








home | office of sustainability
































































































skip to navigation
skip to uconn search
skip to content

our websites may use cookies to personalize and enhance your experience. by continuing without changing your cookie settings, you agree to this collection. for more information, please see our university websites privacy notice.








uconn


university of connecticut school of 

                                university of connecticut                            





search university of connecticut

search uconn







a to z index

uconn a to z index







site a-z




uconn a-z
















institute of the environmentoffice of sustainability 


search this sitesearch in https://sustainability.uconn.edu/>search 












 toggle navigation    
office of sustainability


homeabout us

what is sustainability? our team our mission sustainability policy, energy & environment advisory committee (speeac) contact us

progress

uconn ranked a green leader president’s climate commitment progress reports & goals

experiential learning

experiential learning dashboard os internships uconn@cop fellowship

about uconn@cop what is the un cop climate change conference? uconn@cop blog posts uconn@cop fellows

 environmental and social sustainability grants program other experiential learning opportunities educational engagement events

operations

operations dashboard green campus tour energy dashboard climate and energy buildings sustainable dining grounds, open areas, and conservation transportation waste and recycling water purchasing

research & academics

research academics

resources

ecollaboration sustainability network green office certification program environmental justice toolkit take action on climate change ra resources internet resources

news

events calendar news sustainability newsletter

donate now

uconn@cop fellowship program campus sustainability fund




search this sitesearch in https://sustainability.uconn.edu/>search 

















office of sustainability
building a sustainable campus and a greener future.
uconn office of sustainability

the uconn office of sustainability leads the way for campus sustainability efforts. we provide guidelines, direction and support for sustainability in all sectors, from infrastructure to student outreach, and create programs that enhance engagement and awareness around sustainable practices and behaviors at uconn and in the community.
action areas
experiential learning
operational performance
academics & research

sustainability guiding documents


2020 vision plan for campus sustainability and climate leadership
sustainability framework plan
2019-2021 sustainability progress report
president's working group on sustainability and the environment report: transforming uconn to a zero carbon campus: a path forward
active transportation plan
uconn aims to achieve carbon neutrality by 2030

view energy dashboard
sustainability news









plant power: a new method to model how plants move water globally


read more on uconn today











uconn researchers partner with bioplastics company to examine biodegradable plastics


read more on uconn today









2024: a year of research that mattered


read more on uconn today









uconn’s korey stringer institute joins 60+ organizations in supporting federal policy agenda for tackling extreme heat


read more on uconn today



news from the office of sustainability




green careers: engage & explore – upcoming event




on tuesday, february 25th, from 3 to 7 pm in the mchugh lobby/room 102, join the office of sustainability and the center for career readiness and life skills for the green careers: engage & explore (gcee) event!
as an international leader in sustainability, uconn takes pride in pursuing excellence in environmental performance and consistently strives to be a center of learning for the next generation of environmental leaders. the gcee event is an opportunity for students to see how their interests align with sustainability and environmental career paths. the event will kick off with an engagement fair featuring both employers with green career opportunities and student organizations – it is a chance for you as a student to speak with fellow passionate students and learn more about how you can get involved on campus, as well as learn about career opportunities in general, from various incredible companies in different career fields! (note: resumes are not expected, nor will they be accepted.)
following the engagement fair, an insightful discussion on the many green careers will be held during two, 45-minute panel events, along with an opportunity to network with our panelists. past panelists have ranged from pratt & whitney engineers to leaders on the environmental justice front. stay tuned for more information about the panelists!
get ready for some career exploration and information through the green careers: engage and explore event on the 25th! pre-registration is appreciated but not required: rsvp here!
 
schedule:
engagement fair: 3-5pm, mchugh lobby
industry panel: 5-5:45pm, mchugh 102
networking break (with pizza!): 5:45-6:15pm, mchugh lobby
alumni panel: 6:15-7pm
 
students of all majors are encouraged to attend. green careers are not limited to environmental majors! we want to show you how so many majors can be related to a green career.
why? the earth is facing an imminent crisis: climate change. we will need all hands on deck to make progress in our goals as a global community to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and save our planet. we at the os want to show you, all the students here at uconn, that ‘green’ does not have to mean strictly environmental science. our panelists include engineers, businesspeople, and more – sustainability initiatives can be incorporated into any job! there is a place for all of you in the fight for sustainability and environmental justice; you all have a role to play, big or small.






nominations open – uconn environmental leadership awards




environmental leadership awards: 2023 to 2024
the uconn office of sustainability is requesting nominations for environmental leadership awards (elas).
the elas are a means of recognizing individuals or groups who have worked alone or as part of organizations to support sustainability efforts at uconn or beyond. nominations can be submitted by faculty members, staff members, students, or external partners, and are evaluated by a committee appointed by the office of sustainability and institute of the environment.
the period of activity that forms the basis of nominations must be restricted to 2023 to 2024
nominations must meet at least one of seven criteria areas:

performance
responsible management and growth
outreach
academics
conservation
teamwork
environmental justice

more information about these criteria can be found on our ela webpage.
recipients of the elas are honored at an award ceremony commemorating their achievement on tuesday, april 22.
submit a nomination form
deadline: february 28 at 11:59 pm
if you know a champion for the environment, recognize their efforts! accepting nominations for:

undergrad
grad
faculty
staff
external partners
uconn groups/teams/organizations







uconn earns top 10 spot for ui greenmetric sustainability ratings




uconn was recognized as the 10th most sustainable university in the world according to ui greenmetric, an international system that reviews 1,477 global universities in 95 countries for sustainability performance. this is the fourth year in a row that uconn has made their top ten list. 
read the full story on uconn today.






there with you – colin rosadino




as a law student, i was very excited to witness the bureaucracy of global governance firsthand at the cop. i did not really know what to expect. i have read about these conferences since i was in high school; i have studied the paris agreement and researched its impact; and, as a climate activist, i have always been intrigued by the international legal dimensions of the issue. to travel halfway across the world and see everything, in full form, felt incredibly surreal. at no other time in human history have delegates from every country in the world sat around a table and developed universal treaties together. and yet, while this is emblematically the height of global, liberal democracy, the context surrounding it could not have been more disquieting. the united states just elected a president that attempted to violently overthrow the nation’s last election; committed to imprisoning his opponents and killing asylum seekers, calling them animals, thieves, and criminals; and openly vowed to do the bidding of the fossil fuel industry for a billion-dollar bribe. more bombs have been used to kill palestinians in gaza than were dropped in dresden, hamburg, and london combined during world war ii. the war in ukraine is still being waged. and natural disasters, droughts, heat waves, and famines are destroying communities and taking people’s lives at record levels every successive year.
i knew going in that cop was not the solution to any of that. but it is difficult to see everything progress as normal when these challenges really demand so much more. the most important thing i took away from the conference this year is that a new political alignment is necessary. there is an incredible dissonance you feel walking through the halls of the conference, but for anyone who gets the opportunity to attend a future cop the one thing that you will notice is just how many people are there with you. there are thousands of young people, thousands of experts and activists and scientists. the will and the energy are not lost. the institutions, as they currently exist, might be. cop might be a solution in the future, it might not be. but the impetus for trying that system was important. it still resonates. millions of people are organized and demanding something different and the conference is just one location where solidarity within that movement can be felt and formed.
when you participate in this program, your role as an active force in history begins. everything you see that is unjust or too slow or too ineffective or too captured: that is your project. even if you fear that the institutions tasked with solving a problem are ineffective, it is always important to recognize where power is, how it is being used, and to develop theories to wield it more effectively. one of the most impactful tools of the legal profession is the power to decide what is legitimate and what is not. that can be weaponized, or it can be used earnestly to protect people, but the worst thing we can do is ignore it because it is failing at the latter. cop itself is a legal institution with the power to legitimize a path forward. and everywhere you see unity; people fighting for what is just, in spite of violent opposition; defending one another; and traveling thousands of miles to make their voices heard, that is where you build the resilience to take on those fights. that is how we create a politics for a more impactful, just, and democratic international governance. the will to create that is there and i am so grateful for the experience of attending cop because it gave me the opportunity to bear witness to all of that. more clearly now than ever, i know where i need to put my energy.
colin rosadino is a law student at the uconn school of law.


donate to the uconn office of sustainability
give support to programs and initiatives that contributing to uconn’s international reputation as a leader in university sustainability.
give to uconn@cop 
give to campus sustainability fund



 








office of sustainability
3107 horsebarn hill rd.
room 151
storrs, ct 06269
sustainability@uconn.edu
discover sustainability
about the office of sustainability
our team
sustainability action plan
get involved
uconn@cop fellowship
internships
events calendar
donate
support the uconn@cop fellowship program
support campus sustainability
upcoming events
 

feb
25
 green careers: engage and explore 3:00pm






×


 green careers: engage and explore 




                                                        tuesday, february 25th, 2025                                                    

                                                        03:00 pm - 07:00 pm                                                    


                                                         mchugh lobby and 102                                                     


 



   consisting of two parts, the ‘green careers’ event starts out from 3-5 pm with an engagement expo where uconn departments, clubs, and organizations will staff tables and discuss ways to get involved with on-campus initiatives and courses. employers with a focus on sustainability and/or the environment will be scattered throughout the expo, so students can ask questions about what it is like to work with their organization or in the industry. (this event is not a career fair so resumes are not expected, nor will they be accepted)  between 5-7 pm, there will be panels where students will have direct access to alumni, from multiple disciplines, sharing their insights about their work, the industry in general, their career path, uconn major and preparation, and more.  ‘green careers: engage and explore’ is your opportunity to see if working in this field is right for you. designed for all students, undergraduate and graduate, freshman through senior, this event will have something for you. students can come and go throughout the four-hour period.  sponsored by the office of sustainability and the center for career readiness and life skills, and coordinated by eco-husky interns, be sure to attend! 


contact information:  betsy mortensenbetsy.mortensen@uconn.edu 

more








apr
16
 earth day spring fling 11:00am






×


 earth day spring fling 




                                                        wednesday, april 16th, 2025                                                    

                                                        11:00 am - 02:00 pm                                                    


                                                         fairfield way                                                     


 



   annual earth day celebration on fairfield way. additional details will be added in early spring semester 2025.  


contact information:    sustainability@uconn.edu 

more






all events » subscribe to newsletter
facebookinstagramlinkedintiktoktwitteryoutube  

 



							© university of connecticut


disclaimers, privacy & copyright


accessibility


webmaster login

a-z index



































