
us rare coin investments|tom pilitowski rare coins































































 
  


 
 











 
sign up for our free newsletter


 
e-mail: 


 
 









 






















 



 



 




 

































 



 welcome 
                    to u.s. rare coin investments, 
                    specializing in gold coins and 
                    rare coins.


u.s. 
                  rare coin investments is a high end rare coin dealer 
                  - gold coin dealer and personal representative to many of america's 
                  most experienced rare coin dealers, coin collectors, and investors 
                  in the rare 
                  coins, gold 
                  coins and precious metals markets. high end rare coin dealer 
                  specializing in rare coins, gold coins, rare gold coins since 
                  1979. u.s. rare coin investments provides complete information 
                  on rare coins, rare gold coins, early gold coins and information 
                  relate to other rare coins.


we at 
                    u.s. rare coin investments are of the belief 
                    that information, timely and in depth particularly in the 
                    realm of rare coin investing is one of the keys to success 
                    in this field. we also believe that access to real time coin 
                    market information, coupled with aligning oneself to seasoned 
                    professionals in the rare coin industry can make the difference 
                    between "wishing" you can make a good investment 
                    in these tangible assets, and actually developing a sound 
                    plan and doing it. 
there's a lot of talk on the internet these 
                    days regarding the investment in rare coins, and rare gold 
                    coins but few in our opinion are actually providing the needed 
                    tools and experience to guide and accurately reflect the reality 
                    of the real case decisions and planning one must make in order 
                    to be profitable in the realm of gold, rare coins and gold 
                    coins. we know this as we have been doing so since 1979.


the 
                    principals, associates, and clients of u.s. rare coin investments 
                    have un-paralleled rare coin market reach, experience in all 
                    facets of the rare coin business, a multitude of sound connections 
                    within the various financial markets, and account for many 
                    millions of dollars in rare gold coins, world gold coins and 
                    rare coins placement, from simple collector coins to high 
                    power finest known varietal rarities in highly specialized 
                    series, and pride ourselves on trust, personal and confidential 
                    business relationships and knowledge of markets and true numismatic 
                    skills and know how.

                    if you are a seasoned collector here at u.s. rare coin investments 
                    you will see great raritities, early 
                    silver dollars by bolender variety, rare 
                    bust half dollars by overton variety, rare and sometimes 
                    virtually unknown territorial 
                    gold, rare breen varieties, pedigreed gold coins, early 
                    american coins from the time of the american revolution 
                    era, early bust 
                    gold coins, rare and desireable world 
                    coins, rare silver 
                    dollars and quite frankly more rare and "off the 
                    market" for years type rare coins and more consistent 
                    quality than you'll see anywhere else.
if you are the investor just starting out, 
                    buying gold coins, 
                    rare coins perhaps making 
                    some coin purchases but are still "not sure", come 
                    on in and take a look around. if you are "sure" 
                    but want another opinion, check us out. we think you'll see 
                    the difference. then contact us and put a quarter century 
                    of experienced insiders to work for you.





							together we make up a force to be reckoned with in the arena of numismatics. there is a big difference between the dealer who sells a few millions of dollars in precious metals and the professional numismatist that not only places high end and rare numismatic material and over the years has formed deep and meaningful connections in the realm of owners of these rarities.
						



							you as an investor or even coin collector, need to spot the difference and utilize the services of the dealer who has the ability, knowledge, market reach and works for your goals, not his own. we will help you do that. we at u.s. rare coin investments think that the collecting and investing in rare gold coins and rare coins is one of the most fun and profitable things you can do. read on and find out why.


happy collecting,







					thomas m. pilitowski
                  p.o. box 496607
                  port charlotte, florida 33949
phone toll free: 1-800-388-8118
worldwide: 1-941-255-0133
email: tompilitowski@yahoo.com


  


 

 

 








  


 










fun life member 947 




  


 







â© 2003 -  u.s. rare coin investments


terms  |  legal  |  site 



                  map


 





have a question? contact us here




have a friend who might be interested?



			inform them about us now!






your e-mail:
your name:
friend's e-mail:
friend's name:









send to a friend











 







