










home - spokane home builders association























































  






























skip to content




































menu 
about learn more staff directory board of directors shba annual sponsors builders overview magazineadvocacy building for the future government affairs workforce development electionscalendar committee meetings classes events & networking view all eventsmembership become a member committees & councils roii & health top 5 reasons to joinresources find a pro industry updates remodelers council shba next pwb roii & health national purchasing partnersfall festival of homes








 






















































find a pro directory 
 
















resources & news 
 
















events & classes 
 
















fall festival of homes 
 


















find a pro






popular searches






















disaster recovery resources




















remodel




















landscaping




















plumbing




















electrical




















hvac












view all categories






























latest news






read all the latest shba and industry news








 

 



primary election update



					august 14, 2024				


with virtually all of the ballots counted in spokane, the head-to-head contests are set for november’s showdown. let’s take a…
read more






 

 



city council’s housing ban defies mayor’s ‘all of the above’ housing proclamation



					july 17, 2024				


in her 2024 state of the city address, mayor lisa brown stated, “we just simply have to build more housing…
read more






 

 



2024 spokane county elections



					may 23, 2024				


wondering who will appear on your ballot this august? last week, all candidates seeking elected office were required to file…
read more












read more






























mark your calendar











networking and education are key elements of membership with the spokane home builders association. use the upcoming events & classes calendar to stay in the know.








upcoming events























view all events


















shba 2025 annual sponsors


















 












© 2025 spokane home builders association
 | 
site by growthzone












get in touch!













(509) 532-4990 














5813 e 4th ave, ste 201spokane valley, wa 99212 














contact us 










additional resources






fall festival of homes 
spokane home & garden show
search our members’ employment listings
policy statement









stay connected!

































member login


















 © 

 spokane home builders association.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top












