







london ontario pool comapny | pool & spa expert in london, on | splashworks



































 











 


skip to content









homeabouthot tubs and swim spas, and morepoolshot tubs & swim spaschemicalspool chemicalsspa chemicalssuppliesequipmentaccessoriespartsservicesspecialsvideosblog3 reasons to purchase a hot tub for the wintercontact 

facebookinstagramtwitter 



 












now offering product delivery, starting at $11.50 +tax
call or email for more information
excludes liquid chlorine


519-474-2006
email us today 
info@ipssplashworks.ca











 


search for:








homeabouthot tubs and swim spas, and morepoolshot tubs & swim spaschemicalspool chemicalsspa chemicalssuppliesequipmentaccessoriespartsservicesspecialsvideosblog3 reasons to purchase a hot tub for the wintercontact 


search for:








homeabouthot tubs and swim spas, and morepoolshot tubs & swim spaschemicalspool chemicalsspa chemicalssuppliesequipmentaccessoriespartsservicesspecialsvideosblog3 reasons to purchase a hot tub for the wintercontacthomeabouthot tubs and swim spas, and morepoolshot tubs & swim spaschemicalspool chemicalsspa chemicalssuppliesequipmentaccessoriespartsservicesspecialsvideosblog3 reasons to purchase a hot tub for the wintercontact




 









homepmdms2024-07-12t03:10:11-04:00 


pool & spa expert londonlooking to beat the heat in the summer, or add a little warmth to your winter?

call splash works pool & spa for everything you need!
learn more
the products and services you need
family-owned and operated, splash works pool & spa has been in business for more than 20 years. we work with the best name brands in canada – coast spas, aqua coastal chemicals, pentair, hayward, polaris, etc. to provide you with the product you need to keep everything running strong. pumps, heaters, filters, pool cleaners, salt generators and ozonators, if you can’t find it here, chances are, you won’t find it anywhere!
with 20 years of experience in the pool and spa industry in london, ontario, we also have the knowledge and skillset to service and maintain the products you rely on for your pools and spas. whether you’re opening your pool for the summer, closing it for the winter, or everything in between, we’re here to help. we save you the time and hassle of doing these things yourself while giving you the comfort of knowing it’s done right. not only that, but it also gives us the chance to troubleshoot any current or future problems you may have.
as a full-service pool company, we catch and fix small problems before they can turn into major ones. being located in london, ontario, having four different seasons can throw a lot at your pool and spa, including freezing weather, fall leaves, and summer storm debris. we’ve seen it all and have the know-how to fix the problems as they come, and we have the equipment and products for you so that it won’t happen again.
for more information, please call splash works pool & spa at 519-474-2006
hot tubs and swim spas
we offer an incredible inventory of coast spa tubs and signature spas to fit your needs and budget. whether you’re interested in a smaller hot tub for personal relaxation or a larger one for social gatherings, we have the perfect assortment for you to choose from. with high end features including infinity edges, waterfalls, and easy-to-use touch colour-touchscreen controls.
our swim spas combine the fitness benefits of recreational swimming and the relaxation of a tranquil retreat. their innovative designs prioritize health and wellness in an extremely versatile way.
read more
pools
we offer above ground and on ground pools with cash and carry or installation options.
our pool company’s options include heating solutions so you can set the water temperature to your preference, a saltwater generator for skin-sensitive swimming, and much more. everyone has different pool preferences, so we aim to make each individual experience unique.
read more
pool supplies
vacuums, brushes, hoses, solar blankets, thermometers – we’re your first and only stop when it comes to pool supplies. splash works pool & spa works with the best in the business to get you the essential pool accessories. maintenance is crucial to the longevity of your pool, so we only carry the products we trust.
read more
services
if your pool or spa isn’t working like it should be, call splash works pool & spa for timely, expert service. small problems can become disastrous without a quick and efficient intervention, resulting in massive repair costs. our experts not only get there when you need them, but can troubleshoot your system for potential problems down the road. having been in business for 20 years, we’re a pool company you can trust with all your problems. we look forward to working with you!
read more

contact information
splashworks pool & spa
1055 sarnia rd

london, on n6h 5j9

unit b5 (around back)
tel: 519-474-2006
e-mail: info@ipssplashworks.ca

 




 
 





homeabouthot tubs and swim spasservices & suppliesspecialsblogcontactsitemap 

 
 
 





		© . splashworks pool & spa. all rights reserved.	

 
 
 
 


 
 


































































 


go to top





