


astrobarry.com — astrology for people who think













 

 astrobarry.com the web






home |
horoscopes |
consultations |
archives |
about |
contact








 


connect with astrobarry

like me on facebook
			follow me on twitter
 


join the mailing list
enter your email address for weekly updates from your astro wise-guy.










 
donate
help keep this site free by making a donation.



 


fare thee well
2.18.18
time's up, y'all.
i'm done writing weekly horoscopes, at least for the foreseeable future.  perhaps forever.  who knows?  i only know now.
if this news comes as a shock to you, i admit i'm pretty unnerved by it myself.  i hadn't necessarily seen it approaching.  an eventual expiration-date was inevitably part of my work as an astrologer, for nothing that's alive is eternal, but i'd left the timing undefined in my forward-thinking consciousness.
read more...
 
eclipses say 'time's up'
1.28.18
with the arrival of our latest set of eclipses—a lunar-eclipse full moon on jan 31, followed by a solar-eclipse new moon on feb 15—we enter a new chapter less favorable to shows of fiery bravado.
instead, we're nudged further toward affirming the increasing importance of restrained-and-responsible saturn, newly stern and stringent now back in capricorn, over these months to come.
i've long interpreted eclipse-periods (or the few weeks surrounding a pair or trio of eclipses, which occur every six months or so) as chapter-flipping markers in the narrative unfolding of our life-stories.
read more...
 
2018: dealing with what is, and what to do about it
1.7.18
2018 really is a new year, folks, and not just because we've flipped some arbitrary calendar page to the next sequential number.
the astrology of the year-ahead carries a discernibly distinct vibe from what's most recently prevailed… an essential turning-away from the near-constant disorienting dynamism of these past years, and, now, an ensuing duty to survey the disarray and make the most from it while we can.
we're already detecting the strong-out-of-the-gate beginnings of this crucial shift, with the entry of saturn into capricorn just a few weeks back.
read more...
 
saturn in capricorn: reality-check time
12.22.17
i cannot wriggle my ass away from this desk-chair, as badly as i might like, because i've got to get this work done.
saturn's moved into capricorn this week (on tue dec 19), and it's my job to discuss this major news with you… at least if i aim to continue earnestly fulfilling this role of 'astrological writer' i've created for myself.
if i'm to be taken seriously in my self-selected position, i must report on the biggest astrological headlines as i see them… and saturn's arrival to its ruling earth-sign for the first time since 1991 certainly qualifies.
read more...
 
jupiter trine neptune: sensitivities and vulnerabilities
11.30.17
now that jupiter is in scorpio (where it'll stay through nov 2018), it'll create an ongoing trine to neptune in pisces over the upcoming months, the first exact hit of which occurs this saturday (dec 2).
this jupiter-neptune trine is the single most notable outer-planet aspect being formed in this next year… and, considering it's an 'easy' harmonious angle between two boundary-diffusing bodies, this is quite a shift from where we've been.
looking back on this past year, while jupiter has been in libra, it framed a momentum-generating cardinal t-square with uranus and pluto.
read more...
 
the end of the world
11.6.17
even as an astrologer whose job is to spread the word about major celestial happenings, i was unprepared for the personal profundity i experienced at august's total solar eclipse.
a resident of portland for barely two months, i opted to stay at home rather than risk braving the overhyped traffic-jam ('the worst in oregon history!') to drive the thirty miles into the totality zone.  i figured 99+% totality would be good enough, even as a close astrologer-colleague ribbed me for not wanting the full experience.
that morning, i'd risen at an ungodly hour to take a friend to the airport.  i planned on staying awake until the later-morning's eclipse, but quickly fell asleep as soon as i got home.
read more...
 
jupiter in scorpio: swell of emotional insight
10.14.17
this tuesday (oct 10), jupiter entered scorpio, where it'll stay through november of 2018.
jupiter moves to a new zodiac-sign roughly once a year.  this latest move into scorpio is the first outer-planet sign-shift since jupiter last changed signs, landing in libra back in sep 2016.  it provides us our initial taste of the biggest astro-energetic transition we've experienced all year… one which becomes more palpable over coming months, as first saturn and then uranus also move to new signs.
jupiter's traditional role as the 'greater benefic' is often interpreted (in somewhat misleading shorthand) to simply mean it's the planet that brings us good luck.
read more...







 home | horoscopes | consultations | archives | about | contact
astrobarry llc
	copyright © 2002-2018
legal statement





