










93.7 k country - you live it, we play it



















































































listen live



search




facebook
instagram
email
tunein
iphone

android















































home
on air

recently played
the mr. bob morning show
krystle’s korner
lewis stokes
big red
rachel
saturday night gold rush
bob kingsley’s country top 40 with fitz
homepage with krystle


hurricane
media

listen to k-country
352today


contests & rules

contests
prize pickup information
general contest rules


events

community happenings
concerts
submit event


contact us

text klub
careers


ncfl deals
 



 
















   



   



   



   



   










 



krystle’s korner

retirement maybe looking good for him now as he reflects on his future…



02.14.25 thomas rhett recently shocked fans by revealing a face tattoo in his latest music video. the video shows rhett sporting […]


a week ago she was thinking of handling it herself… but that changed last night…



02.13.25 megan fox is planning a career comeback after welcoming her first child with machine gun kelly.  a source says, […]


they can’t seem to stay out of the news… this time it’s baby fever talk…



02.11.25 jelly roll recently talks about having friends who have never left the town they grew up in. “i still have […]

lifestyle

2 days ago
                    in lifestyle
nearly everyone in the world breathes bad air. this is what you can do to lower your risk



everyone loves a breath of fresh air. unfortunately, too often our air is anything but fresh.


3 days ago
                    in lifestyle
looking for love this valentine’s day? don’t fall for instagram romance scams



facebook and instagram parent company meta platforms is urging users to stay vigilant about " romance scams " ahead of valentine's day, warning of unsolicited messages through its apps and other social media platforms, as well as general text messages.

sports

20 hours ago
                    in sports
here’s a crash course — a cheat sheet, really — for the 67th running of the daytona 500



so let's wave the green flag and take a crash course on some of the basic names and terms to know for the daytona 500.


20 hours ago
                    in sports, trending
philadelphia turns green on valentine’s day to celebrate super bowl champions



swooning fans screamed and cheered friday as mvp quarterback jalen hurts and eagles owner jeffrey lurie took turns hoisting the vince lombardi trophy at the start of the team's victory parade through the city of brotherly love.

 

news from 352today

2 days ago
                    in local
bear-a-thon eclipses one day total of $100,000 in donations for fifth straight year



thanks to you, the bear-a-thon fundraiser received $105,159.46 in donations, eclipsing a one-day total of $100,000 for the fifth consecutive year.


2 days ago
                    in community, entertainment, local
weekend top picks: spread the love this valentine’s weekend



celebrate your loved ones this weekend with festivals, markets, shows, and more around the 352.


2 days ago
                    in local
us forest service warns drivers of travel hazards from fire, smoke, and fog



with spring approaching and wildfire risks increasing, motorists are urged to use caution on roads near forests, especially during peak travel events like daytona 500 and bike week.


2 days ago
                    in community, education, local
the four chaplains: honoring their ultimate sacrifice on the usat dorchester



a tribute to the heroic chaplains who gave their lives to save others during world war ii.


2 days ago
                    in local
fdot to host open house on s.r. 200 safety improvements in ocala on feb. 26



the florida department of transportation will provide updates on the construction project, including raised medians and traffic safety enhancements, with in-person and online participation options.


2 days ago
                    in equine, local, sports
from spectator to competitor: kathleen carrara embraces eventing at florida horse park



former marathon runner and triathlete takes on the challenge of three-day eventing in ocala, forming a strong bond with her irish sport horse.


3 days ago
                    in equine, local, sports
world equestrian center in ocala hosts longines fei jumping world cup™ qualifier and all for the horses expo



elite equestrians compete in ocala from feb. 11-16, with top riders preparing for the longines league of nations™ in march; all for the horses expo offers shopping and educational events feb. 15-16.

 

now playing
 


entertainment news

1 day ago
                    in entertainment
a$ap rocky trial brings clashing closing arguments over gun as rihanna brings tiny sons to court



with rihanna and two toddlers looking on from the audience, a prosecutor at the trial of a$ap rocky told jurors during his closing argument thursday that they have "one critical question" to answer.


2 days ago
                    in entertainment
‘saturday night live’ plans a massive 50th anniversary special. who’s coming and how to watch



airing sunday and spanning three hours, the, yes, live "snl50: the anniversary celebration" will assemble a dream team of stars who have helped the show become an enduring pop culture force.


2 days ago
                    in entertainment, music
mariah carey, chubby checker, cyndi lauper, outkast and phish get rock hall nominations



mariah carey, chubby checker, cyndi lauper, outkast and phish are some the 2025 nominees for induction into the rock & roll hall of fame, a list that also includes two sets of musical brothers who have had public feuds and recent reunions — the black crowes and oasis.






























93.7 k country copyright 2025 saga communications,
                        inc. all rights reserved.
                    
eeo
                            report | fcc public file  | fcc applications
                            for assistance accessing public files, contact pfhelp@ncfmgroup.com 

privacy policy | terms of use |
                        data access request | contests &
                            rules
non-discriminatory advertising letter |
                        advisory public notice - non-discriminatory ad contracts
                    
some images copyright ap, clipart.com










































