





diesel secret energy - alternative biofuel biodiesel




















 






















 

dse has developed a revolutionary method for producing an inexpensive, high performance fuel that can power any diesel engine and the cost to you is only 
                    *46-60¢ per gallon!
that means over $3+ savings for every gallon 
                    of our fuel you use!you have not heard of this before. this is an entirely new way in america to make your own fuel from 
                      fry oils that takes only minutes. 
                      it can be used as a 100% replacement for petrol diesel 
                      fuel or as a fuel offset by using it with petrol diesel 
                      fuel in any percentage you desire. dse fuel and petrol 
                      diesel fuel are perfectly compatible.

 


 


no 
                    processors!



no vehicle conversions!
 


 

no 
                    heating required at all!  no dangerous methanol! works in 
                    newer and older diesel engines.  even those with power 
                    upgrades.all you need to get started is this



 


 

become fuel independent 
                      and have more money for the good things in life! 
 


 


























you'll be e-mailed our overview video showing you the basic steps of the system.








you'll receive a hard copy of our easy to follow manual with all the details you need to build your system in one afternoon and be fuel independent by the next day. our manual even includes a section on how to make money with your new knowledge. (note: manual will ship via ups with concentrate)








we'll even include a complimentary bottle of our specially formulated alternative diesel fuel additive ($12.99 value) at no additional charge. it's an essential catalyst for our fuel to perform as intended. if you need more, simply add another bottle to the order.









 


                        quality assured



                         




 


                        preferred vendor
                         

 








 









not bio-diesel / no conversion / how it works / home heating oil / comparison chart / dr. diesel & us / testimonials / faq /
      affiliates / contact
“the greatest divide between rich and poor is knowledge” - anonymous
        diesel secret energy, llc all rights reserved






