








party central family fun - permanently closed























































318-742-7529
info@partycentralinfo.com















home
auction
 


select page


  
 
 











friends of party central,
with heavy hearts and deep gratitude, we announce the closing of party central family fun center.
after nearly three decades of laughter, joy, and unforgettable memories, we have decided to retire and sell the property to private investors. this decision marks the end of an incredible chapter in our lives, and we look forward to what lies ahead.
our final day for full-service operations will be saturday, may 25, and our doors will officially close on sunday, may 26, with arcades and mini golf available until 8pm.
we ask that all gift cards, tickets, and tokens be redeemed by saturday, may 25.
since our humble beginnings in 1996 as a home-based rental company, and moving to our viking drive location in 2000, party central has been more than just a fun center – it’s been a place where countless memories were made. we’ve been honored to host your birthday parties, family gatherings, and special events. the trust you’ve placed in us with your children and families means the world to us.
to our current and former employees – each one of you has contributed immensely to our journey, and for that, we are profoundly grateful. your dedication, hard work, and passion have been the cornerstone of our success, and we have been honored to have had the privilege of working with such an extraordinary team over the years.
thank you to the ark-la-tex community, companies, families, churches, schools, organizations, and individuals who have supported us from the very beginning. your loyalty and patronage have been the heart of our success and the source of so many wonderful memories.
with heartfelt appreciation, we invite you to share your favorite photos and memories as we celebrate the past 30 years together and invite you to visit us by sunday, may 26, to celebrate the legacy of party central one last time.
– bernadette and bubba chandler



 











facebook




x


© 2024  party central family fun center, inc. all rights reserved. |  
4401 viking drive, bossier city, la 71111  •   (318) 742-7529 
 
site designed/managed by savage creative solutions. 













