



teen volunteering made easy





































home
volunteer opportunities
calendar
spotlight
articles
about us
join us
contact us






home
volunteens is a website that helps teenage high school students find volunteering opportunities to not only better their community, but also to fill their high school’s required community service hours.
if you know of organizations or events that you would like us to add to this website, please contact us at alex@heatzig.com
also, if you are viewing this website from a county that is not broward or palm beach and would like to bring volunteens to your area send me an email!

 

some teen volunteer opportunities

pine jog environmental education center
 




contact person: rita adamo
job title: summit boulevard
address 1: 6301 summit boulevard
address 2: west palm beach
city: west palm beach


state: fl
zip code: 33415
contact number : 561.686.6600
email: adamo@fau.edu 
website: www.pinejog.org 



volunteers are needed for clerical and office duties. "enchanted forest: a special event, is usually held in november. tens will be needed as trail guides through the forest and as costumed animal characters. the animal characters need to memorize a 4 minute talk about the animal's life they are portraying. volunteers are also needed at the "palmetto cafe" distributing refreshments.

this environmental education center is awonderful volunteer opportunity for students who love nature, science, the outdoors, landscaping, ecology, etc.



carver ranches day care center
 




contact person: sue davis 
job title: .
address 1: 4033 sw 22 st.
address 2: hollywood
city: hollywood


state: fl
zip code: 33023
contact number : 954 963 1063
email: 
website: 



volunteers are needed to work as pre-school and infant aides. responsibilities include child and infant day care and related responsibilities

minimum age: 15 years old



museum of art / fort lauderdale
 




contact person: leslie bell
job title: curatorial & education assistant
address 1: one east las olas blvd. 
address 2: fort lauderdale
city: fort lauderdale


state: fl
zip code: 
contact number : 954- 525-5500 ext. 230 or ext 241
email: email:lbell@moafl.org
website: www.moafl.org 



join the fun at the museum of art / fort lauderdale -- become a volunteer!

volunteers support the museum staff in a wide variety of functions: greeting visitors, working at the admissions counter, assisting at lectures and special events, and helping out at our creative summer art camp. the museum also has opportunities for docents. scheduling is flexible to fit your needs, and training is provided to ensure that you're comfortable in your volunteer position.

the museum has many unusual new exhibitions on its calendar, which means that volunteering will give you the inside track to experiencing firsthand the fun and excitement of working behind the scenes at the museum of art / fort lauderdale. call 943-525-5500 ext. 230 or 241 to join our great volunteer team.



kids in distress
 




contact person: nancy okrent
job title: .
address 1: 819 ne 26th st.
address 2: fort lauderdale
city: fort lauderdale


state: fl
zip code: 33305
contact number : 954-767-8573
email: 
website: www.kidsvotingbroward.org



we prepare and motivate future voters through nationally acclaimed curriculum in k-12 with hands-on voting experience.

we need volunteers to join our high school student advisory board, participate in fundraising activities, and join our think tank.

minimum age: 14 years old



swept away tv
 




contact person: nancy rich
job title: swept away tv
address 1: swept away tv
address 2: 
city: .


state: al
zip code: 
contact number : 561-504-4995
email: sweptawaytv@bellsouth.net
website: www.sweptawaytv.com



we are looking for teens 16 and up who are enrolled in tv production classes in school to film and edit their own rock star interviews.
we are also looking for visual artists to work on design projects for bands.
volunteers must have transportation to ft lauderdale.






volunteens news! 


my name is megan mangines, and i am the president of volunteens. i am a rising junior at american heritage high school in boca raton, florida, florida.  i am excited about making this website more useful than ever!  if you are visiting this website from outside the palm beach and broward county that we are currently located in and would like to make a difference in your community, contact me for a great opportunity!


search opportunities browse
palm beach county 
broward county
columbus, oh :a-l m-z
or search by interest: 



calendar palm beach county event calendarbroward county event calendar
join a volunteens team 
click here to join a volunteens team and receive our new!
newsletter about special volunteering events.
school requirements check your school's community service requirements!
palm beach county schools
broward county schools

more links submit a teen opportunity.
see what people are saying about us. 
read newspaper articles about us! 


home
volunteer opportunities
calendar
spotlight
articles
about us
join us
contact us








home
volunteer opportunities
calendar
spotlight
links
about us
join us
contact us
if you have questions e-mail us at webmaster@volunteens.com.
the inclusion of any organization or person in this website does not constitute a representation, warranty, or endorsement with respect to the competence, suitability, or reliability of such organization or person by volunteens.comsm
copyright ©2000-20012. volunteens.comsm. all rights reserved.  



blue
red
green
grey











