










official website - paso robles & templeton chamber of commerce
































































 
 























skip to content














menu


about

who we are

our mission
history
staff
contact us


leadership

board of directors
chairman circle
ambassadors
committees
community partners




initiatives

advocacy
public policy
legislative agenda
recognition
central coast chamber coalition


news & media

roblan of the month
great news
chamber blog
join our email list


membership

our members

login
account training
directory


membership information

current membership options
join the chamber
advertising opportunities
hot deals




directory
visit us
 










































dedicated to economic health, business prosperity and civic engagement













join the chamber today!






























economic development 
 
















visitor services 
 
















programs & events 
 
















workforce development 
 
















job listings 
 
















advocacy 
 


















welcome & thanks for joining us!












the paso robles and templeton chamber of commerce promotes economic vitality, empowers leaders, champions businesses, fosters civic engagement and honors our history. we strengthen the economic health and prosperity of north san luis obispo county's businesses and residents. the chamber provides opportunities for business leaders to convene, connect, learn, advocate and grow to foster a culture of engaged, committed and successful businesses embracing the paso robles community.

rich in history, agriculture, innovation and hospitality, we love our community and are proud to advocate as ambassadors and leaders.


































"it is in times like these that the human spirit shines brightest. this spirit of unwavering determination and selfless compassion resides within the hearts of all who live here. let us take this time to appreciate all we have worked so hard to gain and the loved ones around us that give us strength to move forward. focusing each and every day on the core values of the paso robles & templeton chamber of commerce, we will relentlessly serve our vibrant north county membership.  we love our community and know its residents have what it takes to succeed."
 
gina fitzpatrick
ceo, paso robles & templeton chamber of commerce















shop local
















                                restaurants                            














                                attractions                            














                                shopping                            














                                lodging                            














                                wine country                            














                                professional services                            










































 
 2025 annual gala and awards ceremonyjoin us at rava wines on march 8, 2025, for an evening in paris, where we will welcome our 2025 board of directors, thank our 2024 outgoing board members, share the chamber's accomplishments from 2024, and look forward to the year ahead.
we will also honor:
roblan of the year: gary eberle
beautification award: tom maas clubhouse,
boys & girls club of mid central coast
📅 date: saturday, march 8, 2025
⏰ 5:00-10:00pm
📍 rava wines


register today


 

































february 2025 membership mixerjoin us at the tom maas clubhouse in paso robles, home of boys & girls clubs mid-central coast, for an evening of networking and celebration.

this beautiful space, recently honored with the beautification of the year award, offers the perfect setting to connect with members, share business contacts, and welcome potential new members.

don't miss this chance to connect, celebrate, and expand your network!
📅  wednesday, february 12, 2025
⏰ 5:30 - 7:30pm
📍 tom maas clubhouse, boys & girls clubs of mid-central coast


register here


 












upcoming events 







all events calendar
























shop our online merch store














do you love paso robles & templeton? rock our merch!
shop here!




















latest blog







 

 



local teen’s act of kindness brightens day for young patients at marian regional medical center


santa maria, ca – feb. 13, 2025 – sophia ferreira, a 17-year-old high school student, brought a wave of valentine’s…
read more















advocacy in action


















paga reform explained: key takeaways for employers
on july 1, governor gavin newsom signed two bills that reform aspects of paga, with the reforms taking effect retroactively to june 19.
learn the key takeaways for employers from advocacy experts at calchamber.

 







learn more











chamber alerts













































thank you chairman circle partners!






















                                rava                            














                                all about events                            














                                mechanics bank                            














                                paso robles waste and recycle                            














                                eccu                            














                                cal coast                            














                                bbsi                            














                                paso robles press                            














                                adventist health central coast                            














                                american riviera                            














                                barrelhouse                            














                                blue printers                            














                                city of paso robles                            














                                coast hills                            














                                idlers                            














                                pacific premier bank                            














                                waste management                            














                                mari landscaping                            














                                paso daily news                            














                                cio solutions                            














                                central coast moving                            














                                astound business solutions                            






next
previous









 












© 2025 paso robles & templeton chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












paso robles 













805.238.0506 














1314 spring street paso robles, ca 93446 














info@pasorobleschamber.com 










templeton













805.434.1789 














321 s main streettempleton, ca 93465 














info@templetonchamber.com 










visitor centers








summer hours
mon - fri: 9am - 5pm
sat: 10:30am - 4pm
sun: 10am - 2pm
appointments available




















stay connected!
















































 © 

 paso robles & templeton chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved. 








 
scroll to top





















