







home page - dan dipert companies tours & chartered coaches



















































 











skip to content






covid 19 response


















homecharters

what makes us different what you need to know request a charter quote
dan dipert tours

dan dipert tours custom group tours student tours






menu
close






home
charters

what makes us different
what you need to know
request a charter quote


dan dipert tours

dan dipert tours
custom group tours
student tours







 


















welcome to dan dipert travel & transportation! 



you’ve come to the right place! whether you are here to charter a motorcoach to move people from point a to point b, need a custom trip planned for your group, a parent or teacher planning a trip for your students, or an individual wanting to take a vacation with likeminded folks on one of our luxury motorcoaches, dan dipert is your solution. click on the photos below to learn more about what we can do for you. 













 

 

 






charterswhether your group is young or old, traveling for fun or business, we are the right fit for you. dan dipert coaches will provide your group the exceptional service, luxury, safety and reliability, all at competitive rates. 









 

 

 






custom group tourshave a group that wants to travel together? we will plan the trip for you! we will work with you to tailor the experience for your group. let us take the burden off your shoulders! 









 

 

 






student travelplanning student travel is hard! we take the worries and hassles out of traveling with your students. just need a coach? we’ve got you! want us to plan every detail of your trip? we’ve got you! we can save you money too! 









 

 

 






dan dipert toursthere are many tours for you to choose from, whether you’re flying solo or there are several of you travelling together. we know where to go and what to do along the way. let us do the work while you relax and join the fun! 















upcoming dan dipert tours 















															learn more														





more tours coming soon


													at dan dipert tours we love offering our customers fun and fantastic tours. at this time we don't have any tours on the books but we are always planning them. stop back in a few weeks to see what we've got cooking.												





















			call us today at 817-543-3700 or
		

request a charter bus quote










opens in a new tabopens in a new tabopens in a new tab 
 dan dipert coaches & tours, a leader in the tour, travel and transportation business is family-owned and operated since 1972.   we have transported hundreds of thousands of passengers all over north america safely.  we would love you to be our next happy customer! 
request a quotecontact us
 
© copyright dipert travel & transportation, ltd.

 

 

hometourstour faqscharterscharter faqsabout uscareersprivacy policycontact us 














log in
become a part of our community!





username





password




 remember me



login

forgot your password? get help

privacy policy

not a member?
sign up




create an account
welcome! register for an account





your username





your email





password





confirm password




register

privacy policy

already a member?
sign in




reset password
recover your password





username or e-mail





request reset password link

a password reset link will be e-mailed to you.

privacy policy

back to
login



×







close this panel



























