


farish street records












 



































 



dorothy 
                    moore started her label farish street records of mississippi 
                    in 2002.
the label is named to honor the legendary street and neighborhood 
                    where dorothy was raised. not far from her childhood home, 
                    farish street was the home to live and juke blues music that 
                    filled dorothy's head and heart even in her early years.
some of the musicians that were found or first recorded on 
                    farish street were robert johnson, sonny boy williamson ii, 
                    and elmore james. some talent scouts and record labels, like 
                    h.c. speir, trumpet records, ace records, were on the street 
                    early in dorothy's life.
anyone who was in the music world and african american played 
                    up and down the street. bessie smith played with the rabbit 
                    foot minstrels. louis armstrong, count basie, duke ellington, 
                    dinah washington played in halls along the street.
the alamo theater, at 333 n farish street, was where dorothy 
                    started her career. 
                    other artists before her sung there too, such as nat king 
                    cole, elmore james, otis span. when dorthy was twelve, her 
                    great grandmother (who raised her), minnie mitchell, let dorothy 
                    enter the wednesday night talent shows. she chose to sing 
                    blues as it was an adult audience and she knew what they liked. 
                    dorothy won that night and every night she entered the alamo 
                    theater talent show.

                    today the street is in a historic district and many of the 
                    sites are still standing. the alamo theater has been renovated 
                    and you might find dorothy at the ticket window to volunteer 
                    at the community owned theater. 
some of the best juke music in town is at peaches cafe and 
                    big john's, dba big apple inn. these may the oldest resturants 
                    in jackson, ms. in 2002 historic preservation redevelopment 
                    was begun on farish street. 
dorothy honored the nationally known street for it's rich 
                    music heritage by naming her company farish street records 
                    of mississippi.
 






                  download the "free 
                  anti-bootleg public service announcement" featuring 
                  dorothy moore asking fans not to buy the bootlegged cds from 
                  street vendors. it is a 30 second public service announcement.


















farish street 
                records of mississippi
                p.o. box 1217
                florence, ms 39073 us
                601-372-8851
© 2010 all rights reserved

sitemap

 







