







atlantic management company - valuation & financial advisory firm
































































home
who we serve
our firm

our team
professional affiliations
credentials & experience
industry experience


services

business valuation
mergers & acquisitions
esops
ownership transition


latest news
contact us










valuationadvisory services & supportatlantic management company, inc. has a long history of providing credible and defensible opinions of organizational value based on extensive research, as well as proven valuation practices. learn morem & a servicessale prep and strategic planningwe provide a comprehensive suite of merger & acquisition services to help companies and organizations prepare for sale, initiate strategic acquisitions and facilitate growth, alignment and brand exposure. learn moreowner transitionsale prep and strategic planningour proprietary program is designed to identify, evaluate, recommend and implement the planning strategies that will allow business owners and their families to achieve their personal and financial objectives. learn moreesopsour bread & butteras a nationally recognized team of experts in this specialized field, we have been instrumental in establishing employee stock ownership plans (esops) for clients in a broad range of industries. learn more








atlantic management company is more than a leading valuation and financial advisory firm. we are an organization with a long tradition of excellence built on competence, experience and integrity.


ownership transition group


atlantic management company’s ownership transition group specializes in esops, mergers & acquisitions, and succession strategies for privately owned companies.


ownership transitionthis proprietary program is designed to identify, evaluate, recommend and implement the planning strategies that will allow business owners and their families to achieve their personal and financial objectives.mergers & acquisitionswe provide experienced merger and acquisition services to companies seeking to sell their organization, make strategic acquisitions, or merge with other entities.esopswe provide experienced merger and acquisition services to companies seeking to sell their organization, make strategic acquisitions, or merge with other entities.valuation group


since 1968, the firm’s valuation group has provided business valuations, fairness and solvency opinions, and litigation support for private and public companies.
depending on the nature of the engagement and the needs of our clients, we communicate our findings in an appropriate format ranging from an informal opinion letter to a comprehensive written report. in each case, our analysis results in a thoroughly researched and carefully documented valuation that can withstand the closest scrutiny.


learn more 






 

atlantic management company is more than a leading valuation and financial advisory firm. we are an organization with a long tradition of excellence built on competence, experience and integrity. we have worked hard to earn the trust of the business, legal and financial communities we serve. we strive to maintain that trust as we continue the tradition of excellence that defines atlantic management company.
our affiliations 
contact our firm 
our address:
one new hampshire avenue
suite 125
portsmouth, nh 03801
 +1 (603) 436-8009 
click here to email us 
see our location on a map 




copyright © 2017 atlantic management co.
home
about us
contact us

































