







home - skyline orchestras: long island's finest wedding bands
















































































































		skip to content


skyline orchestras







 



home
live bands

code bleu skyline rhapsody

djs
services
attend a showcase
request a quote
book a call
 




 














 












new york's  finest wedding bands  
















attend our live wedding band showcases 



february 19 and  26 



click for details and to register 











an unforgettable musical experience 
with skyline orchestras 



your wedding is a once-in-a-lifetime experience, and every detail matters. when it comes to creating the perfect atmosphere, nothing compares to the energy and excitement of a live band. skyline orchestras and their three bands, code bleu, rhapsody and skyline have been highly praised and reviewed for their ability to turn weddings into unforgettable celebrations. but what makes a live band so special compared to a dj? let us show you the difference. 



















why choose a  live band? 











unmatched  energy 



 



live performances are magical. the interaction between our musicians and your guests create an electric atmosphere that a playlist simply can’t replicate. 







tailored  performances 



 



with our great live bands, you’re getting a great live show. we customize our set to fit your style, for a truly personalized experience. a live band ensures the right vibe you want. 







live 
engagement 



 



our bands bring your celebration to life, keeping your guests entertained and engaged from the beginning to the end of the night 







musical  versatility 



 



unlike a bad dj’s pre-recorded tracks, our bands can adapt to the flow of the evening. want a special request or a spontaneous encore? we’ve got you covered. 







non-stop 
music  



 



we cater to all ages and musical tastes, making sure that everyone, from your youngest guests to your oldest, are up on their feet and having a great time. we read the crowd perfectly and deliver a diverse range of music, from classic hits to modern fav’s. 



















our bands 












 




code bleu 








 




rhapsody 








 




skyline 



















about us 







for over 25 years, skyline orchestras has provided its clients with first class music and entertainment. the concept behind our company has always been to provide exceptionally talented, well rehearsed bands and ensembles. our bands can not only reproduce the sounds of any recording artist, but are enthusiastic about making your wedding reception the very best it can be. having performed at thousands of weddings, corporate dinner dances, fundraisers, and holiday events, skyline orchestras has built an unprecedented reputation. 




 
















see what our  clients have said 















 

 play


 







code bleu  











 

 play


 







skyline 











 

 play


 







rhapsody 



















let us make   your event spectacular 












 




djs 








 




officiant 












 




photobooth 
& uplighting  






contact us












 




specialty 
music  






contact us















with rave reviews and years of experience, skyline orchestras’ three bands have wowed couples and guests with their captivating performances. whether you’re looking for timeless classics, modern hits, or a mix of both, our bands bring an exceptional level of talent and professionalism to make your day unforgettable. check out our reviews 














 


 







 








 















theknot 4.9 







 







111 reviews 











weddingwire 5 







 







86 reviews 




















 









 









 









 





















 









 









 









 



















call or text us 631.277.7777







sean@skylineorchestras.com 



skylineorchestras.com 










 



 






call 





 









text 





 
































