



ben eden : communicator, photojournalist and researcher based in london and prague





    communicator, photojournalist and researcher 



ben eden is a communicator, photojournalist and a fine-art documentary photographer and videographer. based
	  in london and prague and active internationally, ben works on documentary and communications projects
	  for museums, foundations, book publishers, companies and non-profit organizations. expert in social media in large enterprises, fluent in seven languages, ben welcomes the exciting challenges of multicultural, border-spanning communications assignments.
			
 


			       
		


				 ben has worked for clients including the ronald s. lauder foundation, jewish distribution committee (jdc), the new york times, the wall street journal, the chronicle of higher education, süddeutsche zeitung, profil, suhrkamp verlag, handelsblad, random house, thomson gale, kösel verlag, la croix, la libre belgique, macarthur foundation, grinell college, university of chicago, universitätskolleg zu berlin, american university of beirut, danish ministry of education, university of twente and the czech ministry of education.
			



in the news: a photograph by ben eden has been chosen as the title image for ronald s. lauder foundation's new website.
 
jewish schools from berlin to moscow
berlin, prague, warsaw, vienna, budapest, bucharest, sofia and moscow  - a reportage for the ronald s. lauder foundation

sarajevo jews 

life as usual at bosnia's largest jewish community 
				a reportage for jdc (joint distribution committee)
			
  
 the lifebook project 

 portraits and life stories of some of prague's oldest jews   sponsored by the jdc paris office 
			
  
 chanukah '98 exhibition 

 a slice of prague jewish life at the jewish museum in prague   sponsored by the prague jewish community
			
  
 roma children 

 a selection from a documentary assignment on roma education in eastern europe   commissioned by the american educator magazine
			
  
 iran diary 

 grabbed left and right while reporting on universities in teheran and isfahan   assignment by the chronicle of higher education, washington, d.c.
			
  
 199x exhibition 

 a personal retrospective at the national technical museum in prague   sponsored by apple, adobe, epson and polaroid
			
  
 carioca sunday 

 ipanema and copacabana - a day spent by the beach in rio de janeiro 

  
africa's academe

exploring academic life at universities in kenya, sudan and nigeria  an assignment by the chronicle of higher education
			
 
moments

sneak a peek at my upcoming book of candid photographs

  
fine-art reportage

museum exhibited documentary wedding and portrait photography 
 

	other projects will be added shortly as this website continues being updated. 

share ben eden's photography with your facebook friends:

also visit ben's new facebook professional page



contact ben


read news 


sign guest book 

buy fine-art prints


 


##	please note that all photographs and content on this website are ©2014 ben eden photography. all rights are reserved. you are only entitled to view the images in your web browser. any other use without prior written permission constitutes a copyright violation. information about licensing images and availability of fine art prints is available upon request. 



