






entergy new orleans | we power life.  

















 search



payments and billingbilling optionspayment optionstools to manage my billi need help paying my billresidential customersbusiness customerssafetyresidentialbusinesscommunitywe are entergy new orleansnew orleans' clean energy futurethe power to carecorporate and foundation givingeconomic developmentresources and servicesgoentergyavailable sites and buildingsfact sheetmyentergy 



contact usfaqnewsroomabout uscareers|entergy.com 







entergy new orleans, llc|
contact usfaqnewsroomabout uscareers|entergy.com myentergy|outages













payments and billingbilling optionspayment optionstools to manage my billi need help paying my billresidential customersbusiness customerssafetyresidentialbusinesscommunitywe are entergy new orleansnew orleans' clean energy futurethe power to carecorporate and foundation givingeconomic developmentresources and servicesgoentergyavailable sites and buildingsfact sheet 
















your game plan for energy savings
energy smart launches new website with more ways to save.
think of our new website as your ultimate playbook for saving energy at home. whether you’re a seasoned pro or just starting out, it’s easy to find ways to lower your bill and save. with energy smart as your home team, you always win. get started







start, stop or transfer service
it's fast and easy to update your service online
whether you're new to entergy, moving across town or moving across the country, you can take care of it all, all in one place. get started







2025-26 accelerated resilience plan
building a stronger grid for new orleans
entergy new orleans’ accelerated resilience plan (2025-26) is the first step in a wholesale upgrade of the city’s electric infrastructure, intended to keep the lights on longer when a storm strikes, and to restore power more quickly if service is disrupted by a storm. learn more







freedom to go paperfree
drop the paper bill. enjoy the perks.
thanks to our insightful e-bill and mobile app, you can rest easy going paperless and help save time, clutter and the environment. go paperfree







never miss a payment
get a heads-up with billing alerts
stay on top of your energy bill with easy notifications. sign up for text or email alerts ahead of when your bill is due — you choose how many days out. get billing alerts




•
•
•
•
•








					quick links				







myentergy
view and pay my bill 






view outages
view power status in your area 






moving?
start, stop or move service 






storm center
be prepared for bad weather 








					featured content
				









payment options
choose how your bill is calculated and when, where and how you pay it.
learn more









pay online
no checks. no postage. no fees. simply log into myentergy.
learn more









energy smart
energy audits, incentives, rebates and energy efficiency products.
learn more









energy tips
the more you know about how you use energy, the more ways you can save.
learn more









latest news and insights









news > communities, energy efficiency
entergy new orleans’ energy smart program launches new website
02/05/2025
energy smart, entergy new orleans’ energy efficiency and demand response program, launches its brand-new website to start the year. 
read more






did you know?
overhead power lines have no insulation and can carry more than 500,000 volts.
learn more 

 
 




more news and insights































contact usfaqcareersabout usadditional linksbuilding a bright future for new orleansintegrated resource plannatural gas system rebuildespañolentergy.com 









© 2025 entergy corporation. all rights reserved.



accessibility
privacy policy
terms of use










			search siteclose











