




nanps
























































 











javascript is currently disabled on your browser. it is required to view this site. you can usually locate this option in your browser settings or preferences. thank you.





















donate
join












who we are

home
board of directors
brief history
mission
nanps committees
support team
financial


plant sales

online advanced ordering is finished
nanps plant sale locations
faq


events & activities

nanps agms & socials
nanps awards
excursions
speakers and workshops
nanps seed exchange
information tables


growing native plants

how to start gardening with native plants
gardening tips
native plant database
native plants to know
commercial growers
seed collecting
nanps seed exchange
indoor native seed stratification
rain gardens


conservation

conservation properties
alien invaders
plant rescues
shining tree woods
zinkan island cove
zinkan island cove inspection


nanps publications

blazing star
share your stories
other nanps publications


external resources

native plant societies
other publications
the local scoop


photo album
get involved

become a member/renew membership
volunteer
donate






 
welcome to nanps: committed to preserving native plant habitat in wild areas and restoring indigenous flora to developed areas. 






moth on monarda  (photograph: ruth zaugg)


american goldfinch on agastache (photograph: paul laporte)


highbush cranberry: favourite wildflowers and shrubs








blazing star
quarterly magazine about native plants, published by nanps.







gardening tips
if you plant it they will come!







native plants to know
these plants have been featured in nanps newsletter.







conservation news
preserving wild lands is an important function of environmental organizations, such as ours.








spring 2025 plant sale
save the date for our annual native plant sale at toronto botanical garden – saturday may 17, 2025.



become a member
there are a variety of benefits to being a member. learn more…



donate to nanps
like many charities, nanps depends on the generosity of its supporters. learn more…





upcoming events
22febget the jump on spring 2025 at toronto botanical gardenyou’ll find nanps at get the jump on spring—tbg’s annual horticultural open house—on saturday, february 22, 2025, from 10:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. with 30+...25febwebinar – crime pays but botany doesn’t : a punk rock botanist’s 5 favorite north american plant species. in conversation with joey santoreabout this webinar: sometimes referred to as a punk rock botanist, joey has built his public persona on his colourful language, interesting life story and unwavering...08marseedy weekend 2025 at evergreen brick worksnanps will have an information table at seedy weekend at evergreen brick works, march 8th and 9th, 2025 from 9:00 am to 2:00 pm. whether you’re a gardening newbie,...15marcentre wellington seedy saturday 2025nanps will have an information table at centre wellington seedy saturday on march 15th, 2025 from 10:30 am to 2:30 pm. this community event is a collaboration between...29marinnisfil seedy saturday 2025nanps will have an information table at innisfil seedy saturday on march 29th, 2025 from 10:00 am to 2:00 pm. this annual event brings together new and seasoned...05aprcarolinian canada: hope in the land expo 2025 hope in the land expo brings a community of people together who are healing the landscape in ethical space through reciprocity and reconciliation. come spend your...26apr10,000 trees for the rouge earth week tree planting 2025this two day tree planting event will take place rain or shine at bruce’s mill conservation area near stouffville, ontario. nanps will have an information...


about nanps






news
webinar team interview with kimberly bell. nanps is working hard to bring you interesting, informative and entertaining content in 2025. we interviewed board member kimberly bell from our webinar team to find out more.
2024 agm: the 2024 agm took place on saturday, october 26. you can view a recording of the proceedings here.
webinar: the risks of climate change for the home garden: a risk management approach: the video of our march 19, 2024 webinar with kimberly bell is now available to watch here.
nanps video – danforth pollinator pathway: learn how one toronto neighbourhood came together to create a network of pollinator friendly gardens at homes and in public spaces and and the important features they included to help pollinators thrive. watch now.
webinar: the role of non-native plants in butterfly communities: the video of our september 19, 2023 webinar with dr. heather kharouba is now available to watch here.
pollinator gardening: 9 quick tips. thank you to td – friends of the environment foundation for a grant supporting the creation of this tip sheet.
webinar: native shrubs for your garden: the video of our march 21, 2023 webinar with colleen cirillo is now available to watch here.
nanps how to create a pollinator garden: a beginner’s guide: thank you to td – friends of the environment foundation for a grant, making this guide possible. in partnership with david suzuki foundation.
webinar: making gorgeous pollinator gardens: how to do it! the video of our january 17, 2023 webinar with clement kent is now available to watch here.
nanps video series – how to create a native plant garden from start to finish: to inspire new pollinator gardeners, nanps has created three videos, explaining why native plants are vital to local ecology and offering tips on how to start your very own native plant garden. watch now.
webinar: collecting and cultivating native plant seeds: the video of our april 13, 2022 webinar with paul heydon is now available to watch here
webinar: canada’s wild seeds: growing our biological gold: the video of our february 16, 2022 webinar with melissa spearing is now available to watch here





subscribe to our mailing list
email address 

first name 

last name 

sign up location 















our history
nanps was founded in 1985 by a small group of dedicated conservationists as the canadian wildflower society. as our american membership grew and acknowledging that plants don’t recognize political boundaries, we changed our name to the north american native plant society in 1999. in 1985 we founded north america’s foremost native plant magazine: wildflower. the original magazine ceased publication in 2005, but it’s name lives on under the editorship.



conservation
nanps currently owns two conservation properties: shining tree woods in the carolinian zone of southern ontario and zinkan cove on the west shore of the bruce peninsula on lake huron. both properties offer unique gifts and distinct challenges. maintaining conservation lands is a prodigious responsibility but the rewards are equally great. while relatively small, nanps properties are home to a number of rare flora and fauna and we are justifiably proud of our efforts to protect them.







favourite wildflowers and shrubs













recent initiatives
flowers and food: growing edible native plants, lorraine johnsonpropagating native plants: getting your seeds to grow, stefan weber

volunteering

 
nanps is a volunteer-operated organization. virtually everything we achieve is through the efforts of volunteers. the more assistance offered by our members, the more we can accomplish together.  if you have some time to give...even just occasionally...you can help. read more...

nanps seed exchange

the 2023 - 2024 seedex  list is available for viewing at native plant seed exchange!

the nanps seed exchange is open to all members across the continent and relies on your participation.  if you are not yet a member, you may join online now or include your membership form with your seed request....read more








home
contact
official privacy policy
 

copyright  © 2017 nanps.org. all rights reserved.
powered by: nature.


































