





drfeezell.com – music, photos, poetry, and ponderings by mark feezell






















































searchsearch






drfeezell.comaboutmusicphotospoetryponderingsprivacy and contact












drfeezell.com

welcome! if you’re new here, start with why this tree? or about.
you can also go right to my music, photos, poetry, or ponderings.


music


rock of ages (string quartet)december 6, 2024
just as i am (string quartet)december 6, 2024
fairest lord jesus (string quartet)december 6, 2024
christmas carols, volume 2 (band or orchestra)december 6, 2024
christmas carols, volume 1 (band or orchestra with optional choir)december 6, 2024

more music…


photos













 more photos…


poetry




courtyard


apr 6, 2024
in poetry, uncollected



somnolescence: soundly sacked in standing stench of sickled soul,searing secret sickness cited silently.seeming solitude.site of solace: a central safe of sacred safety,sullied sins swept soundly seaward.second singing: savior, certainly sanctioning, soliloquy. composed october 20, 2003… read more…




the teacher


apr 6, 2024
in poetry, uncollected



the sunlight is not shy today.it runs across the leavesblown cold from limbs now dark with knowledge;dust they are.a bird hesitated, left to remain,bathes in summer memory.one leaf blown cold across the silver skyon wings… read more…




more poetry…


ponderings




eleven minas


jan 8, 2025
in ponderings, stories



my younger son is autistic, which can make church a unique experience at times. if the speaker during the service says, “let’s read psalms 23,” he will groan out loud—so people can hear around us.… read more…




surprised by hesed


nov 6, 2024
in musings, ponderings



surprised by hesed is a book by mark feezell released to the public domain in early november 2024. if you are hurting, know someone who is, or just want to learn more about the love… read more…




more ponderings…




drfeezell.com
about | privacy | designed with wordpress 








