




cross timbers arabians and pintos- pinto arabian, half-arabian, paint arabian horses ,for sale, stallions, texas,usa










































































































5 month old tri-color pintabian colt - 
                    custom taylored cta 





 cross timbers 
                    arabians and pintos is a small pinto arabian horse breeding 
                    farm located in the dallas/ftworth metroplex of texas. we 
                    are focused on producing quality rather than quantity and 
                    therefore produce only 2 or 3 pinto and arabian foals each 
                    year. 

                    our goal is to consistently produce horses with great dispositions; 
                    a sport horse with athletic ability to perform under saddle; versatility for 
                    halter, western or english; combined with the arabian type 
                    in the tobiano colors of the pinto arabian or the beautiful   bay, white  (grey), chestnut or black arabian  horse. 

                    all our horses are expected to mature 
                    well over 15+hh, with many exceeding 14hh at 12 months of 
                    age. we utilize champion arabian bloodlines of crabbet, cmk, polish, 
                    russian and egyptian as well as paint and quarterhorse foundation lines of king p234 and leo. 




our 
                    foals are imprinted at birth. during their growth years they 
                    enjoy running on natural pasture to encourage athletic ability, 
                    natural growth and to develop common sense when exposed to 
                    new situations. combining the latter with regular handling, 
                    grooming and health care, our foals become a joy to own and 
                    train. 

                    quarter horse and arabian trainers that have started our horses 
                    under saddle have commented that our horses are exceptional 
                    for their willing dispositions, heart in the showring and 
                    athletic ability

                    our pinto arabian foals have been exported to 
                    costa rica, the united kingdom and have also won world 
                    championship titles as weanlings competing with amateur owner handlers 
                    against older horses with proven show records and professional trainer/handlers!
we stand a double homozygous for both black and tobiano apha paint ptha pinto stallion that has sired multiple world champion titled coloured pinto arabians. leo dakota gb is not only an outstanding athlete line bred to hall of famers, king p234 and leo for cutting, reining ability but he is also a natural sport horse and loves jumping and cross country eventing. 
 

 

 
                  

  

philippe guillet up
(international certified 
                      dressage, jumping, 
                    eventing riding lessons instructor)









                      kings muscateer cta
feb  2005 bay tri-colored tobiano pinto coloured arabian stallion
                      sibling to                       unanimous world champion pinto arabian stallion,
my jigsaw puzzle and his 2005 tt world champion pinto arabian sister, starlight express cta.

                      2006 champion - any breed - any type of horse- youngstock -coloured horse championships uk 
                      2006 res. champion coloured - national ahs show
                      2006 res. champion coloured - ponies uk championship show 
                      2005 ptha tt world  champion stallion at 16 weeks old - first show usa.

                      ( pictured   as a yearling and 15.2 hands tall!
                      look at the beautiful arabian eyes, head and neck on this yearling coloured stallion)

congratulations to sharon thorne, kings owner and handler! 
sharon thorne
thornleigh arabians
leigh lancashire
united kingdom
england
click here to read more about king and see online videos
                    
 

                      congratulations to cassie and dawn in riding in the
                      2008 new york city 5th avenue st. patrick's day parade!
                      dawn trained cassie under saddle herself. what a great
                      accomplishment for the youngest horse in the parade at 
                      not quite 4 years old! 

 
pinto arabian foals and horses for sale! 
                        the pictured foal  below was born on jan 11 2008. she is a tall beautiful black and white tobiano pinto arabian filly.
                        kachina sky bars cta is a full sister to multiple world champion pinto arabian filly, black chaytan cta. 


 

april 2008  beautiful tri-coloured pinto arabian foal . 
                     full sister/brother to tt world champion kings muscateer cta,
                      who was exported to england, uk as a weanling and is currently winning shows over seas! this foal will also be a full sibling to 
                      jewel of thenile cta is a true half-arabian sport horse with the tobiano tri-color pinto markings. she is pictured below at 2 months old
              . she is a natural jumper with a lot of athletic ability 
              from her paint arabian breeding.

click here to c heck out our other foals and horses for sale with online videoes.


                      we are offering for sale a champion bred 
black and white pinto arabian  mare that is 
                      a full sister to the 2006 filly pictured above as well 
                      as a full sibling to a 2007 weanling  multiple world champion black pinto arabian filly 
                      that you can see online videos and photos of on our sale pages. 

                      tri-colour pinto 63/64 arabian 2007 colt pictured above.
                      this colt will be a pintabian producer of 99+% arabian pintos when bred to arabian mares.
                      pictured at 3 weeks old.
                       we will be breeding for  full brother/sisters in the future that will be offered for sale. 

                      tri-colored pinto arabian foals for sale by our 
                      double homozygous black tobiano pinto paint stallion, 
                      a sire of multiple world champions. 
                      sale  foals will be brothers/sisters to world champion brother/sisters!
                      check out our pinto arabian foals we are expecting in 2009 and will be for sale here. 
click here to see our sales list of arabian, half- arabian, pinto arabian horses for sale. 
we also breed purebred arabian sport horses.
 
                    jumping, dressage, eventing , endurance
                    arabian sport horses that are tall, beautiful and athletic. 
see online videos of haliberry bey cta first time over the jumps.
 







 




                
            










call 
                      or email for an appointment to see our pinto, half arabian ,and arabian sport horses for sale and at stud..
                      visit our virtual barn on our sales and stallion pages- we 
                      have online movies of our horses for sale and at stud!
                      
we support the next generation of equestrians 
                      by providing special discounts for horses that will be used 
                      in 4h activities.
                      check out our equine links page where you will find more information 
                      on
                      arabian and pinto horses, bloodlines, equine article sites, 
                      great places to shop and more. 
                      visit our ring member sites for other pintos, arabians and 
                    pinto arabian horse farms. 
standing leo dakota gb, a homozygous black, homozygous tobiano black and white paint pinto stallion.
                      a sire of multiple world and international champion offspring. 
                      standing a tall exotic black egyptian the minstril bred arabian stallion -
                      tall - type - temperment with trot. 

cross 
                        timbers arabians and pintos 
                        725 estates drive 
                        copper canyon, tx. usa 75077 
                        940-241-2627 
email: 
                        ctarabians@ctarabians.com

web 
                        design - mywebshoppe.com 
  



home


the 
                            ranch


stallions


our mares


sales 
                            list 


 
                            links



faq


contact us

 


 
boarding forum

 
 
webring
blog

 


 












      
    

view 
    my guestbook
sign 
    my guestbook






paint arabian horses and foals for sale
cross timbers arabians and pintos breeding world, national and international arabian pinto, paint arabians,
    black and white tobiano pinto arabian horses.

pinto arabians for sale
    specializing in sport horses that can win the halter classes and later 
    excel in western pleasure, hunter pleasure, dressage, english, cutting and reining and endurance
    with amateur owner trainers and handlers. 

arabian cross horses and foals for sale
    we also breed and sell homozgyous black arabian and arabian cross coloured arabian sport horses. 
homozygous black arabians and black tobiano arabian pintos for sale  


 





 














