
















clark honors college | university of oregon


















      skip to main content
    













one stop


apply


visit


give




search







search this site













search




menu






clark honors college menu



admissions



admissions overview


how to apply



how to apply overview


application checklist


application timeline


essay tips & prompt


ap, ib, and transfer credits


transfer students


admissions faq





tuition


housing


visit us





financial aid & scholarships



financial aid & scholarships overview


incoming student scholarships


chc scholarships for students in their first year


chc scholarships for second and third years



chc scholarships for second and third years overview


forensics nobles scholarship





chc welcomes dreamers


emergency bridge funding


scholarships news





academics



academics overview


course offerings for academic year 2024-2025


course offerings for academic year 2023-2024


graduation requirements



graduation requirements overview


grading standards


language study


independent study credits


study abroad coursework


course substitutions


petitions





thesis project



thesis project overview


thesis project overview


roles & responsibilities


thesis project checklist


thesis writing in community


your defense term

thesis project
your defense term menu


your defense term overview


thesis evaluation criteria





thesis project faq


chc thesis and commencement awards








advising



advising overview


advising year by year


chc peer mentors


sample first term course schedules


first-generation student resources


graduation planning tools


career readiness tools & resources


withdraw from the chc





featured programs



featured programs overview


the 3+3 law degree


calderwood seminars


forensics



forensics overview


debate


mock trial


forensics news


support forensics





hands-on research


mentored research program


peer mentor program


study abroad


three minute thesis competition


chc events





faculty & staff



faculty & staff overview


core faculty


administrative staff


participating faculty


professors emerit


call for faculty fellows


call for participating faculty





alumni & friends



alumni & friends overview


advisory council


chc connections directory


update contact info


give to the clark honors college


message from the dean


the chc post newsletter



the chc post newsletter overview


student stories


faculty stories





alumni stories





about



about overview


about the dean


honors college news


alumni & friends


contact us


visit us


chc events








take action



one stop


apply


visit


give












clark honors college


 



main navigation


admissions


financial aid & scholarships


academics


advising


featured programs


faculty & staff


alumni & friends


about














home









 














where students make deep connections, drive innovative thinking, and inspire collaborationthe robert d. clark honors college offers a small, liberal arts college experience with the added benefit of a major research university and its cutting-edge faculty and facilities. our small, discussion-based class sizes – capped at 19 – allow you to develop one-on-one relationships with faculty members and learn with chc students from majors across the uo campus. at the honors college, we offer a path to involvement in hands-on research, along with access to internships and other career opportunities.




welcome to our newly admitted students!you'll find our checklist and new students events calendar helpful. resources for new studentsnew graduation info for chc class of 2025find dates, forms, and frequently asked questions about chc's celebration here.chc graduation celebration 2025we care about your health and wellbeing.if you need help with physical, mental, or holistic health, we are here for you. university health services





 









join the honors college and make a difference in the worldas you work toward a degree, gain the knowledge and hands-on experience that will help you make an immediate impact in your area of study. at chc, you’ll have access to award-winning faculty, the opportunity to conduct state-of-the-art research in a lab, and interact with a network of alumni across a variety of disciplines.how to applyvisit usfinancial aid & scholarships




by the numbers 100percent of classes taught by faculty members, not graduate students15average class size for clark honors college courses92percent of students at clark honors college who get financial aid





 









what we offerour discussion-based, interdisciplinary coursework is designed to help you become a critical thinker, improve your writing, expand your communication skills, and allow you to dive into research that will solve some of the world’s biggest issues.coursescore facultyfeatured programs





 









how it workstake a look at the clark honors college curriculum. see how coursework created by award-winning faculty puts you on the cutting edge of knowledge, research and other scholarly opportunities. did we mention you also get priority in registering for classes?the chc curriculum
 









advisingwe know college is not a journey you take alone. everyone deserves the necessary support and guidance to reach their goals. our academic and faculty advisors work closely with all students to build strong foundations and bright futures.chc advising





 









clark honors college student named rhodes scholar in 2024last year, nayantara arora (chc class of 2024) became uo's first rhodes scholar since 2007.read her story
 









two chc students named 2025 rhodes scholar finalistsseniors oliver loreto (left) and charles petrik interviewed for the prestigious scholarships recently.read their stories





 









the thesisall clark honors college students complete a thesis project that allows them to conduct independent research, use critical thinking and communication skills developed through coursework, solve problems, and build a substantial portfolio of work.plan your thesis





 









from the dean"if you love a challenge, you'll feel right at home in the honors college. we bring together high-achieving students, award-winning faculty, and dedicated staff to tackle some of the world's most complex issues. and together, we create solutions. join us. we're the place for students who want to learn and lead."- carol a. stabilemeet the dean




chc events





clark honors college craft club



feb19


clark honors college craft club
feb 19

new residence hall






community action team "cat" planning meeting



feb25


community action team "cat" planning meeting
feb 25

new residence hall






clark honors college craft club



feb26


clark honors college craft club
feb 26

new residence hall






do good, work local: impactful career pathways



mar4


do good, work local: impactful career pathways
mar 4









more chc events 




chc in the news






january 31, 2025
alumni spotlight: oliver loretorecent clark honors college graduate oliver loreto has a number of passions, but his knack for creativity in bioengineering takes the cake.





january 31, 2025
student spotlight: olivia blackchc senior olivia black has always thrived when it comes to learning outside a traditional classroom. as she prepares to start a career in education, she wants to provide others with the opportunities she had in her life.





january 31, 2025
alumni spotlight: nika bartoo-smithnika bartoo-smith, a 2022 clark honors college journalism major, shares stories of the lives of indigenous people in the northwest. as a reporter, bartoo-smith has a personal connection to the stories she covers. and she’s not hiding it.





january 31, 2025
study abroad feature: tapping the pulse of west africachc instructor of natural sciences jean faye leads a summer trip to the heart of civilization that focuses on how a world leader addresses climate change, economic development and sustainability issues.


more chc stories





 









alumni and friendswith more than 3,500 alumni, the chc community is continually expanding. we encourage alumni, family, and friends to stay involved with the honors college. connect with students through internships and mentoring opportunities, keep in touch with faculty and classmates, and stay up to date on chc developments. your participation and support are crucial to our success.connect with us
















clark honors collegechc eventsalumniabout the honors collegefaculty opportunitiesinvest in chcnewsletter sign-upcampus toolsuomailcanvasduckwebone stop student resourceswinter term datesacademic calendarchapman hallwinter term hours:8 a.m. - 5 p.m., monday - friday visit us    view this profile on instagram           robert d. clark honors college (@uohonors) • instagram photos and videos




robert d. clark honors college

1293 university of oregon eugene,     or  97403-1293 
p: 541-346-5414 f: 541-346-0125 



contact us honors@uoregon.edu









 



 













report a concern
nondiscrimination and title ix
accessibility
privacy policy
careers
about
find people



©
university of oregon.
          
all rights reserved.











