free wi-fi hotspots wifi cafes coffee shops hotels airports rv parks  a wi-fi-freespot™ is a location that offers free wi-fi high speed wireless internet access to their customers and guests and/or the general public. whether you're a local resident or a business or vacation traveler just passing by, the wi-fi-freespot™ directory will help you find all types of free wi-fi locations that are open to the general public, customers or guests. adventure rv has one of the
largest selections of rv
parts, rv
accessories, rv supplies, and towing
accessories!   "wi-fi" is a registered certification mark of the wi-fi alliance. for more information about the wi-fi alliance and its certification programs for 802.11-based products and services, please visit www.wi-fi.com   the wi-fi-freespot™ directory is a listing of locations that offer free wi-fi. usa state-by-state listings come first with europe and other regions of the world listed further down the page.  in addition to the main state-by-state listings below there are several specialty listing pages. large companies (like panera bread, barnes & noble, starbucks, krystal, fedex office, greggs (uk) and mcdonald's (usa, canada and uk)) have multiple locations with free wi-fi. you can use each company's web site's location search feature to find a location near you or where you'll be travelling.airports with free wi-fithousands of hotels ,motels, inns and resorts who are members of international, national and regional chains ( like, hampton inn, marriott, hilton, etc. ) around the world offer free wi-fi. use their web site's locations feature to search in your destination's area. rv parks and campgrounds with free wi-fivacation rental properties with free wi-fi for renters  the state pages listed below have an alphabetical listing of cities and towns. publicly accessible locations like cafes, restaurants, etc. are listed first and hotels, inns and other accommodation type listings are at the end of the free wi-fi location listings. whenever possible, it's best to contact a listed location to verify access in advance of a visit.  alabamaalaskaarizonaarkansascaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdelawaredistrict of columbiafloridageorgiahawaiiidahoillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemarylandmassachusettsmichiganminnesotamississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotaohiooklahomaoregonpennsylvaniarhode islandsouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasutahvermontvirginiawashingtonwest virginiawisconsinwyomingeuropecanadacaribbean, mexico, central and south americathe middle east and africaasiaaustralia, new zealand and the south pacific   to view a state's road map to look for other nearby towns/cities that are in your search for free wi-fi's targeted area go to mapquest's state maps. after you find a free wi-fi listing in this directory input the address info you find into google maps or mapquest to find a map of the location. links to location web sites will open in a new browser window. this window will remain open. attention bus travelers! megabus (east coast and mid-west) and boltbus (dc to boston) offer free wi-fi on their usa routes. greyhound has free wi-fi on limited routes from nyc and dc. amtrak's acela express trains between boston and washington have free wi-fi. the gate areas in the stations along the way also have free wi-fi. amtrak's cascades line has free wi-fi from vancouver, b.c. to eugene, or, and on the capitol corridor and san joaquins route and now on northeast regional trains, the most popular amtrak service, which operates daily between virginia and boston, and the heavily traveled empire service (new york - albany - buffalo) and keystone service (new york - philadelphia - harrisburg, pa.) other routes now with wifi include: carolinian (new york - raleigh/cary, n.c.), downeaster (boston - portland), ethan allen express (new york - rutland, vt.), the new haven - springfield shuttle and vermonter (washington - st. albans, vt.) and in select cars marked with hotspot window stickers because these trains are made up of different types of equipment: adirondack (new york - montreal), maple leaf (new york - toronto), palmetto (new york - savannah, ga.), and pennsylvanian (new york - philadelphia - pittsburgh.)   the site and the content of the site are the property of the wi-fi-freespot directory and are protected by applicable copyright laws. the site and its content may be viewed, printed and downloaded for non-commercial personal use only. any copying or republishing of the content for commercial purposes is not permitted without written consent of the wi-fi-freespot directory. the wi-fi-freespot directory provides links to other world wide web sites or resources that are beyond our control. we make no representations as to the quality, suitability, functionality or legality of any sites to which links may be provided. in addition, we make no representations as to the quality and functionality of the wi-fi service available at any location listed in the wi-fi-freespot directory. privacy policy 