


century 21 new zealand | real estate agents, property & houses for sale

             










 







 

                     new zealand   







 





                                c21 househunter loginsign up


global





  buy   buying    find properties for sale  search properties for sale  open for inspection  upcoming auctions  fine homes  commercial / industrial  rural property  business   buying with century 21  methods of sale  looking for a home  buying a home  securing your purchase and beyond   international real estate         sell   selling    request an appraisal  sold properties  the selling process  first steps  marketing plan  property negotiation  completing the sale   instant property report         rent   renting    find properties for rent  properties for rent  open for inspection   property investors  request a rental appraisal   tenant resources  repair request         projects   projects    projects for sale  new homes and land packages         news   news and social media    century 21 property news  century 21 market pulse  social media  charles tarbey podcast         century 21 announces appointment of new chief executive officer  company news         alive in ’25 or thrive in ’25? charting new zealand’s…  company news         global real estate brand century 21 continues to expand in new…  company news         company   about century 21 new zealand    learn more about us  about century 21  our leadership  our culture  our platform  meet our team   joining century 21  our brand  growth  support  faq  testimonials   careers  available jobs  awards program  job descriptions  faq   client login  contact us         century 21 announces appointment of new chief executive officer  company news         alive in ’25 or thrive in ’25? charting new zealand’s…  company news         global real estate brand century 21 continues to expand in new…  company news         our agents  our offices  instant property report  choosing a lawyer 
≡









            we’ll help you find a newplace to call home.
        



buying
renting
recent sales
find offices
find agents


 search c21











how much is your home really worth?
interested in obtaining an up-to-date opinion of your home's current market value?
century 21 offices are filled with capable and hardworking real estate agents who would love nothing more than to dazzle you with their local knowledge and expertise.
enter your address below to get started!




what kind of appraisal would you like?
appraisal of my property's selling price
appraisal of my property's rental price

get started

     








 financial  financial  

            we can help you get the best deal from a range of lenders including large banks, key regional banks, credit unions and non-bank lenders. no stress, no fuss.
        

            save on a loan now
        





            latest real estate market news & advice
        


     century 21 announces appointment of new chief executive officer   february 11th cecilia terry-owens   read story
    

     2025: rising confidence and fresh opportunities in the new…  february 6th cecilia terry-owens   a positive start to 2025
the new year brings with it a wave of optimism.   read story
        alive in ’25 or thrive in ’25? charting new zealand’s…  january 13th julius capilitan   as we prepare to welcome 2025, it’s time to reflect on the changes we’ve seen in new zealand’s economic landscape and how...   read story
        choosing kitchen cabinets  november 26th cecilia terry-owens   choosing your kitchen cabinets is a key decision when designing or renovating your kitchen.   read story
   









quality real estate for sale – from aka aka to woodville
if you're looking for properties and houses for sale in new zealand, century 21 has a broad selection to suit all budgets. our highly experienced real estate agents have been assisting the people of new zealand to find beautiful properties and homes for sale since 1994. we take the quality of our customer service extremely seriously and will always strive to make your search for the perfect property as seamless as possible. whatever kind of dream property you have in mind, century 21 has many stunning options to choose from across new zealand. if you'd like to speak to one of our friendly real estate salespeople about houses and property for sale or rent in new zealand, contact your local century 21 office today. alternatively, you can simply visit our real estate page and search for properties and homes for sale yourself. find your local c21 office 








signing up to househunter only takes a few seconds
  are you looking for a simple and convenient way to find a property without all the hard work? at century 21, we've developed our househunter service to search for your ideal property when you're not around and then email you as soon as one's been found. it couldn't be easier than with our househunter. to take advantage of our automated househunter, all you need to do is sign up and set your property and location preferences by saving a property search. we'll do the hard work for you. if you'd like to speak to a friendly member of our team at century 21 about our househunter service or anything else, please contact your local century 21 branch now. sign up now 









follow us

  
our newsletter: c21 market pulse

 
subscribe










century 21 new zealand

learn more about us
joining century 21
careers
client login
contact us












disclaimer
complaints
professional conduct and client care
privacy policy



copyright © 2025. all rights reserved.each century 21 office is independently owned and operated.

real estate website by push creative








×

buy

find properties for sale

search properties for sale

open for inspection

upcoming auctions

fine homes

commercial / industrial

rural property

business


buying with century 21

methods of sale

looking for a home

buying a home

securing your purchase and beyond


international real estate


sell

request an appraisal

sold properties

the selling process

first steps

marketing plan

property negotiation

completing the sale


instant property report


rent

find properties for rent

properties for rent

open for inspection


property investors

request a rental appraisal


tenant resources

repair request




projects

projects for sale

new homes and land packages


news

century 21 property news

century 21 market pulse

social media

charles tarbey podcast


company

learn more about us

about century 21

our leadership

our culture

our platform

meet our team


joining century 21

our brand

growth

support

faq

testimonials


careers

available jobs

awards program

job descriptions

faq


client login

contact us


our agents

our offices

instant property report

choosing a lawyer
 


  

find your c21
request appraisal











