




hideaways international: luxury hotels, cruises; vacation rentals; luxury travel, hideaways' official site; luxury travel experts since '79; best deals/perks at top hotels, resorts, cruises; vacation rentals; planning; travel agents, accommodations, first class international travel - hideaways aficionado®
















































know more. get more. travel 
                  better.
   

* hideaways aficionado club is a registered trademark of hideaways international, inc.
copyright © 2021 hideaways international, inc.
all rights reserved






contact our travel experts
our consultants can help you with customized 
          travel planning.
          
email, or call 800-843-4433. 












 
 






toggle navigation




hideaways afficionado club




explore 



search recommended lodgings 


search recommended cruises & tours 


lodging & destination reports (members only)

hideaways collection perks

luxury travel deals 




resources & planning 



hideaways travel services 


savings with travel partners

travel gear & products

download hideaways life newsletter

lodging & destination reports

useful travel apps



about us 



about hideaways club benefits & services 


about the hideaways collection 


faqs

contact us 




join the club


login/account 



login

manage subscriptions

update travel preferences 


my account info






 some string here

































 




































 

 

travel in the know
hideaways life®, our members newsletter gives you candid, first-hand reports on great vacation destinations, hotel and resort finds, the best cruises, vacation home and villa rentals, and unique adventure tours. free: download a recent issue.


travel in vip styleroom upgrades, discounts on luxury travel, and complimentary perks and privileges that we've negotiated just for you at many of the world's best hotels, resorts and cruise lines.
  


travel confidently  we're here to help you with all your special travel—a honeymoon, romantic retreat, family vacation or cruise, and all your international travel—trips that must go right. our travel experts are personable too; great at handholding through all the details.






never, never vacation like the masses!


you’re not the average traveler, so  why accept the average vacation, or go-it-alone vacation planning. you’re  looking for that something special, a place that speaks to you, for experiences  that give you bragging rights at your next get-together with friends, and for  memories that last a lifetime.
you’ve  come to the right place!
  at the hideaways aficionado® club, we’ve been helping savvy and discerning  travelers like you plan their luxury travels around the world since 1979. our  specialties; boutique hotels and resorts, villa and vacation rentals, luxury  small-ship cruises, and soft adventure vacations. whether it’s for a family  travel or a romantic holiday, we’re all about great locations, architecture and  design that convey a sense of place, intriguing décor, and most of all  world-class service.
the difference between us and others?
  we inspect and  experience the places, hotels, resorts, cruises, and experiences we recommend.  we travel extensively to do this and have a worldwide network of trusted  contacts—“friends of hideaways”--always  on the lookout for the world’s hidden gems. we understand the luxury  traveler and your special needs. we believe in service and providing friendly,  expert hands-on planning.


your vacation time is valuable. make the most of it!as a hideaways aficionado club member, you won't waste your time sifting through sketchy information and unreliable reviews on ordinary online travel sites. count on us, to steer you to the world's real gems. we're your one-stop for finding and planning all your luxury travel. 
learn more about hideaways club benefits & services 









































rent 
          your car: 
          insure your trip: 
          send your luggage ahead: 







top 
              vacations
share
contact
get help







italian villas
luxury cruises



  767 islington st., portsmouth, nh 03801

get help from member services



caribbean
asia 
                hotels

  tf: 800-843-4433 / us: 603-430-4433


paris, 
                france
vacation homes for rent

  fax: 603-430-4444


hawaii
european vacation


  ms@hideaways.com







terms
press
careers
advertise











            * hideaways aficionado club is a registered trademark of hideaways international, inc. 
            copyright © 2021 hideaways international, inc.
            all rights reserved







