






larims | los angeles risk insurance management society
























members login  		   

home

home
president message
board members
photo gallery

contact us


events

event schedule
event calendar

services

education
community update
disaster preparedness
related links

about us

mission statement
member classes
list of members


apply now
by-laws

benefits

career center

job bank
post a job

newsletter

current newsletter
newsletters archive

sponsors

current sponsors
become a sponsor








los angeles chapter of risk and insurance management society

 
   
		  


  




next meeting
february 19th, 2025"risk manager roundtable & tour" 

news items

understanding algorithmic disgorgement risks of ai-based toolscompanies are spending heavily on artificial intelligence to leverage the range of business benefits the technology promises to deliver, but experts now warn that such investments may be at serious risk from regulators over the potential misuse of consumer data. read more >>business leaders lack confidence in emerging risk resilienceaccording to a recent survey by wtw, only half of key decision-makers and the teams supporting them are confident that their organization's approach enables it to respond to today's risk environment.read more >>2025 insurance industry predictionswhat is in store for the insurance industry in 2025? below, attorneys from insurance law firm clyde & co. share their top concerns and what organizations should keep in mind heading into the new year.read more >>developing a risk-based approach to workplace well-beingtraditional risk management often focuses on financial, operational and compliance issues. however, overlooking the risks associated with employee well-being can undermine even the best-laid business strategies.read more >> 
view more >>


photo gallery
'holiday party' - december 5th, 2024



president's message

cristian iglesias
			president
		  

		  dear la rims members,

happy new year!  as we step into 2025, i am thrilled to reflect on the incredible successes we shared in 2024 and look forward to an even more impactful year ahead. your participation, enthusiasm, and support have truly made la rims a thriving community for risk management professionals.

2024 was a great year for our chapter. our signature events--the golf tournament, summer mixer, and holiday party--were not only well-attended but also celebrated as opportunities to strengthen our professional and personal connections. these events continue to embody the spirit of collaboration and camaraderie that defines la rims.

beyond these highlights, our commitment to professional development remained strong. we hosted engaging educational events, like our sports and entertainment risk manager panel and dynamic risk manager roundtables that provided invaluable insights and fostered meaningful discussions. these programs underscore our dedication to equipping members with the tools and knowledge to navigate the evolving landscape of risk management.

we also ventured outdoors with our hikes and biking events, expanding our reach through networking events in collaboration with rising risk professionals (rrp) and hirma. these activities have reinforced the importance of building connections in diverse and enriching settings, adding a fresh dimension to our chapter's programming.

i want to take a moment to extend my sincere gratitude to scott ritto for his outstanding leadership and countless contributions over the last few years as chapter president. scott's dedication has been instrumental in guiding the la rims chapter, and we are deeply appreciative of his efforts.

additionally, i want to thank the la rims board of directors for their unwavering support and hard work. your commitment to our mission is the foundation of our success and i'm honored to serve with you. i'm also delighted to welcome our new board members, deanna de armas and kathryn christiansen from the walt disney co. we are excited to have you join us and look forward to your valuable contributions.

as we move forward into 2025, we are excited to continue with great programming while exploring new opportunities to engage, educate, and inspire. also, mark your calendars for upcoming events, including riskworld 2025 in chicago (may 4th-7th) and the western regional rims conference in santa clara, ca (oct.1st-3rd). these conferences promise to be exceptional opportunities for learning, networking, and professional growth.

your involvement will be crucial in making this another successful year. the la rims chapter could not provide these quality events without the support of our professional and associate members, through both the membership and event specific fees, and most importantly, through the generous sponsorship of our events. we couldn't do it without you!
<		  

read more >>







 related pages: 
la rims homepresident messageboard membersphoto gallerycontact us 







upcoming events:
february 19th, 2025risk manager roundtable & tourfebruary 27th, 2025la rims & hirma panel discussionmarch 19th, 2025la rims/rrp happy hour socialapril 16th, 2025virtual meeting webinarjune 5th, 2025la rims golf tournamentjuly 16th, 2025la rims/cpcu meetingview calendar >> 
la rims thank our sponsorsplatinum:                     
become a 2025 sponsor


 
 

  


		(818) 843-2245 po box 10065 burbank, ca 91510
		copyright ©2002-2025 los angeles chapter. all rights reserved   


 


