




gainesville fl insurance website management | insurance website services


















              can you find your current website on the first page of search results at google, bing, yahoo, and facebook? is your website google compliant



              for cell phone users? if not, let us quote you on a professionally designed website functional for desktop computer, laptop computer, tablet


              computer, smart phone, and cell phone users that will bring your insurance agency new business! a website with online insurance quote forms that


              instantly forward lead information to you! your insurance agency can truly begin competing and winning your areas internet insurance shoppers


              business.










              do you have a single website page provided by an insurance company? someone must first visit their website, input data pertaining to your area



              and then they receive a list of agents that includes you and your nearest, often times numerous same insurer competitors. you should be


              competing with other insurance agents, both captive insurance agents, and independent insurance agents in your area for the insurance leads that


              can best be generated with your own up to date and full featured insurance website for today's more mobile online internet insurance shopper.










              it's time to shift more of your advertising dollars to the internet!










              or do you want to add your insurance agency to the internet for the first time, but think it will cost too much or that your agency is too small for a



              website? if you want to receive exclusive insurance leads from your areas internet insurance shoppers then give us a call and we will explain how


              affordable we make it for insurance agencies of all sizes to take part in the #1 lead producing outlet for insurance...the internet.










              we get your website listed with the most important internet search engines. websites such as google.com, bing.com, facebook.com, and


              yahoo.com. this is crucial to the success of your website because over 90% of all searches for insurance services are done on these websites


              or other websites that use their search engine results. we regularly evaluate, add to, and optimize your website to create the best search engine


              results. that means leads!











              we have website content produced for all of the insurance coverage your insurance agency offers. proven successful insurance coverage


              content that google, bing, yahoo, and facebook will rank on the first two pages of search results for dozens of search terms dealing with the


              insurance coverage you offer your city, county, and multi-county area.










              our affordable website design and search engine optimization techniques produce successful insurance agency websites. whether you have a


              small agency offering a few insurance services or a full-service and long established agency, insurance website services offers an experienced


              track record of over 18 years of producing successful lead generating websites for insurance agencies of all sizes nationwide. contact us today


              at (352) 327-0333 for a website construction quote and to ask any questions about our insurance website services tailored exclusively to


              insurance agents.






© 2002,
      oasisearth internet group,
      all rights reserved
    





              is your business focused on building websites only for insurance agents? yes



              how long have you been in business? since 2002



              are you full-service? yes



              do you require a contract? no - never have and never will!











              are your clients websites listed in the first two pages of search results at google, bing, yahoo, and facebook for the insurance
              coverage offered on their website? absolutely!!











              will you provide ssl secure online insurance coverage quote request forms with up to 256 bit encryption? yes



              will all of my website pages be ssl protected? yes



              will my email accounts be spam protected? yes











              will my insurance agency website be optimized for all users, including tablet and cell phone users? yes











              will your google friendly insurance coverage content be regularly updated and expanded? yes











              can you post insurance related content regularly to our facebook, twitter, linkedin, and youtube, social media accounts?


              absolutely!! our other business, social media insurance agent services (socialmedia4insurance.com) does that.











              oasisearth internet group



              insurancewebsiteservices.com










              140 sw 128th street #307


              newberry, florida 32669










              insurance










              website services










              websites built for $595 to $795 - size determines cost (one-time cost)










              facebook, google+, twitter, linkedin, and youtube insurance content posting services (addtional cost)










              full-service website management services - only $95 per month ( no contract! )











              our service facts










              website updates










              your questions answered










              website hosting










              ssl encryption security license for all pages of your website, not just the quote forms










              search engine optimization for google, bing, yahoo, facebook, and the others (not just once, but ongoing regular updating)











              functional for desktop, tablet, and cell phone internet users (google compliant)










              email / webmail with spam blocking










              prepared insurance coverage content that google ranks highly










              quote forms that instantly forward website users lead information to you

















              more info














              how will our insurance website management generate internet based insurance leads?











              privacy statement












              disclaimer / legal












              site map












              website services












              website service plans pricing












              insurance website designs












              insurance quote forms












              social media insurance agent services




              facebook, twitter, linkedin, and youtube












              search engine optimization (seo)












              cell phone version / mobile











              home











              about insurance website services












              contact insurance website services












              independent insurance agent website services












              captive insurance agent website services












              faq












              ssl security website license












              more info












              pay-per-click management services












              insurance website refresh designs











              call us today!










              call us today!











              see our google & bing results












              price your website












              google & bing results











              (352) 327-0333










              (352) 327-0333











              more info












              see our google & bing results












              email / webmail












              more info











              (352) 327-0333











              price your website












              more info











              website builder for your insurance agency!










              it's time to commit more of your


              advertising dollars to the internet!










              social media websites such as facebook, linkedin, twitter, and youtube are powerful, positive ways to spread the word about your


              insurance agency, to interact with clients and potential clients, and to improve the search engine rankings of your website. and that can help


              produce more online leads for your insurance agency.





              because our focus the last 18 years has been the insurance agent, agents like yourself can receive the advantage of our insurance knowledge


              and experience posting brief insurance information in easy to understand terms. helpful information that will be of value to your facebook


              followers and other social media contacts.





              you have enough to do without using your time writing content for facebook and your other social media pages. we offer experienced and


              affordable posting services for your insurance agency's social media accounts.





              for only $79 per month we post twice weekly to 5 of your social media accounts. other pricing options available if you choose to have less social


              media accounts, including $59 per month for facebook only. we send an email once a month for you to pre-approve the content.










              visit our new business focused on making your insurance agency more competitive in social media such as facebook, twitter,


              linkedin, and youtube. click the link below!











              socialmedia4insurance.com






























































