




online education degree programs | university of phoenix 
































skip to main content
skip to bottom
skip to chat, email, text























search for programs and more









quick links

programs

 courses

 tuition

 how to enroll

 career services





close





844-937-8679


login





login




login







go to myphoenix


return to my application


my saved programs


log out


















online degrees & coursesdegrees & courses




admissions & tuitionadmissions




tools & supporttools




aboutabout













request info
apply now


finish enrollment tasks
student portal










search for programs and more









quick links

programs

 courses

 tuition

 how to enroll

 career services





close




844-937-8679




menu















behavioral sciences


business


criminal justice


education


healthcare


information technology


liberal arts


nursing


psychology


take a single course












see all behavioral sciences degrees
bachelor's degrees in human services
bachelor's degree in social work
master's degrees in counseling
courses in behavioral sciences

















exceptional flexibility


        i would not be able to go back to school if it were not for the fact that i can sign in at my convenience to complete my assignments."
    

deann b.



        i would not be able to go back to school if it were not for the fact that i can sign in at my convenience to complete my assignments."
    






















see all business degrees
bachelor's degrees in business
master's degrees in business
mba – competency-based
doctoral degrees in business
associate degrees in business
certificates in business
courses in business

















save time and money


        i love being a phoenix – i feel that everything that i have learned has either enhanced my life or my career, and it is well worth the time and expense."
    

hilda j.



        i love being a phoenix – i feel that everything that i have learned has either enhanced my life or my career, and it is well worth the time and expense."
    






















see all criminal justice degrees
bachelor's degrees in criminal justice
bachelor's degree in public administration
master's degrees in criminal justice
master's degree in public administration
associate degrees in criminal justice
courses in criminal justice

















exceptional flexibility


        the hours of study are very flexible; faculty are very attentive."
    

kamontip t.



        the hours of study are very flexible; faculty are very attentive."
    






















see all education degrees
bachelor's degrees in education
master's degrees in education
doctoral degrees in education
certificates in education
continuing teacher education courses

















exceptional flexibility


        university of phoenix is a terrific online school choice for those who have a busy life, but still want to pursue their career."
    

kamontip t.



        university of phoenix is a terrific online school choice for those who have a busy life, but still want to pursue their career."
    






















see all healthcare degrees
bachelor's degrees in health administration & management
health management – direct-assessment 
master's degrees in healthcare
health administration – competency-based 
doctoral degrees in health administration
certificates in healthcare
courses in healthcare

















exceptional flexibility


        the workload is manageable for working adults who want to enhance their careers, but don’t have the time to attend classes in person."
    

rebecca n.



        the workload is manageable for working adults who want to enhance their careers, but don’t have the time to attend classes in person."
    






















see all information technology degrees
bachelor's degrees in information technology
information technology – direct-assessment
master's degrees in information technology
information systems – competency-based
associate degrees in information technology
certificates in information technology
courses in information technology

















career-relevant education


        university of phoenix offers ease of access to classes, and a program without added fluff, so you take the classes relevant to the career you are pursuing."
    

mandy g.



        university of phoenix offers ease of access to classes, and a program without added fluff, so you take the classes relevant to the career you are pursuing."
    






















see all liberal arts degrees
bachelor's degrees in liberal arts
courses in general education
why general education?

















career-relevant education


        i have already learned some great new skills that are directly applicable to my career and my personal life."
    

nathan w.



        i have already learned some great new skills that are directly applicable to my career and my personal life."
    






















see all nursing degrees
bachelor's degrees in nursing
nursing – competency-based
master's degrees in nursing
doctoral degrees in nursing
courses in nursing

















career-relevant education


        i thoroughly enjoy the online platform and each instructor has been amazing.”
    

chersten a.



        i thoroughly enjoy the online platform and each instructor has been amazing.”
    






















see all psychology degrees
bachelor's degrees in psychology
master's degrees in psychology
psychology – direct-assessment
courses in psychology

















balance work, life and school


        as a busy mom this school is the perfect match for me."
    

gladys l.



        as a busy mom this school is the perfect match for me."
    






















accounting
behavioral sciences
business
business management
communication & languages
counseling
criminal justice
cybersecurity
data analytics
digital marketing
finance
general education
continuing teacher education






healthcare
humanities
information technology
leadership
marketing
math
nursing
programming
project management
psychology
public administration
sciences
professional development

























admissions

admissions requirements
upcoming start dates





tuition & financial aid

tuition overview
financial aid
financial aid faq
student loan repayment











ways to save

savings explorer® tool
scholarships
transfer credits
work & life experience
employer tuition benefits
financial literacy & wellness center























        try our savings explorer® tool
        





students with eligible credits and relevant experience on average saved $11k and 1 year off their undergraduate degree with university of phoenix.




















resources

student resources
articles
webinars
research hub





tools

find your program
online course catalog
savings explorer® tool











career support

career guides
career services
career-relevant skills























        find your employer
        





















about us

our university
accreditation
our mission & values
our people
our impact
reviews











student life

life as a phoenix
military
blog
alumni























        get started
        














see all programs
see all courses
find your program

















































online education degrees












































grow your talent to teach

our online education degrees develop skills so you can individualize instruction for students, maintain educational standards and innovate your lesson plans with the latest technology. whether you are a teacher or administrator, take the next step to provide the best education for future generations. 
learn more about the online bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees in education at university of phoenix.






















let's get started





        request info
        






        apply now
        



































program finder











































why earn your education degree with us?




balance it all by taking one course at a time. learn from instructors who average 28+ years of professional experience. and get support from our program support specialist that can help you navigate teacher or principal licensure and credentialing requirements.

















save time and money
you’ll have opportunities to apply to have transfer eligible credits from a prior institution, potentially shortening your time to completion and saving you money.





        learn about transfer credits 
        


















affordable, fixed tuition  
we’ve lowered tuition and locked it in for the duration of your online education degree program. so, you can count on your tuition to be as dependable as your education.





        see our tuition guarantee pledge™
        


















get the support you need  
as a college of education student, you’ll have access to resources that explain professional expectations, clinical experiences, clinical practice, internships, edtpa and much more.





        visit coe central
        





































earn career-relevant skills in weeks – not years




get value from your education before you even graduate. update your professional profile with learned skills when you complete every 5- or 6-week course in our associate, bachelor's and master's programs.





        learn more
        















































meet your college deans




our college deans focus on developing a career-relevant curriculum. they bring industry experience to the classroom and lead a faculty of academic professionals with one goal in mind—to help you earn the skills you need to pursue your career.







































pamela roggeman, edd
dean, college of education













        learn more
        






































ashley bartley, maed
associate dean, college of education













        learn more
        






































lisa ghormley, med
associate dean, college of education













        learn more
        















































        i kept working during the day and took one class at a time. i had a great experience.”
    

martha gutierrez flores.
master of arts in education (2018), university of phoenix



        i kept working during the day and took one class at a time. i had a great experience.”
    





































how to apply




we're with you every step of the way




set your goals




select your education degree, course or certificate.




begin online application




complete your application on your own or with the help of an enrollment representative.




start school




register for class and get ready for the first day of school.













        request info
        










        apply now
        










































frequently asked questions











expand all
collapse all







can you earn a teaching degree online?









yes, we have several online education degrees that lead to teacher licensure. our licensure programs are robust and require field work in a school setting starting early with key coursework and continuing throughout. our programs conclude with a clinical placement where student teaching is completed. 
 











which education degree programs will help me become an elementary school teacher?










we offer three degrees designed to prepare you to become an elementary school teacher. if you haven’t already earned a bachelor’s degree, we offer the bachelor of science/elementary teacher education and bachelor of science in liberal studies (california students only). if you already have a bachelor’s degree in a field outside of education, you can enroll in our master of arts in education/elementary teacher education program.












are education degrees from university of phoenix accredited?










in addition to our institutional accreditation, select education degree programs leading to licensure have specific state or programmatic accreditation.   see all accreditations.












why should i pursue an advanced degree in education?










a master’s degree may help prepare you for leadership opportunities in your school. gain skills to shape curriculum with our master of arts in education/curriculum and instruction. or prepare for principal licensure with our master of arts in education/administration and supervision.
our doctor of education prepares you to use analytical, critical, and innovative thinking to improve performance and solve complex problems in education (this program does not lead to any educational licensure or certification).












how will i know what is required in my state to secure my teaching license?










requirements for teacher and principal licensure vary by state. view your specific state’s teacher licensure requirements and principal licensure requirements



































                        teacher certifications and requirements
                      


                       online degrees
                    
november 14, 2023 • 5 minutes













                        teaching k–12 in rural vs urban schools
                      


                       online degrees
                    
october 25, 2023 • 9 minutes













                        how to become an esl teacher: a guide
                      


                       online degrees
                    
october 12, 2023 • 8 minutes





























*while widely available, not all programs are available to residents of all states. please check with a university enrollment representative.





















































start a conversation about your future with an enrollment representative today.

















        call 844-937-8679
        














        start chatting
        



































































request info




apply now




finish enrollment tasks




student portal



















academics
academics




all programs
bachelor’s degrees
master’s degrees
competency-based degrees
doctorate degrees
associate degrees
certificates
all courses
academic catalog









our university
our university




about us
mission & values
accreditation & licensures
academic annual report
university leadership
career institute
campus locations









policies & disclosures
policies & disclosures




accessibility
ca bppe website
cares act heerf
code of ethics
campus safety
regulatory information
title ix information
consumer information guide
change in ownership notice









become a phoenix
become a phoenix




returning students
international students
military students
transfer students







support
support




contact us
disability services
student complaint process








resources
resources




transcripts
phoenixstore
net price calculator
college scorecard
career opportunities
generative ai
media center
press releases
employer solutions













 
























trustscore: 4.3


 5923 reviews 




























































privacy policy


terms & conditions


trademark usage


manage cookie preferences


manage communication preferences



adchoices 







ca, co & tx residents: do not sell or share


copyright © 2025 university of phoenix





adchoices 


































































