

  








nys association of city & village clerks |














































skip to main content








 

home




            keywords          







 


 


 



aboutaffiliationsawardsclerk of the year awardclerk of the year nominationdistinguished service awarddistinguished service award applicationscholarship awardsconstitution and by-lawseducational programs iimc certificationsnew york municipal clerks institute programregistered municipal clerk - general informationmembershipmembership applicationcurrent nysacvc membership listingpast presidentslife membershonorary membersrelated linkscommitteesexecutive committeepast executive committees2024 - 2025 committee assignmentsmember informationregional associationscontact usmunicipal clerk links







findexecutive committeecurrent committee assignmentsaffiliationsregional associationscalendar / upcoming eventsconstitution and by-laws get a copy ofcurrent bulletin request or apply formembership application 







programs & awardsclerk of the year awarddistinguished service awardiimc certificationsmunicipal clerks instituteregistered municipal clerk - general informationrockefeller institute of governmentscholarship awards membership informationcurrent nysacvc membership listing 







resourcesnew york state conference of mayors and municipal officialsinternational institute of municipal clerksnew york state society of municipal finance officersnew york state web siteoffice of the state comptrollercitizens access to local government (nys)new york state resource informationassociation of towns of the state of new york 







minutes 






















welcome
president's message
calendar
news
vendors




welcome to the nys association of city and village clerks websiteour goals are to:educate and increase the level of professionalism to better assist elected officials and the communityto maintain an educational forum for exchanging ideas, discussing common problems, and obtaining general information that will assist the membership;to foster cooperation between the members and others directly and indirectly affiliated;to assist new york conference of mayors develop and implement training for the fall school conference to better qualify members of this association to carry out their responsibilities.click here to read more... 








 


president amanda detschner 

president's message:welcome to the nysacvc website!  the 2024-2025 officers elected at our 2024 annual meeting are as follows:president amanda detschner/village of barker1st vice president kerri harrington/city of oneonta2nd vice president corine bump/village of cubadirector liz gaynor/village of sands pointdirector anthony costantini/village of hastings-on-hudsonsecretary megan bay/village of naplestreasurer martina mcclinton/village of rhinebeckimmediate past president elizabeth dreaper/village of dobbs ferrypresidents speech from the annual meeting held on september 17, 2024 is as follows:good afternoon.i am extremely humbled to be standing before you as your newly installed president.  i would like to introduce several special guests that have made the trek from niagara county to attend today's meeting: my dad and mom, keith and darlene hurtgam, my husband, tom detschner, former village clerk and retired town of somerset clerk becky connolly, and nystca president marie litte from the town of royalton.  thank you for taking the time to attend today’s annual meeting. throughout the past 12 years your unwavering support and guidance has given me the strength, determination and fortitude to pursue excellence in my position as village clerk-treasurer. to the membership: its truly and honor to call most of you in this room a friend, not just a colleague and if we haven’t had the pleasure of getting to know each other, i hope to add you to the list. your support and friendship gained over the years through this amazing association of city and village clerks has sustained my passion for public service.nycom fall training school is an amazing opportunity to learn, grow in confidence, network with fellow municipal officials and become energized about the important work we do for our communities.  i personally look forward to fall training school all year long, this conference gives me the opportunity to connect with old friends, gain new ones along the way and absorb the wisdom and knowledge the nycom and the osc staff has to offer. if you’re a newbie, don’t be shy, we were all newbies at one time, become fully engaged with every aspect that fall school has to offer because if you do, you’ll leave with an arsenal of information and contacts to help you in the future.  fall training school is the perfect opportunity to connect with both novice and seasoned clerks, while forming lifelong friendships that you can call on when the time comes.as president, i look forward to carrying on the positive momentum we’ve gained under the leadership of immediate past president liz dreaper.  i’m excited to announce that the executive board has finally procured a brand new, revamped website from compass web development. currently it’s under construction and should be ready to go live in late october.  this comes after years of trying to work with our former website company to make updates and changes with no avail and the feedback we have received from our membership.  we are extremely excited to give our membership a fully functional, easy to navigate website filled with all kinds of useful information. the executive committee has also discussed necessary amendments that are needed to the associations by-laws that would allow the fiscal year and dues collection to coincide, as well as address the definition of associate membership and sponsorship guidelines. please keep a look out for an email detailing the changes and how to cast your vote in the upcoming months.at this time, i would like to address the municipal clerks institute.  for those of you in the room that have attended the ny municipal clerks institute at the rockefeller college at the university of albany, i apologize that an in-person institute wasn’t available this past july, but i’m pleased to announce that in conjunction with the nys town clerks association an institute is being planned for july 2025.  unfortunately, i don’t have many details at this time, but please be rest assured that nystca and nyscvc are committed to ensuring a future municipal clerks institute in ny state that is focused on the development of all municipal clerks through an in person educational experience. as a former ny municipal clerks institute attendee at cornell university and graduating from the first class of the institute being moved to the rockefeller institute of government under michael hattery, the future of the municipal clerks institute is extremely important to me.  please stay tuned for more information, we will surely send out an email notifying the membership as details become available.i’d like to end with encouraging thoughts about our positions as clerks.  being a municipal clerk isn’t always easy or glamorous, but it’s a vital role that ensures your community is running smoothly and efficiently.  at times our role is rewarding, some might even say fun and fulfilling, and other times is filled with contention, self-doubt and under appreciation.  but no matter what season you’re experiencing please remember you’re not alone, look around this room, we’re all here because we believe in the work of local government.    each day, i am inspired by the unwavering dedication, boundless expertise and unparalleled professionalism that each of you brings to our profession. sometimes the obstacles seem insurmountable, but through hard work and perseverance anything is possible. i’m sure there are many clerks in this room that have had to face an extraordinary circumstance head on, it’s how you proceed that determines the outcome. from my experience success is not a matter of chance, it’s the result of relentless effort, continuous learning and a passion for excellence. let us remember that the journey is just as important as the destination and that growth can aggressively fuel our passion to serve others.  together as a clerk family we passionately serve each other and our communities. in service to our membership, i am honored to be leading this phenomenal association as its 49th president!amanda detschnerpresident nysacvc 


















february



« 

» 










          s        

          m        

          t        

          w        

          t        

          f        

          s        





 


 


 


 


 


 


 1  




 2  


 3  


 4  


 5  


 6  


 7  


 8  




 9  


 10  


 11  


 12  


 13  


 14  


 15  




 16  


 17  


 18  


 19  


 20  


 21  


 22  




 23  


 24  


 25  


 26  


 27  


 28  


 




 


    all upcoming events  


 













 osc local government and school district training - upcoming events - register now!! » 
 from the office of new york state comptroller thomas p. dinapoli  

 nycom training -2024 cmfo/rmc credit form » 
        hello   

 iimc 2024 update!!! » 
        please see attachment for the latest iimc update.    

 president's newsletter 1-31-2024 »  

 

 
 
 2024 iimc foundation fundraisers » 
 2024 iimc foundation fundraisers  



    view all  

 







 


for more information, click on vendors name.comp alliancegeneral codenys public entities safety group 497







 





member action center

executive committee
membership
education programs
newsletters
classifieds/job opportunities
subscribe






































 



 

 







new york state association of city & village clerks  contact us 

government websites by civicplus®
login 











