





home - heidi's brooklyn deli

























































  
 









heidi’s brooklyn deli – deli sandwich


toggle navigation





navigation

home
about
menu
locations
franchising
contact us
 









franchise now >
find a location >
owner login >























find us on facebook

home
about
menu
locations
franchising
contact us
 







 @home with heidi’s bring heidi's brooklyn deli signature housemade classics home to your family. easy ordering available with online ordering and curbside pick-up! delivery is also available at participating locations.

 

 
read more



our menu • every heidi’s bakes 8 different flavors of bread from scratch with no additives or preservatives.
• the variety of heidi’s menu includes high quality sandwiches, fresh salads, handmade bagels, breakfast, soups, wraps and fruit smoothies.
• recipes are made in-house and clean and natural ingredients are sourced whenever possible.
• heidi’s brooklyn deli looks forward to serving food made from the freshest ingredients.
read more   



where to find us
• with 13 locations and growing, heidi’s brooklyn deli is proud to have a strong footprint in colorado and locations in states across the country.
• we want to be your neighborhood choice for breakfast, lunch and dinner. we look forward to opening a location near you.
own a franchise 

 

 
read more



own a franchise • since being founded in 1994, heidi’s brooklyn deli has remained a family-owned and community oriented company. 
• we seek partners who honor those same values and share a passion for the finest deli food anywhere.
read more   












 















 


















testimonials 











fabulous new york style deli. their cajun sauce is awesome. fresh, homemade breads daily. i had the spicy ham and cheese on light jewish rye…amazing!!!

skip s.






i had the salmon sandwich. amazing! sweet, spicy and all over delicious!
i’ll be back next week!

jessica m.






these guys know how to make a mean sandwich. where else can you get a bronx bomber (pastrami, egg salad on rye) with coleslaw? man i’m in heaven!

daniel r.






currently in egg salad coma. huge sandwiches with delicious, soft and fresh bread. i got a sandwich, pickle, chips and drink all for one low price.

nikki b.






it’s really hard to find a good sandwich outside of new york. i think heidi’s has accomplished this. i had the eggplant sandwich and it was excellent!

tina h.














categoriessortclick here to use your current locationor  search locationsclearno matching locations show all locationscategories: view location detailget directions from gogeo locate menext »page  of « prev




find locations
main menu
nutrition

 
 


heidi@heidisbrooklyndeli.com






learn more own a franchise
about heidi’s
contact
accessibility statement











privacy policy | user agreement | sitemap 

								copyright heidi's brooklyn deli 2019. website managed by red egg marketing 














 
























 

