





a new law already effective in c











                        
	people for clean beds.org 

                  
	people 
	fighting to keep our mattresses and bedding clean from toxic flame retardant 
	chemicals
 


 
 













please visit our sponsors:




nontoxicbeds.com

prescriptionbeds.com


safecribbeds.com

strobel.com



flameproof bed story
table of 
		chemicals used

table of 
		poisons absorbed
proponents say & 
		rebuttals
poison crib mattresses
epa proves 
		mattresses toxic

people sick
quick facts

antimony risks

antimony linked to sids

children vulnerable

boric acid risks


boric acid poisons 6,463

wool burns
child sucking test
msds's 
		on chemicals

risk assessment overview

risk assessment 
		details

fight history

we're making news

doctor & public 
		comments


incredible but true
		(skeptics click here)


odds of dying

man who wrote law

bedding fires

news-cpsc (short story)

cpsc 
		quotes

		news releases

		background & risk of law
  
		
epa & cdc quotes
  
		
boric acid mattress photo
   burn test photo
chemical risks
nature of 
		exposure
already killed
a grain of salt
cpsc-duped by industry
boric acid 
		history
boric acid 
		leaching

society of toxicology

frc studies
nas study
send comments 
		to cpsc

cpsc comments 
		received

find your legislators

text of laws
open flame bedclothes

emily clifford's 
		science fair project


please 
		vote-comment here on poisons in beds


contact us
home


		 
 


















many
	doctors 
	oppose this regulation. 
	do you 
	oppose toxic chemicals in beds? 
vote and comment here
also, if you have gotten sick from a 
	flameproof mattress we would like to know. 
as of july 1 2007 all mattresses 
	nationwide, including crib, must be flameproof and contain toxic chemicals. 
	please help get the word out.


	beware of organic or other 
	mattresses that claim they use no chemicals. there are no labeling 
	requirements. there are no chemical free systems that will pass the 
	severe open flame test, not even wool, they are all toxic. your only safe 
	choice is a bare waterbed or a prescription mattress. see
	organics burn


we're making news, toxic vs. 
		toxin-free prescription mattresses

	tv stations cbs, nbc, abc, fox, magazines, and newspapers across the country 
	have done news stories on toxic beds, and more are coming:
"many manufacturers are predicting 
	a backlash once consumers start to investigate what's really lying under 
	their sheets with them." "ironically, mattress workers are coming forward 
	and admitting they are getting sick simply handling the new chemically-laden 
	materials"


	even before the july 
	1 2007 deadline most new 
	mattresses sold nationwide, and all mattresses sold in california since 
	1-1-05 have already 
	contained toxic chemicals to meet the new law. there are no labeling 
	requirements of the chemicals in beds. all mattress makers will claim they use no 
	chemicals, but the cpsc documents prove otherwise. click
	here 
to see the cpsc table of chemicals used, and
	here 
	to see their table of the amount of poisons absorbed daily from flameproof 
	mattresses. if you want a clean bed we recommend a bare waterbed or our 
	sponsors 
	www.prescriptionbeds.com and
	www.strobel.com. 
	fortunately, the law allows doctors including chiropractors to prescribe 
	toxin free beds. prescriptions are easy, save you the sales tax, make the 
	mattress set tax deductible, and you can use your health savings account.
 
 in 
	their jan-06 risk assessment the cpsc proves the average adult will 
	absorb a daily dose of .802 mg of antimony (arsenic), .081 mg boric acid
	(roach killer), and .073 mg dbdpo (deca) from flame proof mattresses, every night. 
	plus they say five year old children will absorb .5 mg antimony every night,
	this is 63 times more poison than the epa says is safe. younger 
	children were not studied.

(it's true! see cpsc
	table 16) all three are acute poisons and two cause cancer. (most 
	people do not want themselves or their children to absorb any amount of 
	poisons from their mattresses every day, to avoid the one in 1.111 million 
	risk of dying in a mattress fire.)
cpsc risk assessment of flameproof 
	mattresses, see the facts firsthand:


short version, 21 selected 
	pages highlighted. the highlighted lines are a quick read.

full version, 77 pages bookmarked 
	highlighted, searchable
plus, 
	children under age five excluded from risk assessment. 
the cpsc assumes all these children will be protected by a 
	vinyl sheet over their mattresses due to bedwetting problems, and that this 
	will protect them from exposure to these known acutely toxic chemicals. 
	there are no labeling requirements. parents will never know their new 
	mattresses contain toxic chemicals.
 unlike other flame 
	retardants that we initially think are non-toxic like asbestos pcb's and 
	pbde's, and later 
	find them harmful, we already know these are acutely toxic and cancer 
	causing. 
 antimony: 
	quote from college chemistry textbook:  “antimony 
	resembles arsenic very closely; the difference in 
	its behavior being almost entirely accounted for by the fact that antimony 
	is slightly more metallic.” this helps explain why it is so poisonous. 
	quotes from atsdr a division of the cdc on antimony: “an increase in the 
	number of spontaneous abortions, disturbances in menstruation, failure to 
	conceive, may cause heart to beat irregularly or stop. … chronic exposure: 
	prolonged or repeated exposure may damage the liver and the heart muscle." 
	“in long-term studies, animals that breathed very low levels of antimony had 
	eye irritation, hair loss, lung damage, and heart problems. problems with 
	fertility were also noted.” "two studies reported lung tumors in rats 
	exposed to relatively low levels of antimony trioxide." antimony tends to 
	accumulate in the liver and gastrointestinal tract.” the cdc cannot 
	determine a safe level of antimony exposure because: “at the lowest exposure 
	levels tested, the adversity of the effects was considered to be serious.” 
	on cancer risks of antimony even the cpsc admits: 
	“the cancer effects are cumulative. every exposure contributes to the 
	overall lifetime risk of developing cancer.” 
 
 boric acid, also used 
	as roach killer, is a known reproductive and developmental toxin, a 
	known respiratory irritant, demonstrated injury to the gonads and to the 
	developing fetus. high prenatal mortality, neonatal children are unusually 
	susceptible. there are already 6,463 u.s. cases of boric acid poisoning each 
	year. one human exposure study showed reduced sperm counts and reduced 
	sexual activity in humans.
  
dbdpo, deca, is in 
	the family of pbde’s, is known to bioaccumulate, is linked to cancer, and 
	groups are trying to get it banned. 
 
the cpsc has completed 
	extraction studies that show the percentage of fr chemicals contained in 
	various mattress flame barriers. (see cpsc 
table 1, it shows 7 of 13 
	barriers contain antimony, and 5 of 13 contain boric acid) they have also 
	completed leaching and migration studies that prove these chemical reach 
	the surface of our mattresses through the sheets, to be absorbed by our 
	bodies, and base the above poison absorptions calculations on this data.

see the rest of the short 
version of the story by clicking 
here.

see the whole story by 
clicking here: 
includes tera comments and cpsc responses, omissions, errors, cpsc 
responses to public comments, and conclusions.
cpsc risk assessment of flameproof 
	mattresses, see the facts firsthand:


short version, 21 selected 
	pages highlighted. the highlighted lines are a quick read.

full version, 77 pages bookmarked 
	highlighted, searchable
overview:

	printer friendly version click here
a new law already effective in california, 
	and soon to be enacted nationwide by the consumer products safety commission 
	(cpsc) requires mattresses to resist ignition from open flames, even though 
	a 1973 federal law already requires all mattresses to resist ignition from 
	burning cigarettes, and mattress fires have already declined by 68%. since 
	it requires toxic chemicals in the surface of all new mattresses to meet the 
	new law, we think the risks of the new law outweigh the benefits.
most people will think, it can't be that 
	bad, it is probably ok. please consider the following:
the cpsc hopes to save up to 270 lives 
	annually after ten or more years, after all existing mattresses are 
	replaced. this seems overly optimistic and the real number saved can be 
	calculated to only 21 using the cpsc's own 
data. with 300 million people in the united states 
	unknowingly taking the risk of sleeping in toxic chemicals, they avoid the 
	one in one million risk of dying in a mattress fire. using the 21 saved 
	number the risk is one in fourteen million. by comparison annual us deaths 
	are 6,091 as a pedestrian, 16,337 as a car occupant, and 17,550 from 
	accidental poisoning by and exposure to noxious substances. even before the 
	new law, your risk of dying from toxic chemicals, is greater than your risk 
	of dying in a car accident. see 
odds of dying.
there is an entire specialty of real 
	medicine that treats people poisoned by the toxic chemicals in our modern 
	environment, real m.d.'s taught by top schools such as harvard medical 
	school. these doctors see first hand the pain, suffering, and death of these 
	people. all of these 
	doctors oppose this law.
every life is important and it is hard to 
	argue with fire safety. however, if this law kills even one  more than it saves, it is 
	clearly wrong. it has the potential to kill millions of people. if only 15% 
	of our mattresses prove toxic -- 45 million people will die.

the chemicals used to flameproof 
		mattresses have never 
		been studied for human exposure risk in this application. (except now 
		the cpsc has released a limited 
study.)
we know almost all the chemicals to 
		flameproof mattresses are 
acutely toxic and many also cause 
		cancer.
the science of toxicology uses 
		high-dose short-term exposure on various animals to predict the effect 
		of low-dose long-term exposure on humans. this is exactly the risk in 
		mattresses, close chronic 
exposure eight hour per day for the 
		rest of our and our children's lives.
the developing fetus and young child 
		is particularly vulnerable to certain environmental toxins. over the 
		past three decades, researchers have found that remarkably
		low-level
		exposures to these toxins are linked with less overt symptoms 
		of toxicity—intellectual impairments, behavioral problems, spontaneous 
		abortions, or preterm births. 
antimony trioxide is the most commonly 
		used flame retardant in mattresses to meet the new law. antimony is a 
		heavy metal like lead with similar toxic effects. antimony is proven to 
		leach from mattresses and linked to heart damage, cancer, and
		sids.
boric acid, also a roach killer, is 
		commonly used as a flame retardant in mattresses to meet the new law. it 
		is known to attack the developing fetus and testicles as it primary 
		targets. in addition to death, birth defects, infertility, and 
		sterility, studies show overexposure 
reduces sexual activity in humans.
		
children could be poisoned from
		sucking on a 
		boric acid mattress. there are 6,463 cases of boric acid poisoning in 
		the us each year.
formaldehyde, bromine, and other 
		dangerous chemicals are also used in many systems. it is difficult if 
		not impossible to find the truth. even mattress manufacturers usually 
		don't know which chemicals are present in their flame barrier systems. 
		we can't find any, but even if safe systems exist, all mattresses must be safe or we 
		will eventually harm or kill a percentage of our people. if 33% prove 
		toxic, 100 million people are harmed. if only 1% prove toxic, it is 
		still 3 million people harmed or killed.
we should learn from our toxic 
		legacies of the past. we have made previous mistakes with flame 
		retardants such as pcb's banned in the 70's, tris, asbestos, and now 
		pbde's are being found in peoples bodies and women's breast milk in 
		alarming and growing amounts.
the chemical industry estimates we 
		save up to 960 people per year with the 1.2 billion pounds of flame 
		retardants the us uses annually. now we will be required to sleep in 
		them too. we have already 
killed 300,000 people, and continue to kill 
		10,000 annually, with asbestos alone.
consumers will be forced to pay an 
		average of $100 more for every new mattress purchased to meet this law.
the innerspring mattress industry 
		through their trade association ispa went to the cpsc and
		asked for this 
		law. it seems clear it benefits the large companies by restraining 
		competition, forcing the smaller companies out of business, and raising 
		prices, revenue, and profits.
even the man who started and wrote 
		this law in california, 
whitney davis, is now having second 
		thoughts: "the problem: the only chemicals they can use to achieve 
		compliance are listed as toxic to humans by the epa.” and "you don't 
		know until 10 years down the road and there's a problem," he said. 
		"we feel responsible." 

 
we have made progress with many
	doctors and 
	people opposing this law. the cpsc has received over 500
	public comments 
	opposing the law when they would normally only receive about 20 comments 
	from interested parties on most proposals.
we have gotten 
news for the issue from the washington 
	post, san francisco chronicle, and many other newspapers across the country, 
	as well as tv news from network affiliates.
please help. 
	please vote here. email 
	the
	
cpsc. email and call your 
legislators. email and tell your friends. email, 
	write, and call your local news media. it is never to late to try to stop 
	this law and potentially save millions of people.
 
notice: the statements and questions contained in this 
	website are not intended to convey allegations regarding any particular company, 
person, or association. readers should conduct their own investigation of a 
company or association or person to ascertain the particular policies, 
practices, and motivations of that entity. i have reported what i believe to be 
true and correct to the best of my knowledge and opinion at the time of its 
writing in a free speech effort to avert a public health disaster.  
 






 




