















stories of pregnancy and birth over 40 years old
































home
contact
over 40 birth statistics
over 40 book shelf
fertility monitors
fertility store


























stories by ages: 43y
44y
45y
46y
47y
48y
49y
50y
51y
52y
53y
54y
55y
56+y
1st child
donor eggs
surrogate














































amazon.com lists over 8,000 items under the search term "fertility"












i had a dream last night about my baby product business, born to love, which i started way back in 1982!
i woke up and felt a strong need to create a new facebook group for it.
as if i needed more work! 🤣
do you know anyone who uses cloth diapers, or is considering it?
i have many articles to share, along with the baby product deals.
join our new group: facebook.com/groups/diaperdeals

more frugal blogs and websites:

• born to love:  all your cloth diapering needs, and much more - naturally! we are  strong advocates of the personal, social and environmental benefits of  natural parenting.

• frugal freebies: keep up with the latest free stuff, deals, coupons, and other ways to save money!

• my frugal baby tips: taking care of baby and mom needs naturally, does not have to cost a whole lot of money!

more "pregnancy over 40" blogs to visit:

• life begins... - pregnancy stories of loss, hope and help

• pregnancy stories by age - daily blog of hope and inspiration!

• you can get pregnant in your 40's - sharing articles, discussing options and suggestions

• stories of pregnancy and birth over 44 - sharing news stories i find online, for inspiration!







after almost three decades of marriage, spent in the harrowing embrace of barrenness, and with three husbands, 52-year-old alhaja owolabi kareem against all odds and human expectations not only got pregnant but also gave birth to a bouncing baby girl.

for the couple, alhaji and alhaja owolabi kareem of ajah in the eti osa local government area lagos state, november 26, 2010, will forever be remembered as a day of celebration of miracles.

it was the day on which the 52-year-old alhaja owolabi kareem put to bed a bouncing baby girl. it was the first in her life.

like most women of her age, alhaja ajah as she is fondly called by her fellow members at the saints gospel church of christ hand of fire, ago along igando-ikotun road, lagos had entered menopause. some derisively call it meno-stop!

after being married for about 30 years and with no fruit to show for her conjugal labor, she had lost all hopes of ever having a baby but for her newfound faith.

five years earlier, the 52-year-old businesswoman had been introduced to a new faith by a friend who had watched as she struggled desperately and in despair but in vain for a child.

prior to this, it had been one long struggle filled with anguish, fears, tears, humiliation and even desperation.

according to alhaja, she had visited all known hospitals and medical practitioners both orthodox and unconventional, local and foreign all to no avail.

it was after she had reached menopause and lost hope, she decided to heed her friend's advice of seeking further spiritual help at a particular worship center where she worships currently.


this pregnancy over 40 story was found on compassnewspaper.com
originally posted on december 5th, 2010.
photo credit: compassnewspaper.com - all rights reserved


today's book suggestion:


the infertility cure

the infertility cure: the ancient chinese wellness program for getting pregnant and having healthy babies
by randine lewis

-- infertility affects one out of six couples today.

dr. lewis presents a groundbreaking alternative approach to infertility, explaining how she used traditional chinese medicine to treat her own infertility, successfully conceiving and giving birth to two children.

in lewis's experience, women who have undergone three to six months of the dietary changes, herbs and acupuncture treatments become pregnant with no further effort.

lewis intersperses her somewhat technical examination of the program with anecdotes about her patients, weaving in discussions on diet, herbal supplements, acupuncture, older women and problems related to infertility.

📚 paperback: 320 pages
click to order/for more info: the infertility cure





i was still in my 20s (29 years old), when i duly brought forth my son charlie, now 23 years old.

two years and three months after my first baby - and by now in my early 30s - i gave birth to alice, who will be 21 years old this month.

soon after this, my marriage broke down, and i settled into almost a decade of raising my small family as a single parent.

and then, shortly before my 44th birthday, my second husband and i celebrated the arrival of isabel, who has just turned nine years old.

i am, in spite of my mother's misgivings, the proud mother of three children, each born in a different decade of my life.


this pregnancy over 40 story was found on dailymail.co.uk
read more: so does age really make you a better mum?
originally posted on june 16, 2009
photo credit: dailymail.co.uk - all rights reserved

today's book suggestion:


is your body baby-friendly?

is your body baby-friendly?
 how unexplained infertility, miscarriage and ivf failure can be explained and treated with immunotherapy
by alan e. beer, julia kantecki, jane reed

-- a unique book—the first of its kind. no longer do patients have to accept their infertility is just bad luck and they just have to keep on trying.

no longer should women with recurrent miscarriages have to listen to their doctor telling them that their loss was god's will or that they ought to be thankful because their baby was probably chromosomal-ly abnormal.

the statistics simply do not support such claims — in fact, they show repeated reproductive failure can be a symptom of wider health problems in the mother.

furthermore, the root cause can be treated — not only to promote the chances of a successful pregnancy but to improve the mother's health long-term.

📚 paperback: 500 pages
click to order/for more info: is your body baby-friendly?





april 2, 2012 - you may know rachel dratch as debbie downer from her stint on saturday night live or for her cameos on 30 rock... 

but the 46-year-old comedian has more stories to tell than the standard ex-snl-er's behind-the-scenes yarns.

there was this crazy twist that happened in my life, and i thought maybe i should start writing about this, she says.

dratch, at 43 years old, after having given up on the idea of being married with kids someday, unexpectedly got pregnant and decided to make that midlife miracle, as she calls it, the centerpiece of her book.


this pregnancy over 40 story was found on metro.us
read more: rachel dratch: to snl and back
originally posted in april 2, 2012.


today's book suggestion:


girl walks into a bar

girl walks into a bar...: comedy calamities, dating disasters, and a midlife miracle
by rachel dratch

-- her career at a low point, rachel dratch suddenly had time for yoga, dog-sitting, learning spanish - and dating. after all, what did a forty-something single woman living in new york have to lose?

resigned to childlessness but still hoping for romance, dratch was out for drinks with a friend when she met john.

handsome and funny, after only six months of dating long-distance, he became the inadvertent father of her wholly unplanned, undreamed-of child, and moved to new york to be a dad.

with riotous humor, dratch recounts breaking the news to her bewildered parents, the awe of her single friends, and the awkwardness of a baby-care class where the instructor kept tossing out the f-word.

filled with great behind-the-scenes anecdotes from dratch's time on snl, girl walks into a bar is a refreshing version of the happily ever after story that proves female comics - like bestsellers tina fey and chelsea handler - are truly having their moment.

📚 paperback: 272 pages
click to order/for more info: girl walks into a bar...

📚 start reading girl walks into a bar... on your kindle in under a minute!

📚 don't have a kindle? get your kindle here, or download a free kindle reading app.





lori riner is a mom again — at age 48.

the sparta woman gave birth friday to a boy and became the oldest woman to deliver at franciscan skemp medical center - without the aid of fertility treatment.

lori's 12-year-old granddaughter named the baby tucker.

at first, lori thought she was going through menopause.

but, she said, menopause doesn't kick.

she asked her husband, sonny, to sit down when she broke the news about the pregnancy.

of course, i was shocked, sonny said. but i was happy. most couples would be devastated, but we were not devastated.

the couple has been married four years, and have children from previous marriages in their 20s and 30s, in addition to their granddaughter.

this pregnancy over 40 story was found on lacrossetribune.com
read more: a new adventure: 48-year-old mom gives birth to baby boy
originally posted on february 20th, 2011.
photo credit: rory o'driscoll/la crosse tribune - all rights reserved

today's book suggestion:


but i don't feel too oldto be a mommy!

but i don't feel too old to be a mommy! the complete sourcebook for starting (and re-starting) motherhood beyond 35 and after 40
by doreen nagle

-- the first and only book to fully address the concerns of the ever-growing but greatly ignored an audience of literate, educated women who have delayed motherhood.

in this comprehensive work, women who are considering parenting in their 30s, 40s, and later-whether for the first time or starting over-will find all the information they need to make informed choices.

complete with quotes from medical experts, later-in-life moms, and their kids, this one-stop book will calm the doubts and fears of women considering motherhood after 35 and beyond 40 by providing supportive yet realistic information.

📚 paperback: 275 pages
click to order/for more info: but i don't feel too old to be a mommy!





at the age of 53, debbie hughes imagined the only babies she would be looking after would be her granddaughters.

instead, despite taking the contraceptive pill, she has become one of britain's oldest ever naturally conceiving mothers – giving birth to a healthy baby boy named kyle.

miss hughes took a pregnancy test after her family teased her about putting on weight, expecting the notion she was having another child to be swiftly ruled out.

but after putting on her reading glasses to decipher the result, the astonishing news began to sink in.

now she is nursing the unexpected addition to her family, who is 26 years younger than his elder brother.


this pregnancy over 40 story was found on dailymail.co.uk
read more: the grandma who's a mum again at 53
originally posted on january 25th, 2012.
photo credit: worldwide features | dailymail.co.uk - all rights reserved.


today's book suggestion:



surprise motherhood: a guide to unexpected adult pregnancy
by ophelia austin-small

-- pregnancy books on the market have one of two audiences - the teen with an unplanned pregnancy, or the adult with a planned and chosen one.

nowhere was there a book for the almost 3 million adult women facing surprise pregnancy every year.

surprise motherhood is aimed directly at that gap, telling the stories of ophelia and other women who have faced unplanned pregnancy as an adult, professional women.

with extensive information about options, paternity, career issues, postpartum depression, finances, and more, surprise motherhood is the only reference of its kind, and is sure to be an invaluable reader resource.

📚 paperback: 196 pages
click to order/for more info: surprise motherhood





the intense debate surrounding a very touchy subject.

in a fascinating article that recently appeared in new york magazine, writer lisa miller outlines and ultimately defends the current boom of men and women becoming parents at age 50 and beyond.

the article begins with an anecdote - a couple meets and falls in love when she's 47 years old, and he's 54 years old. 

through a donor egg and her husband's sperm, the woman gives birth to her first daughter at age 50.

two years later, she attempts to get pregnant again. 

this time, she has to be brought out of menopause with hormones before she is able to become pregnant. 

shortly thereafter, she gives birth to her second daughter.

this anecdote is only one of many, and they're on the rise. birth rates among women ages 45 to 49 have risen 17% in just the past three years alone. reproductive technology, of course, accounts for this sharp increase.


this pregnancy over 40 story was found on themortonreport.com
read more: giving birth after 50: miraculous or morally wrong?
originally posted in september 27, 2011.
photo credit: themortonreport.com - all rights reserved


today's book suggestion:



acupuncture and ivf: increase ivf success by 40-60%
by lifang liang

-- the information in this book can increase your success rate with in vitro fertilization (ivf) and other assisted reproductive technologies (art) by as much as 60%.

research has shown that acupuncture alone can increase the success rate of ivf by 35%. by also adding chinese herbal medicine, it is dr. lifang liangs experience that you can almost double that increase.

in this book, dr. liang describes her extremely successful step-by-step protocols for combining acupuncture and chinese herbal medicine with ivf.

whether you are a western md specializing in infertility, a chinese medical practitioner, or a couple experiencing difficulties in conceiving, this book is sure to give you new hope and a new approach to dealing with this all too common and difficult condition.

📚 paperback: 224 pages
click to order/for more info: acupuncture and ivf





photo credit: programmes.stv.tv -- all rights reserved

juliet le page became scotland's oldest mother when she gave birth at 50 years old.

having settled down with her husband richard, who is ten years her junior, juliet has always been determined to have children.

i was quite a determined person, i'd met my husband and thought 'i really want to have a family with this man', juliet said.

i was pretty sure i wasn't able to conceive naturally, so it had to be some form of assisted conception.

the proportion of women in the uk having children in their forties is the highest it has been in decades.

fertility rates for women aged 30 and over has gradually increased since 1980, with more women having children between 30 and 34 than those aged 25-29 since 2002.

this pregnancy over 40 story was found on scotsman.com
read more: joy of scotland's oldest mother, aged 50
originally posted on november 27, 2008


today's book suggestion:


right time baby

right time baby: the complete guide to later motherhood and pregnancy
by claudia spahr

-- there couldn't be a better time for motherhood than after you've explored some of your own dreams and ambitions.

studies show later mothers to be more secure emotionally and financially than younger mothers and nearly a quarter of all women in the uk are now having babies after 35.

packed full of useful tips from top medical experts, scientists and world authorities, including dr. michel odent and dr. marilyn glenville, this book is a complete guide for the woman who's lived a life before giving birth.

it covers: preparing for pregnancy and motherhood; how to improve egg quality and prolong fertility so you can get pregnant naturally; exercises, relaxation techniques, mind-body connection for conception; how to increase your chances of success at ivf; making the most of your pregnancy, month by month; ways to avoid pregnancy loss; pregnancy yoga and natural remedies for common pregnancy ailments; how to have the best birth possible; from me to mum - adjusting to lack of sleep, relationship changes and that other job; parenting secrets and concepts from around the globe to inspire new mothers; and, the latest research in neuroscience, nutrition and psychology.

get ready to embrace the biggest, most exciting transition of your life!

📚 paperback: 320 pages
click to order/for more info: right time baby

📚 start reading right time baby on your kindle in under a minute!

📚 don't have a kindle? get your kindle here, or download a free kindle reading app.





photo credit: martin pope / telegraph.co.uk - all rights reserved


jacqueline gold likes to joke she has lived her whole life backwards.

at 48 years old, at the peak of an enormously successful career – she is ceo of gold group international (which owns ann summers) and one of the most powerful women in british retailing.

she is about to fulfill a dream she put on hold as a young woman.

finally, at an age when most women are approaching menopause, jacqueline is settling into her first pregnancy.


this pregnancy over 40 story was found on telegraph.co.uk
read more: jacqueline gold: i'm just so lucky to be pregnant at 48
originally posted on january 12, 2009.


today's book suggestion:


ivf: a patient's guide

ivf: a patient's guide
by rebecca matthews

-- the perfect companion book for anyone considering or currently undergoing fertility treatment.

reduce your stress and improve your chance of success by arming yourself with the facts.

written by a respected, caring and practicing expert in the field, not a patient!

inside these pages, you'll get answers to the most common questions, but even better, get answers to the critical questions not asked often enough; some could even save the life of your baby.

understand the most up-to-date, cutting-edge techniques utilized in ivf and genetic testing.

see exactly what happens under the microscope.

learn how to choose the very best clinic and what, exactly, you should be asking your doctor.

follow specific case studies and hear from a variety of patients in their own words as well.

packed with charts, tables, graphs and photos, this easy to navigate guide is the next best thing to having a best friend in the field of reproductive medicine.

📚 paperback: 174 pages
click to order/for more info: ivf: a patient's guide

📚 start reading ivf: a patient's guide on your kindle in under a minute!

📚 don't have a kindle? get your kindle here, or download a free kindle reading app.




older posts











popular posts









ursula andress, mom at 44
  photo credit: people.com - all rights reserved    may 5, 1980 -  love affairs and husbands can end, but a child is forever.   it is the mo...










oldest recorded natural pregnancy
  maria cradles her new baby boy with her husband enzo look on. image credit: australscope    -- a 61-year-old  italian woman became a mum f...










almost 44 when isabel arrived
  i was still in my 20s (29 years old) , when i duly brought forth my son charlie, now 23 years old.   two years and three months after my f...










giving birth after 50: miraculous or morally wrong?
  the intense debate surrounding a very touchy subject.   in a fascinating article  that recently appeared in new york magazine, writer lisa...










oldest woman i know had natural oops at 48
  i have been posting on this board for years since my last successful over 40  pregnancy.   i must say there have been plenty of moms 44+, ...










during peri-menopause, a woman can still get pregnant
  i am sure you've heard the term menopause baby.   women in their 50s, who think they are no longer fertile, and skip using birth contr...















subscribe to our stories

enter your email address below to receive updates each time we publish new content.







privacy guaranteed. we'll never share your info.
















privacy |
disclosure policy |
contact



my amazon shop








stories by age (number of stories)







40
(31)


41
(44)


42
(49)


43
(304)


44
(411)


45
(415)


46
(309)


47
(281)


48
(197)


49
(123)


50
(152)


51
(101)


52
(113)


53
(72)


54
(74)


55
(52)


56+
(149)

























recent stories











favourite links


born to love - natural baby product reviews & articles
mothers 35 plus
flower power mom—the truth about motherhood after 40
a child after 40 - forum
women over 40 with high fsh
high fsh info
in season mom
she laughed - pregnant over 40
mothers over 40
motherhood later...than sooner
you can get pregnant over 40, naturally!
hot flashes, warm bottles
babies after 50
pregnancy - ttc - parenting after 50
miscarriage, stillbirth and infant loss jewelry






i got pregnant at 43
discover how to naturally conceive
at almost any age within 8 weeks






my blog list











frugal freebies




february 16th special days - featuring 911 freebies!












my frugal baby tips




frugal toys: keeping baby happy












pregnancy stories by age




i am 48 with my 1st child












you can get pregnant in your 40's




high fsh... old eggs












life begins...




five miscarriages and a baby












born to love



















need help getting pregnant?
easy method for getting pregnant
step-by-step guide + free preg cookbook!












fertility books over 40


visit our over 40 bookshelf for more information about these books and more!
visit our fertility store for help in getting pregnant!







recent comments










pages


home
contact
over 40 birth statistics
over 40 book shelf
fertility monitors
fertility store
disclosure
privacy

more stories




more stories
august (1)
april (3)
march (1)
february (6)
january (10)
december (9)
november (1)
march (1)
february (2)
january (4)
december (1)
november (1)
october (4)
september (7)
august (16)
july (11)
june (10)
may (14)
april (14)
march (12)
february (2)
september (7)
august (24)
july (14)
june (9)
may (15)
april (8)
march (8)
february (18)
january (26)
december (21)
november (3)
october (6)
september (6)
july (3)
april (5)
march (1)
february (1)
may (1)
april (3)
march (2)
february (2)
january (3)
april (4)
january (4)
december (3)
november (1)
september (24)
august (16)
july (20)
june (23)
may (23)
april (4)
march (7)
february (8)
january (1)
november (1)
july (1)
april (1)
march (1)
january (2)
june (1)
may (1)
march (1)
february (1)
january (1)
november (1)
october (1)
september (2)
august (1)
july (1)
june (4)
may (6)
april (3)
march (2)
february (1)
december (1)
september (10)
august (3)
july (8)
june (25)
may (30)
april (21)
march (33)
february (24)
january (24)
december (31)
november (27)
october (16)
september (23)
august (24)
july (12)
june (24)
may (30)
april (19)
march (13)
february (24)
january (20)
december (13)
november (28)
october (25)
september (24)
august (30)
july (33)
june (28)
may (27)
april (26)
march (27)
february (24)
january (21)
december (13)















this work is licensed under creative commons attribution-noncommercial-noderivs 2.0 canada license.

catherine is a participant in the amazon services llc associates program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees.
note: all logos, company names, brands, images, trademarks and other intellectual property are the property of their respective owners.









pregnancyover44.com 2012. simplex timeline template designed by webdesign berlin preise .



       
google+ profile: +catherine mcdiarmid-watt ~*~ find pregnancy stories on google+














