






hotels in santa barbara ca | cabrillo inn at the beach | santa barbara, california hotel










































toggle navigation








                           (800) 648 6708
                           
                      



home

rooms & amenities

rooms
amenities



reservations

online reservations



vacation rental 

vacation rental


photos

santa barbara 
activities
airport
attractions
stearns wharf 
casinos
concierge discounts 
dining
events
golf
government
hospitals
shopping
wineries
university


contact



 






welcome to cabrillo inn at the beach oceanfront "east beach" santa barbara




sundeck to relax with views of east beach




breakfast by pool with quiche, bagels, danishes, juice, coffee and more...(breakfast suspended)




take a refreshing dip in our heated pool year round




clean comfortable rooms with flat screen tv's and hbo, fridge and hair dryer




view of lounging area and patio from some partial ocean view rooms



















skip  



welcome to cabrillo inn at the beach oceanfront east beach

we want to inform our future guests of our policy and operational procedures as it pertains to the coronavirus (covid-19).our housekeeping staff has been trained to sanitize areas of your room as the final step before finishing the cleaning of your room.your are important to us and we want you to be reassured that we are taking prudent steps to promote your safety. discover them at the cabrillo inn at the beach. our oceanfront location overlooks the pristine white sands of santa barbaras most desirable east beach, the pacific ocean and the channel islands. our east beach location is convenient for sunbathing, bicycling, rollerblading, strolls on the beach, dining, and nearby shopping in either montecito or santa barbara historic stearns wharf, yacht harbor and downtown state street are one mile away.relax and enjoy spectacular ocean and island views from your non smoking tropical decor room, heated swimming pool, two second floor ocean view sundecks, or our ocean view lounge where a free continental breakfast is served each morning.(breakfast suspended)a completely relaxed atmosphere for that special getaway at a surprisingly affordable ratesecure your bit of paradise today by reserving your stay at cabrillo inn at the beach.spanish vacation cottage available by by the week or month: two bedroom, two bath unit with full kitchen, on-site parking, and located adjacent to the cabrillo inn at the beach and its amenities. 
events in santa barbara
santa barbara earth daysat, apr 17, 5 pm – mon, apr 19, 6 pmin 19 daysalameda park1400 santa barbara st, santa barbara, caa huge park that covers three blocks, the alameda park is a lovely place for hanging out with your family or a bunch of friends. experience natural delights in form of the turtles and ducks at the...read more on eventseekersanta barbara home showsat, jun 5 – sun, jun 6earl warren showgrounds3400 calle real, santa barbara, casanta barbara home show is going to be organised at earl warren showgrounds, santa barbara, usa from 22 feb 2020 to 23 feb 2020 this expo is going to be a 2 day event. this event forays into...read more on expohourdavid crosbythu, may 13, 8 pm – fri, may 14, 1 amthe loberoevents professionals, 924 anacapa st, santa barbara, cabuy david crosby & the sky trails band tickets to see the best pop and rock music acts live and in-person on thu, may 13, 2021 8:00 pm at the lobero in santa barbara, ca.read more on ticketsmarter




hotel amenities
                                40 ocean view roomsfree wifi with high speed internetfree continental breakfast (breakfast suspended)heated outdoor pooltwo 2nd floor ocean view sundeckslocated across from famous east beachcable tv with hboin room refrigerator weekly/monthly 2br 2 ba vacation rentalowner operated for 45 yearsno pets allowed100% smoke free property






 

book now
translation of website 








  

hotel features






free wifi
high speed wifi internet throughout hotel



free breakfast (suspended due to covid-19)
wakeup to our poolside continental breakfast with fresh bagels, quiche, danishes, pastries, fresh fruit, and fresh brewed coffee



parking
free parking



vacation rental
weekly and monthly vacation cottage rental with 2 bedrooms, 2 bathsrooms and full kitchen
virtual tour front 
streaming video
 












hotel rooms








room details





                                  standard king
                                

free wifi with high speed internetfree continental breakfast in ocean view lounge(breakfast suspended)in room refrigeratorflat screen tvextended channels and hbofans for coolingheatersmoke free propertyno pets allowed
















room details





                                  garden/pool limited ocean view king
                                

free wifi with high speed internetfree continental breakfast in ocean view lounge (breakfast suspended)in room refrigeratorflat screen tvextended channels and hbofans for coolingheatersmoke free propertyno pets allowed
















room details





                                  garden/pool limited ocean view 2 queen beds
                                

free wifi with high speed internetfree continental breakfast in ocean view lounge (breakfast suspended)in room refrigeratorflat screen tvextended channels and hbofans for coolingheatersmoke free propertyno pets allowed
















room details





                                  standard ocean view king
                                

free wifi with high speed internetfree continental breakfast in ocean view lounge(breakfast suspended)in room refrigeratorflat screen tvextended channels and hbofans for coolingheatersmoke free propertyno pets allowed
















room details





                                  deluxe ocean view king
                                

free wifi with high speed internetfree continental breakfast in ocean view lounge (breakfast suspended)in room refrigeratorflat screen tvextended channels and hbofans for coolingheatersmoke free propertyno pets allowed
















room details





                                  deluxe ocean view 2 queen beds
                                

free wifi with high speed internetfree continental breakfast in ocean view lounge (breakfast suspended)in room refrigeratorflat screen tvextended channels and hbofans for coolingheatersmoke free propertyno pets allowed
























 cottages located across street 2 bedrooms full kitchen




vacation rental





















hotel photos















































































activities : santa barbara's climate, which boasts over 300 days of sunshine every year, is a huge draw for those looking for some outdoor adventure year-round. the santa ynez mountains offer endless opportunities to hike and bike your way to amazing scenic vistas. the golden ridgelines cascade into the pacific where you'll find a plethora of activities on the water, including kayaking, surfing, sup and more, as well as incredible views of the california coastline. on any given day, you'll find pick-up beach volleyball games, people sea kayaking from stearns wharf to the harbor, boats setting sail to go whale watching, and stand-up paddleboarders sliding across the water. you'll find a wide variety of options for outdoor fun here in santa barbara, ca. 
airport : santa barbara municipal airport 500 james fowler rd, santa barbara, ca 93117 (805) 683-4011 the santa barbara airport's mission "as the tri-county region's "airport of choice", santa barbara airport will be self-sustaining, exceed expectations for safety and quality service, and meet the air transportation and economic development needs of its customers and partners." 
attractions : santa barbara and its surrounding areas are full of impressive landmarks that speak to the history of the region, dating back to the chumash (native american) tribes who settled in villages here and lived off the bounty of the land and the sea. the spanish left their mark in architecture that evokes their religion and their homes, while the penchant of “califorñios” for hospitality, horsemanship, music and dance all linger in santa barbara's festive traditions.
attractions : stearns wharf 217 stearns wharf, santa barbara, ca 93101 (805) 564-5530 stearns wharf has fun recreation, great restaurants, and amazing creatures at the sea center. stearns wharf is located adjacent to the harbor in santa barbara, california. when completed in 1872, it became the longest deep-water wharf between san pedro and san francisco. named for its builder, local lumberman john p. stearns, the wharf served the passenger and freight shipping needs of california's south coast for over a quarter century. find more details, visit stearns wharf history . 
casinos :chumash casino resort 3400 ca-246, santa ynez, ca 93460 (805) 686-0855 nestled in santa barbara county's beautiful wine country, chumash casino resort is truly an adventure in escapism. chumash casino resort's main attraction is its world-class gaming floor that is open 24 hours a day, seven days a week. exciting gaming on your schedule enjoy the fast-paced action of slots, table games, poker and bingo any time you want! 
dining : taste the best of the central coast's food and drinks in the american riviera®. from the santa ynez valley to downtown santa barbara you'll find the freshest ingredients on your table and in your glass at restaurants in santa barbara. locally sourced, farm-to-table meals, craft brews and critically acclaimed wines await your palate. when it comes to food and drink here, perhaps the hardest choice you'll make is where to dine. fresh-off-the-boat seafood, santa maria-style barbecue, authentic mexican cuisine and other coastal-inspired creations all pair perfectly with local wines and beers.
events : whether you have a hankering for wine tasting, fine dining, or shopping, santa barbara delivers. visitors and locals enjoy the events in santa barbara with picturesque spanish colonial architecture and plenty of recreational opportunities, from the santa ynez mountains to the central california coastline. happy trails!
golf : santa barbara golf courses range from greens to blues, hillsides to countrysides. it only makes sense that the american riviera ® possesses some of the most incredible golf courses in the country. santa barbara offers six public 18-hole courses, four of which are a short drive from downtown santa barbara. there are also several nine-hole golf courses that include practice facilities. from the rolling greens of glen annie golf club to sandpiper golf course , which is just within earshot of the crashing surf, or at award-winning rancho san marcos golf course that winds through nearby ranchland on the backside of the rugged santa ynez mountains, golfing in santa barbara is always a memorable experience. 
government :city of santa barbara 735 anacapa street santa barbara, ca 93101 (805) 963-0611 headed by the city council, which is composed of a mayor and six council members, the santa barbara city government is an organization dedicated to serving the people of our community. in the government section of the city web site you will find useful information about your boards and commissions, laws, city budget, employment, ​and contact information so that you can get in touch and communicate with those who serve you. 
hospitals :santa barbara cottage hospital 400 w pueblo st, santa barbara, ca 93105 (805) 682-7111 website thank you for choosing cottage health (ch) for your healthcare needs. for over 125 years, our not-for-profit health system has been providing advanced medical care for patients throughout california. today, our nationally recognized services provide families with the patient-centered care they deserve. in 1888, a group of 50 santa barbara women recognized it was time for the growing community to have a hospital — a not-for-profit facility dedicated to the well-being and good health of all residents, regardless of one's ability to pay. 
shopping : no trip to santa barbara would be complete without a healthy dose of shopping. and shopping here comes with its own distinct flair. in santa barbara, a day spent shopping could just as easily be billed “exercise,” thanks to plenty of walking and fresh air. then again, you could call it “sightseeing,” as the beautiful adobes of state street and eclectic artistry of the funk zone are set against a background of the mountains, the ocean, or a cluster of red-tiled roofs, as though waiting for their close-up. or you might call what you're up to “exploring,” as you wander through paseo nuevo , one of santa barbara's open-air malls. 
wineries : santa barbara county wine country santa ynez valley wines, grape to glass in solvang, buellton, ballard, los alamos, los olivos and santa ynez.solvang wine tasting and touring is a memorable and definitely not-to-be-missed experience in santa barbara county wine country of solvang and the santa ynez valley. local grapes are planted, nurtured and crafted into award-winning wines that are sipped and savored worldwide. more than 120 vineyards most of the 120+ wineries in the area are boutique and family-owned. stroll through one of these vibrant vineyards or visit more than 20 tastings rooms in downtown solvang. area wineries welcome visitors year-round and it's easy and fun to do self-directed wine tours or enjoy guided tours. oscar-winning 2004 movie sideways , shot on location here, helped plant solvang firmly in the wine scene. wine tasting events abound throughout the year, so be sure to visit our events calendar for complete details. 
university : university of california, santa barbara uc santa barbara santa barbara, ca 93106 (805) 893-8000 palm-framed vistas of the blue pacific and the golden santa ynez mountains. the scent of eucalyptus mixed with the saltwater breeze. breathtaking natural beauty combined with enormous intellectual vitality. this is the university of california, santa barbara, and there is no other campus quite like it.here on the edge of the pacific, in a setting removed from urban pressures and distractions but vibrant with cultural and academic activity, many of the country's most promising students join a community of scholars whose accomplishments are internationally recognized and whose skills as teachers are evident each day in classrooms and laboratories. in the humanities and the arts as well as in engineering and the sciences, uc santa barbara introduces students to novel ways of thinking, learning, and conducting research. 

welcome to our great hotel in santa barbara california with affordable rates and cheap budget discount lodging. cabrillo inn at the beach welcomes you to our budget hotel in santa barbara california. cabrillo inn at the beach will provide you excellent customer service with great amenities in comparison to all hotels and motels in santa barbara california. please visit us on your next stay in santa barbara california and let us provide you with 4 star hospitality for 2 to 3 star budget rates. cabrillo inn at the beach has been providing lodging and accommodations in santa barbara california for several years and looks forward to providing our valued customer and business traveler with the best service in santa barbara california for hotels and motels in our local area. 















 discover them at the cabrillo inn at the beach hotel by east beach santa barbara. our oceanfront hotel location overlooks the pristine white sands of santa barbara's most desirable "east beach", the pacific ocean and the channel islands. our "east beach" location is convenient for sunbathing, bicycling, rollerblading, strolls on the beach, dining , and nearby shopping in either montecito or santa barbara historic stearns wharf , yacht harbor and downtown "state street" are one mile away. 







web accessible site

ada compliance policy
ada text website
accessibility

 


links

travel directory
home
rooms 
amenities
contact cabrillo inn at the beach santa barbara california ca 
privacy policy
terms






contact us
 931 east cabrillo blvd santa barbara, ca 93103
 1(800)648-6708
 1(805) 966-1641
 monday - sunday: 8am to 10pm. office closes at 10 pm no late arrivals or call before 


santa barbara
 santa barbara american riviera 
santa barbara government 
things to do in santa barbara ca. 
county of santa barbara 
santa barbara chamber of commerce hotels motels 
stearns wharf  
chumash casino





designed by myeres.com and one sop pms.com







































