


















nursing school in phoenix | bsn, ms, dnp, phd nursing programs













































    your browser does not support the video tag.
  



play hero video



pause


repeatedly ranked among top nursing programs

by u.s. news & world report



      attend information session
    

      visit campus
    













chart your health career at edson college.from nursing to health care innovation, community health to clinical research management our dynamic degree programs reflect the vast array of roles available in the health care industry. whether you’re interested in working at the bedside, in the boardroom, or somewhere in between, edson college will help you get there.




request information






 

















    asu news
    
  















why edson college

















#6 best doctor of nursing practice - gerontology concentrationu.s. news & world report, 2025






#26 best doctor of nursing practice programu.s. news & world report, 2025








95%
nclex first time pass rate











4 research centers+59m edson college research expenditures since 2015















where you get your degree matters. at arizona state university’s edson college of nursing and health innovation, you will learn from highly respected faculty teaching in our nationally recognized and accredited programs. chart your health career today!




learn more














a legacy of careour graduates deliver comprehensive care, both in hospitals and community settings. they gain hands-on experience in advanced simulations, innovate with cross-disciplinary partners, and conduct research with esteemed faculty. more than a top-tier education, graduates receive the essential training and skills to improve the health and well-being of our communities.






















  degree programs




















next stepsstart your journey with edson collegeexplore our campuses and degrees, request information or connect with our admissions team before submitting your application.










visit campuslearn more about asu’s admission processes and explore our learning environment through an in-person tour.apply nowfind out more about admission requirements and start your application for admission today.














    asu events
    
  














































 

contact

give to edson






                  programs
                  




undergraduate
graduate
continuing education








                  connect
                  




edson college employment
hire a graduate/intern
stay connected
edson college hub
media












maps and locations
jobs
directory
contact asu
my asu















copyright and trademark
accessibility
privacy
terms of use
emergency















