



  


morocco & the casbah dance experience











































home
about 

bio

accolades
reviews
awards

dance
repertoire
mission statement
support my work

caveat


classes
events 

all upcoming events
seminars
guest seminars
trips
past events


musings 

articles
special people
recommended books
recommended links
blog


shop 

account login


media 

photos
video


contact
 






















featured writings


getting down to floorwork
first published in habibi – 1970s  by morocco (c.v.dinicu) in addition to her ongoing teaching and performing activities, morocco has been doing week-long seminars, commuting to europe twice a year to do seminars and concerts, leading tours to egypt, turkey and morocco, and making research trips. long-time contributor morocco revives the debate on the historical authenticity and appropriateness of the use of floorwork in the dance. a while ago in habibi there was a letter from a man who said... read more


if prices are up all over, why are oriental dancers getting less?
fantasia, vol 5 #5, sept/oct 1982 by morocco when i started in this business, just after noah landed his ark, milk was 18 cents a quart, yogurt 16 cents a pint (flavored), tuna in water 31 cents a... read more


dance as community identity in selected berber nations of morocco
from the ethereal and sublime to the erotic and sexual (for the congress on research in dance & the society of dance history scholars conference/ lincoln center, new york city, june 1993) i. guedra: spreading soul’s love &... read more


 reviews


the definitive guide-more entertaining than many performances
the definitive guide – and a book more entertaining than many performances!, may 2, 2012 by shantimar (athens, greece) this review is for: you asked aunt rocky: answers & advice about raqs sharqi and raqs shaabi (perfect paperback)... read more


technique frees dancer’s soul
the great classical /ethnic dancer and dance scholar, la meri, has commented: “the only reason for mastering technique is to make sure the body does not prevent the soul from expressing itself.” a wonderful technique is so misvalued,... read more


a weekend with morocco “aunt rocky” in salina, kansas!
it was by chance that i stumbled upon a facebook event for morocco’s workshop in salina, ks. honestly, i knew little of this incredible woman who calls herself “aunt rocky,” and had no idea what to expect. morocco... read more


 

 

search for:






the book
upcoming events



			there are no upcoming events.
		


					view calendar
					





							add
						






				add to timely calendar
			




				add to google
			




				add to outlook
			




				add to apple calendar
			




				add to other calendar
			




				export to xml
			






upcoming classes





feb
17
mon





												6:30 pm
											

											basics/ intermediate oriental (t...
																							@ online




basics/ intermediate oriental (t...
@ online


					feb 17 @ 6:30 pm – 8:00 pm
			



class attire barefoot or flats: no high heels, stockinged feet or street shoes. leotard/tights, sweats or skirt & top: must show body’s outline & permit visibility of movement. a scarf or shawl to tie around your hips. please... read more










							add
						






				add to timely calendar
			




				add to google
			




				add to outlook
			




				add to apple calendar
			




				add to other calendar
			




				export to xml
			






					view classes
					
 

from the archives
filed under articles 
filed under reviews 
filed under repertoire 



dance as community identity in selected berber nations of morocco
from the ethereal and sublime to the erotic and sexual (for the congress on research in dance & the society of dance history scholars conference/ lincoln center, new york city, june 1993) i. guedra: spreading soul’s love &... read more





mendocino dance camp (email reviews)
sep 9, 1998 mendocino dance & music camp hi, rocky! i had such a wonderful time during your classes at the mendocino music and dance camp this year. you are such an amazing and thorough teacher.  i’m so... read more





guedra: benediction & betrothal



 





all content © morocco & the casbah dance experience | don't steal - read the caveat! 




















 


