









ustrc - united states team roping championships





































toggle navigation








home
finals

cinch ladies
resistol jr champ
winner's circle


news
schedule
results

all events
cinch ladies
resistol jr champ


join
rules & info

rulebook
at-home challenge


sponsors
contact
login























winner's circle


meet the 2024 nftr champions!






















top headlines




            welcome to 2025 team ropers! this year, you can expect to see more of our signature series qualifiers in some different geographical areas along with some new faces of first class producers we are pleased to add to our team. remember that all of these qualifiers allow winners 1st through 3rd in the average to receive discounted entries to the cinch nftr.               for immediate release cinch nftr - highest team count in roping industry the cinch national finals of team roping continues to boast the highest team count in the roping industry while paying out nearly $3.3 million in cash plus an additional quarter million in prizes to nearly 5500 teams from all over the united states, canada, mexico, and south america.              for 21 & under ropers - discount deadline extended for 2024 cinch nftr! for those of you who are working to get your 10 entries and still take advantage of discounts we have extended the key card/max on-line discount deadline for 21u ropers to close at 2pm cst online at globalhandicaps.com no later than the day before each scheduled event.              at home challenge 2024 starting february 10th , mark your calendars! ustrc at home challenge is back.  for more news click here











ustrc schedule



   

    ustrc- north florida championship  signature series feb 22-23 baker, fl      ustrc- south texas championships  signature series feb 22-23 gonzales , tx      ustrc- florida championships super qualifier  signature series mar 01-02 live oak, fl      ustrc- franklin tn  signature series mar 15-16 franklin, tn  

view full schedule











































































 


about

nftr
contact
sponsors



join

membership
rulebook
global handicaps



 


follow ustrc






copyright ©  equine network, llc. all rights reserved
                the ustrc is a for-profit organization. use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the ustrc online user agreement.












