



malheur county oregon – malheur county official web site
































skip to content 

search

search for:



tranlator



 





malheur county oregon





 








welcome to malheur county 


it is the mission of malheur county to administrate an economically sound local government, while maintaining the highest standards of leadership and service.
malheur county is located in beautiful eastern oregon. it is a place filled with fascinating history, diverse landscape and friendly people. malheur county is one of oregon’s best-kept secrets! located in oregon’s southeast corner, the county is the state’s second largest. it is 94 percent rangeland, two-thirds of which is controlled by the federal bureau of land management. today, irrigated fields in the county’s northeastern corner, 
read more






notice of public hearing before the malheur county court 

notice of public hearing before the malheur county court
the malheur county court will hold a hearing on february 19, 2025 at 9:30 a.m. at the malheur county courthouse, 251 b street west, vale, room 106 and electronically at:  https://meet.goto.com/mcpz/malheur-county-court access code:  299-510-653 to consider a petition to annex property into the ontario rural fire protection district.  the property is approximately 152.36 acres, contiguous with the boundaries of the fire district.  the petition, legal description and map of the proposed annexation can be viewed by accessing www.malheurco.org.  public comments may be given at the hearing.  written comments must be received before the hearing and emailed to:  kim.ross@malheurco.org.
 
click here for the copy of this notice
click here for the copy of the petition
click here for the copy of the map
click here for the copy of the legal exhibit a















**new**    the county now has a payment drop box 

the county now has a drive-up payment drop box, entrance is off of “c” street west. please do not put cash in drop box.
the malheur county drive-up drop box is available for:
tax payments
juvenile department
planning department
environmental health
assessor office
clerk/recording office
do not place payments to any other department in this box
do not place voting ballots in this box (the official ballot box has been moved and is to the immediate right of the payment drop box)
if you are placing payment or paperwork in the drop box, please indicate with an account number or the department it is pertaining to.
the drop box is located behind the courthouse on the corner of c street and bryant street, entrance is off of c street.







alertsense 

malheur county alerts:   sign up to receive emergency alerts and severe weather warnings that could directly impact you and your family. this free service, powered by alertsense,  allows fire, police and other emergency response agencies to issue emergency alerts to warn citizens of events such as severe weather, fire, flooding, hazardous materials, need for … read more







 


menu 
home
county departments

nyssa offices

building department


ontario offices

ambulance service district
economic development
extension service
fair / desert sage event center
health department
justice courts

justice court pay fines online
malheur county civil / small claims dept.
malheur mental health court


probation & parole

level 3 sex offenders list
malheur county most wanted

most wanted tips


malheur county sheriff’s office


veteran services


vale offices

administration

budgets & audits
insurance
union contracts


assessor
border region review board
county clerk

property value appeals board (pvab) – formally bopta
county court agendas & minutes
county clerk fee schedule
county clerk records requests
marriage licenses
marriage faq’s
election information

candidate information
election results




county court (commission)

boards/commissions/committees
county court agendas & minutes
county court public notices


county counsel
district attorney

district attorney information

criminal justice system
district attorney faqs

child support enforcement unit


d.a. victim services




emergency management
environmental health

environmental health consultations
food handler certification
licensed facilities programs – malheur and baker counties
licensed facility complaint form
online inspections
onsite wastewater treatment program (oregon deq)
procedures and criteria for installing a new septic system
public drinking water program
septic onsite complaint form
solid waste program (landfill)
what you should know about a septic system


geographic information system
information services
jail
juvenile department
malheur county circuit court 9th judicial district

ojd courts epay


parks department
planning

forms
gis maps
malheur county comprehensive plan
public notices/staff reports/approved minutes


public safety
road department
state watermaster
sheriff
surveyor

fees
records information
survey online map


tax office
treasurer
vector control
weed inspector




online payments

justice court fines pay online
ojd courts epay
property taxes pay online


public notices

public records request / policy
county court agendas, minutes, and schedule of payments
county court public notices

campsite removal policy under ors 195.500-195.505
ordinance 210 prohibiting marijuana under hb 3400
ordinance 206 relating to medical marijuana
ordinance 228 -prohibiting establishment of psilocybin


public meetings law grievance process
bid process
tax department notices of seizure and sale of personal property for the collection of delinquent taxes
planning public notices/staff reports/approved minutes


searches

assessor property inquiry
clerk recording web query
county code, malheur county
gis address points
gis malheur county online map
job opportunities with malheur county
marriage license search
oregon ecourt circuit court calendars
probate search
wolf sighting map


election results
calendar
special programs

malheur county community mental health, local alcohol and drug and development disabilities advisory committee
transportation program


contact us
employment

employment applicant login
in-house job openings
job interest cards
job opportunities with malheur county
veterans’ preference form (ors 408.230)
resident applicant preference form


employee services

asset control form
car pool
ctrack team site
employee email
ftp login
help desk
in-house job openings
insurance
i.s. equipment checkout form
policy & information manual for employees
reserve a conference room
safety inspection form
staff how to

allworx phone manual
allworx phone training videos


union contracts


faqs

where do i find the most recent election results?
how do i get a marriage license?
how can i bail my friend out of jail?
i think there is a warrant for me. how do i find out?
when is my trial?
where can i get a restraining order?
i want my road (county only) graded, plowed, paved, vacated. who do i call?
are building permits issued at the courthouse?
where do i get information on flood warnings and local river flows?
where can i get road condition information for oregon?
i’m looking for the extension service. who are they, and what do they do?
what kind of weed is this?
how can i obtain a copy of the malheur county code?
i have questions about transporting material into oregon. who do i call for trip permits?
do i have to have a burn permit?
when is the landfill open?
does the county have any land for sale?
where do i file small claims?


regional links

government resources
education k-12
education universities/colleges
visitor information


disclaimer
surplus auctions
 

 








calendar 

 








 malheur county | 251 “b” st. west | vale, or 97918 |
send questions or comments about this website to webmaster@malheurco.org
login

 

©2025 malheur county oregon, all rights reserved.				




 










