






sake world - by john gauntner





































 

 








 sake world 

by  john gauntner
 













 


  menu

skip to content

homesake industry news
about sake

sake education videos on youtube
how sake is made

sake brewing process
the koji
the land
the people

happy mother’s day


the rice
the water
the yeast


types of sake

sake flavor profiles
shochu and awamori
special sake
the grades of sake at a glance


sake and food
sake faq

aging sake
regionality in sake
sake cocktails
sake glossary
sake temperature: hot or cold?
links




sake professional course

sake professional course live online #13 march-april 2025
spc syllabus
testimonials


store & free stuff

iphone app – the sake dictionary
kampai! for the love of sake
newsletter archives! ten years of sake world newsletters!
store help
educational products
books
free download: the least you need to know about sake

the least you need to know about sake


free newsletter
free stuff
20 years of sake newsletter archives


blog
who is this guy?

contact john


日本語



 



 


 welcome to john gauntner's sake world!                    



















the sake world blogmiscellaneous sake-related writings, with the occasional sumo post too.  

interested in learning about sake? sign up for sake professional course live online in march / april!study sake from the comfort of your own home, or workplace! 

sake today - the world's first and only sake magazine!  

interested in learning about sake? sign up for sake professional course live online in march / april!study sake from the comfort of your own home, or workplace! 

announcing the 13th sake professional course live online, march-april 2025! 
  sake professional course live online #13 in march-april! click on sake professional course tab for details.   






all you need to know about sake
this site contains all you need to know about sake: what it is, how it is made, what to drink and more. peruse he most comprehensive sake site in existence at your leisure. no sake stone remains left unturned! enjoy!

read more »








sake professional course live online #13
the next sake professional course will again be held in brooklyn, ny inside brooklyn kura in october, 2024 "no sake stone remains left unturned" in this in-depth, thorough educational program. learn more here!

read more »








sake industry news
keep up on what is happening in the sake industry japan! subscribe to sake industry news today. 

read more »








sake education videos on youtube
interested in learning about sake through videos? check out my youtube channel, sake education videos. 

read more »



be it online or in person, "no sake stone remains left unturned" in sake professional course. keep up with the sake world by reading sake industry news. your first two issues are on us!  

 








search for:


searchok

 






		sake world | powered by mantra &   wordpress.	
 


















