





hulver's site || no soliciting


















diarieseverythingwho's online?faq / 
help





















in memoriam




by aphrael (wed nov 11, 2015 at 02:46:06 pm est)   (all tags)

in flanders fields the poppies blow
between the crosses, row on row,
that mark our place; and in the sky
the larks, still bravely singing, fly
scarce heard amid the guns below.
we are the dead. short days ago
we lived, felt dawn, saw sunset glow,
loved and were loved, and now we lie
in flanders fields.
take up our quarrel with the foe:
to you from failing hands we throw
the torch; be yours to hold it high.
if ye break faith with us who die
we shall not sleep, though poppies grow
in flanders fields.

--------------------
today, we remember. 



(4 comments, 1258 words in story) full story








888.com




by hulver (thu apr 09, 2015 at 07:46:19 am est)   (all tags)


		hi 

my name is dave, and  i’m an seo account manager for 888.com. 

due to the latest google algorithm changes we are currently doing a lot  of hard work to clean up a lot of the incoming links to our site to  comply with google’s quality guidelines. 

we detected this link coming from your site,  http://www.hulver.com/scoop/story/2005/4/12/53312/5077


it would really mean a lot to us if you could remove the links. 
this link is harmful for our site as well as yours. 

we really appreciate your effort and time and let us know if we can help  you in any way. 

best regards, 
dave 
seo account manager  



(22 comments, 499 words in story) full story








stupid emotional nerd




by gedvondur (fri feb 27, 2015 at 12:57:57 pm est)  dammit all (all tags)


		rest in peace, leonard nimoy.  i'll miss you.



(10 comments, 462 words in story) full story








in memoriam.




by aphrael (mon nov 10, 2014 at 09:56:28 pm est)   (all tags)

in flanders fields the poppies blow
between the crosses, row on row,
that mark our place; and in the sky
the larks, still bravely singing, fly
scarce heard amid the guns below.
a hundred years ago today, the german army, having swept through belgium and into northwestern france, had been forced back from the marne and had set up defensive trenches that they would occupy, across the killing fields of flanders from the french and british trenches, for most of the next four years.
we are the dead. short days ago
we lived, felt dawn, saw sunset glow,
loved and were loved, and now we lie
in flanders fields.
a hundred years ago today, the austro-hungarian army had finally (after months of incompetence and failure) broken the back of the serbian army and were marching on belgrade. they would take it, but they'd hold it for less than two weeks, and it would take another year for them to recapture the city.
take up our quarrel with the foe:
to you from failing hands we throw
the torch; be yours to hold it high.
if ye break faith with us who die
we shall not sleep, though poppies grow
in flanders fields.
a hundred years ago today, the initial russian invasion of prussia had collapsed, but the simultaneous invasion of galicia had succeeded. przemysl lay besieged, its inhabitants starving and dying of cholera.
a hundred years ago today, the russian army and the germany army engaged outside of lodz, a battle which would see 280,000 killed, wounded, or captured in a meaningless fight that had no clear victor.
and this was just the beginning.



(7 comments, 2130 words in story) full story








hobby lobby




by aphrael (mon jun 30, 2014 at 09:58:17 pm est)   (all tags)


		the supreme court today handed down a decision in the case of three lawsuits challenging the rule, promulgated by the department of health and human services, which required those companies to pay for employee health insurance which included free coverage for certain contraceptive techniques the companies objected to. the decision ignited a firestorm of controversy and outrage, much of it not responsive to what the court was actually saying or ruling.
this decision does not say that, broadly speaking, companies can avoid paying for the health insurance of their employees. it does not say that, broadly speaking, companies do not have to pay for contraceptive care. it does not say that, as some commentators have had it, women are second-class citizens, that contraceptive care isn’t important or isn’t health care, or that only christian religious beliefs are protected. it is a very narrow decision, as we have generally come to expect from justice alito, and it deliberately calls out many of the potential extreme extensions of the law as things which the decision does not hold.
that said, in my view, it’s also a deeply flawed decision which carries grave and serious risks if it is not carefully cabined. 



(25 comments, 1794 words in story) full story








naming conventions




by anonimouse (tue jul 16, 2013 at 11:45:04 am est)  novel, slang, hahaha, law (all tags)


		the current uk chief justice had a perfect name for the role - igor judge (known as lord judge)



(15 comments, 71 words in story) full story








inevitable.




by technician (mon dec 17, 2012 at 01:53:45 pm est)   (all tags)


		i'm tired just thinking about it, but let's not get into it without at least understanding some things. about guns. in america. 



(50 comments, 2292 words in story) full story








lhusi drinks




by hulver (mon oct 15, 2012 at 12:02:44 pm est)   (all tags)


		unusually timed lhusi drinks.
sunday, 21st october. starting in the afternoon sometime. 



(32 comments, 124 words in story) full story








camping




by technician (mon may 07, 2012 at 04:41:31 pm est)   (all tags)


		i am a mushroom cloud laying motherfucker, motherfucker. 



(26 comments, 1793 words in story) full story








thinking about food security




by misslake (mon apr 30, 2012 at 04:08:04 pm est)   (all tags)


		i've been thinking a lot about food security lately, attending toronto's food policy council meetings and getting ready for my trip to cuba.
ni and i like to make stuff ourselves, like bread and beer, wine and meals from scratch, and we like to grow our own food. it's fun to have made something all by myself.



(32 comments, 643 words in story) full story






next 10 >>






			 login
	












make a new account






username:







password:



















			 new diaries
	

to the emperor!
by atreides
what the fuck is this?
by atreides
still alive !
by phage
dizzy spells
by theophileescargot
to the emperor! 
by atreides
books i've read this year 2024
by theophileescargot
one world, it's a battleground
by theophileescargot




			 new section stories
	

standing in another man's grave
	by anonymous
amazon products

men in black 3 [dvd] [2012]
	by anonymous
amazon products

kolchak - the night stalker
	by anonymous
amazon products

voodoo histories: the role of the conspiracy theory in shaping modern history
	by anonymous
amazon products

gojira [blu-ray]
	by anonymous
amazon products

bad samaritans: the myth of free trade and the secret history of capitalism
	by anonymous
amazon products

monsters
	by anonymous
amazon products





			 new users to husi
	

denizjohn
narkoprasek
certificatepros
naitly
gacor
beausconce
xth again
3386 total registered users





			 older front page stories
	


thursday december 22nd
- to those that give (8 comments)
	
thursday november 10th
- in memoriam (9 comments)
	
tuesday august 23rd
- eight days (30 comments)
	
saturday august 13th
- thoughts on the riots (25 comments)
	
monday august 1st
- on the way between there and here. (6 comments)
	
wednesday july 6th
- so where was i? (12 comments)
	
friday july 1st
- automatic asshole correction (15 comments)
	
sunday may 22nd
- we owe it to each other to tell stories. (10 comments)
	
monday may 9th
- there was, once. (21 comments)
	
wednesday april 27th
- another good moment (10 comments)
            
older stories...





			 theme picker
	



none
dark
user_supplied
old-skool
mobile











 










 

all trademarks and copyrights on this page are owned by their respective companies.  comments and stories are owned by the poster and licensed to "hulver's site". see our copyright page for more information.

faq |
help |
accounts



