







food first – institute for food & development policy



























































































 






  





















food first


























menu

 


about us
programs

fellows program
seed + grant program


publications

newsletters
features
articles
videos
events
past events


support

one-time gift
monthly donation
living legacy
donate stock
in honor of


get involved
join our team
contact us
archive













 







 








donate











search for:






















where foodjustice grows 
							the institute for food and development policy, better known as food first, works to end the injustices that cause hunger through research, education and action. 
							 support food first 
							
 


get involved with food first and become part of a passionate community dedicated to making a significant difference. 
							join hands with us and be a catalyst for positive change as we fight against food injustices. 
							 get involved 
							 


















 



 



 







food first 



our vision 



the institute for food and development policy, better known as food first, envisions a world in which all people have access to healthy, ecologically produced, and culturally appropriate food.   



after 40 years of analysis of the global food system, we know that making this vision a reality involves more than technical solutions — it requires action and political transformation. that’s why food first supports activists, social movements, alliances, and coalitions working for systemic change.  






support our vision 




 


















 



 



 







food first 



our mission 



the mission of food first is to end the injustices that cause hunger. 



our work—including action-oriented research, publications, and projects — gives you the tools to understand the global food system, build your local food movement, and engage with the global movement for food sovereignty. as a people’s think and do tank,” we are dedicated to ending the injustices that cause hunger and supporting communities to take back control of their food systems. we advance our mission through three interrelated work areas: research, education and action. these work areas are designed to promote informed citizen engagement with the institutions and policies that control our food and to integrate local, national and global efforts. for 40+ years our work informed by a vast network of activist-researchers, supported communities and social movements at the forefront of change in the food system. our goal, now, is to not only continue that legacy, but to broaden our actions aimed at amplifying bipoc-led voices in the communities and movements that expose the root causes of hunger, mobilize local food system implementation strategies, and advance real solutions. 






support our mission 




 


















our team 












our team 


























food first staff 



							food first prides itself on assembling a dedicated and diverse team of professionals who are passionate about creating a positive impact in the fight for the food sovereignty. our staff members are a vibrant tapestry of talents, experiences, and expertise, united by a shared commitment. from marketing wizards to logistics maestros, our business-minded professionals work tirelessly to ensure seamless operations for the organization. view our staff members. 


















board of directorsfood first’s board of directors is composed primarily of community-based activists who ensure that the organization’s work remains focused on the issues that matter most to people’s daily lives. view all the board members. 







fellowsa talented group of early career thought leaders dedicating their careers to supporting grassroots struggles and advancing the global movement for food sovereignty. 







consultantsour consultants are talented and highly qualified professionals that support food first with the coordination of fundraising, social media, and administrative duties. view all the consultants. 















 







contact us 











call us 



1-877- 622-3031 



























 



















































subscribe to the food first news and views newsletter 







*first name: 
*last name: 
*email: 


 






 

























for business communication, vendors, etc. (excluding charitable donations), contact us using our administrative office address: 



institute for food & development policy (food first) 490 43rd street #1032oakland, ca 94609 







for donations, please send to our institute for food & development policy gift procession office: 



institute for food & development policyp.o. box 31001-3469pasadena, ca 91110-3469 







get in touch 



for donations, please contact development@foodfirst.org. for all other non donation inquiries, please send inquires to info@foodfirst.org. 



1-877- 622-3031 







social 







 
facebook





 
twitter (x)





 
instagram





 
youtube















© 2024 — institute for food & development policy. all rights reserved. 







privacy policy 












 


 
























































