








all saints’ episcopal church, palo alto, silicon valley ca – progressive christianity in the heart of silicon valley














































skip to content
who we arewho we aregrace notespast servicesour historywhat to expectepiscopal churcheventsworship schedules and event calendarpast musical performancesart at all saintsoutreachbuilding bridges togetherfood closethotel de zinkimmigration and refugees action groupdowntown streetsleadershipdonateministriessearch
















 
slide join usholy eucharist, sundays 10 a.m. in person.this service is also streamed and recorded, on our
facebook page and our youtube channel.
worship in the roundthe second sunday of each month, in the sanctuary, at 5 pm, with supper to follow in the parish hall.the next service is on sunday, february 9thjoin us! 





welcome
we strive to be a church where everyone is welcome and valued no matter where you come from, how long you stay, or whether you are used to attending church or not. whether you are visiting family or friends, here on business, or looking for a parish that feels right, we would love to have you visit. 
our church reflects the fantastic variety of people living in this dynamic community. we are partnered and single, old and young, gay and straight, born here or elsewhere.  some of us have a sure christian faith and some struggle with belief.  we strive to be a family where everyone matters and is encouraged to be a part of our community.  wherever you are in your journey of faith and whatever your doubts, your fears, and your questions, you are welcome at all saints episcopal church palo alto.
holy eucharist 10-11:15 a.m. sundays in person, on facebook and youtube.morning prayer 10-10:30 a.m. wednesdays on zoom by request.worship in the round 5:00 p.m. second sunday of each month, in person.


all saints episcopal church palo alto is a non-profit that is supported by the parishioners, visitors and the community. you can donate directly to all saints episcopal church palo alto via credit, debit, or ach via realm or paypal using the button below:


















find us all saints episcopal church palo alto
555 waverley street
palo alto, ca 94301
(650) 322-4528‎ | contact us
directions & map
holy eucharist 10-11:15 a.m. sundays in person, on facebook and youtube.
morning prayer 10-10:30 a.m. wednesdays on zoom by request.
worship in the round 5:00 p.m. second sunday of each month, in person.

all are welcome all saints episcopal church palo alto has been a place of refuge and welcome to members of the lgbtqpia+ community for decades and is proud to continue living our words.

popular linksyoutube
facebook
calendar
ministries
church leadership
food closet
facility rentals
location and contact information
diocese of el camino real
donate


search
















©2025 • all saints episcopal church palo alto: progressive christianity in the heart of silicon valley • powered by conversions theme












start typing and press enter to search

search










