
















image's home page - image journal


































































 





 










skip to content







about

about image
advertise
contact


donate
journal

read

current issue
browse by issue
browse by genre

editorial statement
essays
interviews
poetry
short stories
visual art
book reviews




subscribe
submit
purchase

back issues & subscriptions
recommended reading


image reading groups


more media

instudio
resources

newsletters

imageupdate


black art matters
film & faith

top 100 films
films on memory
horror films
comedy films
films on marriage
road films




image media archive

podcast
2020 summer stage video house
home alone together exhibition




programs

the glen workshop
image intensives  & seminars
levertov award
image reading groups


archive login

log-in popup
log-in trouble?


logout
search for: 



 





×
search for: 



 










image journal






 
staff































































































 



 



 



 




















visual art
greening wisdom
josh tiessen










editorial statement
auguries and offerings
molly mccully brown











poetry
overlooking the desert
aaron fagan











culture
book reviews on ross gay & amy leach
jane zwart











visual art
in the studio
victor majzner






































more in issue 123
















as we put our winter issue together, we noticed several themes emerging. you’ll see candles, time-worn scraps of paper, and a set of images we think of as “eden after the fall.” there are several gardens—some that are havens, others that reflect the world’s troubles—and marriage with all its beauties and difficulties, including sex, companionship, aging, and illness. in her first editorial as editor in chief, molly mccully brown weaves these strands together. you’ll also find a surprisingly theological interview with a stand-up comedian, a documentary film about a dress made of nettles, a grandmother who is mysteriously knowledgeable about cuban art history, and more.
get image delivered: www.imagejournal.org/subscribe
on the cover: josh tiessen. the ferret trials, 2022. oil on baltic birch. 12 x 12 inches.
















subscribe








discussion questions





















in issue 123












as we put our winter issue together, we noticed several themes emerging. you’ll see candles, time-worn scraps of paper, and a set of images we think of as “eden after the fall.” there are several gardens—some that are havens, others that reflect the world’s troubles—and marriage with all its beauties and difficulties, including sex, companionship, aging, and illness. in her first editorial as editor in chief, molly mccully brown weaves these strands together. you’ll also find a surprisingly theological interview with a stand-up comedian, a documentary film about a dress made of nettles, a grandmother who is mysteriously knowledgeable about cuban art history, and more.
get image delivered: www.imagejournal.org/subscribe
on the cover: josh tiessen. the ferret trials, 2022. oil on baltic birch. 12 x 12 inches.







































































join us for gatherings and educational opportunities uniquely tailored for a community of spiritual grapplers and explorers
















        receive imageupdate, our free weekly newsletter
        * indicates required

email address  *








 
































image has hired its next editor in chief! read more about molly mccully brown and image's next era.















































 

 







image
usa: 16915 se 272nd st, suite #100-213, covington, wa 98042
image@imagejournal.org  |  206-659-6008

subscription service 
custsvc_image@fulcoinc.com | 866-481-0688  content © 1989 - 2025 center for religious humanism
back to top ^ 






to experience the full archive, log in or subscribe now.




 
                login
              


 subscribe














forgot passwordonly know your subscriber account number?


 









receive imageupdate, our free weekly newsletter featuring the best from image and the world of arts & faith
* indicates required
email address *













   












































