





fourth street lofts – a blog for residents of oakland's fourth street lofts


























toggle navigation










skip to content




 




search for:




 



 











fourth street lofts
a blog for residents of oakland's fourth street lofts








 

scroll down to content






latest posts






 


night shiftby andrew johnstoneramblingsposted on march 17, 2023march 17, 2023comments are disabled

the painting by andrew johnstone was inspired… installation day!




a sienna and blue color scheme?by jim piredesignposted on may 26, 2011may 27, 2011comments are disabled

i received a request to render the hallway this four-color scheme. i rendered it with a lot more lighting than we currently have in the hallways. note that the pipes and the baseboards are not black – they are a very dark brown. surprise! i like it! if you’re surprised by color in the rendering, … 
read more “a sienna and blue color scheme?”





 


most accurate rendering yetby jim piredesignposted on may 23, 2011march 17, 2023comments are disabled

ok, now this really is what the hallway outside my loft looks like. i fixed the lighting, added the fire suppression and a more realistic ceiling. wow. here’s a closer look at some of the detail. let’s have a closer look. or, even closer! looks like i’ve got a screw loose!




more pieces of the puzzleby jim piredesignposted on may 22, 2011may 24, 2011comments are disabled

my first rendering of a pair of hallway doors is below. i still have a few small things to add, but overall, it’s pretty accurate. i rendered this scene with a bit more light than is in the real scene. this image looks as if it was lit for a photo. when i render it … 
read more “more pieces of the puzzle”




the elevator’s in!by jim piredesignposted on may 21, 2011may 24, 2011comments are disabled

the elevator was extruded from a single photograph. it adds a lot or realism to the scene, wouldn’t you agree? seems like there needs to be one more photograph in the scene. the wall behind the pillar looks lonely. i wonder if my neighbors could help me locate some decent high-resolution photographs of old oakland … 
read more “the elevator’s in!”




warm gray with the panelingby jim piredesignposted on may 21, 2011may 21, 2011comments are disabled

another variation, this time with the paneling left intact. this is actually the recommendation of the architect. they suggest we try to “work with it”. this is a similar gray to the one used in the last render. this would be early morning light. i’m not sure if the sun ever comes into the lobby … 
read more “warm gray with the paneling”




i am liking the warm graysby jim piredesignposted on may 20, 2011comments are disabled

i also think it looks better without the “tree”. cleaner look than what we have now – that’s for sure!




one more time with a lighter color schemeby jim piredesignposted on may 19, 2011may 20, 2011comments are disabled

this time the walls have the warm gray, (tan?) and the sienna has been painted onto the baseboards. this one looks a lot better than i thought it would. what do you think of it? i will be adding the ducts and sprinkler pipes to the scene as soon as i have a chance. more … 
read more “one more time with a lighter color scheme”




a different color schemeby jim piredesignposted on may 16, 2011may 16, 2011comments are disabled

you may know by now that or board has received some suggested upgrades to our building from san francisco based t2 architecture. (download t2’s recommendations here.) among their recommendations is a new color scheme – in their words, a “move away from multi-color, 80’s decor.” unfortunately, i don’t have rgb equivalents for the colors they’re … 
read more “a different color scheme”





 


first lobby renderby jim piredesignposted on may 16, 2011march 17, 2023comments are disabled

here is my first rendering is of the lobby – more or less as it is now. i have tried to create the space as accurately as possible, with the obvious exception of the paint color. the dimensions are right off the first floor blueprint. i used the same number of lights, with similar characteristics … 
read more “first lobby render”



posts navigation
1
2




searchsearch
looking for the wiki? you'll find the fourth street lofts wiki at wiki.fourthstreetlofts.com.
no comments to show. 








				powered by wordpress			


			inspiro wordpress theme by wpzoom











