








san diego locksmith | grah safe & lock | trusted locksmith since 1914





























































 

























location
939 university ave. san diego, ca 92103








619-234-4829






grah@grahsecurity.com





request a service









grah@grahsecurity.com



619-234-4829

request a service








safes
cameras and security
access control systems
locks and keys










 











providing locksmith service & security in san diego since 1914
gain peace of mind with our professionally installed security systems













our san diego locksmith services


here at grah safe & lock we have the high security safes, locks, keys, and video surveillance equipment you need. we offer both in-store and on-site mobile service. you’re welcome to come by the shop during our regular business hours, or you can call or email us to set up a site visit. we offer on-site estimates for all types of projects.
have you lost your key or need to have speedy rekeying done for you? our professional locksmiths are here for that, too.








unauthorized key duplication is the greatest hidden threat to your security. medeco m3, keymark, schlage primus, and other high security locks allow you to control who can copy your keys so you can better protect your property. read more >>






we sell, install, and service a huge variety of safes designed to protect your property against fire, burglary or both. our technicians are also certified to work on u.s. government classified containers. read more >>






our key duplication service makes the keys you need, as well as manages who requests those duplications. if you want to control who can get copies of your keys made, talk with us to about how we can help control unauthorized key duplication. read more >>








need to know who has used a door? control when a door can be opened, or by what users? electronic entry systems provide more control, accountability and transparency than simple keyed systems. we feature systems by schlage, medeco, salto and others. read more >>






have you had employee or tenant turnover, loss of keys, unauthorized duplication of your key, or crime in your area? rekeying your locks can be an effective, economical tool to guard against unauthorized entry. read more >>






view and record events at your facility full-time in high resolution color. video can even be viewed remotely via the internet. video surveillance systems are an essential security tool for loss prevention and can provide critical information for security and law-enforcement teams. read more >>


















contact us today to schedule an appointment


call us at


619-234-4829



request a service



name*


first

phone*email*

how can we help?*hiddenservice typeservice typecommercialresidentialaccess control & securityautomotivedoors & framessafes & vaultskey duplication

drop files here or 
select files

max. file size: 2 mb. captchaemailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 









δ









why choose us

if certified and guaranteed locksmith services at competitive prices are important to you, call grah safe & lock today.


r

we are family owned
our family-owned and operated locksmith business is certified and insured, and committed to educating our san diego neighbors about commercial and residential security. read our san diego security sage blog for up-to-date information on security issues and news.




r

we provide customized solutions
our technicians provide you with personalized service and develop custom security solutions for your specific needs.




r

no job is too large or small
we are an authorized medeco dealer and are capable of fulfilling the needs of a wide variety of valued clients, from single family homeowners to high security government properties.









check out our great reviews on google





excellentgrah safe & lock        4.7                based on 104 reviews                        review us on        leo csrrillobrian van gordeni recently had the pleasure of working with grah lock and safe, and i can honestly say it was an outstanding experience from start to finish! the team was not only highly professional but also incredibly friendly, making the entire process smooth and enjoyable. they went above and beyond to ensure i understood every step, providing quick, efficient service with a positive attitude. their expertise is unmatched; they took care of everything with such precision and care. it’s rare to find a company that combines top-notch skills with such genuine friendliness. i am beyond happy with the service and would highly recommend grah lock and safe to anyone needing locksmith services. five stars all the way!alex williamsi have been using graf lock smith for several years and always receive excellent servicekevin-charles pattersonso helpful and so great to work with. we asked them to repair vintage 100 year old locks, and they didn't hesitate to get started.response from the owner: thank you sir for the kind remarks.  we hope to provide great results for you. it is so nice to hear that we hit the mark.                      javier payangrah is our go-to locksmith.  they are one of our favorite vendors!updated 7/8/2024 just wanted to add that grah continues to great work us!response from the owner: we appreciate you taking the time                    







trust our affiliations. trust us.







aloa
grah safe & lock is an aloa certified member. aloa is the largest locksmith association in the usa and all members have had indepth background checks and must be fully licensed.





fair trade locksmith directory
grah safe & security has been research, verified, and featured as a licensed and insured locksmith serving san diego, ca and surrounding regions.





savta
savta is the world's leading trade association devoted entirely to serving professional safe and vault technicians worldwide.







asis international
asis international is the world's largest membership organization for security professionals.





building owners and managers association
boma is a professional organization for commercial real estate professionals in the us and canada.





certified gsa container inspector
we are proud to be a certified gsa (general services administration) container inspector







medeco security center
grah safe & lock is part of a select group of top medeco dealers in the united states, chosen for their professional business practices and desire to play a principle role in educating consumers about security risks and solutions.





assa abloy certified integrator
the certified integrator program provides intensive, hands-on training for security systems integrators and network administrators.





better business bureau
grah safe & lock has been a bbb accredited business since 1976 and has an a+ rating.



 














we're one of san diego’s largest and most respected local locksmith companies.your safety and security will always be our top priority.

our locksmith service areas include all of san diego county and north county:
chula vista | clairemont | del mar | downtown san diego | el cajon | encinitas | imperial beach | la jolla | la mesa | miramar | national city | san diego |

call us 619-234-4829







about us



founded in 1914, grah safe & lock is the san diego locksmith your neighbors trust for home and business security, safe locksmith service, lock rekeying, high-security keys, and access control system installation.
lco#4011

read more





services

high-security locks & keyssafe sales & servicekey duplicationelectronic access controlre-keying & master keyingvideo surveillanceblogabout grah safe & lockreview uscontact us



contact us




address
939 university ave, suite 100san diego, ca 92103






phone
619-234-4829






email
grah@grahsecurity.com



follow us

                





employment  |  copyright © grah safe & lock  |  powered by  the locksmith agency | verified 1-800-unlocks member | locksmiths we trust



 






call now button














































