



















financing for farms, homes & land | farm credit of central florida










































      skip to main content
    



close

our apopka branch is closed for demo and rebuild. we have reopened in a new temporary location. the address is 3941 britt road, mt. dora, fl 32757.    





farm credit of central florida
menu



main navigation


loans
open loans


home loans


land loans


farm loans


leasing




services
open services


online banking
open online banking


digital banking faqs




beginning farmers


crop insurance




resources
open resources


blog


career opportunities


news


real farms, real stories


knowledge center


frequently asked questions




about
open about


benefits of membership


leadership


farm credit system


financial reports





 


header navigation


digital banking


apply


contact


locations




englishespañol



search




enter keywords here...






 
 
 
 














financing for farms, homes & land


see loans


















barn


farm loans


we have partnered with thousands of farmers to build and grow their businesses, and we can help you too.








trees


land loans


when you find the perfect plot, we will work with you to help you make your dreams a reality.








house


home loans


you don’t have to be a farmer to take advantage of our competitive home loans. 








harvester


crop insurance


protecting your financial investment in your crops is more important than ever.









see our google reviews







jonathan d
google review stars
"farm credit of cf truly went above and beyond to help my family. especially apparent and amazing is that they are actual people!
i had options with different banks in the area, but the personal touch that farm credit gives in their service made it apparent this should be my new banking home. i trust them to look out for my interests and to call me if they need to. i’m not just a number to them.
they truly care about your goals and work with you to make it happen. i was constantly surprised with their transparency and willingness to simply talk through different plans with me. we routinely communicated on the phone and email about different options, possibilities, and plans.
special thanks to cynthia!"








abdul lateef
google review stars
"farm credit of central florida has been my lender for about 18 months. this has been an exceptional experience from the very beginning. the team was extremely helpful in the application process, approval was swift, and the monthly interactions quite smooth. every single person i interacted with has been pleasant and helpful."








troy rentz
google review stars
"farm credit has been wonderful to work with and treats us like family. our loan officer erin vermillion keeps us up to date and is a joy to work with. farm credit will always be our first call as they understand farmers and ranchers needs."








mike adams
google review stars
"my family has been a borrower for 3 generations.  farm credit understands our agricultural needs and have been steadfast in their support of our business.  they have been responsive to any questions that we may have."








kenneth elliot
google review stars
"i have enjoyed a positive relationship with farm credit of central florida for the past five years.  they have always been helpful whenever i've had a question.  their management team is top-notch, guiding the co-op efficiently and profitably for the members' best interest and keeping the membership informed of new developments."








amy register
google review stars
"we have done business with farm credit for over 20 years for several different companies. always very professional and helpful. we will continue to use them for all future farm loans."












local lenders who understand your business.


all farmers have unique financial needs and circumstances. that’s why we take the time to talk to you, listen to you, and match your needs to the best product available. 
we specialize in rural home, farm, and land loans, and we understand the challenges you face. there’s a reason our customers have stayed with us for years. they’re loyal to us because we know the agriculture business, we understand the cycles of the industry, and we’re always willing to work with you. 






 


citrus


citrus




 


potted plant


nursery




 


vegetables


vegetable








 


berry


berries




 


cattle


cattle




 


horse


equine













get the latest.


subscribe to our newsletter to stay up-to-date with what’s happening in central florida. 
























young, beginning, and small farmers


the future of agriculture depends on young farmers.  we service loans to young and beginning farmers and ranchers to help them build their farm, purchase land, buy equipment, get money for operating expenses, transfer the family farm, or make livestock purchases.



resources for beginning farmers










ready to get started?


contact one of our lending specialists to find out how to get the financing you need, fast.


contact us
apply now



 

 
 


 

    you are now leaving our website and being redirected to another site or application. please be aware that other sites may have their own security and privacy policies, as well as content for which we are not responsible. thank you. 









farm credit of central florida





              204 east orange street
              suite 200, lakeland, fl 33801


telephone: (863) 682-4117
fax: (863) 688-9364
association nmls# 685850



social links


facebook


twitter


linkedin


instagram


youtube






download the farm credit cfl mobile app
download mobile app on app store
download mobile app on google play store



© 2025 farm credit of central florida

find your branch


equal housing lendor

footer navigation


disclosures


privacy policy


ccpa


bylaws, ethics & whistleblower hotline





 
 













































