



	automotive repair and maintenance | precision tune auto care





















































































skip to main content










 
				




the site navigation utilizes arrow, enter, escape, and space bar key commands. left and right arrows move across top level links and expand / close menus in sub levels. up and down arrows will open main level menus and toggle through sub tier links. enter and space open menus and escape closes them as well. tab will move on to the next part of the site rather than go through menu items.



menu


services


a/c and heat: heating, ventilation, air conditioning (hvac) service & repair


aftermarket accessories


airbag diagnostics


alarm system service and repair


alignments


alternator service and replacement


automotive computer reprogramming services


battery service/test


belts, hoses and filters


brake service and repair


cv axle repair and replacement


catalytic converter replacement


check engine light diagnostics 


car warning lights




clutch repair and service


cooling system service


electrical system services


emissions: inspections, failures, and repairs


exhaust system inspection and repair


extended warranty services


fleet vehicle maintenance


fluid maintenance services


fuel system: air induction and fuel injection service


guardian interlock services


headlight restoration


hybrid vehicle repair and maintenance


lifetime brakes warranty


oil change: standard, synthetic, and diesel


powertrain system services


scheduled maintenance services


shocks and struts: inspection and replacement


starter service and replacement


steering and suspension inspection and repair


timing belts


tire rotation, maintenance, and services


tune up service: ignition system and spark plugs


water pumps


wheel balancing


windshield chip repair




financing


feedback


franchising opportunities 


fleet services


















find a precision tune near you!

alabama
arizona
arkansas
california
florida
georgia
kansas
louisiana
maryland
michigan
minnesota
mississippi
missouri
nevada
north carolina
ohio
oklahoma
pennsylvania
south carolina
tennessee
texas
utah
virginia
washington





find a location













enjoy peak performance, worry-free driving and a nation-wide warranty with our scheduled maintenance services.
> learn more about maintenance services!
 






the cooling system plays a critical role in maintaining the engine at an acceptable operating temperature.
> learn more about cooling systems!
 






when it comes to safety, proper brake service is #1. when was your last brake inspection?
> learn more about brake services!
 






improve performance, reduce accidents, save gas and extend the life of your tires with regular alignments.
> learn more about wheel alignments!
 






replacing shock absorbers and struts will ensure precision handling, stability, control, & prolong the life of your tires.
> learn more about shock absorbers and struts!
 






we can handle all engine diagnostic issues from your vehicle driving erratically to a check engine light.
> learn more about engine diagnostics!
 






properly functioning emission control systems ensure a cleaner environment & peak vehicle performance.
> learn more about emission control systems!
 






drive now, take time to pay!
6 months promotional financing* available on purchases on $199 or more! > learn more about financing!
 






at your service
at precision tune auto care, we work hard to keep your car on the road. because we go the extra mile, you get a lot more of them from your car. count on precision tune for complete car care...from top to bottom.
learn more about our wide range of services.










explore our site

home
about us
our services
contact us
car care tips
myptzone login
franchising opportunities
microsite login
career opportunities
fleet services
precision tune
	credit card 



follow us!
        



©2025 precision tune auto care terms and conditions sitemap
call us today: 1.800.get.tune










close











