











septic tank pumping | grease trap cleaning | new jersey, ny & pennsylvania







































































 







make a payment
request a quote
(800) 356-4468
contact us

















your home
your business

commercial/industrial
municipal/government
food services


schedule services

search











 













a partnership that won't go to waste 
							your home
 
							your business
 
							 


you are hardworking and honest, and expect the same from your partners. 
							our services 
							


 


united under one mission: to make strides toward success. 
							about us
 
							 


like a true partner, we understand communication is key to consistency. 
							contact us 
							





 


above all else, we are driven by trust and transparency. 
							regulatory compliance 
							 





 anchor landing point. don't delete recommended industrial waste management servicesyour homeyour business

  

septic system cleaning 







roll off containers / dumpster 







porta potty 





 
 


  

grease traps 







jet vac 







roll off containers / dumpster 







bulk hauling 





 
 
see all services




54number of years in business22906912gallons of wastewater removed per month741782number of miles driven per month




our values

responsibility
professionalism is our guiding principle. we wade knee-deep, never losing sight of our responsibility to you, to our vendors and to our environment. our intention is simple: to deliver superior service from the ground up. and we’ll do it at a competitive cost, but not at all costs; we’ll get the waste management project done right, utilizing our full-time environmental compliance team. we keep it clean – our equipment, our environment and our reputation.
accountability
we hold your hesitations to heart, which is why we are transparent in every element of our process, from daily work orders to electronic invoices – it’s all documented in dedication to you. but our quest for trust goes beyond transparency, and into empathy. we hear you, and we’re here for you – whether in high demand or low, quicksand or snow.
collaboration
in our line of business, our clients hold a lot of weight – and we’re not just talking wastewater. our goal is to alleviate that weight through a collaborative and timely waste management process personalized to your needs. but process isn’t all we promise: we’re here for urgent undertakings, epic emergencies and last-minute magic. in an industry where navigation is key, we’ve learned how to go the fastest route possible. together, we’ll hit the ground running.
long-term value
to us, superior service means the success of your business. and where there’s success, there’s sustainability. our priority is not to get the project done – that’s just a happy byproduct – but to equip you with the knowledge to prepare for similar scenarios in the future. our goal is to set you up to succeed, and our intention is to be the last waste management partner you’ll need.






schedule servicesrequest a quote








© 2025 russell reid. all rights reserved

 
































request a quote
in order to provide you with an accurate estimate, please provide as much detail as possible. for immediate assistance or emergencies, please call our customer care team at 800-356-4468.





product/service description:
    
residential septic pumping
		
grease trap pumping
		
wastewater transportation & disposal
		
high pressure jetting
		
combination jet-vac services
		
roll-off / dumpster services
		
hydro excavation services
		
porta potty services
		
other
		
--none--
		











































decision timeframe:
    
emergency request
		
within 1 week
		
within 1 month
		
1 - 3 months
		
3 - 6 months
		
6 - 12 months
		
12 months +
		
unknown
		
--none--
		





how did you hear about us?
    
advertisement
		
current customer
		
direct mail
		
e-mail
		
internet
		
referred by customer
		
referred by employee
		
saw equipment
		
social media
		
tradeshow
		
--none--
		















			×			





				request a quote			



 

























general information



waste information



shipping information



generator's certification






generator information
			




















site information
			

















waste information
		




analytical data attached (file limit: 1.5mb): yesno





msds attached (file limit: 1.5mb): yesno




waste characteristics
		
industrialcommercialmunicipalfood processinggray waterground waterrain waterholding tankgrease (food svc.)septage (domestic)oily waste waterresidualslurryspent filter mediasludgeother

physical state
		

%solids0%10%20%30%40%50%60%70%80%90%100%






oil sheenliquidsludgesolid

quantity of waste:
		






shipping information
		
vacuumvacuum tankervacuum containerdewatering boxroll off containerjet vac

size of bulk: 5,0006,0007,000other


shipping frequency
		


per:
		
monthquarteryeardayone timeother


was this waste stream previously transported for disposal at an approved facility?
yesnoif yes, please provide the facility's name and the proper shipping name under which the waste was classified





generator certification
		
1. is this waste rcra nonhazardous?
yesnoif no, please attach details & description below

2. is the waste generated as cercla/superfund site?
yesno

3. is the waste represented by this waste profile a categorial waste as defined in 40 cfr 439?
yesno

4. does the waste represented by this waste profile contain concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls (pcbs) regulated by 40 cfr 761?
yesno

5. does the waste represented by this waste profile contain true and accurate descriptions of the waste material, and has all relevant information within the possession of the generator regarding known or suspected hazards pertaining to the waste been disclosed to the contractor?
yesno

6. will all changes occur in the composition of the waste be identified by the generator and disclosed to the contractor prior to making the waste available for pumping, transportation and disposal?
yesno


any sample submitted is representative as defined in  40 cfr 261 - appendix 1 or by using equivalent method. i authorize russell reid to obtain a sample from any waste shipment for purposes of recertification. if approved by management, contractor has all neccessary permits and licenses for the waste that has been categorized and identified by this approval profile. by entering the below fields, i understand i am electronically signing this form. 
















additional information attached (file limit: 1.5mb): yesno








previousnext








			×			





				drop us a line!			


 










request type:generalbilling issueservice request














		










			×			








































