



home
















 












                            attorney registration & disciplinary commission of the supreme court of illinois
                        














about ardc

overview of ardc
strategic plan
annual reports
diversity, equity & inclusion
employment opportunities
holidays
news & events
volunteer opportunities



ardc services

case research
client protection program
education & resources
file a complaint
lawyer registration
lawyer search
rules



clerk's office

clerk's office services
schedule of hearings


other organizations

recent filings & decisions

complaints & answers
hearing board reports
pending motions for disbarment on consent
review board reports
summaries of supreme court decisions
supreme court decisions


contact ardc



















promoting and protecting

the integrity of the legal profession



lawyer search
 












advanced search


recent status changes



search



check transcript – mcle board website
file a complaint







case research
board reports, supreme court disciplinary orders and decisions, consent petitions…










education & resources
online learning portal (cle and pmbr), ethics inquiry program, practice & well-being resources…










lawyer registration
                    register online, letter of good standing, pro hac vice, new admittees…
                    









rules
illinois rules of professional conduct, supreme court rules on admission and discipline of attorneys, code of judicial conduct…









news & events
view all





ardc holiday closure – february 17, 2025


the ardc is
closed on monday, february 17, 2025, in observance of george washington’s
birthday.



the ardc’s new strategic plan


the ardc is pleased to announce that the illinois supreme court has approved the ardc’s new strategic plan, which includes a revised mission statement, its vision statement, and its set of organizational values. the strategic plan reflects the ardc’s efforts to evolve as an organization in these dynamic times – so as to remain a vital resource for both lawyers and the public. it outlines a path forward that is grounded in three key areas of focus: evolving and enhancing the ardc’s programs, services, and reputation; elevating confidence in the legal profession; and building an innovative and adaptive organization.  the ardc’s new mission statement is: “the ardc preserves and advances the integrity of the legal profession through attorney registration and education, public outreach, restorative services, and, when necessary, attorney discipline.” this revised mission shifts the ardc’s focus from primarily discipline to a more balanced approach designed to assist lawyers in practicing more effectively and ethically, while still protecting the public, and to restorative justice efforts.  complementing the new mission statement is the ardc’s vision statement: “to shape a profession where all lawyers act ethically and with integrity.” the ardc is committed to fostering a legal profession that is trusted, ethical, and dedicated to serving the public.  the ardc is implementing four core values to guide its work: accountability, empathy, open-mindedness, and pioneering excellence. these are the mindsets that the ardc believes are essential to achieving its mission and vision.  you can find the full strategic plan here.



illinois supreme court amends supreme court rule 756(a)(1), registration and fees, effective october 1, 2024


           effective october 1, 2024, the illinois supreme court amended illinois supreme court rule 756(a)(1) to eliminate the discounted $121 registration fee for lawyers admitted less than three full years. prior to the amendment, a lawyer admitted in 2024 would pay no registration fee for 2024 and 2025, would pay $121 per year for 2026 and 2027, and would pay the full registration fee, $385, for 2028. under the amendment, a lawyer admitted in 2024 will pay no registration fee for 2024 and 2025, and will pay the full fee of $385 for 2026.               there are important reasons for the amendment. while the prior rule rested in part on the assumption that the discounted $121 fee would provide some economic relief to early career lawyers, data reveals that most of those lawyers are finding employment with firms or corporations that likely cover the lawyers’ registration fees. (for lawyers for whom the $385 fee presents an undue economic hardship, supreme court rule 756(a)(4) provides a framework by which the registration fee may be waived.) additionally, other supreme court entities that service illinois lawyers and the public, like the lawyers trust fund, the lawyers’ assistance program, the supreme court commission on professionalism, the client protection program, and the supreme court commission on access to justice, receive a portion of an active attorney’s full fee payment of $385. they received no portion of the $121 discounted fee. the amendment puts those entities in an improved financial position for the important work they do. finally, the revenue increase provided by the amendment will work to forestall any across-the-board registration fee increase. illinois attorney registration fees have not been raised since 2015.  



available now – pmbr (2024-2025) self-assessment program


on may 17, 2024, the ardc released a new pmbr self-assessment
program on its online learning portal. 
pursuant to illinois supreme court rule 756(e), illinois lawyers in private
practice who do not maintain malpractice insurance are required to complete
this approximately four-hour program as a 2025 attorney registration
requirement.  in addition, all illinois lawyers can complete the entire
program, or any module within the program, for up to four hours of free mcle
professional responsibility credit. learn more about the pmbr (2024-2025) program and
get started today!



just released -2023 ardc annual report & highlights.


filed with the illinois supreme court on april 30, 2024, this comprehensive report provides valuable insights into the legal profession, regulatory activities, and important developments within our legal community.  read more. 



lea s. gutierrez begins tenure as   ardc administrator 


             on october 23, 2023, lea s. gutierrez began her service as administrator of the ardc, following the illinois supreme court’s approval of her appointment in september. ms. gutierrez succeeded jerome e. larkin, who had served as the ardc’s administrator since 2007. a member of the illinois bar since 2005, ms. gutierrez graduated from temple university’s james e. beasley school of law in philadelphia. she formerly worked at the ardc in the positions of litigation counsel, litigation manager, and director of diversity and inclusion. she returned to the ardc after leading diversity and inclusion efforts at the cook county state’s attorney’s office and the american lung association. ms. gutierrez is the fifth ardc administrator, the second woman to hold that office, and the first person of color to do so. read more.














the ardc’s hours of operation are from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., on all days except saturday, sunday and commission holidays.


the ardc does not accept walk-in visitors to its chicago and springfield offices. for assistance, please contact us by telephone or email.




chicago office



                    one prudential plaza
                    130 east randolph drive
                    suite 1500
                    chicago, il 60601-6219
                


                        phone
                    

                        (312) 565-2600
                    

                        phone
                    

                        (800) 826-8625 (within il)
                    

                        main fax
                    

                        (312) 565-2320
                    

                        registration fax
                    

                        (312) 565-0997
                    




springfield office



                    3161 west white oaks drive
                    suite 301
                    springfield, il 62704
                


                        phone
                    

                        (217) 546-3523
                    

                        phone
                    

                        (800) 252-8048 (within il)
                    

                        fax
                    

                        (217) 546-3785
                    






            by accessing this site, you accept our privacy policy and our website terms of use. 
            iardc® provides online access to registration and discipline information regarding illinois lawyers and information on a variety of topics relating to the illinois supreme court’s regulation of the practice of law in illinois.
        



















