



long distance movers tips - reviews, discounts, & cheap local moving















































skip to content 

home
about us
contact
moving

moving companies
austin moving companies


 






search for:



 



 




menu

home
about us
contact
moving

moving companies
austin moving companies


 

 






5 tips for when you need storage during a move

30may 2017 


moving to a new home is always hard, but it can be particularly frustrating if you have a lot of belongings to pack. if you’re lucky enough to be moving into a larger home that has room for everything you read more …


 stevenmoving tipscalculator, moving day, storage, storage unitsleave a comment 



moving company gives 10 things for your moving to-do list

19nov 20162017/12/11 



 
moving is already a high-stress, life-changing feat, but with kids involved, it can be especially hectic. moms in charge of planning their families’ relocation have a lot to juggle, so it’s important to plan ahead. including these ten key moving tasks on your to-do list is essential for helping turn moving chaos into a manageable process.
1. make a moving schedule
a moving schedule will help you get and stay organized by clearly outlining the timeline associated with your move. most experts recommend starting to schedule moving-related activities at least two months in advance. this handy week-by-week checklist from good housekeeping is a good place to start.
2. get the kids ready
moving can be just as stressful for the kids as it is for you, even if they’re too little to help with the packing. be sure to talk to your kids about the move, keep their schedules as close to normal as possible, and ensure they have something to keep them occupied on moving day.
 
3. downsize & declutter
this tip makes a lot of sense because no one wants to waste time and energy packing and moving stuff they don’t even need. long distance moving companies also charge by the weight of the shipment, so moving less means saving more money on your move. plus, downsizing your stuff will make life simpler and easier when you go to unpack. for some help getting your decluttering initiative started, check out this article from organized home.
4. check out the schools
if your children are in school, take time to check out the school they’ll be attending. make sure they have a chance to see where it is, meet the office staff, and get a feel for the building layout. ask about any extracurricular activities too, so you don’t miss opportunities for your student to get plugged-in.
5. arrange your moving day assistance
whether you are going to be using a professional mover or doing it yourself, you’ll need help on moving day.
if you’re using a mover:

check the company out with the better business bureau before signing anything.
confirm that the company is licensed and insured
confirm exactly what services they provide for the price you’ve been quoted. get the moving quote in writing!

if you’re doing it yourself:

solicit help from family and friends with the various aspects of the move.
gather your supplies ahead of time.
reserve a rental truck well in advance

 6. research your new area
there is a wealth of information online about restaurants, activities, and services in your new area. even if you’re just moving across town, use a site like tripadvisor to get a feel for what you’ll find near your new home, so you’ll feel like a local in no time.
7. take care of utilities
this one is essential to avoiding move-in disruptions. make sure your power, water, gas, cable, internet, etc. is all set up and ready to go before the move. this is also an excellent time to set up those end dates for the utilities at your old place.
8. organize your cleaning sessions
you’ll want to do a move-out clean at the old place, and you’ll also want to do a move-in clean before you put any of your belongings in the new place. to make it easier, check out this cleaning checklist from care.com.
9. update your address everywhere
time for another checklist, because whether you realize it or not there are probably plenty of places you’ll need to make an update to your address. start by forwarding your mail through the post office, then go through and notify subscription services, mail-order accounts, your financial institutions and any other vendors you do business with.
10. arrange some family time
it is easy to feel disconnected, especially with everyone’s busy schedule. finding time for family togetherness can be difficult with the stress of moving and the extra demands on your schedule. setting aside some time to just enjoy your family and have some fun will improve the moving experience for everyone.


 stevenuncategorizedfamily, mom, moving, to-do listleave a comment 



moving service offers helpful tips for moving with pets

15jul 20162018/07/15 



 
if you are joining the thousands of pet parents relocating this season, you know that you have to make special considerations for the animal in your life. by planning ahead, you can alleviate some stress that you and your furry friend could face during this process.
do your homework
if you are moving out of state, be sure that you know the vaccination requirements for the place to which you are moving. some states, such as hawaii , have strict policies and vaccination requirements. knowing about the policies ahead of time will enable you to prepare.
sometimes a move will require you to spend the night at a hotel. be sure that you find a pet-friendly hotel prior to your departure. here is a great place to start your search. be sure to speak with hotel representatives to get detailed information about restrictions and amenities.
many rental agreements have vaccination clauses in their pet policies. be sure that you have proof of updated vaccinations before you relocate.

go to the vet
since a move is so stressful, having your vet check the overall health of your pet is a good idea. your veterinarian can get your pet up to date on shots and preventive medication. keeping your pet healthy and pest-free will make the transition much smoother.
if your pet is prone to anxiety or motion sickness, a pre-move vet visit is also a great time to ask for recommendations to keep your pet comfortable.
have your vet scan your pet’s microchip to ensure that it works and that your contact phone number is up to date.
pack with purpose
packing for an animal is a lot like packing for another person. during the move, you will want to be sure that your pet’s necessities are accessible. keep food, bowls, leashes, litter boxes, waste bags, and scoops at hand.
if your pet has a favorite blanket or toy, then keep that within easy reach as well. these items can provide comfort in otherwise unfamiliar surroundings.

secure the environment
on moving day, there will be a lot of commotion. the strange sights and sounds can induce anxiety in even the most unflappable companion. cats and dogs may escape through open doors or hide. if possible, cheapmoversphoenix.net recommends board your furry friend for the day to eliminate some of the risks.
if boarding is not an option, you should block off a quiet area of the house. baby gates, kennels, carriers, or closed doors can serve as barriers. be certain to set up the area with everything that your pet will need, and alert everyone involved in the move about the location of the animal.
conclusion
with some planning and consideration, you and your animal can make a pleasant transition to your new home. for more advice on moving with pets, see this post, which considers birds, reptiles, and fish in addition to dogs and cats.
 


 stevenmoving tipsmoving, pets, relocation, tipsleave a comment 



planning and preparation for long distance moving

09feb 20162018/05/22 



 
moving interstate is a very involving activity and might prove to be very stressful if careful plans are not prepared well in advance. adequate preparation is therefore necessary to ensure you don’t leave or lose some of your items. it is, however, an easy task if you carefully tailor your interstate moving checklist. this comprehensive long distance moving checklist will allow you to plan ahead and avoid common mistakes that people often make while moving.
develop a master plan
you should sit down together with everyone in the household and develop a master to-do list. the strategy will include the strategy for packing your belonging. this will allow you to determine whether you need professional moving service and allow you to contact the relevant service providers.
taking time to plan every step of your move will ensure you don’t leave anything important behind. it will also relieve the hassle of taking with you unwanted belongings which cost one-time packing and extra money in moving them.
get prepared to move
moving interstate is a long and grueling exercise, it is extremely critical to give yourself enough time to get prepared. order and purchase the packing supplies such as packing tape, bubble wrap and specialized boxes like wardrobe boxes and mirror boxes. in case, you are considering hiring professional long distance moving companies you need to obtain moving quotes from each company. they will then need to create a complete inventory of everything you are moving. this can be done through either an in-home consultation or over the phone. contact these companies as early as possible. consider whether or not you’ll need to rent storage space during your move. most moving companies have their own storage warehouses in which to store customers’ goods during the moving process if needed.
 choose the best long distance moving companies

if you want to hire professionals for your move, be diligent and make an exhaustive effort to research each long distance moving company’s history. ensure your movers are licensed by the state government and the (fmcsa) federal motor carrier safety administration. get bids from different companies to ensure you get the best price. read the contract fine print meticulously before signing anything.
keep a full inventory record of what the hired movers take with them and their condition as they leave the house.
packing
pack items from similar rooms together and preferably in the same boxes. place the items secure in each box securely, with the heaviest items on the bottom and ascertain the boxes can close. never overload the boxes with many items since this slows down the process and makes it difficult to stack the boxes on the truck. during the moving day do a final check to make sure you haven’t left any valuable item behind. for more packing and moving tips, see this article.
 important items
when using the professional movers, make sure you pack and transport the vital items yourself. this includes important records like passports, birth certificates, social security cards, financial documents and other valuable possessions like jewelry. these items should be in your vehicle ideally in a secure container.
moving interstate does not need to be a daunting undertaking. making a moving interstate plan will give you a smooth and a problem-free interstate move. it will ensure you don’t lose items or overlook anything in the lead up to the moving day.


 stevenmoving companiesinterstate, long distance, state to stateleave a comment 



how to hire a professional dallas moving company

13oct 20142014/10/13 


today we are going to show you the right way to hire a professional moving company so lets begin. where are you going to be moving, is it in the same city, state, county or are you going international ? read more …


 stevenuncategorizedleave a comment 



how to hire a professional moving company

13oct 2014 




 stevenuncategorizedleave a comment 



moving trucks maximum load

31oct 2013 


when moving form your last home to your next one, which might be miles away, it takes a lot of strength and nerves to deal with the entire situation. also, and this is very improtant, it takes the right kind read more …


 stevenmoving vehicleshome, moving, total maximum load, trucksleave a comment 



relocating to austin

31oct 20132014/09/23 


are you planning to relocate?  you must be wondering about where to relocate in that case relocate to austin.  it can be a great idea for you if you are in search of a place where you can fulfill all read more …


 stevenrelocationleave a comment 



austin relocation resources

08aug 20132015/11/03 


so you are going to be making the moving down to the great live music capital of the world!  get ready for some excitement in the lone star state capital city.  austin tx has been a bustling center of music, read more …


 stevenaustin tx moving companies, live music capitalleave a comment 



affordable austin tx movers

08aug 20132021/09/24 


in the eternal quest for the best and greatest and affordable austin tx movers, you will have to do some searching.  but when you know the best, you can save hundreds of hours.  voted by online consumers, applemoving has been ranked the best austin moving company for 2013.


 stevenaustin movers, austin moving companiesaustin moving companiesleave a comment 



moving companies in new york

05jul 20132018/03/29 


after living in nyc you’ll quickly realize that you’ll move 3-4 times more often than you would living in just about any other city in the country.  sure, you could move yourself every single time, but after the first 4 moves, you’ll probably get tired of the hassle involved and rightly contact a pro to take care of you.  new york city moving companies are easy to find, but make sure you find one that is bbb certified, and fully insured.  you don’t want to end up paying extra money for broken items that they claim was not their fault.  manhatten movers can be a bit pricier, try and find a company in the brooklyn area and they will almost always be more than willing to help and will only charge an extra slight upcharge for moving in the heard of nyc.


 stevenuncategorizedleave a comment 



the hidden dangers of u haul

01jul 20132013/11/11 


don’t say we didn’t warn you about getting a u haul rental truck.  the costs and additional fees that they tack on can add up to be much more expensive than the cost of a professional mover.  sometimes you have read more …


 stevenu-haul rentalleave a comment 



moving companies long distance has you covered for cheap movers

20jun 20132019/03/11 


searching for those ever desired cheap moving companies.  read on. what’s the hardest part about relocating to a new community or town?  yes, it can be difficult adjusting to life in a different part of town, but the stress surrounding read more …


 stevenmoving companies, relocationleave a comment 




quick search

search for:





recent posts


5 tips for when you need storage during a move


moving company gives 10 things for your moving to-do list


moving service offers helpful tips for moving with pets


planning and preparation for long distance moving


how to hire a professional dallas moving company


advertisements 

categories

austin movers

austin moving companies

austin tx moving companies

live music capital

moving companies

moving tips

moving vehicles

relocation

u-haul rental

uncategorized


quick linkshome
about us
contact
moving

moving companies
austin moving companies


follow us    copyright © 2025 | mover services online resourcesprivacy agreement 



















