




giebler enterprises





 
click here to download midi files



    giebler enterprises pc software products
  


giebler enterprises is the world's leading manufacturer and distributor
of diskette management and sequencer conversion software for musical keyboards
and sequencers. our sequencer conversion packages can convert standard
midi files (anyfile.mid) into files which load directly into many keyboards
and sequencers.  all programs run under ms-dos on ibm pc-xt, pc-at,
or compatibles with a hard disk drive and an internal (non-usb) 3 1/2" floppy disk drive. most
programs may be run under an ms-dos shell under windows 3.1, windows 95,
windows 98 or windows me. giebler enterprises also offers a disk recovery
service for the keyboards listed below. prices are subject to change without
notice. click on an item below to find out more
about any of our software products:



  
click here to check out our music application  
play on cue for the apple iphone, ipad and ipod touch! 


limited time special:
giebler enterprises will develop an iphone / ipad app for your band or artist  
click here for details



frequently
asked questions.

click here for ordering information.

click here to download utilities & shareware.

  diskette manager programs - $34.95 each



adm - alesis diskette manager

edm - ensoniq disk manager

kdm - korg diskette manager

wdm - kawai diskette manager

pdm - pianodisc diskette manager

rdm - roland diskette manager

ydm - yamaha diskette manager


  midi manager programs - $34.95 each



emm - ensoniq midi manager (for the esq1, vfx, sq-1, sq-2,
    ks-32, kt-76 & kt-88)
  
amm - alesis midi manager (for the mmt-8 & hr-16)


  standard midi file programs - $29.95 each



midismf - standard midi file type converter


  sequencer conversion packages - $54.95 each


packages include the appropriate diskette or midi manager as shown.


esq1 pkg - convert esq1 to/from standard midi files (smf)
    - includes emm

sq80 pkg - convert sq-80 to/from standard midi files
    (smf)   - includes edm

sq80vfx - convert from sq-80 to vfx-sd (seqs &
    songs!)
  
sd1ts10 - convert from vfx-sd,sd-1 to ts-10 (seqs
    & songs!)
  
ts10 pkg - convert ensoniq ts-10,ts-12 sequences to/from
    smf - includes edm

asr pkg - convert ensoniq asr-10,asr-88 to/from smf
    - includes edm

vfx pkg - convert ensoniq vfx-sd & sd-1 to/from
    smf - includes edm

eps pkg - convert ensoniq eps & eps-16+ to/from
    smf - includes edm

sq1 pkg - convert ensoniq sq-1, sq-2 & ks-32 to/from
    smf - includes emm

kt pkg - convert ensoniq kt-76 & kt-88  &
    e-prime to/from smf - includes emm

qx3 pkg - convert yamaha qx3 to/from smf - includes
    ydm

dom pkg - convert yamaha dom-30, drc-20, clavinova,
    disklavier - includes ydm

t123 pkg - convert korg t-series (t1, t2, t3) to/from
    smf - includes kdm

01w pkg - convert korg 01/w fd to/from smf - includes
    kdm

add pkg - convert standard midi files to/from alesis
    datadisk - includes adm

mmt pkg - convert alesis mmt-8 to/from smf - includes
    amm

q80 pkg - convert kawai q-80 to/from smf - includes
    wdm

pno pkg - convert pianodisc to/from smf - includes
    pdm

mc pkg - convert roland mc-50 & mc-500 markii to/from
    smf - includes rdm




giebler enterprises ensoniq software products      purchase online


featuring the ensoniq disk manager (edm)



    supports: mirage, sq-80, eps, eps-16, asr-10, asr-88, vfx-sd, sd-1, ts-10,
    ts-12
  
    list or print directories or labels for diskettes.
  
    copy individual files or entire diskettes to or from the pc's hard disk.
  
    copy large files to multiple diskettes.
  
    format, view and verify diskettes.
    

	(mirage can't copy or display individual files)
      
	(only copies sq-80 individual sequences)
      
	requires a 3 1/2" floppy disk drive.
    

    read ensoniq cd-rom discs on the computer's cd-rom drive.
  
    read, write, format scsi hard drives for use with ensoniq keyboards.




  ts-10 & ts-12 sequencer conversion software (ts10smf)      purchase online



    converts ts-10 & ts-12 sequences to type 1 standard midi files.
  
    converts type 1 standard midi files to ts-10 & ts-12 sequences.
  
    converts ts songs into one standard midi file including all song steps.
  
    lists ts-10, ts-12 and standard midi file sequences on the screen or printer.
  
    allows remapping of program changes and drum notes when converting midi files.
  
    includes mapping file and sounds for playing general midi sequences on the
    ts.
  
    allows filtering of controllers and program changes when converting midi
    files.
  
    ts10smf requires the ensoniq disk manager (edm).




  asr-10 & asr-88 sequencer conversion software (asrsmf)      purchase online



    converts asr sequences to type 1 standard midi files.
  
    converts type 1 standard midi files to asr sequences.
  
    converts asr songs into one standard midi file including all song steps.
  
    lists asr and standard midi file sequences on the screen or printer.
  
    allows remapping of program changes and drum notes when converting midi files.
  
    allows filtering of controllers and program changes when converting midi
    files.
  
    asrsmf requires the ensoniq disk manager (edm).




  vfx-sd & sd-1 sequencer conversion software (vfxsmf)      purchase online



    converts vfx-sd & sd-1 sequences to type 1 standard midi files.
  
    converts type 1 standard midi file sequences to vfx-sd or sd-1 sequences.
  
    converts songs into one standard midi file including all song steps.
  
    lists vfx-sd, sd-1 and smf sequences on the screen or printer.
  
    allows remapping of program changes and drum notes when converting midi files.
  
    allows filtering of controllers and program changes when converting midi
    files.
  
    lists contents of many vfx-sd & sd-1 file types.
  
    vfxsmf requires the ensoniq disk manager (edm).




  eps & eps-16 sequencer conversion software (epssmf)      purchase online



    converts eps & eps-16+ sequences to type 1 standard midi files.
  
    converts type 1 standard midi file sequences to eps or eps-16+ sequences.
  
    converts eps songs into one standard midi file including all song steps.
  
    lists eps, eps-16+ and smf sequences on the screen or printer.
  
    allows remapping of program changes and drum notes when converting midi files.
  
    allows filtering of controllers and program changes when converting midi
    files.
  
    epssmf requires the ensoniq disk manager (edm).


 

  esq-1 & sq-80 sequencer conversion software (sq80smf)      purchase online



    converts esq-1 & sq-80 sequences to type 1 standard midi files.
  
    converts type 1 standard midi files to esq-1 & sq-80 sequences.
  
    converts songs into one standard midi file including all song steps.
  
    allows remapping of program changes and drum notes when converting midi files.
  
    allows filtering of controllers and program changes when converting midi
    files.
  
    lists esq-1, sq-80 and standard midi file sequences on the screen or printer.
  
    sq80smf requires the ensoniq disk manager (edm) for the
    sq-80.
  
    sq80smf requires the ensoniq midi manager (emm) for the
    esq-1.




  the ensoniq midi manager (emm)



    transfers ensoniq sounds, presets, & sequences to/from the ibm-pc through
    a midi port.
  
    supports the esq1, vfx, sq-1, sq-2, sq-r, ks-32, kt-76, kt-88 & e-prime.
  
    use with edm to allow vfx (no disk drive) owners to read/write vfx-sd &
    sd-1 diskettes using the disk drive on their ibm-pc.
  
    emm supports mpu-401 compatible midi interfaces and several parallel port
    midi devices. call for pricing on midi interfaces.
  
    emm can not be run under windows 3.1 or windows 95.  you must exit windows
    completely or re-start in ms-dos mode.




  sq1, sq2 & ks-32 sequencer conversion software (sq1smf)



    converts sq1, sq2 & ks-32 sequences to type 1 standard midi files.
  
    converts standard midi file sequences to sq-1, sq-2 or ks-32 sequences.
  
    lists sq-1, sq-2, ks-32 and smf sequences on the screen or printer.
  
    allows remapping of program changes and drum notes when converting midi files.
  
    allows filtering of controllers and program changes when converting midi
    files.
  
    sq1smf requires the ensoniq midi manager (emm).




  kt-76 & kt-88  & e-prime sequencer conversion software (ktsmf)



    converts kt-76 & kt-88 & e-prime sequences to type 1 standard midi
    files.
  
    converts type 1 smf sequences to kt-76 & kt-88 & e-prime sequences.
  
    lists kt-76, kt-88, e-prime and smf sequences on the screen or printer.
  
    allows remapping of program changes and drum notes when converting midi files.
  
    allows filtering of controllers and program changes when converting midi
    files.
  
    ktsmf requires the ensoniq midi manager (emm).




  sq-80 to vfx-sd sequencer conversion software (sq80vfx)



    converts all sq-80 sequences & songs on a sq-80 diskette to vfx-sd/sd-1
    sequences on a vfx-sd/sd-1 diskette.
  
    transfers midi channel assignments, track status, volume levels, notes,
    controllers, and program numbers.
  
    can also convert all sq-80 sequences on a disk to standard midi files (smf).




  sd-1 to ts-10 sequencer conversion software (sd1ts10)



    converts all vfx-sd,sd-1 sequences and songs on a diskette to ts-10 (ts-12)
    sequences on a ts diskette.
  
    transfers midi channel assignments, track status, volume levels, notes,
    controllers, transpositions, and program numbers.





  giebler enterprises yamaha software products      purchase online



featuring ydm - yamaha diskette manager



    supports: qx3, dom-30, drc-20, clavinova, disklavier, sy-77, sy-99
  
    list or print directories or labels.
  
    copy individual files or entire disks to or from the pc's hard disk.
  
    format, view and verify diskettes on the pc's 3-1/2 inch disk drive.




  qx3 sequencer conversion software (qx3smf)      purchase online



    converts qx3 sequences to type 1 standard midi files (smf).
  
    converts type 1 smf sequences to qx3 sequences.
  
    transfers all controllers, notes, time signatures and tempos.
  
    lists qx3 and smf sequences on the screen or printer.




  dom-30, clavinova & disklavier sequencer conversion software (domsmf)      purchase online



    converts dom-30, drc-20, clavinova & disklavier sequences to standard
    midi files (smf).
  
    converts  type 0 or type 1 smf sequences to dom-30, drc-20, clavinova
    or disklavier sequences.
  
    transfers all controllers, notes, time signatures and tempos.
  
    lists dom-30, drc-20, clavinova, disklavier and smf sequences on the screen
    or printer.





  giebler enterprises korg software products      purchase online



featuring kdm - korg diskette manager



    supports: t1, t2, t3, 01/w fd
  
    list or print directories or labels.
  
    copy individual files or entire disks to or from the pc's hard disk.
  
    format, view and verify diskettes on the pc's 3-1/2 inch disk drive.




  t1, t2 & t3 sequencer conversion software (t123smf)      purchase online



    converts t-series sequences to type 1 standard midi files (smf).
  
    converts type 1 smf sequences to t-series sequences.
  
    transfers all controllers, notes, time signatures and tempos.
  
    lists t-series and smf sequences on the screen or printer.
  
    can extract or append one sequence from a sequencer file.
  
    can merge several sequencer files together.




  01/w sequencer conversion software (01wsmf)      purchase online



    converts 01/w fd sequences to type 1 standard midi files (smf).
  
    converts type 1 smf sequences to 01/w fd sequences.
  
    transfers all controllers, notes, time signatures and tempos.
  
    lists 01/w fd and smf sequences on the screen or printer.
  
    can extract or append one sequence from a sequencer file.
  
    can merge several sequencer files together.





  standard midi file conversion software (midismf)      purchase online



    converts standard midi files (smf) from type 0 to type 1 and from type 1
    to type 0.
  
    allows remapping drum note assignments or program changes during conversions.
  
    allows changing file resolutions (time base) during conversions.
  
    allows filtering controller information during conversions.
  
    modify feature allows filtering and remapping without converting the file
    type.
  
    list feature shows detailed listing of midi events.


a type 0 smf contains all information in one track while a type 1 smf
contains more than one track, usually one track for each musical part.




  giebler enterprises alesis software products      purchase online



featuring adm - alesis diskette manager



    list/print datadisk directory/label
  
    copy disk to/from harddisk
  
    copy datadisk files to harddisk
  
    copy file from harddisk
  
    format datadisk diskettes
  
    view/analyze diskettes




  datadisk sequencer conversion software (addsmf)      purchase online



    converts type 0 or 1 standard midi files (smf) into alesis datadisk sequences.
  
    transfers all controllers, notes and tempo changes.
  
    does not require a midi interface for the ibm-pc.
  
    also converts datadisk sequences into type 0 standard midi files.
  
    lists datadisk and smf sequences on the screen or printer.




  the alesis midi manager (amm)



    transfers alesis mmt-8 sequences to/from the ibm-pc through a midi port to
    the mmt-8.
  
    send or receive data from the hr-16 or sr-16 to/from the computer.
  
    store all of your alesis data on your hard disk drive.
  
    amm supports mpu-401 compatible midi interfaces and several parallel port
    midi devices. call for pricing on midi interfaces.
  
    amm can not be run under windows 3.1 or windows 95.  you must exit windows
    or re-start in ms-dos mode.




  mmt-8 sequencer conversion software (mmtsmf)



    converts mmt-8 sequences into type 1 standard midi files (smf).
  
    converts type 1 smf sequences into mmt-8 sequences.
  
    convert mmt-8 songs into one standard midi file including all steps.
  
    transfers all controllers, notes and tempo changes.
  
    requires amm and a midi interface for the ibm-pc.
  
    lists mmt-8 and smf sequences on the screen or printer.





  giebler enterprises kawai software products      purchase online



featuring the kawai diskette manager (wdm)



    list/print q-80 directory/label
  
    copy q-80 disk to/from harddisk
  
    copy q-80 files to harddisk
  
    copy q-80 file from harddisk
  
    format q-80 diskettes
  
    view/analyze q-80 diskettes




  q-80 sequencer conversion software (q80smf)      purchase online



    converts kawai q-80 sequences to type 1 standard midi files.
  
    converts type 1 standard midi files to q-80 sequences.
  
    lists q-80 and smf sequences on the screen or printer.
  
    allows remapping of program changes and drum notes when converting midi files.
  
    allows filtering of controllers and program changes when converting midi
    files.





  giebler enterprises pianodisc software products      purchase online



featuring the pianodisc diskette manager (pdm)



    list/print pianodisc directory/label
  
    copy pianodisc diskettes to/from harddisk
  
    copy pianodisc files to harddisk
  
    copy pianodisc files from harddisk
  
    format pianodisc diskettes
  
    view/analyze pianodisc diskettes




  pianodisc sequencer conversion software (pnosmf)      purchase online



    converts pianodisc sequences to type 0 standard midi files.
  
    converts type 0 or type 1 standard midi files to pianodisc sequences.
  
    lists pianodisc and standard midi file sequences on the screen or printer.
  
    allows remapping of program changes and drum notes when converting midi files.
  
    allows filtering of controllers and program changes when converting midi
    files.





  giebler enterprises roland software products      purchase online



featuring the roland diskette manager (rdm)



    list/print mc-50 & mc-500 mark ii directory/label
  
    copy mc-50 & mc-500 mark ii diskettes to/from harddisk
  
    copy mc-50 & mc-500 mark ii files to harddisk
  
    copy mc-50 & mc-500 mark ii files from harddisk
  
    format mc-50 & mc-500 mark ii diskettes
  
    view/analyze mc-50 & mc-500 mark ii diskettes




  mc-50 & mc-500 markii sequencer conversion software (mcsmf)      purchase online



    converts roland mc-50 & mc-500 mark ii sequences to standard midi files.
  
    converts type 0 or type 1 standard midi files to mc-50 & mc-500 mark
    ii sequences.
  
    lists mc-50, mc-500 mark ii and smf sequences on the screen or printer.
  
    allows remapping of program changes and drum notes when converting midi files.
  
    allows filtering of controllers and program changes when converting midi
    files.





  utilities & shareware


program for testing floppy disk bios compatibility
  (testbios)


download testbios.zip

ensoniq disk extractor shareware version 1.0.9. (ede109)


download ede109.zip




  ordering information      purchase online


  payment:



    order by phone, mail, or e-mail.
  
    some packages are available for download from our online store at www.giebler.biz

    pay by check, money order or credit card.
  
    all prices are in u.s. dollars.
  
    checks must be in u.s. funds drawn on a u.s. bank.
  
    foreign checks can not be processed and will be returned.


we accept visa, mastercard, american express, discover & paypal online!

  shipping:



    most mail orders ship within 24 hours.
  
    please allow 1 - 2 weeks for delivery in the u.s.
  
    add $10.00 for shipping & handling on orders in the u.s.
  
    add $20.00 for shipping & handling on foreign orders.
  
    federal express shipping available. call for pricing.




  contact:


  giebler enterprises
  26 crestview rd
  phoenixville, pa 19460 usa


voice: (610) 933-0332
e-mail: support@giebler.com

copyright © 1996 - 2023 giebler enterprises.
all rights reserved.
giebler, midismf, playoncue, partyjukebox, easysigns, midigig, musicminder, midiminder, adm, edm, kdm,
pdm, rdm, wdm, ydm, amm, emm, ede, eda, efe, efa, 01wsmf, addsmf, asrsmf,
domsmf, epssmf, ktsmf, mmtsmf, mcsmf, pnosmf, q80smf, qx3smf, sd1ts10, sq1smf,
sq80smf, sq80vfx, t123smf, ts10smf, vfxsmf and testbios are trademarks of
giebler enterprises.

