


clublife




















 






    
	clublife
	
  
an online journal of the nightly (and daily) nonsense endured by a (former) bouncer at two of new york's most popular nightclubs.



monday, june 03, 2013



	 the site has moved
    


from now on, everything is here.



posted by rob @ 10:35 pm  
 | 
 








	 moving day
    



so, we’ve now come to the
point where i’m finally doing something i should have done years ago: i’m
moving this blog to a new website with a dedicated domain name and a wordpress
blog platform.



the template you see on this
site is the first one i ever used, from the first night i started doing this
nearly ten years ago. i went on blogger, chose a basic setup, dicked around
with the html, and started writing. i eventually figured out how to create a
background, so i chose a jpeg of a hardwood floor that i found on google
images, and left the entire thing alone for nearly a decade. that flooring
background’s been gone for a while, right? i don’t know what happened to it. i
think i thought it looked like the dance floor at a club. 



i’ve been thinking a lot
lately about getting out and doing some stuff that’s not related to what i do
for work, meaning i want to get back into “writing for pleasure”—although,
since i’ve done it before, this probably means something more along the lines
of “writing to get attention and make money.” that would be cool, and i think i
have a lot of that in me—and i’ve always believed i could do this on more than
just the cheesy 2006 “job blogger” level.



sure, if i could have, i
would’ve done it by now, but there’s more to it than that. life’s just been
fucking weird over the past several years, and my career branched off in a
direction i didn’t think it would, away from the kind of work i really want to
be doing. you’ll get no complaints from me, but the direction i’ve gone isn’t
exactly what i envisioned when i first went out to lunch with a big time
literary agent who told me i had a “great writing career” ahead of me. 



i didn’t put in the work i
needed to do to get that. i’m aware of that. things are far from over, however.
 



i owe this blog a lot.
believe me when i tell you that it’s responsible for creating an entirely new
life for me. the opportunities it’s created have made me a decent amount of
money, i’ve met people i never otherwise
would have met, and it’s given me a whole new career doing something i never
thought would be possible: using my brain to make a living instead of my back.



in focusing solely on my job
for the past four or five years, however, i’ve veered away from this part of my
life. i’ve been trying to get back into it lately, though, and i’ve started
enjoying it again. with that said, if i’m going to get things moving again, i’m
also thinking it’s time to upgrade the facilities, too.



to do that, i called my
friend josh (he’s canadian, so if the new site sucks, he’s used to being blamed
for shit) and asked him to create a very basic website for me, using wordpress
as the blogging platform. blogger’s been awesome to me, but i prefer wordpress
because there’s more i can do with it. i didn’t want anything crazy in terms of
site design—just a really bare-bones black-and-white template that features
whatever text i’m putting up that day. it’s pretty empty right now, but the
sides—and everything else—will fill in if and when shit starts happening again.



will anyone care? who knows?
as always, i’m doing this for myself, so even if everyone completely drops off
and i’m the only one reading, i’ll still just keep going, because i like doing
it.



the new site address is
standingonthebox.com.



i’m moving away from the
whole “clublife” deal because it’s probably been about five years since i’ve
even set foot in a nightclub—much less bounced at one. metaphorically,
however—and yeah, i know this might be stupid, but fuck it—i’ve never really
moved “off the box,” either in my head or in life. i’m still watching, waiting
for trouble.








so, from now on,
everything’s switching over there. we’ll see how this goes. 




posted by rob @ 4:00 am  
 | 
 





friday, may 31, 2013



	 this is why business sucks
    



if you have talent, you work
hard, and you expect the people you work with to have talent and work hard,
too, you’re bound to be disappointed. too often, that’s not how professional
life works. when you’re good at what you do, your work ethic matches your competence,
and you expect your coworkers to hit those same standards, you’re an
outlier—and things will suck for you because people will catch on and begin
defending themselves against any change in the status quo. 



people who suck want to
continue to suck. that’s just how it is.



going into business for
yourself—or forming a startup venture with others—doesn’t immunize you against
the same suck you’ll find in corporate
jobs like the one i’m always bitching about, either. far from it, in fact. when
you come up with a solid concept, and you implement it and start making money,
you can expect the following six things to happen:



1. 
people who want something for nothing are going to
sue you. this is what useless people
do, and there’s nothing you can do about it aside from retaining a good lawyer
and putting him or her on speed dial. no matter how original your idea is, or
how hard you’ve worked to get your business started, there will always be
people who want to take it away from you.



2. 
no matter what steps you take to protect yourself,
people will blatantly copy (steal) your intellectual capital, your business
plan, and your methods of doing things. this is because original ideas are impossible to come by for people who
don’t have any talent and refuse to put in the work necessary to dig said ideas
out of the earth. as soon as you develop something worthwhile, they’ll circle
like vultures—and unfortunately, shotguns are strictly forbidden in this genre.




3. 
a large percentage of the people you hire, work with,
or consult with will eventually develop egos and think they deserve to
have their name on the door. the
idea of making money for someone else, with no recognition other than your
weekly paycheck, has a short shelf life. when people see you succeed, they’ll want that same success for
themselves—not as a member of a successful team, but as the actual boss. if
they’re looking to go off and hang out their own shingle, wish them luck and
buy them a drink—but when they start claiming your original idea as their own, telling others that they
were the brains behind the business, that’s
where you’ll run into problems. 



4. 
if you don’t watch them like a hawk, people will
attempt to bleed you dry. most
people don’t work nearly as hard as they claim they do. you have to judge the
quality of someone’s work by the results they’re getting—and not by the hours
they’re putting in. as i’ve said here before, if the first thing someone i’m
working with crows about is the number of hours they’re putting in every day,
i’m automatically skeptical because i’ll start wondering why it’s taking them
so fucking long to produce less work than i’m doing in a quarter of the time. 



5. 
you will eventually spend 90 percent of your time
dealing with other people’s bullshit instead of doing the work required to
build and maintain your core business. sad
but true. once you’ve implemented your idea and built the framework of a solid
business, stupid shit takes over, and rather than continuing to do what you’ve
been doing, you’ll be busy mediating meaningless disputes between people you
likely shouldn’t have involved yourself with in the first place.








6. 
you learn that the unemployment rate is so high
because a massive percentage of the population simply isn’t worth hiring. true story. we’ve been looking to fill the same two
or three positions for months now. these jobs pay fairly well, and they offer a
shitload of incentives—along with a lot of freedom. you’d think finding
qualified people would be easy, but it’s not, because everyone we’ve
interviewed for these jobs has royally sucked. this has applied to everyone
from new grads to people who claim to have decades of experience. to a man—and woman—they’ve
all been woefully mediocre, which explains a great deal about recent economic
statistics. 




posted by rob @ 4:00 am  
 | 
 





thursday, may 30, 2013



	 access
    



like all the other suckers
looking for shortcuts, i enthusiastically read tim ferriss’s the four
hour workweek a few years ago. i was really
into it at the time because i was stuck in a shitty corporate job back then,
and the book’s whole selling point is the idea that it’s possible to get out of
that situation permanently by implementing “lifestyle design” concepts that
create income streams that you don’t have to put continuous work into—i.e., you
don’t fuck with them, and they don’t fuck with you.



i’m not here to critique
this book. i have no problem with it. what ferriss claims is possible
absolutely is possible—even though his
book isn’t exactly the blueprint i’ve used for my career, which has taken some
interesting turns over the past year or so. much of what he advocates isn’t
really my scene, but it was a fun read—and at the time, it was interesting to
see someone game the system (read: the publishing industry) the way he did.



my problem now is with
people who use ferriss’s book as the absolute bible for everything they do.
chief amongst these offenses, at least when i’m dealing with people in
business, is the idea of being completely out of touch with everyone in the
world until you’re damned good and ready to answer your email or return phone
calls.



because the four hour
workweek was so popular, we’re now confronted
with thousands upon thousands of thirty-something self-styled “entrepreneurs”
who intentionally delay responding to communications for weeks on end—and who
tell you they need to schedule fifteen minute phone conversations two weeks in advance.




my advice, for what it’s
worth?



if you’re a guy who’s doing
this shit, you have to stop. i’m very busy, too. i’ve got a shit-ton going on
professionally, i have a shit-ton happening personally, and i’m also trying to
get back into writing for something other than work. although i’ve been
addressing cutting all the fat out of my life for productivity purposes lately,
my days are still extremely full. 



that’s why it’s fucking
infuriating when people—i’m talking about guys who want and need to do
business shit with me, not people i’m soliciting for stuff—take several days to
respond to communications. i especially despise it when they say shit like,
“yeah, i can do a phone meeting. how about a week from thursday at 8:30 am?”



horseshit. you’re not that
fucking busy. the president isn’t that fucking busy.



i’m writing about this
because i deal with these types every single day, and i’ve actually stopped
working with several of them because they’ve pulled this shit. it’s great to be
in total control of your own time—and to be able to prevent people from
disrupting you when you need to focus—but the flipside of this is that taking
excessively long to respond to people is disrespectful, and it’ll piss them
off. when you’re dealing with responsible adults who keep regimented schedules
and appreciate considerate behavior from their colleagues and business
associates, this isn’t the approach you should be taking. 



in fact, i just “fired”
someone who was running this little game with me. before i broke it off, i
asked him if he’d read the four hour workweek, and he said it was his favorite book. i told him i couldn’t work with
someone who took a week to get back to me every time i asked him a question,
and i severed the relationship. now he’s frantic to get my business back.



tough shit, dick. show some
respect, and we’ll talk. 



i’ve often said that i miss
the rotary phone era—and the idea that you didn’t know who’d called you during
the day until you got home at night and saw a note on the kitchen table or a
blinking answering machine. tablets and smartphones can certainly be invasive
if we let them abuse us, and it sucks to be constantly reachable by everyone on
the fucking planet. this level of accessibility is wonderful for professional reasons,
but personally, i prefer to stay far off the grid until i want to be in touch.



our reality, however, is
that we are reachable. the technology we
all own means we’re only a text or email away from whoever needs to communicate
with us. putting yourself as out of touch as some of these guys do is both
absurd and offensive, and it makes
people not want to work or do business with you.








do this selectively, or
don’t do it at all. 




posted by rob @ 4:00 am  
 | 
 





wednesday, may 29, 2013



	 situations
    



the first thing i mentioned
last week was my plan to black out all social media and to severely curtail my
abusive email checking. for a week now, i’ve taken a serious crack at both of
these things. my efforts have been partially successful.



the facebook situation



this part worked. i signed
off for the last time in the middle of last week, and i’ve only been back on
once since then—to temporarily deactivate my account. from now on, i’ll only be
using facebook for email purposes. it’s an very effective way to find people if
you have no contact information for them—but for me, that’s going to be the
extent of my usage.



i don’t miss it, i haven’t
needed it, and i’ve recaptured a shitload of lost time by not using it.
deactivation is kind of a symbolic measure, because logging back on is all it
takes to reactivate a dormant account, but i’m making a statement—to
myself—that i’m no longer going to waste my time getting annoyed by stupid
memes, shitty grammar, and dumb announcements from people i used to know in the
nightclub business. 



very rewarding, and very
productive.



the gmail situation



i really suck at this. i’ve
definitely cut down a bit on checking my email, but i’m still prone to using my
gmail tab as a default click whenever i take a break from anything. what’s
worse, that “inner clock” i wrote about last week is still going off—the one
that compels me to move away from whatever i’m doing to check my email because
i think something must have come in
since the last time i looked.



it keeps happening, and it’s
annoying. i can’t use site blockers because i need to use email fairly often
for work purposes, but i also need to get things on some kind of hourly
schedule. the plan is to keep working on this until i get it right. 



the calendar situation



this was a very simple fix.
every night before i go to sleep, i fill out my calendar for the entire next
day. when i wake up in the morning, i just stick to the schedule i’ve laid out.



this plays to one of my
strengths. i can be a lazy, obnoxious piece of shit, and i’ve been known to
procrastinate like a motherfucker, but i’ve never been late for anything in my
entire life. i’ve operated on a fifteen-minutes-early timeframe since i was a
kid. this isn’t something i was taught by anyone, either. i’ve just reasoned
out over the years that lateness is the ultimate sign of disrespect for other
people, and i refuse to engage in it.



using a calendar instead of
a conventional to-do list has helped me see tasks in terms of time, as opposed
to a nebulous list of shit that “eventually” needs to get done. this is about
starting things more than it is about finishing them. if you tell me
something’s due tomorrow morning, i’ll get it done, but i might wait until four
in the morning to start working on it. tell me i have to start the job today at
7 am, however, and i’ll be there at 6:45, drinking a cup of coffee and getting
ready to go. that’s just how i’ve always been, and the calendar method works
well for me. 



the idea situation



last week, i came up with an
idea that i want to try. it’s a writing project about something i’ve been
experiencing lately, and i think it would interest a lot of people. i’d also
like to start writing again—about an
actual topic, and not just about myself and my attempts to get my shit
together.








i know i said i was going to
implement this idea this week, but here’s the thing: it’s an idea that’s grown
on me, and i don’t want to waste it by just vomiting the thing out on the page.
i want to make sure i put some thought into doing it right and making it good—and
i also need to talk to a few involved people to make sure it’s cool with them
for me to write about this. when everything’s settled in that regard, i’ll get
moving on it. 




posted by rob @ 4:00 am  
 | 
 





tuesday, may 28, 2013



	 fonts
    


i have no idea why this entire fucking blog is now in an italicized courier font.

what a shit show. sorry.



posted by rob @ 4:31 pm  
 | 
 








	 dusted
    











my girlfriend (we’ll call
her “m”) needed to start cleaning out her office last weekend. she’s taking a
new job after ten years with the same company—using the same office the entire
time—and clearing out a decade’s worth of shit isn’t the easiest thing to do.
unless, of course, you’re accompanied by an irritable, impatient, profusely
sweating prick who has no emotional attachment to anything in your office—and
who yells at you whenever you take more than three seconds to decide whether to
throw something away.




when m finished cleaning off
her desk, she went to a utility closet and brought back a product called
dust-off, which she sprayed on her laptop and desktop keyboards. dust-off is a
can of air that you shoot at your keyboard through a small straw. it blows all
the dried chewing tobacco flakes—sorry, dust—out of all the little crevasses in
your keyboard. it’s very effective.




i switched to a macbook pro
a few months ago, and i’ve been trying to keep this thing in virgin condition.
finding dust-off that day was a very exciting thing for me. i watched m spray
down her keyboards, and i fantasized about all the nasty shit that would fly
out of my macbook pro when i applied my own can of dust-off, which i vowed to
find and purchase as soon as possible.




i could have swiped one from
m’s building, but m is paranoid about shit like that. she gave me a hard time
when i asked her for a pack of legal pads, so i assumed there must be some
angry logistics and supply clerk somewhere in the building who would track the missing
can to her and, perhaps, take legal action. i didn’t want to risk m’s
illustrious career like that, so i left without my prize.  




a few days later, i went to
office max to look for dust-off. it wasn’t in the cleaning supplies aisle,
which i found strange because dust-off can be found in that category on the
office max website. i asked a guy in a red polo shirt what the deal was, and he
told me they have to keep dust-off locked up because too many people were
spraying it up their noses in the store. this happened so frequently that it
became store policy to keep dust-off off the shelves—despite the fact that it
now contains a “bitterent” designed to deter people from huffing it.




this reminds me of something
that happened back when this blog was getting shitloads of attention and people
were inviting me to parties in manhattan. i was in a bar with a bunch of people
i didn’t know—but who all seemed to know me—when a girl asked me if i’d go
outside with her while she smoked a cigarette. she was very pretty, so i went.
she smoked, took her last puff, threw the butt on the sidewalk, then said
something unusual.




“that cigar store across the
street has whippets. you wanna do some?”




no. thank you, though. 




this was kind of like the
girl who wrote me and said, without irony, “hey, i love your blog! you’re an
awesome writer! can you come over and fix the lock on my apartment door?” maybe
this was a ruse and she wanted something else. probably. i never wrote her
back. 




there was a time in my life
where i knew about all the shit in the supermarket that you could sniff,
swallow, and smoke to get yourself high. i never actually did any of it—really, i didn’t—but i grew up with, hung
out with, and am related to, people who did shit like that. i preferred to just
sit and consistently drink, i.e., while everyone else was wasting time rolling
joints and snorting reddi-whip at 7-11, i continued to observe my
one-drink-every-ten-minutes rule, which meant that no matter how much they all
smoked or huffed, i’d still be more polluted than the entire room combined by
the end of the night. 




that’s kind of still my
deal, even though i haven’t had a drink in a while.




but dust-off? i had no idea,
and i don’t like that i had no idea. i suppose i’ve graduated, life-wise, from
knowing what 16-year-olds are shoving up their noses, but it still makes me sad
that this was news to me, as though i’ve lost touch with a whole body of
knowledge i’d developed and maintained for the first thirty or so years of my
life.





that, plus i think it’s
fucking pathetic that i have to ask somebody to go in the back and get me my
dust-off because the general public can’t be trusted with it, but that’s far
too easy of a target. fuck people anyway.  





posted by rob @ 4:00 am  
 | 
 














contact rob fitzgerald

clublifeblog (at) gmail (dot) com

publicity, media and speaking engagements


just email me

order the book


 amazon page

previous posts

the site has moved
moving day
this is why business sucks
access
situations
fonts
dusted
experiment
moderate success
friend of bill w

archives

december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
september 2009
october 2009
december 2009
february 2010
march 2010
may 2010
august 2010
september 2010
october 2010
december 2010
january 2011
february 2011
april 2011
july 2011
august 2011
september 2011
october 2011
december 2011
january 2012
february 2012
march 2012
april 2012
may 2012
july 2012
august 2012
september 2012
december 2012
january 2013
february 2013
march 2013
april 2013
may 2013
june 2013





<
?
bostonites
#
>







this work is licensed under a creative commons license.







 








