





becoming unbound



 

 
related links

michael
    wolff on the future of the media
black media foundation
collegebound



becoming unbound
kim pearson
publisher
"i do not weep at the state of the
world. i am too busy sharpening my oyster-knife."
zora neale hurston
if hunter thompson, the 1960s-era
"gonzo" journalist were to write another of his "fear and
loathing" books, the modern news business could easily be his subject. it's
easy for any industry insider or observer to be pessimistic as graying newspaper
staffs struggle to hold on to declining readerships, newsmagazines such as george
and emerge go under, and television news becomes increasingly tabloid and
trivial. factor in the ongoing mega-merger fever,  the dot-com nosedive,
and the failure to meet long-established newsroom diversity goals, and it's easy
to see why many newspeople are more focused on resumes than rewrites these days.
the online journalism bust is particularly
distressing to many media professionals, who hoped that commercial online news
operations would bring back readers, advertisers and audiences.  michael
wolff, new york magazine's media columnist, is among the experts
declaring that particular dream dead.  "the internet as media has
failed," wolfe recently told iwantmedia.com. "....[t]here was no way to generate
money out of content. it didn't work for advertisers, and it's not going to
work." wolff predicts that the internet will become like the telephone -- a
useful way to share information, but not a journalistic vehicle. 
but the picture isn't all bleak for
journalists.  there are some valuable lessons -- and
opportunities in the current confusion.  
the internet can be more than an
online public library, shopping mall or billboard. we can use the 'net to
accomplish some of the internal industry goals that have eluded us. i believe
online journalism, in particular, can be a powerful tool for strengthening and
diversifying the ranks of journalists.
i offer the unbound experience as
evidence.
we started modestly, as a project for 
magazine writing and graphic design students, and in some respects, we're still
small potatoes.   we were 
mickey-rooney/judy-garland-"let's make an online magazine!"-naive. of
the 30 or so people involved in unbound at the outset, maybe six of us knew what
<html> meant.  i wasn't one of them -- i didn't know slashdot from
shinola.
it is a completely organic enterprise. under
faculty direction, students conduct market research, wrote
proposals, create and revamp organizational structures and processes.  the
staff has wrote an operations manual, technical manual and style guide, and developed and implemented
marketing and promotion plans. i provide information on the typical structure
and management, coach editors and writers, scramble for start-up resources,
critique, edit and dream with them.  to help us grow, i've cajoled
professional designers and editors into donating advice, guidance, and elbow
grease.
but after five years of continuous
publication, we think we've created a model journalism operation that serves
both as a training vehicle for understanding how new technology changes the
human dynamics of the newsroom.  here are some tentative observations:


online newsrooms are organizationally
    flatter and more fluid than traditional print newsrooms.  reporting,
    editing and production are more continuous and less discrete.

online newsrooms  are best run by
    participatory, not authoritarian managers. that's a stark contrast to the
    culture of the traditional newspaper.

storytelling is still central, but it
    takes time and experimentation to learn how to make the best use of
    the  medium.  this has been true of every technological advance in
    journalism, so it's no surprise that we're still learning.

people skills are as important as
    technology skills -- sometimes moreso.

the exciting part of this is that the people
who seem to flourish in this kind of cooperative, learning-organization
environment are people with non-traditional learning styles and strong affective
leadership abilities. educational research suggests that women and minority
journalists, in particular, should flourish in such settings. anecdotal evidence
suggests that's exactly what's happening.
for example, i remember mairin, who served us
in a variety of roles, from production assistant to editor-in-chief.  in
the beginning, she was prone to regular rants about how she hated interviewing
strangers, using computers, writing on deadline, you name it.  but she kept
coming back, issue after issue. eventually, she even became news editor of our
school paper,  the signal, and she's now a statehouse reporter for
gannett.
and then there's charlene, our indispensable
current editor-in-chief.  charlene is neither a college student, nor a
trained journalist. she's a  web designer and technical writer who
has overcome poverty, rape, disability and who has successfully raised two
sons.  
enough charlenes and mairins have passed
through our organization to convince me that we've got something worth building
upon. thus, the unbound institute has been formed with three programmatic
thrusts: 


continuing to refine expand unbound with
    content that is fresh, intriguing, and engaging

launching a pre-college program. this
    spring, we began a pilot project with teachers and community groups in
    trenton, new jersey to create unboundii.
    we are also raising funds for an ambitious
    residential summer program that will prepare high school students for
    careers in business, technology and computer-assisted reporting.

conducting ethnographic and social
    psychology research that will help newsroom managers and journalism
    educators understand how to really  foster diversity in their
    ranks.

over time, i'll be using this space to report
on our progress, and to share what we're learning. i'll also be talking about
some other organizations and people who are doing interesting things in this
area.  i look forward to learning from you as well -- your advice,
experiences and questions challenge us and help us grow.
so get a little crazy.  dream with us.
become unbound.


share your thoughts on this story in our forum.

 


send mail to kpearson@tcnj.edu with
questions or comments about this web site.


copyright © 2001 kim pearson


last modified: june 20, 2001




