









	nisc | publishing africa's journals, database & books










 






























 












                                    home                                




                                    about us                                



                                    news                                



                                    products                                





                                    publish with us                                



                                    contact us                                






browse


                                journals                                

all journals
authors
subscribe



                                databases                                


                                books                                












×
input error
please enter a search keyword.




find us on
                                facebook
follow
                                us on twitter
follow us on
                                linkedin
pay online
open access












 

african journal of marine science
an international forum for the publication of original scientific contributions or critical reviews, involving oceanic, shelf or estuarine waters, inclusive of oceanography, studies of organisms and their habitats, and aquaculture.  
read more...  


 

south african journal of african languages
a peer-reviewed research journal devoted to the advancement of african (bantu) and khoe-san languages and literatures.  
read more...  


 

hollywood and africa: recycling the ‘dark continent’ myth, 1908–2020
hollywood and africa - recycling the ‘dark continent’ myth from 1908–2020 is a study of over a century of stereotypical hollywood film productions about africa. it argues that the myth of the dark continent continues to influence western cultural productions about africa as a cognitive-based system of knowledge, especially in history, literature and film.  
read more...  


 

queer bodies in african films
in examining diverse films in various languages and from different parts of the african continent, queer bodies in africa films shows that queer african experiences and cultural productions have developed beyond the hegemony of south africa. furthermore. its nuanced reading of films from different geographic zones and time frames contends that a focus on the body allows for a unique understanding of what queerness is and means within the context of africa. 
read more...  


 

southern african linguistics and applied language studies
articles on a wide range of linguistic topics and acts as a forum for research into all the languages of southern africa, including english and afrikaans.  
read more...  


nisc journalscurrently 38 075 articles
nisc databasesbibliographic databases
nisc booksa variety of academic works
publish with us publish your article, journal, book or database with us 


 







latest news



                    call for papers: grazing management in a diverse and dynamic world                



                    call for papers: special issue on ai and ornithology                



                    grammaticality judgements of tense by young adult speakers of shona                



                    in memory of w richard j dean – an ornithological legend                


   more...


latest articles



                    a study of a kirchhoff-type p(x)-triharmonic problem involving two parameters                



                    concentration and cavitation in the riemann solution for the relativistic euler equations with non-ideal isothermal dusty...                



                    on p-k-convex solutions for the p-k-hessian system with the gradient term                



                    well-posedness result for the flow of maxwell viscoelastic fluid of white-metzner type                


   more...









“ it has been an enriching experience working with such enthusiastic and professional people at nisc who have become more friends than business partners over the years. - stan pillar, editor of the african journal of marine science (1996-2013)”

“ the biggest development in the history of quaestiones mathematicae was the association with nisc and to have the journal running in a very stable way without severe financial concerns. - barry green, qm editor”

“ the proofs look great! thank you so much. the efficiency of the journal now is really excellent. easy to work with, and so thorough. i appreciate it. - regular sajp author on his first interaction with nisc”

“ the paper was wonderfully laid out and rapidly published - author- ostrich: journal of african ornithology”

“ the editorial experience was excellent: the reviewers were timely and their feedback was generative. the co-editor of the special issue was proactive about communicating information to me. in latter stages, the staff that shepherded the essay through the copy-editing stages was also very helpful and in good contact. - author - eastern african literary and cultural studies”















©
                    2025                    
                         national inquiry services centre                    
                    •
                    
                        terms & conditions
                    
                    •
                    
                        privacy policy
                    
                    •
                    
                        sitemap
                    
                    •
                    
                        contact
                    







