



the anglican catholic church








































 catholic faithapostolic orderorthodox worshipevangelical witness








the anglican catholic church





about us

mission

locations

administration

resources

support
 












an ancient faith...             for the modern world

















the anglican catholic church welcomes you! we are a worldwide body of catholic christians, worshipping in the anglican tradition and subscribing to the "faith once delivered to the saints" (jude 1:3). to learn more about us and our faith, click "about us" above.













press release on calvin robinson (2/3/2025)background on calvin robinson and the acc.prior to september of 2024, calvin robinson was a priest of the nordic catholic church, an old catholic church based primarily in scandinavia and the uk. in october of 2023, robinson visited the acc’s provincial synod in orlando, fl and subsequently expressed an interest in serving a parish in the us. after undergoing the necessary procedures, he was received in orders and licensed to serve at the parish of st. paul’s, grand rapids, mi. as of january 29th, 2025, he had served in the acc a little over four months. why did the acc take action?when robinson was received into the acc, he was told that there was a distinction of offices between political activist and parish priest. his bishops made it clear to him that he had been received into the church to minister to a parish, and as such, he would have to eschew the provocative political behavior that characterized his prior career as a tv presenter, blogger, and social media influencer. he has not done so, and what happened at the national right to life summit was not an isolated incident. as robinson himself has said, “context is key.” he was not hired by the acc to be an official spokesman, social media influencer, or to provoke the “hysterical liberals” (his words) in online culture wars; he was licensed by an acc bishop to serve as a parish priest. he was repeatedly warned not to engage in the sort of behavior that he displayed at the national right to life conference, and he did not comply. as such, his license to serve in the acc was revoked. in doing so, the bishops acted in accordance with acc canons. what does this mean for calvin robinson?robinson has not been “defrocked” or “deposed” by the acc. those require an extended canonical process. he is still a priest and is free to return to the nordic catholic church, the free church of england, or the church of england, the three churches, which since 2022, he has been a member of and subsequently left. he may also seek a new church to affiliate with or continue an independent online ministry. what he may not do is serve in the acc or with its ecumenical partners. where does the acc stand?the acc stands by its original statement. the sort of conduct robinson displayed at the national right to life summit is harmful, divisive, and contrary to the tenets of christian charity. priests are certainly called to support the church’s teaching on the sanctity of life and on a range of other doctrinal issues; but they are not called to provoke, to troll, or to behave uncharitably, even to their foes. this is not “woke” doctrine; it is basic christian teaching and consistent with the expectations the acc has of its priests. 





news














news from the acc comes in two forms. many stories are published online and may be accessed by clicking the links in the newsfeed. we also produce a printed paper called the trinitarian.  first published in 1979, the trinitarian is the official gazette of the acc.  it prints news and commentary of interest to continuing churchmen, as well as stories and information provided by our g-3 anglican partners. the trinitarian is available in paper copy and digital format, and can be delivered to sites outside the us.  to subscribe, click the link below.



subscribe







latest news

















a statement on the revocation of calvin robinson's license










                            02.06.2025
                    
























a statement on calvin robinson










                            01.29.2025
                    
























new bishop for the diocese of mindanao shares his vision for the future










                            12.06.2023
                    






























worship

can't make it to church? while there's no substitute for people coming together as brothers and sisters in christ, sometimes the circumstances don't work out. for those who are isolated or unable to attend in-person worship, st. matthew's parish in newport beach, ca livestreams holy communion service every sunday at 12 noon est. or if you would like to pray along with the daily office, visit our friends at the cradle of prayer by clicking the link below.

pray the office






















mission

the acc is present in countries across the world, and in all places we strive to carry out the great commission of christ, preaching the gospel and performing works of mercy for those in need. the saint paul mission society is the strong arm of the church in this regard, but to work effectively, it needs your support.  prayer is the most powerful tool we have, but we also need funding to carry out our work. to find out how help advance the work of the spms, click the link below.

support the mission





















contact us





name

field is required


email

field is required
incorrect email


subject

field is required


message

field is required


                    your message was sent successfully
                

                    sorry, your message was not sent
                


send








visit the acc on social media


























visit us







click the map above to view diocesan locations.to find a parish of the acc, click here; to find a parish of the g-3 anglican churches in north america, click here



























the anglican catholic church 





the anglican catholic church is a worldwide body of believers, with churches in united states, canada, great britain, australia, africa, india, and south america.  we are a member of the g-4 body of continuing anglicans and in full communion with the anglican church of india, pakistan, burma, and ceylon (cipbc).  





© 2020 the anglican catholic church.





social media






































office of the archbishop     800 timothy road, athens, ga 30606, usa     monday - friday 10:00 am- 3:00 pm est    enquiries@anglicancatholic.org     call us today: 706.546.6910


























