
















































































westfield public schools, nj | home



skip to contentparent portalstudent registrationcalendarathleticsstaff portaljobssearch sitewestfield public schoolsparent portalstudent registrationcalendarathleticsstaff portaljobssearch sitemenuschoolstranslatemenuschoolstranslatecollapse menubond ref & budgetdistrict newsletterstrategic planskip gallery your browser does not support videos. end of galleryboard agenda/minutescurriculumspecial programsspotlight on educationstaff directorystudent/parent handbookhib resources

strategic plan 2023-2028







mission statement


                the westfield public school district, in partnership with
                families and the community, educates all students to reach their
                highest potential as productive, well-rounded and engaged
                citizens who value individual differences and embrace diversity.
              



learning


goal 1: deepen the learning experiences of all
                students to prepare them for their future.
              



inclusivity


goal 3: increase diversity, equity, and
                inclusivity across academic and extracurricular programs.
              



community


goal 4: strengthen the relationship between the
                schools, the district, and the community.
              



finance


goal 5: develop a comprehensive finance and
                facilities plan that will allow the district to achieve all
                other aspects of this strategic plan.
              



wellness


goal 2: promote school culture, programs, and
                practices that prioritize wellness.
              










          the 2023-2028 strategic plan is a roadmap that
          outlines the westfield public school district's long-term goals and
          the strategies to achieve them. the plan ensures that the district's
          vision, resources, and initiatives are aligned with the needs of our
          students and staff. it is a living document that guides our daily
          decisions, driving everything we do to foster a thriving and
          innovative learning environment.
        


          explore each circle in the interactive
          strategic plan logo to discover the plan’s five key
          goals. to dive deeper into the full strategic plan and the detailed
          process behind its development, click the button below.
        


read the full strategic plan





find uswestfield public schools302 elm streetwestfield, nj 07090phone: (908) 789-4400dr. raymond gonzález
superintendentfalynn balassone
anti-bullying coordinatordr. david greer
affirmative action officer / title ix coordinatorstay connectedcopyright © 2025 westfield public schools. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more




