







exotic animal veterinarian | animal care unlimited veterinary hospital, columbus, oh


































access




menu
contact






animal care unlimited






home

services

behavior
boarding

dental care
digital radiology, ultrasound & diagnostics
emergency
end of life care
eye care
internal medicine
heart health
nutrition
online store
pain management & laser therapy
pharmacy
skin problems & allergies
surgery
wellness care & vaccinations



bird & exotic care

pet resources

blog
links
adoptions
promotions
pet loss & grief library



client forms

new client form
boarding admission form
bird information form
reptile information form
small mammal information form
fear free questionnaire form



about us

our history
veterinarians & staff
ohio wildlife center
hospital tour
employment opportunities
certified fear free professionals



contact us


request an appointment

prescription refills



emergencies




















visit animal care unlimited
the attention your unique pets deserve



request an appointment
online store
our expertise, support, and care























outstanding care and services


animal care unlimited offers outstanding preventive care and veterinary services to a wide variety of traditional and exotic pets. our patients include dogs, cats, birds, reptiles, small mammals, and companion farm animals such as ducks, chickens, and mini pigs. we treat all other unusual pet mammal species, with proper permit, including those native to ohio such as skunks, raccoons, and squirrels.
located in northwest columbus, we serve dublin, worthington, powell, hilliard, and all of the surrounding ohio communities.














certified fear free professionals





is your pet stressed, anxious or fearful when going to the vet? if so, you are not alone. all of us here at animal care unlimited have experienced much of the same with our own pets, which is why we know we can help!
at every visit, and in all aspects of care, our doctors and staff are committed to looking after your pet’s physical and emotional well-being. our desire is to create a veterinary experience that both you and your pet can enjoy. all of our staff doctors and the majority of our animal care team are now certified fear free® professionals. since we began training in these practices, we have been pleased with the response both our clients and patients have given us and we’d like to tell you a little more about it.






unparalleled expertise, technology and attention
we offer advanced diagnostics and comprehensive services including surgical, medical, and critical care for all companion animal species. wellness care, dental services, and nutritional support promote optimal pet health and longevity. experienced, skilled professionals provide intensive individualized attention, the highest standard of care available.


support for pet owners
pet owner services include behavioral counseling, boarding, and valuable resources and information.
enjoy convenient online access to forms, prescription refills and appointments.









questions?





request an appointment





prescription refills













contact us:
animal care unlimited


call us today: 
(614) 766-2317(614) 766-2317


e-mail us: 
info@animalcareunlimited.com 

address:

2665 billingsley rd
columbus,
                                    ohio
43235




monday – friday: 
                                7 a.m. – 7 p.m.
                            
saturday: 
                                9 a.m. – 3 p.m.
                            
sunday: 
                                closed
                            




map and directions:













animal care unlimited homepage



aaha® site



fear free professionals™



the materials offered on this website are intended for educational purposes only. animal care unlimited does not provide veterinary medical services or guidance via the internet. please consult your pet's veterinarian in matters regarding the care of your animals.


copyright © 2025 animal care unlimited. all rights reserved.
veterinary website by beyond indigo pets
























