







oak bluffs inn - martha's vineyard bed and breakfast • hotel martha's vineyard • oak bluffs hotel





















































skip to content 



	click here to view our live webcam! [new]




 


menu 
rooms
the inn

getting here
reviews
video
faqs
about the inn
guest policies
blog
contact


the vineyard
webcam
facebook
instagram
twitter
youtube
(508) 693-7171book now 





best of boston 2020. i wanted the ritz in a humble inn situated right in oak bluffs... and i found it!perfect relaxing spot in the center of oak bluffs, near everything but also quiet.the owners are super personable and totally accommodating.porch life, it's that good!!











welcome
to the oak bluffs inn

locally-owned lodgings in the heart of martha's vineyard 
view rooms







5 mins to the beach





great downtown location





local expert innkeepers





complimentary wifi





luxurious amenities





parking available


amenities




martha's vineyard
local innkeepers. local knowledge
rhonda and erik albert live and breathe martha's vineyard. they are your ticket to a memorable vacation with unforgettable local experiences. just ask!
the vineyard



amenitiesair conditioningprivate bathscontinental breakfast (may 1 - oct 31) gluten free optionswalk to beach, shops, and restaurantscomplimentary snacks and beveragesoff street parkingoutdoor patiofrette linenswrap around porchaveda productsfree wififirepitbike rack and floor pumprefrigerators in most roomsview rooms now...



 

we are on our way home after a 3 night stay at the inn. we had a wonderful time and most of it thanks to our host eric. he goes above and beyond for his patrons. eric helped us maximize our trip by making recommendations and planning our day. i stupidly left my hat at a bar one night and eric magically tracked it down and returned it to me while getting us to a ferry on time! i would love to stay here again and encourage you to do so. the atmosphere is welcoming and fun! you feel like family by the end of the trip.
lisa palotta smith


 read reviews

vacation
at our martha’s vineyard inn

the oak bluffs inn is the perfect home base for your island vacation.  the ten room inn is walking distance to all oak bluffs has to offer with easy access for exploring the rest of beautiful martha’s vineyard.
our ten guest rooms are individually decorated and appointed with everything essential for your relaxing island stay.  a mix of modern amenities coupled with an old world style and casual coastal vibe provides the ideal atmosphere for your island home away from home.  many guests return year after year.
the innkeepers, erik and rhonda, have owned and operated the inn for 21 years.  together, they are experts at anticipating your needs and helping you achieve your uniquely perfect island vacation.
please be aware that we do not have ada accessible rooms and bathrooms.  as such, accessibility features such as ramps and elevators are not available on the property or within the inn.  all guest room are accessed exclusively by a set of stairs, a gravel parking lot and gravel walkway.


 




check availability fromstaying
1 night
2 nights
3 nights
4 nights
5 nights
6 nights
7 nights
8 nights
9 nights
10 nights
11 nights
12 nights
13 nights
14 nights
fornumber of guests
1 guest
2 guests
3 guests
4 guests
5 guests
6 guests
7 guests
8 guests
check availability & book online









			oak bluffs inn
		

64 circuit ave, oak bluffs, ma 02557


(508) 693-7171
info@oakbluffsinn.com

check availability & book online


connect with us
passenger ferries to martha’s vineyardposted february 2, 2025read our blog

 
© 2025 oak bluffs innguest policies
accessibility
legal
privacy
sitemap

website by community web development
 





rooms
the inn

getting here
reviews
video
faqs
about the inn
guest policies
blog
contact


the vineyard
webcam
facebook
instagram
twitter
youtube
(508) 693-7171book now 



close



















