
      southwest bank tx | sba business loans | wealth management
    


 homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files. announcementclose alert    got it, thanks! (close alert)  
      southwest bank tx | sba business loans | wealth management
    fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentsouthwest bank 

schedule an appointment

opening an account

toggle menu close menu 

personal


deposits


checking

savings

money market

health savings

cds & iras



loans


auto

construction

personal

credit card



resources


reorder checks

mobile banking

fraud prevention

estatements

financial calculators





business


deposits


checking

savings

money market

cds



loans


business loans

sba lending

credit card



resources


titan finance

fraud prevention

treasury management

merchant services





trust & wealth


investment management

employee benefit plans

estates & trusts

property management

trust & wealth locations



about


who we are

locations

careers

newsroom

contact us



loginsearch south west bankclose search dialogwhat can we help you find?start search  start site searchcommon searchesrouting #112322508

submit a travel notice

report a lost or stolen card

personal checking

personal checking

 online bankingclose login dialogaccess your accounts here select login currently active: online bankingonline bankingwealth management logintreasury management logincredit card loginusernameforgot passwordenroll nowloginlogin to wealth managementforgot passwordlogin to treasury managementlogin to credit card servicessouthwest bank welcome to our new website!
take a quick tour below to see the features of our website.

take a tour                    business  personal    fund your business    fight fraud with positive pay    invoice factoring    loans for small businesses    payment processing for businesses    tools for running your business      bank on the go    reorder checks    send money with zelle    online banking tools    report a lost or stolen card    tips to protect yourself from fraud    














proudly serving the communities of west texas and north texas.






southwest bank provides commercial and consumer banking, wealth management and trust services to the communities of odessa, midland, lubbock, and fort worth texas.  odessa        midland        lubbock        fort worth         a calling to do more. pauseplay animations    bank on the go!
with the southwest bank mobile banking app, you can check your balance, deposit checks, pay your bills, transfer funds, and more for free with your iphone® or android™.    mobile deposit capture    turn debit card on/off     person-to-person (p2p)    get the app  get it on google play download on the app store    
have questions?
we want to help.
  
how do i send money with zelle?
  how do i enroll in electronic statements?  
how do i set up account alerts?
  
how do i make a deposit from my mobile device?
  our promise is to lift up our customers and communities
a place where a handshake still means something to the person who extends it. where promises made, are also kept. a place where names are engraved on the doors that real people stand behind.
who we are                            3 stars4 stars5 stars     5 3 stars4 stars5 stars "i have been banking with southwest bank for about 30 years. i have a checking, savings and business account with them. they are always willing to help. great online banking as well. two thumbs up 👍👍."  paul t, odessa, tx   3 stars4 stars5 stars     5 3 stars4 stars5 stars "this is a fantastic bank in my opinion. they are excellent with everything that you could possibly need. their customer service is superb and marvelous. the mobile app is very user-friendly, and has all the options you could possibly need. if you need help with something, you can call them and they will walk you through the process of getting to what you need. very very patient with customers. overall a sensational bank!! very impressed!!"  jack f., lubbock, tx  5 3 stars4 stars5 stars "i have been banking with southwest bank for about 30 years. i have a checking, savings and business account with them. they are always willing to help. great online banking as well. two thumbs up 👍👍."




  paul t, midland, tx      the benefits of goal-based financial planning
more investors and savers are looking beyond rates of return to better align their financial and life goals.
goal-based financial planning        free resources for small businesses
access these valuable online resources available for small business owners in texas.
resources for small business owners 

facebook

instagram

linkedin

     instagram      facebook      linkedin      instagram       back to the top  southwest bank is a full-service financial institution with locations in the west texas communities of lubbock, midland and odessa. 

legal


privacy policy

internet privacy

terms of use

security



tools


financial calculators

report a lost or stolen card

reorder checks

take a tour



resources


switch to swb

find an atm

mobile banking

business fraud prevention



download


get it on google play

download on the app store





facebook

instagram

linkedin

©  southwest bank 

 pauseplay animations  
