






 
alamo city san antonio








san antonio texas




main menu

best of san antonio
arts & culture
home & real estate
food & drink
artisans & boutiques











san antonio's favorite attractions

top san antonio attractions & best places to visit in san antonio one of the most visited cities in the country. best picks of san antonio summer 2024.
				




the alamo
the alamo shrine of texas liberty. the battle of the alamo was a pivotal event in the texas revolution. unesco designated the alamo 'world heritage' site




san antonio botanical gardens
the botanical garden serves as a museum of plants, a tranquil escape and entertainment venue where art, architecture, music, and theater experiences come to life..




san antonio zoo
san antonio zoo located in the city's brackenridge park features over 3,500 animals representing 750 species including hippos, rhinos, lions and elephants.





san antonio river walk
the famous san antonio riverside featuring paths lined with towering cypress trees, restaurants, hotels, shops, museums, and recreation spots.




brackenridge park
brackenridge park has been a favorite destination where visitors can relax along the river and to explore the park's historic sites and some of san antonio's most beloved attractions.




the japanese tea garden
glorious history of over 90 years, the restored garden features a lush year-round garden and a floral display with shaded walkways, stone bridges, a 60-foot waterfall and ponds with koi.



san antonio offers an array of attractions that cater to every traveler's desires. with its warm texan hospitality and a captivating history san antonio invites you to experience our historical significance through tours, festivals and seasonal events.
				








san antonio real estate


san antonio homes
explore different neighborhoods of san antonio, take a look at current listed properties, or learn more about a specific listing. while you are visiting, you can search the san antonio mls database, a great resource for data about current properties in every neighborhood and type.



san antonio condominiums
the best way to browse the san antonio condo market. whether it's a highrise in downtown san antonio, or a townhome in alamo heights, you'll find what's available on alamocity.com. browse condos by area, neighborhood or by category using our menu.


ranch & land
search for texas land & ranches featuring an array of some of the finest hunting, livestock, and recreational ranches for sale in texas. from luxurious personal estates, impressive hunting ranches with stunning varieties of exotics, to family farms and vacant land, all available to search from the alamocity.com website.


explore different neighborhoods of san antonio, take a look at current listed properties, or learn more about a specific listing. while you are visiting, you can search the san antonio mls database, a great resource for data about current properties in every neighborhood and type. the gray real estate group brokered by keller williams realty helps every client find the right solution for their distinct lifestyle. 
				








san antonio's missions national historic park

san antonio missions national historical park is a national historical park and part of a unesco world heritage site in san antonio texas.
			these missions were established over 300 years ago across the spanish southwest in the 17th and 18th centuries. 
			



mission espada
this was the first mission in texas, founded in 1690 as san francisco de los tejas near present-day weches, texas. in 1731, 


mission san jose
queen of the missions san jose y san miguel de aguayo revered from a point of beauty, there is not a presidio along the frontier that can compare to it.


mission concepcion
mission concepcion was originally founded in 1716, this beautiful stone church known as mission concepción. is considered the oldest unrestored church in the united states.
				



today the san antonio missions national historical park provides a link to the rich history of san antonio. daily activities include ranger led
			programs and self guided tours of the first european settlements in texas and the united states.








san antonio arts & culture

san antonio's vibrant community of artists, sculptors, painters, and craftspeople come together to infuse life with their imaginative works. wander through the charming streets adorned with an array of boutiques, each a treasure trove of unique finds waiting to be discovered. 
				



san antonio museum of art
 sama is renowned for the most comprehensive ancient greek, roman, and egyptian art collection in the southern united states.



briscoe western art museum
located along the san antonio river walk,  experience the art and artifacts that bring the stories that shaped the west to life.


the witte museum
the witte museum features an impressive collection of the city’s rich cultural legacy with new exhibits.


from handcrafted jewelry that tells a story to intricately designed ceramics that capture the essence of the region, san antonio's local shopping boutiques offer a curated collection that embodies the spirit of the city. whether you're strolling its artisan markets and indie shops, or exploring the quaint neighborhoods where galleries and studios reside, you're bound to uncover hidden gems that reflect the soul of san antonio's heartcrafted artistry.
				








san antonio's best restaurant guide

these are some of the best restaurants in san antonio. unbiased reviews of the best san antonio has to offer without the hype. the only way to
				make this list is by offering outstanding service and incredible cuisine. these are the best that we've discovered and consider worth endorsing.
				



biga on the banks
best restaurant on the san antonio river walk, biga inspires with exciting innovative cuisine that has
				been recognized by the james beard foundation.



magnolia pancake haus
best breakfast in san antonio and the most amazing pancakes. this san antonio original restaurant makes
				everything fresh daily. they are famous for their apfel pfannekuchen.


bliss restaurant.
extraordinary cuisine and excetional service. fried gulf oysters and mixed greens salad before braised short ribs.
				desert of butter cake w/ bourbon chutney. all perfect!
				



aldo's restaurant
aldo's restaurant offers a dining experience filled with a variety of fresh homemade dishes cooked to perfection.
				exquisite service and extensive wine list make a combination that will create the perfect meal.


la fonda on main
la fonda on main is the oldest mexican food restaurant in san antonio. la fonda on main serves both the best of tex-mex cuisine and
				authentic dishes of interior mexico with beautiful patio dining.


cappy's restaurant.
cappy’s restaurant has been san antonio’s go-to “upscale, yet casual” spot for seafood, steaks and innovative cuisine since 1977.
				cappy's also recently made the list for top 100 list for best brunch establishments in the country.
				








san antonio artisans and boutiques

the official san antonio guide to artists and local boutiques. we're highliting some of the very best in the
			alamo city to support local artists and makers, whether they’re focusing on portraits, political statements, or geometric water colors,
			the passion of these particular san antonio artists is clear in their vibrant work.
			



blue star arts complex
home to san antonio’s longest-running contemporary art space featuring amazing artist galleries and local events the complex also features a varied collection of arts venues, shops, and studios.


mockingbird handprints
mockingbird handprints is an amazing gallery and gift shop featuring some of san antonio's most amazing local artists, art, photography, textiles, cards, ceramics with two locations in san antonio, texas


katrina o'day designs
hand-forged ‘deco collection’ designs inspired by the beautiful and iconic art deco architecture of san antonio. katrina o'day designs are made in small batches using quality materials.









fiesta 2025


fiesta 2024
fiesta® san antonio started in 1891 to honor the memory of the heroes of the alamo and the battle of san jacinto. for more than a century, fiesta® has grown into a celebration of san antonio’s rich and diverse cultures with over 30 events throughout the city.



texas cavaliers river parade
the texas cavaliers’ river parade has been supporting local children’s charities since 1989. this colorful and vibrant parade not only lights up the streets during fiesta, it also lights up a child’s face. 250,000 people attend the parade each year during fiesta.



niosa 2024
a night in old san antonio (niosa) is a four-night festival in the heart of downtown san antonio benefiting the conservation society of san antonio, the 75th presentation of niosa will be held april 25 - 28, 2023, during the san antonio fiesta celebration.




				fiesta is an annual ten day celebration that began in 1891 to celebrate san antonio's 200th anniversary, and the day
				that texas won her independence as a nation on april 21,1836. fiesta week features parades, food, fairs, art shows, festivals,
				concerts, mariachis, fireworks, rodeos, pageants, and dances to name only a few!
			












best of san antonio
arts & culture
home & real estate
food & drink
artisans & boutiques






san antonio texas




 © copyright 1995-2023 by alamocity.com all rights reserved. reproduction in part or whole without written permission is prohibited.
send comments to inquiry@alamocity.com









