the benefits of lifelong learningthe benefits of lifelong learning    
we use cookies to provide you with the services at our best. by continuing to browse the website, you accept it. more.
i agree







about usour servicespricinghow it workscontact
sign in
write my essay




about usour services
college writing
coursework writing
dissertation writing
lab report writing
research paper writing
speech writing
term paper writing
thesis writing
professional writing
book report writing
book review writing
personal statement writing
resume writing
essay writing
buy college papers
buy research paper
buy essays
pay for essay
write my essay
essay topics
admission essay
analysis essay
application essay
argumentative essay
cause and effect essay
compare and contrast
critical essay
definition essay
descriptive essay
expository essay
five paragraph essay
narrative essay
personal essay
persuasive essay
scholarship essaypricinghow it workscontactsign in
sign in
order now



home



blog



the benefits of lifelong learningthe benefits of lifelong learning


















december 5, 2022
author: allison walshwe often consider academic life as the epitome of our learning hours. after which, we generally get into a niche, and the rest of your life is a mirage of hard work and success. however, there is no hard and fast rule that you have to stop learning the moment you have too many responsibilities.the best part about learning after your academic pressure is over is that there is no pressure!you can take up a book and learn some key factors of a new theory without worrying that you must retain the information line by line to pass something. instead, you can read it as a hobby, make annotations, and research as much as you want because you do not have the time crunch.so, why do we stop learning when so many benefits of lifelong learning are staring right at us?should learning stop?these are some of the common and pioneer reasons why one might stop studying.you are cramped with work, and trying to make a stable career takes away the motivation to studyyou are starting a family and just have too much on your plateyou do not find the motivation from inside to continue with learning, even though you want toyou were never an academic person, and you feel unfortunate that you never had to pick another book againwe have realized that when you have the right motivation, you can start learning again. here is why we need to make learning a part of our routine again-1. increases mental activitydo you know why you get burnout? it is because your high cognitive activity, like memory, problem-solving, and imagination, is all going under one work. in short, you are not using the whole of your brain, and putting too much pressure on just one intellectual activity is stressing you out.suppose our mind is like a machine; then the cognitive skills are the wheels. you cannot let them rust; the best way to grease them is through learning. so, if you do not know where to start, pick up any book of your interest, and start researching.there is something in every subject you will find worthy of learning.2. it gives you something to talk aboutresearch has found that the biggest reason we humans fear public speaking is being blank on the stage. so you will often find people saying this particular sentence.“i can talk about *insert subject of interest* for hours.”so, the fear is not exactly addressing the audience but not having anything to talk about. so, filling your mind palace with new information will always give you something interesting to add.once you start learning, you will soon find yourself giving new inputs and practically waiting for someone to pick you up in a crowd to speak. afterall, you want to show everyone how learned you are.3. boost confidenceyour confidence will skyrocket when you understand the conversation and even impart knowledge regarding the subject. yes, in game of thrones, maybe, ‘power is power.’ but, in the era of internet wars and highly intellectual political discussions, knowledge is power.you cannot miss out on the chance of impressing an entire crowd with the never heard fact about elephants that you just learned.4. sharpening practical skillspractical skills come from contextual skills. for example, if you do not know the theoretical anatomy of a car, you cannot implement a tire change, no matter how much you want to experience it.gaining knowledge is not always about books. even while writing some impressive articles for ivy league acceptances, many writing service authors would ask for a real-life experience.the human touch always adds complexity to your knowledge. so, learn vicariously through someone else’s story or simply as a learned person to impart some knowledge. you are not stupid when you want to learn; you are when you miss the opportunity.5. cuts through boredomyou are back from home, and it is not even friday night, so you can hit the club. but, rather than just having another glass of wine and binging on a show you have watched so many times, pick a subject of your choice and fall deep into the rabbit hole of knowledge.it might sound boring now but just pick a tail. with all the interesting things you learn, you will soon find yourself wanting to know more. before you know it, five new books on the subject are added to the cart for purchase.6. increasing wisdomnow, knowledge can be tricky. first, you have to pick between two.are you going to irritate everyone with a shallow show-off?oryou will wait for the right opportunity to impart that knowledge?if you ask a learned person, they will choose the second option. knowledge makes you wise about the words you choose to spend. it is like currency; we all know an empty vessel makes the most sound.so, if you want to know your own worth, a wide variety of knowledge is key.7. sound sleeping patternthis might sound like an odd addition to knowledge. but, have you felt extremely tired after a long day of physical activity where you simply want to sink inside your bed? generally, those kinds of sleep are the best, and you wake up refreshed for a brand new day.you can get that exhaustion every day when your brain is well-nourished with a good amount of knowledge. so try to read something fruitful every day before going to bed.learning is growing!yes, learning is growing even if you are 40, 60, or any age. knowledge doesn’t discriminate.you are never too early to learn, and neither are you too late. so, whenever you find free time in your hand and see boredom creaking in, maybe read some freud.even if you do not like psychology, that man is going to rack your brain!if you do not believe us, give it a try.for further reading, see our lifelong learning essay examples
categories: educationrelated postsjune 8, 2022start smart budgeting
read moreoctober 26, 20238 ideas how to save money on halloween celebration
read moremay 26, 2014how writing can make you happier, healthier and emotionally strong
read moremarch 14, 2013who cares about arts education?!
read moreapril 26, 2021how to create the best college class schedule
read morenovember 28, 2014how to write a great longread and attract new readers
read more




menubloginfographicsbenefitsfaqsamplestestimonialsdiscountsprivacyterms of useprivacy and cookies policyauthorization policyreferral programcontact uscall to us:  


email: support@freshessays.com









© freshessays.com 2010-2022for research and sample use only.   learn more in our terms of use.



 

