

wwii journal of william c. roth





wwii journal of william c. roth
april 1943, through november 1947
written july 2005



joining the navy
after
i received  my greetings from the president, an invitation i could
not refuse, i took my physical in phila, pa.   when i passed the
physical they asked me what branch of the military i wished to join. 
only gave you a few seconds to decide.   i quickly thought the army
marches too much in mud  and sleeps on the ground  the marines are
crazy for fighting and really gung-ho, the coast guard has no glory,
so that left the navy, which i chose.
     at
first they would not approve my choice as i had a full set of
dentures.    i told them i did not want to bite the enemy, only to
fight them.    they finally said okey and put me in the navy.
      on
april 2, l943, a second date that will live in infamy, i joined the
navy.
my brother
harry and his wife evelyn took me to the reading railroad terminal in
philadelphia late that evening.    after an all night train ride to
seneca, new  york, we were given a stale cheese sandwich and an
orange to eat.    i said to myself, what the h--- am i getting myself
into.
      the
u.s.   naval training station at sampson, new york was brand new. 
there was mud everywhere and we had to scrape the paint from the
windows.
       we
graduated from boot camp on june 5,1943 as company 330.
       most
of the guys were from all over pennsylvania and new jersey, also some
from conn.    harry polinski and i were both from lester, pa.    at the
end of  boot camp they asked us what branch of the navy we wished to
continue in.    harry and i decided to pick fire control (harry)  and
aviation radioman (me) as our number one choices.    that way if one
did not get our first choice, we would still be together, as luck
would have it we both got our first choices...
        they
promised me that if would  go to yeoman's training, i would be a
petty officer 3rd class in 6 weeks, i had a very good background in
office studies since i graduated from ridley park high school, one of
the best commercial courses in the area.
but, being
19 years old, and stupid, i did not want to spend my navy career
behind a desk, so i said no thanks.    i want to fight the enemy,  so
naïve at this age.

radioman training
so i went
to naval air technical training  center in memphis, tenn from june to
november 1943.    we spent many hours learning morse code and sending
and receiving radio messages.
on nov
6,1943 i graduated in class r1 aviation  radio man course...   in that
class was a james henry mooney, of which you will hear more about
later.
upon
graduation from aviation radioman school were asked to volunteer for
aviation gunnery school.    the ones who did not volunteer were shipped
out to new orleans to be assigned to naval vessels.
those that
volunteered  were sent  to naval air gunnery school in hollywood,
fla.    what great duty.    it was formerly a boys military academy.    we
were four to a dorm with our own bath... no fence around the school. 
we were free to go as we pleased.    but that did not last long as we
graduated dec 18,1943. 


next i
went to  naval air station, lake city, fla., where i flew 34 hours in
a pv-2 twin engine navy plane for training.    then onto beaufort, s.c.
flying 39.4 hours  in a pv2 doing air-to-air  gunnery training.
it was
while at lake city our pv2 flew into the eye of a hurricane to take
pictures within the eye, what an experience?


all this
time we were training  to be radio/gunners for a tbf squadron
(torpedo bomber fighter).
as fate
would have it, about this time a hurricane  over corpus christi,
texas delayed the training of  the tbf pilot.
so we were
asked to choose between staying with the tbf training or transferring
 to a land based  anti-submarine  b-24 bomber squadron.
i had just
read in the paper about an entire squadron of tbf's being wiped out
 in the pacific by the japanese.  seeing as how my mother did not
raise any dumb children, i opted for the b-24 bombers.



king sol's jesters
i was sent
to the naval air station, in chincoteague, va., to be assigned to a
flight crew.
arriving
at n.a.s.   chincoteague i was assigned  to  be a radioman  in  lt. 
commander  william soloman's flight crew.      as lt.   commander
soloman was not expected  until the following week  i hitchhiked 
home to lester, pa for the week-end...   however, lt.   commander soloman
 arrived early. 

he wanted
to meet his crew, and he was not too happy to be unable to find his
radioman.    i received a captains mast (similar to a court martial),
first of five captains mast  received in my navy career,  a couple
for being a.w.o.l., one for  drunk and disorderly, one for gambling
aboard ship, and the one that  hurt the most of all, shirking duty.



finally
the whole crew got together and took a get acquainted flight.    the
pilot was lt.   commander william soloman (sol), co-pilot was lt. 
keyhoe, navigator was ensign gee.    ray purviance was crew chief,
william (bo) beauchman, mechanic.    nick molchan, mechanic, rudy
(jake) ramstack, radioman.    william (tool) purviance, ordinance
man, william (bill) miller, mechanic and william (c. note charlie)
roth, radioman.    as you can see there were too many william's, so
we had to have nicknames for everyone and the fact that i had a
c-note ($100.) bill stashed away in my wallet.    never did use it.
while at
chincoteague, the afore mentioned james  (jim) mooney and i decided
to buy some new navy blue suits (whipcord) in order to impress the
ladies.    i told him i knew just the place,  south street in
philadelphia, where all the jewish  tailors were located.    so we
hitchhiked to lester to buy some new blues.   unfortunately, it was a
jewish holiday and no shops were open.    we took the trolley back to
lester, bought some beer and sat on the  fence at my home watching
the ladies come off westinghouse after their shift.    then we went to a
local bar and we met the mayor of tinicum twp whom i knew quite well. 
he drove us around lester and essington  stopping  at each bar. 
sometime in the wee hours of the morning he dumped  us out on the
street in front of my home.     was all i could do to reach the door
bell.    my parents came down and my mother said  "poor boys, they
are sick".    my  father said "sick hell they are drunk."   
we never did get our dress blues...
one of the
other b-24 crews  at chincoteague  had an old dodge  four door sedan 
with no plates or ownership papers.    the car was sold or handed down
to a new crew  when the old crew shipped out.    we bought or received
this  car.   we drove it  to salisbury, md.,  about 20 miles away for
liberty.     i met a nice young lady  who was a telephone  operator. 
after 11:00 p.m. any day i could make free phone calls to anywhere in
the u.s.      for gas in the dodge we used aviation fuel, which was not
too good for the car, before we shipped out the car blew it's
engine, so pushed it into the weeds and left.



click on image to expand


we would fly practice flights at least  once a
week but the final  flight before shipping out was a simulated full
bomb load,  full gas load and a ten to eleven hour flight.    some of
the planes could not take all this weight.    several of the crews
ahead of us were not too lucky.    one crashed into the woods, all ten
or eleven  crew were lost.      one crashed at sea also losing all the
crew.    one  had to ditch in the ocean, losing all but three  or four
crew.    when it was our turn  for the final flight were a little
nervous!!!!!!!!!   at the end of the runway the pilot  revved up the
four engines as much as he could with the brakes on.     when i got off
the radio i stood in the cockpit between the pilot and co-pilot. 
old sol was pulling back on the wheel as hard as he could, he was a
large powerful man...    i could see the trees at the end of the runway
coming up fast.    we got airborne  and the wheels just missed the
trees.

south atlantic patrol
after that flight we were assigned to
a  vpb-1 liberator squadron, out of natal, brazil, flying
anti-submarine patrols in the south atlantic.




click on image to expand


part of the squadron were sent to
norfolk, va.,  to board a ship that would take us to brazil...   we got
aboard the u.s.s.   albamarle, a seaplane tender.    there were not enough
berths so we slept  on the inside hanger deck.    the first morning we
awoke to a loud clamor, pipes were piping, bugles were blowing,
etc.    we did not know what the h ---- was going on.    just a normal
navy wake-up call.
 we were put to work while at sea,
some scraping paint, others painting.    i was lucky (again)  as i was
assigned to the store where they gave out or sold ice cream, candy,
etc...   it was a very nice trip.    since the ship  was due for an
admiral's inspection  when it reached port, we did not have  a big 
ceremony, when it crossed the equator...    we landed at  recife,
brazil  and were bussed to the navy base at natal.        we flew
anti-submarine patrol at least once a week in the south atlantic,
between south america and africa.    the squadron was called vp 83
until we received 24  pb-4 y1 liberators.     then we changed to vpb
107.      the pby's only had   four  30 cal. machine guns  and the
subs would stay on the surface firing at the pby's.    as the sub had
a 20 mm cannon on deck.    when we arrived at natal we could see all
the holes in the planes.    needless to say the subs were surprised to
find the pb4y1's had eight 50 cal machine guns.   now they would
submerge as soon as possible. 

we flew
patrols out of natal until the end of 1944, at which time the south
atlantic had been essentially cleared of german submarines.    in his book 
"galloping ghosts of the brazilian coast"
author  allen cary
 writes the entire history of the submarine war in the south
atlantic.     vp-83, vbp107 was credited with sinking eight german
submarines.

upottery, england
at this
time the squadron was re-assigned to the u.s.naval air base at
upottery, england.    some flew the planes to england, some went  back
to norfolk, and then to england.    twenty-four of us were left to
close the base.    we each carried our entire navy records, we were
only ordered to re-join the squadron in england as soon as possible. 
while awaiting a commercial flight to miami, each night we would go
into natal to the americas bar and tell them we are leaving.     they
would buy all of us beer.    but the next day we did not have a miami
flight...   back to the americus bar  and free beer.    after three or
four days of this they stopped the free beer.    finally we got a plane
to miami...   twenty four of us each with  his individual navy records.
we landed
in miami about  8 or 9 p.m.     there was a 10 p.m. curfew in miami. 
what to do?    someone said we should turn  ourselves  in to the navy
shore patrol...   someone else said lets find a motel, spend a few days
in miami, then  turn ourselves over to the navy s.p.      guess what we
did?    we had a great couple of days in miami.    then went to the navy
and showed them our orders.
they put
all twenty four of us on a train to new york.     we had a whiskey
bottle  that we hid in the ice  behind the water cooler...   one of the
conductors found it and would not give it back to  us.       i remember
luther palmer had that conductor by the neck and seat of his pants
ready to throw him off the moving train.    we finally arrived in new
york city and were barracked on some pier, to await transport  to
england.    we spent about a week touring new york city.
we finally
were put aboard the french  liner ile de france, which had been taken
over by the british, aboard were 10,000 solders, 2,000 colored wacs
and us 24 sailors.   it was quite crowded on board and they only let
us topside once a day for an hour or so.     the british only fed us
twice a day, midmorning and late afternoon.     there was a place open
in the afternoon that sold icecream candy, etc.    but the lines went
half way around the ship. 

one of us
sailors got a bright idea.   we borrowed leggings from the army,
wrapped a black sock around our arm and went to the head of the line,
saying gun crew.   this worked for 3 or 4 days until they discovered
there were no guns aboard ship.   the ship took a north atlantic route 
to avoid  the german subs, so it took us about ten to twelve days to
reach scotland.     we landed  in some city in scotland, took a train
down to england and finally arrived upottery navy base.    i  found
later that this was the same army base that the  102nd
parachute army division  used in the june invasion.     we lived in
quonset huts with only a wood stove for heat.    we flew every fourth
day for ten to eleven hours, from sunup to sunset.
here is
where i became good friends with ray teglia an other radioman who was
from chicago.    we flew many flights together and would go on liberty
together.    the nearest town was taunton which was not great for
liberty.    so we would take a train up to bristol.    much to do in
bristol.    on one such trip  we were in the train station waiting for
our train back to taunton when ray tried to get  too friendly with
the girlfriend of the army m.p. at the station.     anyway this m.p.
got us for drunk and disorderly, put us on report and made sure we
got on the train.      another captain's mast.
on our
first flight feb 25,1945  out of  upottery  patrolling  over lyme
bay, we diverted to weston zoyland to an emergency landing field. 
the fog was too bad back at upottery.    after landing we had to walk
about a mile  to town for food.    the locals must have thought we
were aliens from mars walking  down the road  in our flying suits and
boots.
we flew
sub patrol about every fourth day with the rest of the day off after
debriefing  and also had the next  day off.       on the days of our
flight we had breakfast in the officers mess, eggs and such, and upon
our return we had steak, also in the officers' mess.
we did get
time off occasionally and on one occasion  ray teglia and i  went to
london for a weekend.     we did all the london sights.    one day we
were in a hotel with two friends  when the air raid siren sounded. 
everyone had to go down to the basement  shelter for
protection...   german unmanned v-bombs  were hitting the city.    after
two or three alerts  had interrupted our meeting  we said "to hell
with it", and stayed in the room.      the next morning  we looked
out the window  and saw  entire city blocks nearby  completely
flattened  by the v-bomb...
on may 9,
1945 we were scheduled to  fly a patrol.   on may 8, word came down
that the war in europe was over, but we were all restricted to base
that day.     however, that evening i went over the hedges   and went
to taunton to help the british celebrate. 

the flight
on may 9,1945 took us  between scilies  and brest where we
encountered  german submarine no.  249.   
see appendix 1 for
this story, which has been  accepted to be included in the library of
congress wwii stories.      
after the
war in europe ended our squadron vpb 107  crews took turns going to
paris, france for a weekend.    just before our  crews turn  we were
assigned back to the u.s.a. for deployment to the pacific. 

we sailed
from england on the u.s.s.   albamarle  (remember her).    
being such a
clever guy  i quickly volunteered to work  in the same place as  on
the voyage  from norfolk.     but i outsmarted myself, they did not put
anyone to work. 


end of the war (and after)
after two
weeks liberty i reported  to alameda naval air station in
california., july 1945.    while we were there  the war in the pacific
ended.    i went to san francisco on liberty and really partied,
helping to  turn the cable cars round and round. (as seen on news
reels). 

after the
war ended  the navy was losing many men,  so they provided  a two
year re-enlistment program.      since i entered the navy on the east
coast (philadelphia) they would to have to pay my way from california
to phila.   since i was also still drawing 50% flight pay i shipped 
over to the u.   s.   regular navy for two more years. 

i bought a
1941 hudson car and four of us from the east  drove back to phila. 
arno  laux  from north phila  was one of the four.     on the way back 
to california, another guy was driving and i was in the passenger
seat when he attempted to pass another car on a hill outside of
gallup, new mexico and we smashed in the front of the car.      the car
could still be driven and we went into gallup.    there  was no car
dealer  there to get parts for the car. 
so we
continued on to flagstaff, az  where we spent a week getting the car
repaired, borrowed $50 from the red cross.     we got a motel room and
had a glorious week in flagstaff.
we wired
the navy base and told them we would be late.   the lady that ran the
motel wanted to kick us out because we would bring females to the
room but we prevailed and finally made it back to california.

crows landing, modesto, california
we were
assigned to the naval air station crows landing,  just outside of
modesto, calif.   we were training in pb4y-2, the single tail version
of the b-24 liberator.   my buddy  nick molchan, was from buzzards
bay, mass so when he made  collect  phone calls  from crows landing
to buzzards  bay the operator thought he was drunk.
the
skipper of our squadron  outranked the skipper of crows landing
station.   we had the barracks  fixed so that  each  end  third  was 
for sleeping and the middle third was set up with sofas, chairs and
tables to play cards.    the base shore patrol would put us on report
but our skipper would throw away  the report and saying, "these men
were flying every day and needed to relax."    our skippers name was
brewer and we would fly thru hell for him...  modesto was where bill
miller and i would hang out at the bowling lanes  and challenge the
locals   bowling for money...   i must mention that  bill miller was 
a great bowler.    he later was one of the original  bowlers that
started the pro bowlers assoc. of america (pba).    needless to say we
did pretty well.      i kept  a complete set of civilian clothes in a
locker at a bar, the carlin club in modesto.   it was a great liberty
town.   

whidby island, washington
next we
were sent to naval air station whidby  island, washington.   i drove
the hudson up there, what a beautiful drive thru northern calif and
oregon.   
whidby
island was connected  to the mainland  over  a deep pass by a huge
canterlevered  bridge.  one day while just flying around  the pilot
decided to fly under the bridge.   we all said he was crazy.    but
under the bridge we flew.    what a strange sight to be looking up at
a bridge.   
we would
spend six months at whidby island and  three months in alaska.   at
naval air station, kodiak island.    i put my hudson in storage in
seattle, washington.   in alaska we would fly patrol  along the
aleutians  and north pacific.    on one such flight we crossed the
international dateline.

adak island, alaska
on another
flight we were supposed  to land at adak an island about half way out
the aleutians.    when we arrived at adak  the fog was so bad we could
not see the runway.    on one pass we just missed the  mountain which
was above the runway.     the pilot figured we had enough gas to get to
attu, the last island in the chain.    still foggy.    along the way i
was on the radar and we were navigating  from island to island. 
running low  on gas we proceeded  to throw everything but the radio
gear overboard.    finally we made radio contact  with an army base  on
shimya  island.    army said, "use runway so and so".    our pilot
replied, "i'm coming straight in."   at one time when the
pilot cross-fed  the gas to all engines i had to go off the air  with
radio because there might be a spark...   people thought we went
down.   when we landed at shimya, rolling down the runway, all four
engines died at once!!   upon exiting the plane  the first army guy i
saw, i asked him "do you have anything to drink."   alaska was a
beautiful place, we went to fairbanks and other towns. 

while in
alaska   one day someone hollered at me, "c-note you want to go to
the navy air station at squanom, mass."     i figured i shipped 
over in calif and if i got out on the east coast they would have to
pay my way back to calif.      they needed four or five radiomen at
squanom, so i said, "yes".   we got back to whidby island and i got
my car out of storage.   four of us headed east.    one of the guys had
married while in washington and his wife was from minnesota and she
came with us in the car and went to minn, to her home.
driving
thru the northern tier of states was really rough, sometimes we would
drive with our head out the window, due to ice on the windshield. 
we stopped at some little town in minn, where the guys wife was
from.   while there we had a shiveree a tradition  where the new bride
is kidnapped and the groom has to redeem her with beer.      during the
 procedure shot guns are fired into the air.     they gave me an old
shotgun and when i fired it i was not ready for the hard kickback and
almost got knocked over.
we finally
made it to mass., the navy air base was used mainly for reserve
pilots who had to fly at least ten hours a month to keep up their
status.    we made sure the radios were working in the planes.   the
planes were  navy snj and the movies used them as jap zeroes. 

we could
fly with the pilots or not.    i would go off with them now and then to
keep my air crew status. 

the local
police knew my hudson well.    one day they came to our front gate
trying to serve tickets on me for traffic violations...   but they could
not set foot on navy property, so i just laughed at them.    my car had
only one headlight working  and it would go places where no car
should be.
each month
come payday, the base officers would try to not pay us enlisted men
flight pay.    but since we had air crew in our records they could not
stop from paying us flight pay.
this got
to be such a hassle that on nov 24,1947, when my two years were up i
decided to get out of the navy  and went home to lester, pa.
they had
to pay my way back to california  though. 


 








appendix 1
the story of what happened on the patrol flight  on may 9,1945.

u.s. naval air squadron vb107 was flying submarine
patrol out of england, patrolling the north sea,
english channel, atlantic ocean, etc. 
every fourth day we would go on a 10-11 hr
patrol.  i was a second class radio-gunner
in the squadron.

may 9, 1945 was our day to fly patrol. 
one day earlier, may 8, the word came down of the
surrender, but may 9 was the official day. 
we were all restricted to base on may 8, but i
went back over the hedges to a small english
town. 
the people were so happy they insisted that i party
with them... i staggered back to the base about 3
a.m., had an hour or so sleep, before we had 
breakfast, got briefed, checked our equipment
and took off at dawn. 
i told my second radio radioman, ray teglia, that
i was going to the rear and to wake me if anything
happened...

some time later, ray awoke me shouting
charlie, charlie [my nickname] sub, sub. 
i jumped up and looked out the side port and
saw a sub. 
i grabbed a 50 cal. machine gun, put it
in its holder and was priming it when ray
hollered don't shoot, they're surrendering...

sure enough, they were flying a black flag. 
wow, i almost had my 15 minutes of infamous glory
and an international incident... i got on the radio
and the first one i raised was a british destroyer. 
they came and towed the sub to a port... i still
have the picture of the sub taken from our
plane. 
it is certified by the pilot, lt. jg w.f. brewer,
usn. 
i don't know if any museum, or such
would like this photo. 
i would gladly donate this item if anyone is
interested.


 
appendix 2

i have
mentioned jim mooney in this journal.      in 1968 or 1969, while
working at rca research labs, princeton, n.j., and having suffered
from back pain for years i made an appointment with a neurosurgeon 
in new brunswick, n.j.     arriving at his office, i noticed his
diplomas james mooney from pittsburgh, pa.     could it be?         he
turned to me and said, "c-note charlie."      he was the same jim
mooney.    i told him  i was not going to let a drunken sailor  operate
on me!    but he did and he did a great job.    made me stay off work
for three months.    we visited him and his family that christmas.    had
a big lovely home in princeton, n.j.    unfortunately  he passed away
a few years later from a heart attack.    only a young man, what a
shame...

appendix 3:
a daily history of the u.s. navy


1943
1944
1945



appendix 4: flight log book


inside cover
flight symbols
1944(?)
2/25/45 - 5/16/45
8/18/45 - 8/24/45
8/29/45 - 11/8/45
11/19/45 - 4/12/46
4/19/46 - 8/28/46
9/1/46 - 10/26/46
flight clothing record


appendix 5: veterans history project

some of my information is also stored as part of the
veterans history project 
at the library of congress:

william charles roth
william c roth



appendix 6: in memoriam

william charles roth, aka "c-note charlie", aka "dirty bill"
(for his tricky tennis shots) passed away on the evening of
wednesday, december 11, 2013, at st. joseph mercy hospital,
just outside ann arbor, michigan.


his favorite story, told at first hand-shake with any new
acquaintance, was "did you know you just shook the hand that
held einstein's brain?" 
for in his early days working at the rca david sarnoff research
center in princeton, n.j., he performed x-ray and electron microscope
analysis of cells of einstein's brain.






