




www.dhpmoto.com (david h. park)




dakar rallye 
information <click here>





 
 

site selections





story index<<<

baja dec 2000
f650gs
        dakar modifications
touratech's
        schalber rallye replica bike
barcelona moto show

bmw enduro park
        hechlingen, germany

touratech - 
        germany
bmwr900rr - detailed photos of  nani
        roma's factory work bike
scotts disc guard 
bike 
        rental - italy
 solo seat for f650gs
bmw c1 test








october  
  2001



1. 
bmw corporate 
        problems-1
        2.
        
bmw corporate problems-2
        3.
        
bmw corporate problems-3
4. 
        bmw corporate problems-4
5.
        
        techlusion - fuel nanny audio file
6. attended the marcus dairy 
        super sunday.
        7.
        x-ray & scar pictures from 
        accident

        8.
        new! winter enduro 
        training with jimmy lewis are being scheduled now





new site additions




        1.
        techlusion - fuel nanny 
        - report

        2.
        april 2001 - 
        southern germany trip

        3.
        citybike - august 
        2001 article
4.
        biancoblu - motorcycle 
        rental italy
        5. msf safety conference - videos
6. 
        hechlingen - andrea mayer movies

        7.
        crash! - patrick 
        lambin's rallye bike
        8.
        dhp's touratech schalber rallye bike
        9. didier 
        py's touratech  race bike
        10. 1st annual bmw biker meeting
        11. dhp's austria accident/hospital 
        photos
12.
        monaco - 
        formula one grand prix
13.
        touratech orange 
        event
14.
        dhp & 
        bmw rallye pilots
15. 
        how to mount a tall bike - movie
15.
        reverse pony express - 
        charity ride



 
         







new
        - photos - touratech fuel tanks & headlights for standard gs &
        gs/dakar that do not require the complete rallye kit.
photos - disassembled f650gs dakar, frame and suspension
        mods!!!
enduro training
        course in las vegas w/bmw
        team pilot jimmy lewis
motorcycle
        taxi - london passengerbikes
key vendor
        section                       
        safety information






about this web site...







    download aol instant messenger




  hi.
welcome to my personal site dedicated to motorcycling and traveling.
  i first started motorcycling in 1991 upon graduating from college. like many
  people, since i was a little boy i have always been fascinated by anything
  that had to do with transportation: planes, helicopters, bicycles, cars, and
  motorcycles.
my first memories of seeing "cool" motorcycles were
  the bmw police bikes in use in europe. ever since then i lusted for the
  freedom and experiences that motorcycling can uniquely bring. prohibited by
  concerned parents from owning a motorcycle (dad is an eye surgeon), i waited
  until free of college to make my move. since then i've owned a variety of
  bikes  (current bikes are a '91 r100gs pd, '01 honda xr400r, honda '01 xr100, '98 f650st, '01 f650gs
  dakar (tt39 specification w/wp usd suspension), and a '01 f650gs touratech schalber rallye).
i've been fortunate enough in my life to have traveled to most
  foreign lands by plane but now prefer to make most of my trips by motorcycle.
  so a few years ago i decided to start learning how to ride off-road by going
  to  bmw's enduro school in hechlingen. this was lots of fun and has definitely
  improved my overall riding skills as well as brought much more enjoyment
  through my active participation in dual-sport rides.
currently, i'm training with
  jimmy lewis for the '05
  dakar rallye and other rallies such as 
  morocco, dubai, and tunisia. most of
  the modification come from  touratech in germany but i'm also designing and
  fabricating some parts which are not yet available. the basis for durability
  will be bmw's f650rr and r900rr desert rally bikes. just about the only
  serious modification that we won't be making is taking off the fuel-injection
  system for racing carbs and different cams/valves.
i love my new bike! so far i've taken the f650gs dakar on a 
  2800 mile shakedown through baja california.(and since then on some rides 
  through the s. california and las vegas deserts) details of modifications, damage
  resulting from various spills, and overall comments (including a trip report)
  are part of this site. as time goes on i'll be adding to this site with
  detailed photos of modifications made, comments, and general stuff regarding
  my motorcycling activities.
after the rallies are over, if my schedule still permits, 
  i'm planning to do a 3 year round-the-world trip with the bmw f650 tt39 bike. 
right now i'm pretty lucky that i have the time and ability to
  concentrate on these activities. in general, once we put modifications in
  place i generally take the bike out right away (same day) to test it at a
  local enduro park. it's been fun to talk to the various people in the industry
  to gain new contacts and knowledge as to how to set up the bike properly - and
  i hope to share this knowledge with the rest of the motorcycling community
  through this web site. i don't plan to change this opening letter but the site 
  itself will change so keep tuning in.
since march of 2001, i was trying to get bmw to listen to 
  customer issues and made many recommendations to improve their business. you 
  can read for yourselves what this was all about on the links titled 
  bmw-problems. bmw rejected my proposal and offer to assist them (which is 
  fine) but still hasn't changed in any way their insular and somewhat arrogant 
  way of doing business with their dealers and customers (which is not fine). i 
  continue my efforts therefore as a motorcycle consumer advocate - contact me 
  with your stories and experiences good or bad as these need to be part of the 
  public record imo for bmw to start to change.
feel free to drop me a line anytime for exchange of
  information, ideas, or just to chat.
regards and happy trails.
david h. park
david@dhpmoto.com
ps - many thanks to  calbmw triumph of mountain view 
  and touratech of germany who are
  working with me on all of the modifications and a big thanks to 
  jimmy lewis 
  for training me for rallye racing! please see my dakar 
  rallye pages as well as visit my sponsors.





 








