




 







awakening point – yoga, massage, wellbeing – hackettstown, new jersey





































 























special events
classes and healing modalities
yoga styles
awakening the senses
photo gallery
about us
contact us
my info
 








call us:973-670-7421

online yoga member videos




home
instructors and therapists
massage services
blog







 




upcoming workshops





 




join mary for gentle and mixed level yoga classes
mixed level yoga – wednesdays, 5:30-6:30pm at center point wellness 350 willow grove street, hackettstown. please call 908-850-1500 for additional information or visit www.centerpointhackettstown.com for pricing and class schedule. you may also drop in to class if you do not already have a class package.
gentle yoga – tuesdays, 6-7pm and saturdays, 10-11am at infloressence 241 water street, belvidere. please call laura for more information and to register (908) 750-4187





 




office located within twelve rivers acupuncture
twelve rivers acupuncture, located at 176 mountain avenue, suite 2-b (2nd floor), hackettstown, nj, above fulton bank in the ihop plaza.
massage availability mondays, wednesdays and thursdays, and select fridays and saturdays, by appointment, for therapeutic massage, energy healing and mld lymphatic massage sessions. i highly recommend beth leatherman from twelve rivers acupuncture. she has a vast knowledge of acupuncture and tcm and is warm and welcoming. she has created a peaceful and beautiful space for healing.
i am forever …





 




what is manual lymph drainage?

here is an informative article written by new jersey massage’s own larry heisler. you can visit their website for additional information on the school, ce for therapists and scheduling appointments with their highly trained staff. the north jersey massage training center has become
the northeast headquarters for the famous florida manual lymph drainage institute! this is where mary trained.
incredible lymph drainage!   
we got the pictures.
by larry heisler, m.a., lmt (new jersey massage)




 
notices






safety update for october 2021
safety update october 2021
please be advised that to protect you as the client and me as the licensed massage therapist, you are advised to wait 10-14 days after having had any vaccination or booster shot, before receiving a therapeutic or lymphatic massage. it is possible that the massage could affect the efficacy or speed of transmission of the vaccine throughout your body.
if you are currently undergoing chemotherapy or radiation therapy, it is also recommended that you wait 7-10 days from an infusion/treatment before having a therapeutic massage. lymphatic massage is not recommended during cancer treatment, unless explicitly prescribed with a letter from your oncologist.
please feel free to contact me with any questions.







mld – manual lymph drainage
mary is certified in vodder style manual lymph drainage. you can read more about it here: http://www.mldinstitute.com this light pressure massage technique is helpful for managing seasonal allergies, pre and post surgery, lymphedema, sports injury recovery, maintaining a healthy immune system and more! she is currently enrolled in the mld master level training (newly offered through the manual lymph drainage institute international). you may arrange multiple sessions or maintenance sessions, depending on your needs. please call for additional information, scheduling and protocols.








 




useful linkslinks
recommended image contact us 
awakening point wellness, 
twelve rivers acupuncture
176 mountain avenue, suite 2b
hackettstown, nj 07840  
973-670-7421

follow us:

facebook

yoga trail


newsletter signup enter your email address below to receive our newsletter.

email





footer image
 



                     copyright © 2019 awakening point and its licensors. all rights reserved.  |  privacy policy     terms and conditions








 













