















lake louise inn | lake louise hotel in banff national park


































































skip to content



 



location  
phone
email  
instagram  
facebook  
twitter  
camera  
blog
 



lake louise inn
connecting through nature


book your getaway now!















    menu    
resort  

photo gallery
contact & directions
frequently asked questions
reviews
explore lake louise blog


accommodations
amenities
specials
dining
meetings
weddings
activities
check availability

  scroll down to content









lake louise inn at a glance



            new! mini golf, exclusively for hotel guests
        

















 new year, new destination
make lake louise inn your new year destination for 2025. book your winter escape by february 24, 2025 and receive two adult breakfast buffets in legends restaurant. valid for stays between january 13 to may 31, 2025.  whether you’re looking for an adrenaline-pumping adventure or simply enjoying a peaceful getaway, we’ll help you start the new … 
continue reading “new year, new destination”

book now






welcome to the lake louise inn
a resort for all seasons, offering stunning views of the canadian rockies, the lake louise inn brings the best of banff national park to our guests’ doorstep. unwind and connect with yourself, friends, family, and nature within this pristine mountain retreat.
connect through nature
located in a unesco world heritage site, lake louise is renowned for its natural beauty and abundance of activities. it’s a haven for winter sports enthusiasts with snowshoeing, skiing, snowboarding and cross country skiing amongst crisp mountain air and awe-inspiring scenery. inside the lake louise inn you will find plenty of places to refuel after an active day, from appetizing canadian dining at legends restaurant, to filling pub fare at explorers lounge, or hearty italian-inspired dishes at timberwolf pizza & pasta café.
lovingly maintained, the lake louise inn offers a wide range of guestrooms and suites to suit any style and budget for your rocky mountain getaway. all guests can unwind in the heated indoor pool and whirlpools, while taking in the sweeping mountain views through floor-to-ceiling windows.
frequently asked questions:
have a question about your upcoming stay? visit our frequently asked questions page, or reach out to our front desk! we look forward to welcoming you to the lake louise inn.
explore lake louise and moraine lake with ease!
make your trip to lake louise and moraine lake even more convenient by booking our shuttle service. sit back, relax, and enjoy the stunning views on your way to these iconic destinations. our comfortable shuttles will ensure you have a stress-free journey, allowing you to focus on creating unforgettable memories.
click here to reserve your shuttle service now and enhance your experience in the beautiful rockies.









the resort – at a glance section


at a glance

247 rooms, some with kitchens, jet tubs, balconies, electric or gas fireplaces
check in: 4pm / check out: 11am
renovated 24-hour fitness centre
renovated indoor heated pool and whirlpools
24-hour lobby market
dog friendly guest rooms
free on-site parking
complimentary shuttle to lake louise ski resort (winter only)

3 onsite restaurants:explorers lounge, timberwolf, and legends hours and menus can be found here.

ski/bike tuning room
secure ski storage
gazebo with fire pit for events of up to 70 people
on-site laundry facilities
complimentary bike rentals (seasonal)
complimentary snowshoe rentals (seasonal)
and more










the resort – instagram section


follow us on instagram
#lakelouiseinn #lakelouiselove #connectthroughnature #lli-love











join our eclub


lake louise inn eclub
fill out the form below to receive emails containing our latest deals and exclusive offers.
after submitting the form you will receive a confirmation email. please click the link in the email to complete the subscription process.


















find us: p.o. box 209
210 village road, lake louise
alberta, canada t0l 1e0
(403) 522-3791
info@lakelouiseinn.com

 


explore lake louise posts:


winter wonderland: embrace the magic of the season in lake louise
january 16, 2025


holiday gatherings against the naturally festive backdrop of the rocky mountains
december 4, 2024


fresh powder and fresh adventures: ski season returns to lake louise inn
november 7, 2024


other links:explore lake louise blog
career opportunities
join our eclub
cleaning & safety
 


location  
phone  
email  
instagram  
facebook  
twitter  
camera  
blog  
 

privacy policy 
 		media	


 	© 2009 - 2025 atlific hotels. all rights reserved. trademarks used under license agreement.	






































































































































































































































































































































contact & directions 



google maps



photo gallery



blog






