









xrysostom - the golden mouth











xrysostom's home

ask the pastor

lutheranism

general christianity

general & world religion

christian computing

culture

fun'n'games


+       +       +


things i've written:

ask the pastor blog

atp column archives

lutheran history

lutheranism compared

st. paul: a chronology

luther: a chronology

j. s. bach, lutheran theologian

bible subject reference

the church and the lodge

why suffering and death?


+       +       +


others' writings:


the god of the koran


+       +       +


click on martin luther's seal to order lutheran literature
from amazon.com






+       +       +


current and former calls:


holy cross, emma, mo
st. paul, jasper, tx
faith, woodville, tx

+       +       +


cat41




+       +       +


lutheran church - mo synod


+       +       +


the l.o.m.l.

+       +       +


mail me!


+       +       +


site statistics







+       +       +






+       +       +


more lutheran personal pages from



the open directory project


+       +       +








+       +       +


search or submit at
scrub the web








+       +       +







+       +       +



              













welcome to xrysostom, a cosmic collision of theology and religion, humor,
music, art, friendship, computing, culture, and more. most graphics
on this page are clickable, so don't miss the buried links, secret
messages, and enlarged pictures. you can jump down using this index, but i invite
you to scroll along from top to bottom, instead.





index of this page: my world

lutheran theology | general religion and theology

culture | fun'n'games

a few of my friends | computing and the net

head on to visit holy cross | or
"ask the pastor"









i'm glad you found me! snyder's the name: my folks named me walter phillip; my friends
call me walt (and i've been called a lot of other things during my years on earth). if you wish
to remain formal, call me pastor snyder. i'll also answer to reverend snyder or father snyder.
you can write me, too.

this page is a clearing house for what interests me, and through it, i've found many other
people who shared my interests. i also tend to treat this as a "bully pulpit" (to quote teddy
roosevelt), where i can say what i want how i want. follow the text links or click on the pix
to find what's stashed around here. in case you were wondering, i'm the son of the other
pastor
walter snyder. he "died in the saddle," a parish pastor, at st. james' lutheran church,
honey grove, texas until the end.

i'm a lutheran pastor and theologian, an author, a newspaper
columnist for the local paper, an occasional humorist, and generally
enjoy all life has to offer. special joy comes from my family, and of all my earthly blessings,
they are the most precious. i like where i live, and encourage you to see
for yourself.





the lord jesus is the center of my life. expressing his love in writing, preaching, and teaching
is a gift he has given me. i enjoy reading and arguing (er, discussing) lutheran
theology, as well as other christian (and non-christian) povs. general and
church history are always a trip. i can always lose myself reading a good
book or a newspaper.

when i'm not busy with anything else, you can usually find me banging on my
'puter or hanging on the net, where i've made a number of good new friends
while keeping up with a lot of the old ones. not the least of my joys is the
humor to be found out here, including some i've contributed myself. i also love
classical music and the traditional hymnody of the western church -- but that
doesn't stop me from also liking a lot of the newer stuff.

before we go farther, i should explain the moniker. xrysostom is greek for
"golden mouth." i took the name to honor st. john chrysostom, who was given the title
by the early church because of his masterful preaching. i also like the name because i enjoy
preaching and public speaking, and am occasionally halfway good at it. click on the title
graphic for pronunciation and a welcome message in .wav format.




hot links and cool commentary

this is where i take you to some of my favorite places and let you meet some of the people i
know. additional links may be found at the end of most of these sections. enjoy!

1. my world and welcome to it
my immediate world is the community of emma, missouri, sitting near interstate 70 about
halfway between kansas city and columbia -- only a few minutes away from the town of
concordia. all of this is in the western half of
the show me state state of missouri.
i'm pastor of holy cross lutheran church in emma. you can visit holy cross (or my former
texas congregations -- and see some of the touristy things to do back there) by taking a brief
side-trip to lutherland. you can also visit
st. paul lutheran high school, from which my
father and my older daughter graduated.



i went to high school in
gallup, new mexico and graduated in 1975. i went to
st. john's college now closed and not to be confused
with other st. john's colleges and universities) in winfield, kansas. for my pastoral training,
i attended concordia seminary, st. louis, missouri. since
ordination, i have done continuing education there and at
concordia theological seminary, fort wayne, indiana. as i
mentioned above, i was pastor in jasper and
woodville,
texas before moving to emma. sad to say, i was in jasper
during the death of james byrd, jr. and the subsequent media frenzy and trials. yet i'm also
glad i was there, both to witness and to be a part of the healing process. that's me in this
picture, with younger daughter laura and her friend kaylah beard.

if you're planning a trip here or elsewhere, you'd better
check the weather. for that matter, this link will
find the weather wherever you are. if you search hard enough, you might even find out what's
happening on mars.

and if outer space isn't bizarre enough for you, head for washington, d.c. to check up on our
elected officials -- and maybe
drop them a line. and if
you desire, you can send them (or me) snail mail.

(back to the top)

2.  the heart of my matters: lutheran theology
the core teaching of the lutheran church is that we are all sinners who are saved by
grace alone, through faith in christ jesus. you can also
compare lutheranism to other churches. if you
want to know still more, "ask the pastor!"



i'm a member of the lutheran church - missouri synod
(lcms), which is headquartered in st. louis, missouri. you may be interested in finding out
who we are and
what we believe. you can also discover
more about the missouri district of the lc-ms.

many of our early documents are translated and accessible through
project wittenberg. some modern theological writings
are posted by semper reformanda.

the lutherans even had a number of insurance and investment companies to themselves. the two
larger, lutheran brotherhood (lb) and aid association for lutherans (aal) merged into the new
thrivent financial for lutherans. you can find all sorts
of infobits on their pages.

more godtalk
(back to the top)

3.  general religion and theology
if you're interested in the bible,
creationism, reading
classical christianity,
or other christian theology, the web can be your tool
for discovery.

i'm won't make an exhaustive list here. if you want to find a lot more of the technical stuff,
pay a visit to fides quarens
internetum and find more religion than you can shake moses' staff at on this "super
page" of theology. you can also browse the
christian resources
page.

there's a lot of religious discussion via e-mail through some of the groups on
h-net (humanities online). the u.s. religion group i belong
to is called h-amrel. and if you're looking to find
a church body or a specific congregation, the
church locator
can help.

at christian connections (tcm), you'll find
resources for all ages. the bibfeldt link has some under-currents in theology or mission, but
you'll have to go to the humor section to make the jumps.




the best of the christian web offers you the opportunity
to search their reviewed and rated sites. you can perform boolean searches right from this page,
or can go to their page for even more. sites are categorized, and the browser is offered
opportunities to view pages from many different traditions and ministries. if they like your
page, they might put you on their list of "must visits."

 want to find out more about some part of holy scripture? try the bible search from
gospel communications network.







the bible gateway(tm)
 
a service of

gospel communications

network (gospelcom)


other languages:


albanian

arabic

bulgarian

chinese

croatian

czech

danish

dutch

french

german

greek


.



haitian

hungarian

icelandic

italian

korean

latin

low german

maori

norwegian

polish

portuguese

romanian

russian

slovak

spanish

swedish

tagalog

ukrainian

.

.



version:


 esv    
 amp   
 asv   
 cev   
 kj21  
 kjv   
 msg   
 nasb  
 niv   
 niv-uk 
 nkjv  
 nlt   
 rsv   
 we    
 wyc   
 ylt   
 all   



passage:




search word(s):









searching help







when i'm doing serious study, a major tool is my logos
bible software for greek, hebrew, and english resources galore. i added the lutheran
confessions (book of concord) cd-rom collection from
northwestern publishing house to aid my specific
studies and research.

still more christian godtalk - also
non-christian links; even
christian computing
(back to the top)

4.  readin' and writin' and groovin' to the tunes
a. most people think the net's all
modern and high tech. yet places like project gutenberg
are trying to take the old texts from the public domain and upload them to their domain. here's
where you can go to read the classics. if sports literature is your bag,
h-net sponsors an e-mail forum and web site called
arete.

unless you want to repeat the mistakes of the past, you can also brush up on your history.
one good place to start is with the history channel.

the big newspaper in these parts is the kansas city
star. the boss hoss newspaper
i left behind in texas, the houston chronicle, on
sunday takes two men and a strong boy to haul that sucker home. i also jump across the pond to
read the electronic telegraph.

b. i used to read (and write for) the
jasper newsboy. now that i'm in missouri, our local news comes from the sweet springs
herald and the concordian (coincidentally from the town of concordia, missouri).
not online, and considerably smaller than the star, the chronicle, or the
telegraph, it now bears the stigma of carrying my 
"ask the pastor" (atp) column, in each
wednesday's issue.

you can read atp in ascii text without a subscription. another
option is to subscribe to the column by email -- which
means that you get to miss having to look at my picture at the top of each page. past issues
have dealt with baptism, original sin, humor, beer, and over 250 other topics.
see if i've already answered your
question and, if not, write to ask me. you can also read
what the newsboy wrote about me.




i also coauthored (with my father) of a book called what do lutherans believe? a study
guide in christian teaching for adults. it is designed for review of lutheran doctrine
by members of our church and also to be used in instruction classes for those in the process
of becoming lutherans. wdlb is available from oshkosh church supply, oshkosh,
wisconsin. the toll-free phone number is 1-800-236-8724.

you can also browse
lutheran
best sellers or
writings
by martin luther, or you can start your own search now:








search:


all products
	books
	magazines
	popular music
	classical music
	video
	dvd
	toys & games
	baby
	computer & video games
	electronics
	software
	tools & hardware
	outdoor living
	kitchen & housewares
	camera & photo
	wireless phones
	


keywords:


















c. lutheran composer
j. s. bach not only gave us his music, he
also gave us this abbreviation on almost every composition: "sdg", which stood for
"soli deo gloria (to god alone the glory)." bach sure had his priorities right.
we just aren't sure how he looked, as these three pictures of him
show considerable variety in interpretation.

bach's claim was that all music should give honor to the lord. he was not the
first lutheran to exalt music; the lutheran church was known as a singing church from its
beginning. martin luther
himself wrote many hymns and set much of the liturgy to music.
the year of our lord 2000 marked the 250th anniversary of bach's death. in his honor, i
posted a paper on bach as theologian. you can also order from the
catalog of the
essential
j. s. bach or browse an entire entire
bach
store at amazon.com,
which also offers a number of
bach
books.
	
i order a lot of religious and classical music (and the occasional neil young, zz top,
monkees, or the who cd) from bmg music.
if you want to meet a real live musician, visit my net friend
walter krueger,
see where he teaches, and follow his wonderful musical
links. a wealth of music from "across the pond" is to be found at
orchestranet, the official web site of
the association of british orchestras.

more cultured pursuits
(back to the top)
5.  but seriously, folks - let's get silly
laughter may not be the best medicine - but you can do it and drive without getting arrested.
i enjoy the artistic humor of  churches ad
hoc and the quirkiness of rich diesslin.

for the antidote to too much political correctness, i go to the zoo with
heather and her two mommies
(the pictures are gorgeous, too). for folks who like their religion with a chuckle and an edge,
i might recommend the door (if you promise not to
sue me). then you can head over to the
bibfeldt page,
a theologian harder to sight (and harder to get rid of) than elvis.

of course there's more to life's fun than laughter and joke-telling. eating, drinking, radio,
tv, sports, movies, and the like all contribute. so along with more humor sites, you might also
want to look for some of these on my fun'n'games page.

ultimately, however, i end up saying my prayers, grabbing my rubber chicken, then heading off to the
religious humor list (rehu-l), which also has its own web page. there
you can meet more of my friends. it also has me as a co-moderator (lucky group).

more fun things to see and do
(back to the top)
6.  a few of my friends



one of the first people i got to know on the net was professor, poet, and pundit
greg singleton. he's on even more e-mail lists
than i am, and is responsible for founding quite a few of them.

an older friend (tho' a younger man) is keith chuvala,
who calls himself "an expatriate kansas pc techno-geek deep in the heart of texas." in other words,
he went from running the computers of southwestern college
in winfield, kansas. he now works for nasa subcontractor
united space alliance in the houston area.
keith and i are alumni of st. john's college,
winfield, kansas, where i made more friends than anyplace else in the world. it's closed now,
but in my heart, the eagle still flies.

(back to the top)

7. computer stuff
if you're reading this, you're using a computer. i spend too much time on my own pc. it's a
built-to-order with an intel pentium ii ® 450 mhz
processor. i do my own html coding using first page from
evrsoft, a wonderful free html editor.

a lot of my time on the net is taken up with discussion lists such as provided by
cat 41, where lists such as
table talk give me a chance to discuss
substantive, orthodox, confessional, liturgical lutheran theology. i also haunt other lists,
so keep an eye out for me.

i also edit in the open directory project.
as such, i add and catalogue sites in certain areas to make your searching and browsing easier.
if you're looking for something, begin a search




or poke around for yourself


  
browse open directory





arts
business
computers
games
health
home
kids and teens
news


recreation
reference
regional
science 
shopping
society
sports
world


of course, this is just a start. there are online computer magazines, manufacturers'
web sites, 3rd party hardware and software dealers, and just about anything else remotely
connected to computing.

more christian computing
(back to the top)


the end of the road (u-turns allowed)
start over, move on, or say goodbye:

back to the top of the page
back to my world and welcome to it
back to the heart of my matters: lutheran theology or on to more
lutheran links
back to general religion and theology or on to more
christian or general theology
back to readin' and writin' and groovin' to the tunes or on to
more culture
back to but seriously, folks or have more
fun'n'games
back to a few of my friends
back to tools of the cybertrade or on to
christian computing
head on to visit holy cross
check the archives of "ask the pastor," then send him your
question

say "auf wiedersehen" to xrysostom
y'all come back now, hear?






these pages were designed and written by walter p. snyder. if you have comments, send
them to xrysostom@xrysostom.com. these pages
were originally written in july of 1996.

xrysostom home page and sub-pages © 1996-2005 by walter p. snyder.
last updates 5 march 2005.









