mobile phones, plans and more - fido

please enable javascript to continue using this application.save $70 on the setup service fee when you shop online!shop nowlunar new year: 60gb for $45/mo. at 4g speeds, after auto-pay and when you bring your own phone. for new activations only.get it nowreimagine what’s possible with galaxy ai pre-order the samsung galaxy s25 now.pre-order nowiphone 15 at $0 down!after bill credit for 24 months with financing on select plans. a setup service fee ($70) may apply. full price: $1,161.get it nowgoogle pixel 9 for $20/month!after bill credit for 24 months with financing on select plans. a setup service fee ($70) may apply. full price: $1,287. get it nowsamsung galaxy s24 at $0 down!after bill credit for 24 months with financing on select plans. a setup service fee ($70) may apply. full price: $1,358.49.get it nowmotorola razr + at $0 down!after bill credit for 24 months with financing on select plans. a setup service fee ($70) may apply. full price: $1,560.get it now starting at $  60 .00/mogreat deals on rogers internet!stay connected with fast, reliable, and secure internet. already a fido mobile customer? call us now to get it 1-855-348-0213.shop onlinesign in for exclusive offers! check out amazing plan and phone deals made just for you. sign in certified pre-owned devices up to 80% offenjoy big savings for up to 80% off select certified pre-owned devices when you activate on select plans with fido payment program. get it now now available for fido customers.meet the rogers mastercard®. earn and get rewarded with a 3% cash back value.
exclusively with rogers. 



all for no annual fee. offer applicable to postpaid consumers. learn more why buy onlineit's better online!shop online and get these awesome benefitsonline exclusivessave $70 on the setup service fee plus access to exclusive offersget it your waywe'll ship the device to you or pick it up in-store for free. the choice is yours!hassle free returnseasy and free returns with our 30-day return policy
why fidobye, data overage!go all out without going over. with data overage protection in your plan, your data will be paused when you reach your limit. no more surprises.learn moreget a data boostthat’s 5 hours of unlimited data every month at no extra cost so you can watch movies, listen to playlists, or get directions without the need for wifi. get 5 extra hours of data, only with fido. available with data, talk & text plans. 
learn moredream phone. dream price.take advantage of phones starting at $0 down with the fido payment program by shopping our certified pre-owned phones for great value and get your new phone at a lower price!view phonesready to roam again?with fido roamtm, use your plan's data, talk and text just like you do at home in over 185 destinations for one low daily fee.learn morewant to get the latest news about our offers?sign up to get the scoop about limited-time deals and offers from fido!sign up my account, on the godownload the fido my account app to track your usage, make a secure payment, use your data boost and so much more!apple downloadandroid download