

 















california peace officers' memorial foundation




















































 





skip to content





primary menu
the memorial

annual memorial ceremony
history
cpomf board
galleries


honor roll

in the line of duty
honored officers
tributes
in the line of duty magazine
guidelines


survivor assistance
scholarship
contact us
search for an honored officer
sponsorship opportunities
donate now
fallen officers notifications
 




 







 






california peace officers' memorial foundation
honoring our fallen heroes




search for an honored officer
sponsorship opportunities
donate now
fallen officers notifications
 









a nonprofit charitable foundation whose mission is to recognize and honor california's peace officers who gave their lives in the line of duty serving the citizens of this great state, and provide support to the family members left behind. 





proud sponsors   platinum sponsor   walk of honor sponsor   walk of honor sponsor    walk of honor sponsor    walk of honor sponsor    walk of honor sponsor    walk of honor sponsor    walk of honor sponsor    ceremony sponsor    ceremony sponsor    ceremony sponsor    ceremony sponsor 






https://youtu.be/x6aozhxzkmihttps://youtu.be/ebw0_gnr3w0 


honoring our fallen officers   deputy timothy corlewriverside co. sheriff's officeeow: january 08, 2025at approximately 5:30am on wednesday, january 8, 2025, riverside county deputy sheriff timothy corlew had just cleared a traffic stop on ca 91. while traveling westbound in the hov lane east of la sierra avenue, deputy corlew’s patrol motorcycle collided with a vehicle,…
   leave a tribute    		  2025 honor roll   officer austin machitarsan diego police departmenteow: august 26, 2024shortly after 11:30pm on monday, august 26, 2024, officers from the san diego police department witnessed a vehicle traveling at an excessively high rate of speed on surface streets and initiated a traffic stop. the driver did not yield, and a short pursuit ensued. due to…
   leave a tribute    		  2025 honor roll   officer matthew bowenvacaville police departmenteow: july 11, 2024at approximately 10:31am on thursday, july 11, 2024, vacaville police officer matthew bowen was conducting a traffic stop near the intersection of leisure town road and orange drive when he was struck from behind by another vehicle. officer bowen began receiving medical aid…
   leave a tribute    		  2025 honor roll   deputy alfredo “freddy” floreslos angeles co. sheriff's departmenteow: april 20, 2024on october 10, 2023, deputy alfredo “freddy” flores of the los angeles county sheriff’s department was training with a fellow deputy inside the mobile shooting range at the pitchess detention center in castaic when an equipment malfunction ignited a fire at…
   leave a tribute    		  2025 honor roll   officer tuan leoakland police departmenteow: december 29, 2023long before officer tuan le became a peace officer, he exhibited a kind and generous spirit. born in vietnam, le moved to oakland when he was a child. at tuan’s memorial service, his cousin, jennifer ky, emotionally told a story about tuan that has stuck with her all these…
   leave a tribute    		  2025 honor roll   officer chad e. swansonmanhattan beach police departmenteow: october 04, 2023on october 4, 2023, officer chad swanson of the manhattan beach police department was killed in a motorcycle crash on the 405 highway at del amo avenue. at approximately 5:15am, a vehicle struck his department motorcycle after another vehicle made an unsafe lane change. the…
   leave a tribute    		  2025 honor roll   deputy ryan clinkunbroomerlos angeles co. sheriff's departmenteow: september 16, 2023growing up, deputy ryan clinkunbroomer was the type of kid other parents wished they could call their own. he was selfless, he always wore an infectious smile, and he wanted to serve his community. he enjoyed being a big brother to his sister, katie, and brother, chad. as a…
   leave a tribute    		  2025 honor roll   officer gonzalo carrasco, jr.selma police departmenteow: january 31, 2023officer gonzalo carrasco, jr. grew up in reedley, california as a proud son to farmworkers who dreamed of becoming a police officer. he took the initiative to pursue his education. gonzalo served as a police explorer in his hometown, attended the police academy, and went on…
   leave a tribute    		  2025 honor roll   deputy darnell calhounriverside co. sheriff's officeeow: january 13, 2023deputy darnell calhoun was a committed and dedicated peace officer. he was a committed and dedicated family man – a husband, father, son, and brother. his loved ones say he was “an inspiration.” he was “genuine, kind, loyal, and had the heart of a servant.” in short,…
   leave a tribute    		  2025 honor roll   deputy isaiah corderoriverside co. sheriff's officeeow: december 29, 2022on the afternoon of thursday, december 29, 2022, shortly before 2:00pm, deputy isaiah cordero with the riverside county sheriff’s office initiated a traffic stop on a vehicle in the 3900 block of golden west avenue in jurupa valley. as deputy cordero approached the vehicle…
   leave a tribute    		  2025 honor roll   memorial ceremony
candlelight vigil
sunday, may 4, 2025
8:30pm – 9:30pm
enrollment ceremony
monday, may 5, 2025
10:30am – 12:30pm
honored officers list 


about the ceremony
past years’ photos
in the line of duty magazine

 


how you can helpdonate to cpomfsend a financial online contribution via paypal or mail a check to our home office.
state tax return checkoff programmake a contribution when you file your california resident income tax return.
peace officers payroll programpeace officers can set up an automatic monthly donation through payroll deduction.
calpers payroll programcalpers members can sign up to make a monthly donation of their choosing.
sponsors and corporate partnershipyour organization can be recognized as a cpomf corporate sponsor and donor.
                              support our efforts donate



fallen officers notifications











sign up to be notified when an officer is lost in the line of duty.

name


first



last

email(required)

phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  











δ









 california peace officers' memorial foundation    640 bercut drive, sacramento, ca 95811
 copyright © 2025 california peace officers' memorial foundation. all rights reserved.
  |  
website designed and maintained by 

































