






 
lf manufacturing – manufacturer of fiberglass-reinforced polymer (frp) structures




































































skip to content



 
 (800) 237-5791
employment locations videos top bar


lf manufacturing
manufacturer of fiberglass-reinforced polymer (frp) structures

home marketsoilfield industrial water / wastewater agricultural oem market  productsoilfieldoilfield tanks gun barrels sumps canopies static discharge solutions water storage tanks  industrialchemical storage tanks water storage tanks fire suppression water storage process vessel pipe and ducting systems  water/wastewatermanholes wetwells and basins inlet hubs valve vaults and arv manholes chemical storage tanks water storage tanks rainguard inflow protectors  agriculturalbul-tuf wildlife watering products water storage tanks fertilizer storage tanks  oemcontact us for information   services news aboutcompany employment videos  contact uscontact & locations quote request  

search:











 
home marketsoilfield industrial water / wastewater agricultural oem market  productsoilfieldoilfield tanks gun barrels sumps canopies static discharge solutions water storage tanks  industrialchemical storage tanks water storage tanks fire suppression water storage process vessel pipe and ducting systems  water/wastewatermanholes wetwells and basins inlet hubs valve vaults and arv manholes chemical storage tanks water storage tanks rainguard inflow protectors  agriculturalbul-tuf wildlife watering products water storage tanks fertilizer storage tanks  oemcontact us for information   services news aboutcompany employment videos  contact uscontact & locations quote request  







 


we are proud to announce that l.f. manufacturing (lfm) was acquired by the fiber glass systems business unit within nov, inc. in august 2022. fiber glass systems is the leader in composite piping systems, fittings, tanks, and structures for the oil and gas, chemical and industrial, marine, offshore, fuel handling, and water industries. this acquisition provides many new and exciting opportunities within our markets. since the acquisition, our day-to-day business has continued as usual and your current contacts remain the same. combining expertise in manufacturing, knowledge of fiberglass/composites, and a passion to serve will allow us to remain the fiberglass/composites leader and continue to create the best product and service offerings for our customers.





  


our story






check out lfm’s profile segment on the fox business network’s manufacturing marvels®.





markets we serve






lfm provides the finest fiberglass tanks and vessels to service the oilfield, industrial, water / wastewater, agricultural, and oem markets.  across all product lines, we deliver decades of dependability with every fiberglass product we sell.


















 


oilfield







 


industrial







 


water / wastewater







 


agricultural







 


oem











custom solutions






we market our custom fiberglass products throughout the united states utilizing a network of retail distributors and independent representatives. we offer professional quotes and submittals along with courteous service. once your fiberglass products have been manufactured, our transportation department will see that it gets to you on time and safely. our drivers are professionals who understand the importance and demands of your schedule.


learn morecustom quote now














bul-tuf®






lfm is the only manufacturer of the original bul-tuf® line of stock watering tanks. accept no substitutes.


learn more


corporate divisions






let us put our unmatched experience to work for you. lfm has been building fiberglass reinforced plastic tanks and process vessels for a wide range of applications since 1974. we utilize the latest in chop and filament winding equipment available in the industry today, thus supplying our customers with the highest quality fiberglass structures on the market. our 83,000 square feet production facility is situated on 35 acres just east of giddings, texas (50 miles east of austin).


oilfield


lfm creates fiberglass above-ground storage tanks for use in oilfields. our oilfield products include storage tanks for crude oil production, for storage of produced water, and for salt-water disposal purposes.







industrial


lfm’s industrial products include above- and below-ground storage tanks for agricultural use, fire suppression, light chemical, and a wide variety of other uses, such as sumps, ducting and piping.







chemical


our fiberglass chemical tanks and process vessels are fabricated to the highest standards appropriate to the corrosive environments in which they are used. most are designed to the asme rtp-1 standard.







environmental


lfm’s environmental products are corrosion resistant, and include manholes, liners, wetwells, potable water tanks, rainwater tanks, and chemical tanks for use in water and wastewater treatment.










recent news






lfm oilfield tanks meet vapor recovery requirements

august 9, 2018
giddings, texas-based lf manufacturing (lfm) is proud to announce that the company’s line of oilfield tanks is available in configurations that are in full compliance with epa requirements for vapor recovery. for tanks configured in a battery, vapor recovery requirements stipulate that each tank must be rated for 16 ounces of air pressure and must…

continue reading



lfm receives texas nrcs approval for bul tuf

march 8, 2018
giddings, texas-based lf manufacturing (lfm) is proud to announce that the company’s bul-tuftm line of fiberglass livestock and wildlife watering tanks has received approval for statewide use from the texas natural resource conservation services (nrcs) of the us department of agriculture (usda).  following an application and review process by the state, lfm’s bul-tuftm troughs and…

continue reading



about lfm






l.f. manufacturing, inc. (lfm), headquartered in giddings, texas, has been a major manufacturer of fiberglass-reinforced polymer (frp) structures since 1974. lfm currently has six manufacturing facilities across the u.s. to service every region in the country. with over 200 employees, lfm manufactures pipe and structures in diameters from 8-inches to 20-feet and heights in access of 40-feet. our fiberglass manufacturing processes include the latest chop-hoop and helical filament winding, open-mold spray-up, resin transfer molding and vacuum assist methods. for our oem customers, lfm production services include plug and mold making to aid in product design, development and production.


learn more

















 



















(800) 237-5791




mailing address:
p.o. box 578
giddings, tx 78942
office hours:
mon-fri: 8am - 5pm cst
email: wefssales@nov.com

















corporate headquarters
giddings plant - east:
5528 east hwy. 290
giddings, tx 78942
(servicing the eagle ford)





giddings plant - west:
2687 west hwy. 290
giddings, tx 78942
(servicing the eagle ford)





waycross plant:
2450 industrial blvd.
waycross, ga 31503





stanton plant:
2599 fm 3033
stanton, tx 79782
(servicing the permian basin)





laurel plant - west:
119 w. washington ave.
laurel, mt 59044
(servicing bakken, powder river, niobrara)





laurel plant - east: 
1202 e. railroad st.
laurel, mt 59044
(servicing bakken, powder river, niobrara)









 








					copyright lf manufacturing - all rights reserved
                

privacy policy terms of service lfm standard warranty subfooter







go to top































































