











reporthost home inspection software


























sign up
log in

 more

features
how it works
a report explained
sample reports
rh mobile
report templates
schools and students
pricing
contact us










inspect, write and host your reports with reporthost

use our mobile and desktop software to save time and money.
publish home inspection reports that make you look great!

javascript must be enabled to show these slides

sign up now - it's free!



works the way you do

phone or tablet
pen and paper
whatever makes you happy!


 learn more



pro tip:


best quality templates in the industry
customize them however you wish
compliant with most standards of practice



learn more



our reports

clear. concise. easy to read.
html and pdf
automatically generated summaries, plus attachments


learn more



rest assured


your reports and templates hosted on our servers
your data backed up nightly
access every report you publish



learn more



no additional fees for:


mobile software or system upgrades
cloud services or support
multiple user accounts or report templates



learn more
check pricing



our mobile software


android ios  windows
fast, intuitive, easy to use
installs automatically on your browser



learn more



flexible

single inspectors or companies with many inspectors  
 team-inspect properties
customize your templates


learn more






















special offers


every new reporthost user gets 10 free reports with no expiration date.sign up now and try reporthost for free.


or, get 15 free reports when you sign up if you're a student or a member of internachi, ashi, creia, ontario achi or alberta achi. sign up now to start for free!















reporthost users can get their first month free or $100 off internachi membership.
find out more.







works the way you do

efficient mobile reporting
				streamline your report writing with our fast and user-friendly mobile software, rh mobile. easily integrate photos into your comments during inspections with camera integration. once you're done, simply upload and publish your report!

traditional field notes
				prefer pen and clipboard? no problem! print field notes from your report writing templates and use them during inspections. transcribe your findings to our website forms to create a professional report. uploading digital pictures is a breeze.

website publishing
				our website allows you to annotate pictures with arrows and circles, write captions, spell check, assign pictures to report items, and make final edits. publish your report when you’re done.

no software installation needed
				our mobile software is a web application. install it by navigating to a web page with your phone or tablet's browser. all you need to inspect and publish reports is a modern web browser on your phone, tablet, laptop, or desktop.

indefinite report storage
				every report you publish stays on our website indefinitely. you can view, revise, and republish any report at any time.







pro tips

professional report writing templates
				
					our report writing templates are designed to make you look professional. we believe they are the best in the industry, and they are free to use within reporthost. each template contains thousands of carefully crafted comments that address:
					 what's wrong why it matters what to do
				

customize our templates
				download a template from us to your rh account and modify it to suit your needs. add, change, or delete individual comments or entire sections to create your own unique templates.

standards compliance
				we research national, regional, and professional standards of practice to ensure your reports comply with most standards simply by including the relevant description items from our templates. for example, electric system ratings, water heater capacities, and types of roof coverings.


   



protected by copyright
				our narrative libraries are not available in other systems which helps you stand out.  we endeavor to protect these narratives so that our — and your — competitive advantage is maintained.if you see our narratives in reports not created with reporthost, please let us know.








our reports

easy-to-read reports
				our reports are designed for clarity and ease of use. standards-compliant description items appear first in each section, followed by concerns that identify defects. concerns are automatically sorted by severity, ensuring the most significant items are at the top. everything is clearly and sensibly laid out, with no confusing grids or checkmarks.

simple picture annotation
				easily annotate and insert pictures into your reports. add captions, arrows, circles, and rectangles to your images, then assign them to comments with ease.

automatic summaries
				summaries are generated automatically based on the types of comments you choose to include (e.g., safety, repair). you have many options, such as whether to include pictures or attachments.

document attachment
				easily attach any other documents in pdf format to your reports, such as pest diagrams, contracts, or additional reports.
















see sample reports





rest assured

secure report hosting
				at reporthost, we securely host your reports and customized templates on our servers. you can rest easy knowing your data is safe, even if your computer fails. all you need is an internet connection and a browser to access your information.at reporthost, we securely host your reports and customized templates on our servers. you can rest easy knowing your data is safe, even if your computer fails. all you need is an internet connection and a browser to access your information.

nightly backups
				our it team performs nightly backups — and some during the day! — to help ensure your data is never lost. we take care of the technical details so you can focus on your work.

anytime access
				every report you publish with reporthost is stored on our servers. need to find an inspection report from three years ago? no problem! simply search for it on our website and access it in seconds. you can also revise and republish any report as needed.

downloadable report backups
				we offer a service that provides backups of your reports, allowing you to keep copies on your own computer or media for added peace of mind.







rh mobile

automatic installation
				simply navigate to a page on our website using your phone or tablet's browser. no need to visit the app store or google play – installation is automatic!

universal compatibility
				rh mobile works seamlessly on most modern devices, including tablets, phones, laptops, desktops, and even kindles. whether you're using windows, android, ios, mac, or linux, it just works!

web browser access
				rh mobile is a web application that runs in your browser, minimizing compatibility issues and simplifying your life. rh mobile lets you navigate your report, select items, and take pictures quickly.

offline functionality
				start your reports online, then perform your inspections offline, anywhere in the field.












rh mobile lets you navigate your report, select items, and take pictures quickly.

learn more!








flexible









ideal for single inspectors and companies with multiple inspectors
				your company can have multiple user accounts, each with different levels of access to our system and your company information. customized report templates can be copied from one user account to another, ensuring all employees use the same language in their reports. you can review or edit your inspectors' reports before or after they're published.

team inspections
				multiple inspectors can use the same user account to inspect a single property simultaneously, then merge their findings to create a single report.

flexible photo options
				take pictures with your device's camera or a traditional digital camera. use a traditional digital camera when you're in a crawl space or on a roof, or when using printed field notes. easily upload those pictures to your report on our website for annotating, captioning, and assigning to report comments.

view, revise, and republish
				with your reports hosted on our servers, you can view any report you've published with us. you can easily revise and republish any report at any time.


see workflowsour templates





download inspection/client information
upload published report pdfs










download inspection/client information
upload published report pdfs








pricing

no cost to sign up
				enjoy full access to reporthost with no trial or evaluation version. you get the real thing from the start. 

free reports
				receive 10 free reports upon registration activation. if you're a student or a member of ashi, internachi, creia, ontario achi, or alberta achi, you'll get 15 free reports.














flexible payment plans
				choose to pay per report or opt for our subscription plans. our flexible payment options cater to new inspectors and seasoned professionals alike. reports can be as low as $0.50 each through our plans.

no hidden fees
				we only charge for the reports you publish. unlike other inspection software companies, we don't impose annual fees or additional costs for upgrades, maintenance, or support.


check pricingregister for free!





from our customers...


ben moreheadcornerstone home inspectorsdothan, al




 reporthost has been our inspection software of choice since 2013.their support is excellent and our inspectors spend less time writing reports and more time with their families after a day of inspections.our real estate agents and clients appreciate how easy the reports are to understand and differentiate the most important items from those that are less concerning. 



henry barrios4 eyes home inspections llc




 just wanting to give you some compliments on reporthost.i've tried many other reporting softwares during the time i've had reporthost (a little more than 1 year now) and gotta tell you, its the easiest in all aspects.i've spent some time customizing it for my south florida area.  i wish you the best for you and your company and hope you retain reporthost for a long time...at least till i retire! :) 



dave o'donnellprotocall home inspections




 lately i have been receiving offers from many companies that claim there home inspection software is the best and easiest inspection reporting software.well to get right to the point, i have been using reporthost from the start of my business, reporthost is the best and only inspection software i use and will ever use. i recommend your home inspection report system to all inspectors and all in training inspectors. i get praise from all my clients and realtors about my reports.thank you for making my business more successful. you guys rock!!!! 



jerry lozierjerry lozier home inspections, llc




 i get rave reviews on my reports and quality of pictures and ease of opening when i send to customers.thank you for a great report format.... you make me look good. 



pj greenwellgreenwell home inspections of central fl, llc




 just wanted to take a second and let you know, that you guys are the best.my customers love their reports and never have any issues reading and understanding them. i get a lot of compliments and have many for you from me.i am proud to say that i use reporthost for all of my reports and i couldn't be happier. thanks guys! 



mike gauthierinspec




 you know, i've used your report writing site well over 100 times and i sit here still wowed as to how nice it is to use and totally customize to my liking.looking forward to the next 1000. note: mike's now done over 6000 reports with us!



ron bracklow peb & b property services




 today i used your reporthost report system for the first time, and although i made a few mistakes, once i went through it, it was very easy to use, informative, and i can't thank you enough for the great product.guess which report system i'll be using from now on - i especially like the "summary page" this will be great for realtors that don't have time to read through 30 pages of reports. 



richard malagodiinspection associates of ne




 fantastic software!  easy to use, thorough and professional looking.  i will continue to use it as my inspection volume ramps up.  well done. 



joe schreinersage home inspections




 thank you for making such a great piece of software.  i tried a few others before finding reporthost and yours is the best, hands down. 



brent harlessbroyce inspections, inc.




 you guys did a great job in writing your concerns in a fashion that i would write my inspection report comments that i would use over the past thirty years of inspecting. 



mike dovehome buyers inspection service




 i still constantly get compliments on my reports.people are really impressed with the format. you have as fine a product as i have ever seen. i appreciate the fact that you guys constantly make it better. 



matthew haraminacpeak real estate inspectors




 one of the reasons i recently decided to switch to reporthost was due to the fact that it allows me to use both my tablet and my dslr (using a wifi card) simultaneously since the prompt for inserting a picture does not automatically open a camera app and instead allows me to pick the photos from files or select the camera app.additionally, i keep a library of graphics on my tablet to insert into reports to show the proper construction details.this feature is huge for me as i don't feel it is possible to capture some things clearly enough with a tablet camera, especially when shooting outside in the bright sun as glare on the screen is an issue. it's cumbersome and time-consuming to merge in the dslr photos after the fact. 















