









native landscape restoration | prairie restorations inc. | mn native plants

























































 














































close



  wholesale
    





          restoration services
            











consultation






installation






management















          garden centers
            











store locations






workshops & events






2025 product catalog















          resources
            











lawns to legumes






native planting guide






customer faqs






blog






presto















          about
            











success stories






partners






careers






contact















shop online













restoring minnesota's native landscapes, one seed at a time.

since 1977, prairie restorations, inc. has stood as one of the pioneering companies in the united states dedicated to the restoration and management of native plant communities.


success stories







native landscape restoration services

native plants are crucial for maintaining biodiversity in prairies, wetlands, woodlands and shorelines. they support local ecosystems and restore natural habitats to help prevent soil erosion, improve water quality, and provide food and shelter for wildlife, all while requiring less water and maintenance due to their natural adaptation to the local environment.


















consult
not sure where to begin? don’t worry! we provide site assessments, tailored project proposals, and personalized recommendations to guide you in restoring your land with minnesota’s native plant life.

restoration consultations












install
dreaming of a lush, native garden? or maybe you’re managing a larger piece of land that needs restoration? our installation team handles it all, from site preparation to planting. we specialize in creating thriving native plant communities that support biodiversity.

landscape installations












manage
once your native landscape is installed, the next few years require management and expert care to stay healthy and vibrant. our management services include integrated plant management, prescribed burns, and the removal of invasive species like buckthorn. we’ll help you keep your ecosystem healthy and flourishing year after year.

sustainable land management











locally sourced, native plants that support pollinators, wildlife, water quality and people.









visit our garden centers

discover our wide selection of native plants, seeds, and tools for homeowners at our garden centers located in princeton, scandia, and esko, minnesota. our friendly and knowledgeable staff is ready to help you select the right plants for your project, as well as garden accessories, gifts, and natural resource books.


view location













wholesale plants & seeds

prairie restorations offers bulk orders and custom seed mixes for contractors, landscapers, schools, trusts, and government organizations. we know how important it is to source high-quality, local plant materials, and our wholesale options make it easy and affordable to use native plants in your landscapes. 


wholesale information







success stories

see our work in action

curious about the work we do? our case studies highlight some of our favorite restoration projects. each project showcases the difference native plants can make in creating thriving ecosystems. explore how we've helped homeowners, communities, and conservation areas bring their landscapes back to life.













riverside park greenhouse







st. cloud, mn











sherburne national wildlife refuge







zimmerman, mn











residential installation & maintenance







esko, mn











prairie restoration demo prairie







princeton, mn


























our story

a passion for the land since 1977

for over 40 years, prairie restorations has been driven by a love for minnesota’s natural landscapes. what started as a passion for prairies has blossomed into a full-fledged commitment to restoring landscapes across the state—from wetlands to woodlands, shorelines, and solar fields. our mission is to create vibrant, sustainable ecosystems that support biodiversity and bring people back in touch with the land.with over 85 dedicated professionals and 5 locations throughout minnesota, we’re here to help you develop a thriving native landscape. from providing locally sourced, genetically appropriate seeds and plants to expert installations, management and consultations, we’re here to help you preserve minnesota's native ecology for generations to come.


who we are






careers

join the team at prairie restorations

looking for a career that connects you to nature? we’re looking for passionate, dedicated individuals to join our team. whether you’re an experienced horticulturist, new to ecology, or just have a love for the land, we offer exciting career opportunities where you can make a difference. from working outdoors in native landscapes to engaging with clients who share our passion for restoration, there’s always something new and rewarding waiting for you at prairie restorations.


work with us




















partnerships for a greener tomorrow

we’re proud to work with organizations that share our mission of ecological restoration and sustainability. our valued partnerships help make a bigger impact in our communities. learn more about the different organizations that help us bring native landscapes to life.


our partners













our events & workshops

if you love learning about native plants and restoration, join us for our events and workshops that will deepen your understanding of native plant care, garden design, and restoration techniques, and help you connect with others who share your passion for the environment!


view calendar













native landscape resources

our resource hub is packed with helpful tools, expert advice, and inspiring ideas to guide you through your native landscape restoration project. from native planting guides to faqs and our blog, you’ll find everything you need to create a beautiful, sustainable landscape.


discover resources








let’s grow together

ready to restore your landscape and bring more nature into your life? we’re here to help! if you have any questions or would like to schedule a service, don’t hesitate to get in touch with us! contact our team today to learn more about how we can help you restore your land.










contact us






sign up to stay informed!

subscribe now for special offers, planting tips, and the latest prairie restorations news delivered straight to your inbox.








name(required)


first



last

email(required)
















































princeton garden center











      31646 128th st. princeton, mn 55371
      








      retail@prairieresto.com
      








      (763) 631-9458
      










      closed for season
      







scandia garden center











      21120 ozark court nscandia, mn 55073
      








      scandia@prairieresto.com
      








      (651) 433-1437
      










      closed for season
      







esko garden center











      110e hwy 61esko, mn 55733
      








      esko@prairieresto.com
      








      (218) 878-3369
      










      closed for season
      











copyright © 2025 prairie restorations, inc. all rights reserved.

 
 









































