



facelift massage - yuri esperson








































home

natural facelift self massage


about yuri
awards
seminars
training

testimonials
natural facelift self massage


practitioners
contact yuri
yuri









about facelift massage (flm)
yuri esperson is one of the pioneers of the face lift massage technique in the united states. his massage technique is based on and certified by the london center for indian champissage international tm (lcici).  the technique is completely natural and safe – not even oils or lotions are...




yuri in the media
see yuri’s awards:

official hamptons’ dan’s paper reader’s choice best of the best – 2007
official hamptons’ dan’s paper reader’s choice best of the best – 2005
official montauk pioneer reader’s choice best massage therapist –...









about facelift massage (flm)

yuri esperson is one of the pioneers of the face lift massage technique in the united states. his massage technique is based on and certified by the london center for indian champissage international tm (lcici).  the technique is completely natural and safe – not even oils or lotions are used!  gentle and precise stretching of the small muscles in the face and holding them for a prolonged period of time allows the facial muscles to strengthen and tighten. specially designed massage moves combine with acupressure to gently move out the old lymph, improve blood circulation and bring fresh lymph into the facial area to provide a fresh, glowing look that lasts for days! a series of these massages help tone and tighten skin and visibly reduce wrinkles, sagging skin, crow’s feet and laugh lines.  more information about the technique and about lcici can be found at http://faceliftmassage.com/
a scientific, before and after test done using the visia complexion analysis method showed that following one facelift massage session with yuri, the client’s wrinkles decreased by 41%, number of pores decreased by 24%, skin evenness improved by 23% and uv significantly diminished! even one face lift massage with yuri will inject a dose health and relaxation into your life.
the best part?  yuri works extensively in the hamptons and new york city, and will come to a location of your choice in the tri-state area. to book a massage today, please call yuri at 1.917.414.7769 or email him at info@faceliftmassage.net





yuri in the media

 see yuri’s awards:

official hamptons’ dan’s paper reader’s choice best of the best – 2007
official hamptons’ dan’s paper reader’s choice best of the best – 2005
official montauk pioneer reader’s choice best massage therapist – 2003

see yuri in the media:

health, beauty & fitness, facelift without the stress
the art of healing massage










 














copyright © 2025. 2011 all rights reserved. 







