






compliance management audits and inspections | trendsource









































employers 
employers 

employers overview
virtual i-9 verifications



consumer reporting 
consumer reporting 

consumer reporting overview
onsite inspections
virtual inspections



government 
government 

government overview
repossession lot inspections
debt collector inspections
fha lender inspections



finance 
finance 

finance overview
occupancy verification inspections
property condition reports



health care 
health care 

health care overview
cms phone call audits
cms appointments and events audits



retail 
retail 

retail overview
health and safety audits
marketing audits
merchandising audits
stock audits



our difference 
our difference 

our difference overview
our story
our clients & industries

our field agents



blog


client login











we check all the boxes
trendsource helps companies manage and document their compliance by offering unbiased third-party inspections with rapid turnarounds, national coverage, and field agents known for professionalism.
how can we help you?

















compliance for employers
virtual i-9 verifications (plus e-verify!) for employers to rapidly onboard new hires, wherever they reside.
learn more












compliance for consumer reporting
unbiased, third-party inspections to help credit and background check resellers fulfill their due diligence obligations per the fair credit reporting act.
learn more












compliance for finance
reports and verifications to assist financial institutions with refinances or foreclosures.
learn more















experience and expertise matter

                    we've been doing this a long time, and we've learned what works and what doesn't to create efficient compliance management programs.
                




over 350 clients



4,000,000+ projects





25+ years experience



300,000+ field agents

















                                    "trendsource has been my organization's chosen vendor for all instore auditing and reporting for the past 10 plus years.  reporting is accurate, relevant, and timely.  ts project managers are responsive, efficient, effective, and professional.    they continuously recommend new ideas to improve processes and reporting;  their knowledge of hp programs  allows me to trust their insight and recommendations for new projects. recommending ts services to other teams and organizations within hp has never been an issue or concern."
                                    
ramona fontenot, direct map reporting & compliance, hp inc.





                                    "thanks for doing such a great job! you are truly a great partner!"
                                    
fortune 100 quick service restaurant company





                                    "the entire team is nothing short of amazing. they are very supportive and adapt well to the multiple changes/requests we make. keep up the outstanding work!"
                                    
fortune 100 grocery company





                                    "everyone that i have worked with at trendsource has been responsive and knowledgeable. our account manager is a valuable asset. he has managed to turn around programs that we were not sure had a chance of getting done in our limited time frames."
                                    
fortune 500 entertainment company





                                    "i really enjoy working with your company. our account manager is great and made the entire process of doing business easy and enjoyable. i will recommend your company to others in the industry. thank you!"
                                    
fortune 500 telecommunications company





                                    "over the past three years, trendsource has executed commercial property inspections for us throughout the u.s. and has continuously provided consistent and reliable results. trendsource's it and client services teams have proven to be consistently responsive to our needs as well as our own clients' requirements."
                                    
randy fuchs, principal - boxwood means inc.





                                    "we love trendsource because they have proven to be: quick in their turnarounds, thorough and timely on their visits, professional in how they treat our clients, and honest in how they conduct their business."
                                    
jeff meier, president - tenant screening center inc.





                                    "we give trendsource the highest marks as our experience with them has been excellent! everyone on the team is knowledgeable and very considerate. the team has a sense of urgency in getting back to you with answers to your questions. the system is easy to navigate and if you have any questions the team is always happy to help. the site inspectors are knowledgeable and professional to our branches and the results are provided in record time. thank you to the team for your excellent service!"
                                    
cherry creek mortgage co.





                                    "you have been incredibly responsive to any issues and needs. i appreciate the flexibility offered by your timelines."
                                    
fortune 500 restaurant company





                                    "trendsource has been a most valuable asset to truevaluation usa's continued growth in the field of both
                                    commercial and residential real estate evaluations.  the staff is highly professional and always willing
                                    to go above and beyond in even the most difficult inspection scenarios.  i recommend their services on
                                    a regular basis to counterparts and clients in the banking industry.  we can't praise them enough for
                                    their continued contribution to our success!"
                                    
matthew s. turner, managing partner - truevaluation usa























companies trust us







































































































































































tell us about your compliance needs

schedule a 20-minute call






trendsource corporate
trends blog
our difference
careers
certifications & memberships
community give back
faq's
contact us


onsite inspections
compliance for employers
compliance for consumer reporting
compliance for government
compliance for finance
onsite inspection client login
become an inspector
post-inspection survey



trusted insights
compliance for health care
compliance for retail


trendsource
3802 rosecrans st, pmb 370san diego, ca 92110
(619) 718-7467 | email us
privacy policy | terms of use

   
   
   
   






want to become a field agent? visit www.thesourceagents.com









© 2018 trendsource. all rights reserved.







x





















