




saugus.org:  non-profit saugus

































































saugus.org:  non-profit saugus










a quick guide to the non-profit organizations of saugus, massachusetts


         this web site provides links to the non-profit organizations in saugus
         (and even physically hosts a few).  this page is not intended for personal
         home pages or for for-profit pages.
         

         do you have a non-profit organization with a web site?  if you have the
         proper ".org" identifier
         let us know
         and we'll list you almost immediately.  if you don't have the proper
         identifier, we'll still probably list you, but it'll take a little longer.
         links are of course completely free.
         

         if your organization doesn't have a web site, we can't list it here;
         this site only lists non-profit organizations with online information.
         

         maintenance of this site is another free service of
         saugus.net, and
         while we'll do our best to ensure it stays up-to-date, we can only do it
         with your help.    likewise, if you're running a non-profit site
         and change its location, please drop us a line so we can keep your listing
         up-to-date.
         
current non-profit events

         local events can be freely posted and read in the
         saugus community events
         calendar.
         
forums

         there are a bunch of saugus-related
         forums available.  some are directly applicable to local non-profit
         organizations.  there is a dedicated
         saugus
         non-profit organizations forum plus a specific
         saugus high school
         alumni association forum.  the
         miscellaneous
         saugus society forum and
         saugus chat
         forum are also sometimes relevant.
         











 





web



www.saugus.org





www.saugus.net



news.saugus.net


















your browser is extremely out-of-date. saugus.org will work better for you if you
             upgrade your browser.

a gathering of memories:
a site dedicated to the book of the same title. features cover art, table of contents listing, and more.

friends of breakheart reservation:
a volunteer organization dedicated to the preservation and improvement of both breakheart reservation and camp nihan.

friends of saugus town hall:
a volunteer organization dedicated to the preservation and improvement of both breakheart reservation and camp nihan.

hammersmith quilters guild:
an extremely active quilting club based out of saugus.

independent home inspectors of north america:
this national organization is headquartered in saugus.  its members have all signed a no conflict of interest pledge.

newton's library:
originally based in sweden, this free library of e-books is now located in saugus.

of time and the river:
a site dedicated to the book of the same title. features cover art, table of contents listing, and more.

saint margaret's parish:
st. margaret's church is a catholic church located in cliftondale square, saugus.

saugus bsa troop 61:
boy scout troop 61 of saugus.

saugus business partnership:
the saugus business partnership works with businesses, other organizations, and government to improve the quality of life in saugus.

saugus coalition for the homeless:
the saugus chapter of the massachusetts coalition for the homeless.

saugus high school alumni association:
the official alumni organization of saugus high school.

saugus historical society:
established in 1928, the society strives to both cultivate an interest in the history of the town and collect & preserve all matter pertaining to the town's history and citizenry.

saugus knights of columbus:
saugus council 1829 of the knights of columbus.

saugus lions club:
this is the saugus branch of lions club international.

saugus.net:
the official home page for saugus, massachusetts.

saugus.org:
this site, of course!

saugus river watershed council:
an organization concerned with the health and beauty of the saugus river and its watershed.

saugus rotary club:
this is the saugus branch (district 7930, club #6631) of the international rotary club.

saugus ymca:
the saugus branch of the ymca builds strong kids, strong families, and a strong community.

save:
the saugus action volunteers for the environment organized and incorporated in 1973 "to promote a better quality of life in saugus through environmental concern and action".














web page design by saugus.net

copyright © 1998-2025 saugus.net







