





 



home english - cell science systems – alcattest





































 

















 





 providers  overview  application areas sensitivity vs allergy gut associated is pathomechanism how it works studies / education faqs   test options  special offers special packages test modules chemical sensitivity fee schedule   how to order  open your account how to order customer service speciman handling faqs   test results  result overview interpretation support guide patient support     
 


 patients  overview  why you should test alcat test health benefits sensitivity vs allergy how it works cells & chronic inflammation faqs   test options  special offer/packs how to order quick request additional info fee schedule   how to order  ordering testing procedure good to know speciman handling faqs   your results  result overview interpretation /support your responsibility free consulation     
 


 science  science  background information alcat target cells innate immunity activation inflammation /disease process     contact  general contact about us legal disclosure data protection gtc    
 


 




 providers  overview test options ordering tests test results contact providers   patients  overview test options how to order test results patients contact patients   science general contact  gtc legal disclosure data protection   deutsch english 

 
    


   tel. +49 331 7400 880















identifyfood intolerances with the alcat cell reaction test

 providers
 patients


 providers test offers
 patients test offers


food & chemical sensitivity the immune cell as an indicator of an inflammatory reaction: the primary focus of our laboratory is the determination of nutritional factors that can influence immune balance, fitness and health – on a functional cellular level. the alcat test is based on the principle that chronic inflammation is maintained in the body when immune cells respond with defence reactions to daily nutritional components. the quality of food is of course essential, but individual tolerance is equally critical. food sensitivity testing is used as a nutritional therapy to improve chronic inflammatory diseases and autoimmunity – as well as for prevention and for the optimization of health, fitness, and individual well-being.


 click here for test options



“usually, neither the patients nor their physicians have suspected food allergy as the root of their problem because most food allergy, by its very nature, is masked and hidden. it is hidden from the patient, hidden from his or her family, and hidden from the medical profession in general.[…] in the case of food allergy, the source of the problem is literally in front of you, in the form of some commonly eaten substance that is bringing on and perpetuating chronic symptoms“  *please note that dr. theron randolph (1906-1995 – allergist and pioneer of food and chemical hypersensitivity) referred to as, “food allergies” we now call food sensitivities, or, intolerances. 
personalized diet


each person has individual nutritional and dietary needs. without adequate nutrition, health and well-being are hardly possible. the alcat nutrition concept is not about substitution, but about the equally important question of which foods or additives are potentially harmful for a person.

independent studies of universities, e.g. yale school of medicine, university of northern illinois, baylor medical college and university of pavia, support the effectiveness of the alcat test and that the direct cell defense is a scientifically substantiated way to explore immunologically complex and often time-delayed sensitivities.



summary laboratory services





alcat = leukocyte activation test
the alcat blood test measures changes in immune cells associated with their activation (potentially pro-inflammatory immune cell reactions when confronted with food substances)


personalized dietary change
patients receive an individual diet concept based on the laboratory data to avoid potentially inflammation-promoting nutritional influences


large selection of test panels and combinations 
in addition to up to 250 foods, we offer comprehensive and flexible basic and advanced test modules with a total of up to 500 test substances (additives, drugs, molds, biogenic amines, medicinal herbs that may be used in supplements)



science
the alcat test is validated by independent double-blind clinical and analytical studies


committed to quality
guaranteed organic food antigens, production under strict cgmp and fda requirements


prevention, fitness, inflammation driven symptoms
intestinal & skin symptoms, obesity, diabetes ii, cardiovascular diseases, fatty liver, arthritis, headaches, chronic fatigue, etc. may correlate with chronic inflammation and an overactivated immune system





 validated at institutions such as yale school of medicine: „the alcat test is precise and effective“ prof. dr. w. z. mehal, yale school of medicine; prof. of medicine (digestive diseases); director of  yale weight loss program; director of yale fatty liver disease program



gluten intolerance 
gluten intolerance & sensitivity › learn everything about non-celiac gluten sensitivity! symptoms, chronic inflammation, solutions, link to mental health, and the role of food intolerance.

gut health
how to improve gut health naturally › intestinal disorders and inflammation: causes, early signs, diet, prevention, solutions and tips for chronic and autoimmune bowel disease. 

immune system 
boost immunity naturally › what is stressing the immune system and how can it be unburdened? – nutrition, chronic inflammation, detox, tips, home remedies and much more.



+++ disclaimer +++
the alcat test is to be understood as a nutritional concept and health consultation of complementary nutritional therapy and is not a disease diagnosis or healing method. nutrition alone is not a substitute for careful diagnosis and medical care in case of illness. the alcat test should therefore be carried out in consultation with a healthcare professional in the case of a pre-existing illness. this practitioner can integrate the alcat test into the treatment plan in an integrative and compatible manner. however, a healthy diet according to the alcat principle can easily be used for prevention. we emphasize that the alcat test does not measure parameters of the specific immune system, i.e. no antibody levels are measured and it is not an ltt /lymphocyte transformation test, but cell-mediated food-related hypersensitivities are examined, which are mainly mediated by the innate immune system. thus, the alcat test does not diagnose food allergies (type 1/ige – allergies have to be avoided!) and no enzymatically caused intolerances to e.g. lactose, fructose or histamine. it is possible that the innate immune system may be activated at the same time despite existing classical allergy or intolerance and therefore does not exclude cell-mediated pro-inflammatory reactivity as measured by the alcat test. the alcat test is not an igg test – we explicitly distance ourselves from antibody tests of igg class(es).



 cell science systems, corp. 852 s military trail deerfield beach, 33442 florida, usa info@alcat.com mo-fr. 8 am until 6 pm (est-time) cell science systems corp. (css) is a specialty clinical laboratory that develops and performs testing in immunology, serology, cell biology, and other specialties supporting the personalized treatment and prevention of chronic disease.gtc legal disclosure data protection 


cookie-zustimmung verwalten 
wir verwenden cookies, um unsere website und unseren service zu optimieren.



funktional



funktional

always active							





 die technische speicherung oder der zugang ist unbedingt erforderlich für den rechtmäßigen zweck, die nutzung eines bestimmten dienstes zu ermöglichen, der vom teilnehmer oder nutzer ausdrücklich gewünscht wird, oder für den alleinigen zweck, die übertragung einer nachricht über ein elektronisches kommunikationsnetz durchzuführen.



vorlieben


vorlieben






 die technische speicherung oder der zugriff ist für den rechtmäßigen zweck der speicherung von präferenzen erforderlich, die nicht vom abonnenten oder benutzer angefordert wurden.



statistiken


statistiken






 die technische speicherung oder der zugriff, der ausschließlich zu statistischen zwecken erfolgt. die technische speicherung oder der zugriff, der ausschließlich zu anonymen statistischen zwecken verwendet wird. ohne eine vorladung, die freiwillige zustimmung deines internetdienstanbieters oder zusätzliche aufzeichnungen von dritten können die zu diesem zweck gespeicherten oder abgerufenen informationen allein in der regel nicht dazu verwendet werden, dich zu identifizieren.



marketing


marketing






 die technische speicherung oder der zugriff ist erforderlich, um nutzerprofile zu erstellen, um werbung zu versenden oder um den nutzer auf einer website oder über mehrere websites hinweg zu ähnlichen marketingzwecken zu verfolgen. manage options manage services manage {vendor_count} vendors read more about these purposes cookies akzeptieren nur funktionale cookies einstellungen anzeigen einstellungen speichern einstellungen anzeigen {title} {title} {title}zustimmung verwalten






















