






 



epilepsy foundation of idaho















































































 









skip to content






epilepsy foundation of idaho


about usour team  learnseizure & epilepsy types seizure first aid sudep find a doctor education portal f.a.q.  programs & servicesepilepsy management & support camp hope young warriors program scholarship opportunities  eventsannual gala sharon’s ride.run.walk  giving resourceswebinar community involvement  
donate




about usour team  learnseizure & epilepsy types seizure first aid sudep find a doctor education portal f.a.q.  programs & servicesepilepsy management & support camp hope young warriors program scholarship opportunities  eventsannual gala sharon’s ride.run.walk  giving resourceswebinar community involvement  









 


 


 


 


 


learn more 
							welcome  
							the epilepsy foundation idaho 
							













advocating for the 17,000+ individuals living with epilepsy in idaho.





upcoming events













 

19 february
2025



young warriors: boise








 

25 february
2025



adult support group: boise








 

04 may
2025



sharon’s ride.run.walk 2025








 

25 - 27 july
2025



camp hope








 

20 october
2025



charity night at bardenay eagle








 

08 november
2025



winter wonderland annual gala






 






how many people live with epilepsy?




facts about epilepsy and seizures


65 millionnumber of people around the world who have epilepsy.3.4 millionnumber of people in the u.s who have epilepsy.1 in 26people in the u.s will develop epilepsy at some point in their lifetime.4 and 10 out of 1,000number of people on earth who live with active seizures at any one point.150,000number of new cases of epilepsy in the u.s each year.one-thirdnumber of epeople who live with uncontrollable seizures because existing medications do not work for them.6 out of 10number of people with epilepsy where the cause is unknown.


camp hope
2025




registration for campers & volunteers now open!
 


camp hope is a unique, positive free camp experience for idaho kids ages 10-16 living with epilepsy, offering the chance to build friendships, gain confidence, and have fun in a safe environment. enjoy activities like archery, biking, crafts, a glow party, workshops, and more!
 

learn more!




















morgan mcgee scholarship fund




2025 applications are open!
 
we are pleased to offer the morgan mcgee scholarship fund which was established to not only honor morgan’s legacy, but to help students with epilepsy reach their full potential. this opportunity is for high school seniors and college students living with epilepsy in idaho.
 
learn more





community programs





seizure first aid certification 
seizure first aid certification training is offered online by the epilepsy foundation of america with instructor-led webinars. to take an online class: register by clicking on the registration link. (if you are taking the training with others, each person needs to register separately.) this certification lasts two years.
 
learn more





young warriors
at young warriors, we understand the unique challenges that come with epilepsy, and we believe that every child deserves an opportunity to explore, learn, and have fun in a safe and supportive environment. our aim is to empower children with epilepsy and create a sense of belonging, while fostering friendships and boosting self-confidence.
 
learn more













support the foundationdonateabout us

our team

epilepsy basics

seizure & epilepsy types

seizure first aid & training

sudep
find a doctor

education portal

faqs

programs & services

epilepsy management & discussion

epilepsy summer camp
young warriors program

scholarship opportunities

schedule of events

resources

webinars

newsletter






 








© 2025 epilepsy idaho. all rights reserved.


useful linkssite bythrive web designs








go to top





















































































