



witchcraft - world of witches, wicca and spells























menu
toggle navigation







witchcraft home

beginner witchcraft

how to learn witchcraft
how to do witchcraft
witchcraft books and resources



witchcraft history

origin of witchcraft
elizabethan age witchcraft
egyptian witchcraft
scarab and witchcraft
medieval witchcraft
native american witchcraft
traditional witchcraft


witch
wicca
wicca gods and goddesses
witchcraft dictionary

witchcraft spells

free witchcraft spells
wiccan spells
constructive spells
consecration / purification spells
free love spells
witchcraft magic spells
harry potter spells



articles of interest

hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry
harry potter and the deathly hallows
witch craft tools
witchcraft and christianity
witchcraft and sorcery
witch craft and magick
witchcraft and meditation
salem witch craft trial
sabbats and rituals
crafty witches
witch craft news

















 home
 



witchcraft the wonderful craft of the modern day witch 

do you want to be a witch?
        witches have not  received good publicity. witches always end up to be the bad guys in television  shows, movies, and books. but witchcraft is not evil. it is a religion and way  of life. it is the craft with only the utmost respect for mother nature. they  may possess supernatural abilities and can perform rituals that are out of the  ordinary but they are not what the society pictures them to be. if you are one  of those that believe in the witches’ religion and craft then there are ways  you can do to start your path in becoming a witch.
         
first thing of  course is to do a lot of research. 
everything at first is about the  fundamentals and less of the practical applications. this is to equip your mind  of the basics and what to expect when you become successful in becoming a  witch. this is also a good way to think of what you want over and over again.
        after reading  everything about witches and witchcraft, you should be able to embrace it.  witches love and respect mother nature. that includes everything and everyone  living in it. you should be able to be in sync with the environment because it  will be your guide throughout your journey in becoming a witch.
        next would be  finding a place that you feel belong with. 
like an artisan in his workshop,  this place will be your haven- the one place where you can do all your rituals  freely and without disturbance. you should also make sure that the place you  will choose feels right. it will serve as your best friend so make sure that it  flows with you.
        make your own  book of shadows. this book is like the personal journal of witches. this is  where they write their experiences and the knowledge they have acquired over  the years. your very own book of shadows will be filled with spells and rituals  that you can use as reference and will be with you forever.
        live the  witches’ life by experiencing magick and practicing spells. this defines  witches. witches can do spells and rituals that can help lift away pain, can  protect from harm, etc. you do not need to be frustrated when you cannot do  complicated spells at first because it is not possible. always start with the  basics because this will build the foundation of your becoming a witch.

        becoming a witch  is a choice. it may have been a family legacy in the ancient history but  because of circumstances, the legacy has stopped and so nowadays, the practice  of witchcraft is a result of great respect for mother nature. and so if you  really want to become a witch make sure that your ideals and principles are  intact because this craft is not to be taken lightly. this is a way of life for  some, a religion even. and so be 100% sure when you start taking your path in  learning witchcraft because from this day on everything should be done  wholeheartedly.
 

free daily horoscopes provided by psychic.com.au
 
wicca

			when witchcraft is practised as a religion, it is called by the old english term for witch, wicca. this term is used to counter all the negative stereotypes that society has given witchcraft. wicca is primarily a religion that worships nature, and sees all creation as sacred. in fact, all wiccan holy days follow the cycles of nature and the changes in the seasons. wicca also worships both a male and female deity, a female goddess and a male god, who had together created the world and everything in it.

black and white witchcraft
witchcraft is neither black nor white. witchcraft is a religion that respects mother nature and she is neither completely positive or completely negative, this is the same for witches. 
witchcraft spells
spells are used by wiccans, and are a series of rituals and prayers that are conducted in witchcraft to ask for divine help in a certain aspect of life. all spells must adhere to the wiccan rede, the witchcraft code of conduct, meaning that any spells used to manipulate, dominate or control another person is forbidden. in witchcraft, spells may also be changed or adapted to suit a wiccan’s personality or specific wishes in casting the spell. in this site there are a range of free spells to practise at home.
witchcraft book - the book of shadows 
a good book of shadows will serve as a witch craft reference guide a place where you keep tables and correspondences, spells and rituals that you’d like to try, divinatory meanings and many other things of that nature.
the wiccan rules (rede)
the wiccan rede is the rule of conduct that all witches must follow while practising witchcraft. it rules that a witch may engage in any action, as long as it is carefully considered, and their actions harm nobody, including themselves. witchcraft is ruled by the threefold law, which is the belief that any action taken by any witch that affects another person, will come back to the witch threefold, whether it be harm or good.



beginner witchcraft, paganism, spellcraft and magic
			to some, these words have no place outside of fairytales and films; they’re figments of overactive imaginations that don’t belong in the “real world”.  yet to those who believe in them; witches, they're symbols of pride and a sacred heritage that spans thousands of years. 
        who or what are witches?  is there such a thing as magic?  
 











links




home | beginner witchcraft | witchcraft history | witchcraft spells | witchcraft magick | salem witchcraft | wicca | privacy policy | terms of use
copyright © witchcraft.com.au 2020 all rights reserved




