







acgil: erp solutions for manufacturing, real estate, hospitals & epc























































making business paperless
through the power of erp applications for


manufacturers, traders, distributors & retailers
real estate, infrastructure, epc, construction 
hospitals, diagnosis centers & chain of labs




request a demo

























we are internationally certified with








                    capability and maturity level 3
                    






                    it service management
                    






                    information security
                    






                    quality management systems
                    






                    health informaticselectronic health record architecture
                    






                    health informaticsinformation security management
                    














what we have



our products










manufacturingerp


customized cloud hosted erp solution from acgil is suitable for all sized manufacturing companies...



learn more










supply chain management (scm)


fully integrated supply chain management software to manage supply chain planning, inventory,...



learn more










crm - lead management & service management


online crm software is an integrated system that manages sales and marketing relation, qc services,...



learn more










erp for real estate, epc & infra companies


online erp for construction by acgil is a reliable business management software that caters...



learn more










hospital management system (hmis)


hospital management information system (hmis or his) is primarily meant...



learn more










calibration / testinglabs


best calibration management software to manage calibration & testing labs activities smartly...



learn more










buying houseagencies


cloud erp solution for buying house and agency that provide alerts for time & activity (tna), generate...



learn more










solid, liquid / hazardouswaste management erp


acgil offers an integrated erp solution covering effluent treatment plant, solid waste disposal, analytical...



learn more















our clients
























 click to view all













                our solution basket
              

software solutions for all industries


our mx-erp solution is custom-built to fit into a specific requirement. it could include:

erp software
crm software
project management software
content management system
marketing automation software
human resource management software 
enterprise asset management software
enterprise mobility management software
enterprise business intelligence software
enterprise internal communication management software

mx-erp – enables an existing business process 'as is' with "to be" to fit around the specific problems. mx-erp – delivers rich functionality to a wider range of business processes with end-to-end. mx-erp – provides a transformational platform to solve specific existing a future business problems.


 learn more
































                usp of our solutions
              

we provide truly prominent it solutions for your success



optimum use of menpower resource
ease in operations
first-time-right operations 100%
built to grow
seemlessly integrated solution
single system for all operations




















what people say about us



our happy clients







acg infotech limited (acgil) has delivered a fully customized “electra hospital information system (his)” at our ayodhya eye hospital and other locations at basti (hospital), khalilabad (hospital), kumar ganj (vision-centre) and tanda (vision-centre). the delivered his is fully customized and acceptable to our management as fully compliant with terms of agreement. more...

mr. manish bansal (ca) ayodhya eye hospital,(eye care hospital in ayodhya, u.p. india)








this is to be certified that m/s acg infotech limited have successfully supplied, installed and implemented their “hospital management software (hms)” on my premises and server. we have no reservations in recommending them to any person/hospitals that we know or ask our recommendations for them. we are looking forward to have a long term relationship with m/s acg infotech limited. more...

dr. milind patil shobha nursing home pvt. ltd.,(indo-german ivf centre & post graduate institute)solapur, maharashtra, india








this is to be certified that m/s acg infotech limited have successfully supplied, installed and implemented their “hospital management software (hms)” on my premises and server. we have no reservations in recommending them to any person/hospitals that we know or ask our recommendations for them. we are looking forward to have a long term relationship. more...

mr. dinesh keshetrimayum(assistant general manager)raj medicity,(formerly raj polyclinic)north a.o.c., imphal west, manipur, india








this is to acknowledge that dr. satish khune had been to the focos hospital, accra, ghana on behalf of acg infotech limited, new delhi from november to december 2011. his purpose of the visit was to implement a hmis (hospital management & information system) at focos hospital (foundation for orthopaedics & complex spine), accra which has its operational base in new york, united states. more...

mr. leticia osei – poku (chief administrative officer)focos(foundation for orthopaedics & complex spine)accra, ghana








i appreciate m/s acg infotech ltd. for the successful development and installation of the first intranet based stores inventory management software in our centre. as of now i am highly satisfied with the cooperation rendered of this firm in understanding the government setup like us and making a system capable of integrating various stores (5 major stores) of our centre. more...

dr. t.velpandian (officer-in-charge & associate professor), computer facility (dr.rpcentre)dr. rajendra prasad centre for ophthalmic sciencesaiims (all india institute of medical sciences),new delhi






























send your requirements and request for an online demo.




industry
healthcare
veterinary labs
manufacturing
construction/epc
trading
dealer/distribution
retailer
calibration lab
buying house























 click here






















































