


home - nashville corvette club


























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twittermember loginmenuhome event calendar club events & outings car shows track events museum notes photo albums member signup / info our sponsors club supported charities contact us for sale reset id or password






download & print

president’s corner – january/february 2025
 



welcome to 2025!

as i start the new year as the new president of ncc, let me begin by reviewing some of my background as a long-time club member. i’ve been a 20-year member and have served as chairman of several committees. i’ve also served on the board a few times when the board was larger. i’ve also led many events over the years other than those as a board member or committee chairman.
 
i’m looking forward to a busy upcoming schedule for the new year. although it begins in the middle of winter, not the best corvette season, one event that i know is always popular is our annual st. valentine’s day cruise. this year it is scheduled for feb.22, so be sure and sign up at the january meeting. this is one of our largest cruises every year, so please sign up so we can give the restaurant a head count. otherwise please let mark know if you’re going to attend.
 
we are in need of a membership chairperson as we enter the new year. please let me know if anyone is interested in this important position. once it is initially set up, with help from the former chairperson or a board member, it will be the chairperson’s task to update the membership monthly.
 
roger boychektime to start cruisin'!looking to show off that 'vette?  check out some local car shows and cruise-ins!view car showsview track eventsslideshow2024 gallatin christmas paradeslideshow2024 backroads cruise to crawdaddy'sslideshow2024 club renewal picnicslideshow2024 charity car showour sponsors








home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









