














home | foamsource





















      skip to main content
    








foamsource




main navigation



mattresses 


shop


foamsource natural latex mattresses


our most popular latex mattress


custom mattresses made to order


natural talalay latex mattresses


natural dunlop latex mattresses




info


new research into sleep health


the world's finest mattress


caring for a natural latex mattress


the health benefits of sleeping well


natural latex certificates






toppers 


shop


talalay latex mattress topper


organic merino wool topper


washable natural wool toppers




info


the benefits of natural latex toppers


tips to improve your current mattress


discover natural and organic bedding






custom foam 


shop


price & order custom foam online


custom natural latex cushions




info


building a custom foam cushion


custom foam cushions for rvs & boats


choose 100% natural talalay latex






accessories 


shop


natural and organic pillows


natural and organic bedding


custom platform frames




info


discover natural and organic bedding


choose the right pillow for great sleep 






resources 


shop


our most popular latex mattress


our most popular latex topper


our most popular latex pillow




info


shipping fees and return policy


information resources


blog posts


sleep news on facebook









toggle navigation








social


 


 


 


 

















contact







1-800-255-0181









 






cart / 0 items
















 









home










 















custom mattresses and cushions
family owned and operated since 1985. we build 100% natural latex mattresses in standard and custom sizes, custom foam mattresses and cushions for your home, rv or camper. our products also include latex mattress toppers, natural bedding, and custom platform frames. 

questions or assistance please call   


1-800-255-0181 or 1-303-444-4411
 








the foamsource difference
 

foamsource is a family owned business dedicated to delivering unparalleled personal service to our customers, offering products that use only the highest quality materials. we have been designing our own latex mattresses and building custom foam products since 1985.
we have decades of experience in helping our customers to the best possible foam choices for their custom mattresses and cushions. we have designed and built thousands of of custom mattresses and cushions for rvs, boats, window seats, couches and chairs. when it comes to custom shapes, we can cut foam from your templates or diagrams.
our customers consider our current line of nu-lex 100% natural latex mattresses to be the finest natural mattresses available for purity, comfort and durability. we offer expert assistance in determining the correct mattress style and firmness options for each person's comfort preferences.
ordering online or looking for pricing, our custom cushion interface makes ordering or pricing custom foam for mattresses and cushions a click away.







 












 



















foamsource specializes in custom mattresses
design your mattress with our experienced staff


foamsource builds premium quality custom mattresses, cushions and mattress toppers in sizes to fit your rv, boat, cabin, or european frames.


pick from a wide variety of polyurethane foams, memory foam, and natural latex. we can create layered mattresses from any combination of these materials.


we can cut the angles necessary for custom rv and boat mattresses, cushions or mattress toppers from customer supplied templates or diagrams.


we have decades of experience in designing custom mattresses from a wide variety of materials. our design services are free of charge.



shop




















foamsource latex mattresses
layering options create the perfect individual firmness


our 100% natural talalay latex mattresses are the result of over 35 years of experience designing latex mattresses.


they feature the finest botanical latex with no synthetic content covered in organic cotton with wool batting from the woolgatherer carding mill.


our unique layering options have evolved over the years to create the most comfortable and adjustable natural latex mattresses designs available.


simply the finest mattresses available for purity, comfort and durability, with a wide variety of firmness options to create the perfect mattress for every individual!



shop











 
























 



















price and order custom foam online


at foamsource you can custom build cushions and mattresses and have them shipped straight to you.


order the perfect cushion for your rv, boat berths, camping pads, mattresses, or cushions to restore an old sofa or chair.


we can cut the angles necessary for custom rv and boat mattresses and cushions from customer supplied templates or diagrams.


choose from a wide variety of foam densities and styles and enter the dimensions of your cushions for pricing.


we offer 100% natural latex, memory foam and a wide range of polyurethane foams for all your custom cushions needs.



shop












 












“we always use foamsource for custom made rv mattresses and cushions.  the goal at dbr vans is to find optimal comfort in the limited space of a camper van - often in odd shapes and sizes.  the wide choice in materials and knowledgeable staff has always made our clients well rested, happy campers."
jay droeger - dbr vans boulder, co











 







foamsource products














 





natural latex mattresses
simply the most comfortable latex mattress designs available featuring our premium 100% natural talalay latex with no synthetic content. 

shop












 





latex mattress topper
our mattress toppers are 100% natural talalay latex. they relieve pressure points by adding the comfort of latex to your current mattress. 

shop












 





price & order custom foam online
custom mattresses and cushions are the ideal solution for rvs, boats, campers and window seats, or to restore an old sofa or chair.

shop



















 





custom platform frames
platform frames are made to order from natural red oak or hard maple. they offer great value, wonderful designs and high quality.

shop












 





organic and natural bedding
our bedding collection offers a broad selection of wool mattress toppers and pads, waterproof wool pads, wool comforters and cotton sheets. 

shop












 





natural and organic pillows
choose from a variety of solid latex pillows, shredded latex pillows, organic wool pillows and adjustable natural wool pillows.

shop












































information
return policy
faq
shipping fees
privacy policy
contact







about
about us














contact us
contact form >
1-303-444-4411
1-800-255-0181















 








 








 


















































