













detroit: the history and future of the motor city









associations & clubs 


books about detroit 


cemeteries 


commercial
          buildings 


education 


entertainment & culture 


      government 


historic residences 






historic districts & landmarks 
 
hotels & 
      inns 
industry 
medical 
facilities


military detroit &
          war of 1812
          bicentennial 
multi-unit 
        housing 

public
          art and
 sculpture





racial history
religious sites
sites linked to 
          detroit, but 
      away from the city
recreation
transportation



no city played a larger role in shaping the twentieth century
    than detroit. the most popular mode of local transportation was perfected
    in the motor
      city, revolutionizing where people lived, how they got to work, when they
      shopped and how they took vacations. vehicles designed and built in detroit
      drastically improved living standards and fundamentally altered how we
      live. the modern blue-collar middle class is largely a detroit creation.
      it emerged after decades of struggles between capitalists and their workers.
      thanks to detroit’s powerful unions, fortunate workers expect paid
      medical care, vacations, unemployment compensation, retirement payments
      and wage increases indexed to inflation. 

    the united states defeated the
      german and japanese dictators in world war ii because detroit truly became
      the “arsenal of democracy.” the tremendous wealth that entrepreneurs
      amassed in detroit in the late 19th and early 20th centuries led to a
      building boom that gave detroit an array of magnificent structures illustrating
      the ken of architects who reshaped urban america between the 1890s and
      the depression. perhaps only new york and chicago have more buildings representing
      the best of early twentieth century architecture. detroit is a city of
      immigrants as can be seen by the beautiful churches and synagogues each
      group built shortly after arrival. it is also a city of attractive leafy
      neighborhoods, numerous parks, and the nation’s most appealing international
  boundary.
despite its glorious history of prosperity,
            technological innovations, striking buildings, and cultural creativity
            in the arts and music,
          following the 1967 racial violence, detroit became the most negatively
          stereotyped city in the country. these hostile views
            mask a vibrant and increasingly racially integrated city that is
            confronting the herculean
          challenge facing rust belt metropolises: what happens when manufacturing
          jobs disappear? it is not that blue-collar industries have ceased to
          exist. they have not. detroit remains axis mundi for automotive
          technology and many vehicles are assembled in and near detroit. three
          modern steel
          mills operate here. but they now employ few blue-collar workers.
this website offers an interpretation of the history of metropolitan
          detroit linked to informed speculations about its future. it provides
          information about achievements that occurred here as well as about
          conflicts that made detroit a metropolis polarized by race and economic
          class.
author's note: i
              have enjoyed assembling this website. if you have suggestions for
              additions, please
        let me          know. if you note errors in my descriptions,        please
        send an e-mail.
feel free to contribute
        a webpage for this site!!
 















interested people have visited this website since january 26, 2014
websites counter


contact us!
renf@umich.edu or judym@umich.edu
http://www.detroit1701.org
  



