





















swenson gardens




swenson gardens is now open for 2025 ordering!



show menu




exclusive seedlings
our new seedlings
intersectionals
garden peonies
new for 2025
giftcertificates












our new seedlings
looking for a new retail peony variety division? swenson gardens is for you. we specialize in unique world class peony hybrids. herbaceous hybrid, lactiflora and intersectional hybrid or itoh hybrid peonies are our one-of-a-kind creations. we also carry roger f anderson’s retail peony seedlings. gorgeous, unique peonies are our specialty.
see our new seedlings







worldclass hybridizer
at swenson gardens, we continue to hybridize exciting new intersectional (itoh’s) hybrids, herbaceous hybrids, and lactiflora peonies.



chemical-free grower
grandma and grandpa never used chemicals so why should we? taking care of our creator’s earth provides the best possible peonies.



peonies that don't flop
for the best landscaping appeal, look for our no staking peonies, marked as “ns.” almost all of our peonies are bred for stem strength.








our new exclusive seedlings
peony enthusiasts, growers and resellers can now purchase the entire root stock of 3- to 4-year-old adult plants. these were hybridized by us and tested in our fields to provide you with your own unique variety. no one in the world will have these! we can divide the plants per your instructions and ship or available for pick up.
see all our new exclusive seedlings









intersectionals
intersectionals, also known as intersectional hybrid or itoh hybrid peonies, are truly the next generation of peonies. these strong-stemmed plants are a cross between a tree peony and a garden peony. they look spectacular, and are easy to grow. think tree peony flower and foliage on a garden peony stem that can be cut down in the fall.
see all intersectionals








garden peonies
garden varieties are some of the most popular peonies and are enjoyed around the world. heirloom and new varieties are grown here for all types of peony enthusiasts. these versatile plants offer a wide range of bloom times, so you can enjoy peonies over an extended season. their appeal is exquisite, both in your landscape and bouquet.
see all garden peonies






how to order
peonies are shipped or picked up in the fall. don’t miss out!
see how to order


peony care
proper peony care is vital to the health and longevity of your plants.
get tips & watch our video


announcements
swenson gardens is open for 2025!






explore

we love peonies
plant a peony how-to video
how to divide a peony video
contact us
about us
how to order
printable order form
peony care
faqs
blog



helpful links

answers to your minnesota gardening questions
minnesota peony society
american peony society
minnesota master gardeners program
yew dell gardens
usda plant hardiness zone map



about us
swenson gardens is truly a family affair! love for peonies came from their grandparents many years ago. the swenson family love arose after seeing the vibrant yellow color of bartzella in bloom, a plant that still stands to be a family favorite. in 2002, they planted their first commercial bare-root peonies on 1 ½ acres of leased land. after five years of caring for the plants and learning more about the market, they decided to cast a bigger vision. in 2007, they purchased a 40-acre farm near howard lake, minnesota where they now nurture thousands of peony plants in hundreds of different varieties. growing peonies without chemicals, fungicides, and pesticides has been a mainstay of their business since the beginning. now, swenson gardens is the largest chemical-free peony grower in the world. plenty of hard work and love goes into growing peonies the natural way, god’s way.
read more



© 2025 swenson gardens all rights reserved.











