





























the royal photographic society - home - rps























                your web browser is out of date. update your browser for more security, speed and the best experience on this site.
            

                find out more
            






                    your browser doesn't have javascript enabled. the site may not display or function as intended. re-enable javascript to get the best experience.
                






                a javascript execution error has occurred somewhere on this page. the page may not function as intended. try refreshing before continuing.
            














menu




what's on


qualifications


opportunities


resources


support us


about



more…







                            events
                        




                        search
                    






                                    login ↗
                                






                        become a member
                    









credit:

                    honey j walker arps
                




                    join the rps
                        
                            become a member
                        


get the rps journal, improve your photography, earn qualifications and more


                        find out more
                        










the rps is an educational charity committed to bringing photography to everyone. founded when photography was in its infancy, today we are a world-leading photographic community.
#photographyforeveryone






                            join 
                            




                            newsletter 
                            




                            visit us 
                            




                            about the rps 
                            




                            exhibitions 
                            



















credit: mat hay 





                                announcing the ipe166 exhibitors 
                            

international photography exhibition 166 

exhibition



discover the featured artists for the international photography exhibition 166, the world’s longest-running contemporary photography exhibition. featuring the powerful work of 51 international photographers, selected from over 4,000 artists, exploring themes of environmental issues, identity, community, family, and culture.











credit: alisa martynova





                                rps documentary photography awards
                            

rps gallery bristol | 17 january – 9 march 2025

exhibition



the documentary photography awards (dpa) is organised by the royal photographic society's documentary group. the rps documentary group has run the awards, this edition changes the focus to a broader celebration and recognition of documentary photography from around the world.











credit: robert harvey arps





                                explore our upcoming workshops
                            

january and february

education



from wildlife photography to building your own website we have a whole range of workshops for you to explore. 















patron: hrh the princess of walesincorporated by royal charter







twitter





facebook





instagram





rss feed





contact


terms and conditions


privacy policy


cookies


#photographyforeveryone



© 2025 the royal photographic society. registered charity number: 1107831.










