call nowan innovative approach to residential treatmentpq  provides licensed and accredited residential mental healthcare on hawaii island. we integrate evidence based clinical modalities, psychiatry, nature based interventions, and whole person wellness. 
about pacific questadolescentsage 13-17: helping kids realize their potential.
at pacific quest, we take a strengths-based approach to help our students get to the roots of their challenges, learn sustainable skills, and realize their resilience and ability.
adolescents programyoung adultsage 18-24: giving young adults a new beginning.
on the big island of hawaii, we create a safe space to practice new, sustainable life skills under the supervision of our integrated team of clinical, therapeutic, and wellness specialists.
young adults programour missionpacific quest cultivates change in our residents, families, employees and community.
clinical programsa versatile community of professionalsour dedicated team of clinicians, physicians, therapists, psychiatrists, nurses, and nutritionists work collaboratively to create individualized treatment plans. every family and student is assigned a primary therapist who guides this process from beginning to end, ensuring a seamless and impactful experience.
meet the pq teamwhat sets pq apartpq is licensed by the hawaii state department of health as a therapeutic living program.pq is accredited as residential treatment by the commission on accreditation of rehabilitation facilities (carf), which is an independent, nonprofit organization that serves as an accrediting body in the health and human services industry worldwide.pq is accredited by cognia, which is a non-profit, non-governmental organization that accredits schools and learning curriculum throughout the united states and internationally.established in 2004pacific quest represents the evolution of wilderness therapy. our behavioral health program integrates nature’s healing capabilities and a residential program’s clinical resources and safety. we use horticultural therapy, individualized experiences, and a treatment approach that prioritizes whole-person wellness. through these tools, our program equips young people to lead better, more fulfilling lives.
located on the big island of hawaii, our program is rooted in connection to nature and sustainable growth. growtheach young person at pacific quest learns to navigate life transitions—both now and in the future. `changeour wellness program centers on the mind-body connection and provides tools for young people to care for both.wellnessour son had a very positive and transformative experience at pacific quest last summer. the staff was very skilled and professional and helped him get on his way to a healthy and postitive future!-leigh oapply808-937-5806301 kalanianaole ave., hilo, hi 96720get involveddonatepq foundationcareersresourcesmedia gallerydiagnostic libraryfaqvolcano updatelegalcovid-19privacy policyapply now

