


need help dealing with grief? - griefshare











































find a group
healing
mygriefshare
host a group
leaderzone








log in




















need help dealing with grief?

  griefshare grief & loss support groups are here for you
    




  find a griefshare support group:
    





    in-person




    online







griefshare helped me to know i am not alone.

    kathleen, griefshare participant
  







  what is griefshare?
    


  at griefshare you’ll receive valuable guidance and tips, leading you to relief, comfort, and peace of mind.
    








a support group to help you move through the grief process


  a griefshare support group is a safe, welcoming place where people understand the difficult emotions of grief. through this 13-week group, you’ll discover what to expect in the days ahead and what’s “normal” in grief. since there are no neat, orderly stages of grief, you’ll learn helpful ways of coping with grief, in all its unpredictability—and gain solid support each step of the way.
    



    receive support
  







helping people find comfort after the loss of a loved one for 25 years






  over 1 million people have found hope and healing through griefshare.
    








#1

  grief support group program in the world
    









  how griefshare helps you
    


  navigating loss and grief through a support group
    







  videos that encourage
    


  each weekly griefshare group begins with a 30-minute video featuring respected experts on grief-related topics and helpful stories from people who have experienced loss. their insights will help you manage your emotions, gain clarity, and find answers to your questions as you walk through the grief process.
    


    watch preview
  




×














  supportive discussions
    


  after the video, you and the other group members will spend time discussing what was presented in the video and what is going on in your lives. talking with other people who understand what you’re experiencing brings great comfort, normalizes the grief experience, and offers a supportive environment to work through your grief.
    










  helpful book to guide you
    


  your participant guide serves as a road map on your grief journey. this book helps you process your emotions and experiences and cope with the loss. you’ll apply what you’ve heard in the group and gain tools to deal with complicated grief.
    



    preview sample
  






  find your group
    





    in-person




    online





  what’s covered
    



  featured topics
    


  while everyone’s response to loss is unique, people facing loss and grief will experience many of the same challenges. the weekly griefshare topics address these common struggles—providing valuable tips, encouragement, and direction.
    






  loneliness
    


  find your way through the overwhelming loneliness of grief.
    







  fear
    


  guidance to manage worry and anxiety in the face of crippling fears.
    







  anger
    


  learn healthy strategies to deal with your anger.
    







  regrets
    


  “if onlys” are common in grief. discover how to move beyond them.
    







  relationships
    


  tips on responding to well-meaning, but insensitive, comforters.
    







  hope
    


  move forward by remembering and honoring your loved one.
    





  and much more.
    






  we saved a seat for you
    



  griefshare groups and events meet weekly at thousands of locations around the world—both in person and online. you are welcome to join a group anytime during the 13-week cycle.
    






    in-person




    online





not ready to join a group? create a free griefshare account to find helpful resources.




  common questions
    







  q
    


  what happens during a typical group meeting?
    




  a
    


  each week you’ll view a 30-minute video on a grief-related topic, featuring valuable insights from counselors, pastors, and others who’ve lost a loved one. then your group will discuss the video and how it applies to your lives. you’ll also receive a book with helpful tips and exercises for personal support throughout the week.
    








  q
    


  how does griefshare compare with other grief support options?
    




  a
    


  while other grief support sites may offer phone or video consultations with a professional, we have found a group support setting to be crucial for healing. one-on-one counsel is certainly helpful, but a more complete healing is found in the context of having people walk alongside you on the grief journey.
    











  q
    


  how much does it cost to attend?
    




  a
    


  for most groups the cost ranges from free to around $20 to cover the cost of your participant guide. contact the church that is hosting a group near you (or online) to find out.
    








  q
    


  is griefshare for people with a specific type of loss?
    




  a
    


  griefshare is for everyone who is grieving the death of a loved one—whether you’ve experienced the loss of a spouse, parent, child (infant, young child, teen, adult, unborn), friend, sibling, coworker, or other relative.
    






  read more faqs.
    







  start healing
    



    receive support
  





  host a group
    



    get started
  





griefshare is a safe place to talk about hard things—and heal from them.

    julie, griefshare participant
  






  find a group!
    


  join the 1 million+ who have found comfort, support, and hope through griefshare. groups and events meet in person and online.
    





    in-person




    online













find support

group topics
surviving the holidays
loss of a spouse
grief books



host a group

partner
statement of faith
leaderzone
supplies



griefshare

contact
about




receive daily encouragement




enter your email



























a ministry of church initiative.
© 2025 the church initiative inc. all rights reserved.


terms
privacy
accessibility










