     home                               
 
             
 
                                        welcome to bmw of peabody   certified center            sales978-733-8585  service978-733-8584  parts978-733-8583     221 andover street peabody, ma 01960 directions                        bmw of peabody                     sales978-733-8585    service978-733-8584    parts978-733-8583    recalls978-573-5682         221 andover street peabody, ma 01960 directions                   home   new   new bmw inventory   bmw of peabody specials   new bmw specials   current loaner vehicles   schedule test drive   kbb trade-in value   build your deal   bmw m5 sedan   the bmw m5 touring     bmw certified & pre-owned   pre-owned inventory   bmw certified pre-owned inventory   current loaner vehicles   lyon-waugh auto group pre-owned   pre-owned specials   bmw certified offers   schedule test drive   kbb trade-in value   build your deal     bmw electric   bmw electric inventory   bmw electric models   bmw ev lifestyle   electrify america   bmw electric vehicle information     specials   bmw of peabody specials   new bmw specials   pre-owned specials   bmw certified offers   service specials   parts specials     finance   finance   finance application   bmw financial services   the bmw college graduate program   bmw military program   my bmw app   kbb trade-in value   build your deal   vehicle protection     service   service center   service specials   schedule service - centennial drive   schedule service- andover street   service - what to expect   service now, pay over time   bmw value service    bmw roadside assistance     parts   parts center   parts specials   parts order form   bmw tire center   shop bmw m performance parts   shop bmw accessories     our dealership   about bmw of peabody   bmw of peabody team   contact us   hours & directions   2024 bmw center of excellence   lyon-waugh careers   our blog   privacy policy   we are an m certified center   ccpa                     home   new   new bmw inventory   bmw of peabody specials   new bmw specials   current loaner vehicles   schedule test drive   kbb trade-in value   build your deal   bmw m5 sedan   the bmw m5 touring     bmw certified & pre-owned   pre-owned inventory   bmw certified pre-owned inventory   current loaner vehicles   lyon-waugh auto group pre-owned   pre-owned specials   bmw certified offers   schedule test drive   kbb trade-in value   build your deal     bmw electric   bmw electric inventory   bmw electric models   bmw ev lifestyle   electrify america   bmw electric vehicle information     specials   bmw of peabody specials   new bmw specials   pre-owned specials   bmw certified offers   service specials   parts specials     finance   finance   finance application   bmw financial services   the bmw college graduate program   bmw military program   my bmw app   kbb trade-in value   build your deal   vehicle protection     service   service center   service specials   schedule service - centennial drive   schedule service- andover street   service - what to expect   service now, pay over time   bmw value service    bmw roadside assistance     parts   parts center   parts specials   parts order form   bmw tire center   shop bmw m performance parts   shop bmw accessories     our dealership   about bmw of peabody   bmw of peabody team   contact us   hours & directions   2024 bmw center of excellence   lyon-waugh careers   our blog   privacy policy   we are an m certified center   ccpa               


inventory search

    shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         














lease & financing
 offers















schedule
 service















bmw
 certified















bmw
 electric








       search new inventory      search used inventory                                      click here for offer details          click here for offer details          click here for offer details          click here for offer details          click here for offer details          click here for offer details                                                                                                   the x3    new pre-owned         the x4    new pre-owned         the x5    new pre-owned         the x6    new pre-owned         the x7    new pre-owned         the 2 series    new pre-owned         the 4 series    new pre-owned         the 5 series    new pre-owned          the 7 series    new pre-owned         the 8 series    new pre-owned         x models    new pre-owned         the z4    new pre-owned         m models    new pre-owned         xm models    new pre-owned         the ix    new pre-owned         the i4    new pre-owned         the i7    new pre-owned            series selector: x3 / x4 / x5 / x6 / x7 / 2 / 4 / 5 /  7 / 8 / z4 / m / xm / ix / i4 / i7                the x3  new pre-owned          new pre-owned         the x4  new pre-owned          new pre-owned         the x5  new pre-owned          new pre-owned         the x6  new pre-owned          new pre-owned         the x7  new pre-owned          new pre-owned         the 2 series  new pre-owned          new pre-owned         the 4 series  new pre-owned          new pre-owned         the 5 series  new pre-owned          new pre-owned          the 7 series  new pre-owned          new pre-owned         the 8 series  new pre-owned          new pre-owned         the z4  new pre-owned          new pre-owned         m models  new pre-owned          new pre-owned         xm models  new pre-owned          new pre-owned         the ix  new pre-owned          new pre-owned         the i4  new pre-owned          new pre-owned         the i7  new pre-owned          new pre-owned       bmw of peabody   bmw of peabody              resource unavailable (label_specials_horizontal_scroller_title) resource unavailable (label_specials_horizontal_scroller_link_text)              more info  ×       close            







schedule a test drive












financing












my bmw app



















           schedule service appointment when you own the ultimate driving machine, you should get the service to match. schedule now     original bmw batteries the only way to start. schedule now     bmw value service premium parts & service.powerful value.bmw value service. learn more    
     

bmw of peabody

221 andover street
 peabody, ma 01960

 driving directions

sales
978-733-8585

service
978-733-8584

parts
978-733-8583

recalls
978-573-5682



   sales      monday 8:00am - 7:00pm    tuesday 8:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 7:00pm    friday 8:00am - 6:00pm     saturday 9:00am - 5:00pm    sunday closed    





     

find us on
                  




your satisfaction is always our top priority here at bmw of peabody! we're proud to provide stellar service and quality vehicles to drivers in peabody, marblehead, andover, beverly, gloucester, and all throughout the greater boston, ma area.





bmw of peabody: giving our customers the five-star treatment


our team is always ready and willing to go the extra mile to ensure you get a fantastic experience on your visit with us. with perks like pickup and delivery options, online tools for scheduling service or valuing your trade-in, and more, we'll give you an experience that is second to none.




recognized for exemplary service



you don't have to take our word for it when it comes to the exemplary experience we provide; just check out the awards our dealership has earned. we're proud to have been honored with the 2024 center of excellence award in recognition of the efforts we put in for our customers.




giving back to the community



we're always striving to be good stewards of the communities we do business with everyday. one way we look to make a difference is through our sponsorship of the bluefin blowout, a community event that benefits the national alzheimer's association.



premium bmw vehicles

bmw x5

the authority that the bmw x5's design conveys will command attention for all the right reasons. the ride you enjoy inside is just as well designed, with soft sensafin upholstery providing you with the highest level of comfort and luxury.


bmw x3

all the latest tech makes the bmw x3 the suv of tomorrow. voice-activated controls through the bmw intelligent personal assistant system give you a hands-free way to get directions, put on your favorite song, and so much more.



bmw x7

from the moment you climb aboard the bmw x7, you'll be welcomed for the drive ahead. the panoramic glass roof that comes standard in this vehicle lets in plenty of natural light to create a relaxing atmosphere.




bmw 3 series

adrenaline-boosting performance will be yours when you choose the bmw 3 series. this sporty sedan is capable of going from 0 to 60 in as little as 5.4 seconds, giving you the lightning-quick acceleration you desire.


bmw ix

all-electric performance with instant torque makes the bmw ix a new benchmark for what an ev can do. a range of up to 309 miles opens up a world of possibilities for where your next journey can take you.




experienced service professionals

experienced service professionals

the years of experience the team in our service center brings to the table gives them the expertise needed to keep your vehicle in top condition. from routine service to more serious repairs, we've got you covered for the road ahead.


tailor-made financing

our experts allow you to adjust the term of your financing offer to get a deal that fits you like a hand in a glove. whether you're working with one of our experts or using our convenient online tools, you'll be able to choose a loan or lease that best suits your financial situation.


                copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy  | do not sell my personal information  | consent preferences | bmw of peabody | 221 andover street, peabody, ma 01960 | sales: 978-733-8585         





















                    