

m.o.r.o.n.s. - a comic for the rest of us






updated every monday, wednesday, and friday.






















hey, got any extra money?  then why not donate to gem?












monday, march 11, 2002





 






 


yippie skippie, jet lag!
           






 



squirle

mousse



3-11-02
so, i was in japan.  yeah.
japan, well tokyo at least, i didn't see much outside of that, i must say, is kinda like america, but just a little bit skewed.  houses look like houses, factories look like factories, apartments look like apartments.  but the houses have japanese shingles instead of typical american ones.  and the buildings all have big neon signs, but in kanji.  just lots of little things like that that add up.
it was really cool, though.  they have much anime and electronic stuff crammed into tiny spaces in towns like akihabara.  there are millions and millions of dollars of electronics stuffed in little back allies between the big shops of akihabara, and i got a really cool little mp3 player for about $130, 'cause it was last year's model.  i said hell with it, i'll take last year's model for about $70 off.  i haven't gotten it to work yet, though, as the liquid audio software i need to install in order to send mp3s to the player isn't wanting to install.
i did get a bunch of manga, as the stuff is freaking cheep over there.  i bought the two big trigun volumes and the six little trigun maximum volumes for less than what it would cost me to buy three of them over here.  granted they're in japanese, but so what?  it's still freaking cool.  and i found out that yukito kishiru has renewed the gunnm (a.k.a. battle angle alita) series, which in my opinion is the coolest freaking manga series ever, and i got the first two collected volumes, which is all that's out so far.  it's pretty spiffy, but i can't figure out when in the series it takes place, since it definitely takes place before the afterward, but it seems to even take place in the middle of the old series.
other than manga, i bought a bunch of these little figurine dolls of anime characters, trigun, bebop and love hina, that you can get for a buck out of these little vending machines.  i found out it's hard to get good anime stuff in japan that doesn't cost an arm and a leg.  so i mainly held out with manga, those figures, and that mp3 player, 'cause i had money to splurge on something big, and that was cool.
i ate a lot of sushi, but most of it was crappy junky sushi from the local convenience store, 'cause it was really cheap.  we also went out to a little ramen booth one night, and i must say that compared to instant cup 'o ramen, the real thing kicks soo much ass.  it was really good, and i slurped up the entire bowel, excepting some spinach and the seaweed squares they put in there.  and pocky.  i ate lots of pocky.  it was my breakfast almost every morning, because it cost a buck a box, and i could eat one of the bags for breakfast, and the other for lunch, 'cause we usually only ate breakfast and dinner.
the hotel wasn't bad, if you knew what you were in for.  what you were in for was a tinsy room, about 5 feet by 9 feet, but almost 10 feet tall.  the bed took up half the room width wise, and almost all of it length wise.  there was virtually no padding on the bed, and the pillow was filled with rice.  there were two showers on the first floor, that weren't open past ten o'clock.  there were a few perks, there was a tv in every room, and one of my travel partners brought a vcr and taped many hours of japanese television.  also it was fairly close to the minowa train station, which was only a buck ride away from ueno, which three or four different train lines converged at, and only a buck and a half away from the major shopping center that is akihabara.
well, that's all the time i have for tonight, hope you enjoyed this brief but interesting look into my week in a foreign land.  toodles.  

  


3-11-02
hey, everyone.  hope you enjoyed guest comic and rant week here at morons.  now, however, it seems that we must get back on track.  back into the swing of things.  i am reminded of this mainly because of an irc message from squirle that reads simply, "hey, write up a rant."
there's no arguing with logic like that.
so, rant time.  unfortunately, i'm in a bit of a mood today, as i have been for the past few days.  this doesn't exactly make rant-writing any easier or more exciting for me, and i don't feel like bitching about why i'm upset, so i don't really have much rant ammo left after that.
here goes a bit of mindless babble to fill up space, then.
i wish it was friday so i could go home on spring break.  i just want to collapse for the entire week and sleep, waking up occasionally to eat things and visit the bathroom, only to sleep more.  this would be the ideal break for me.
unfortunately, that's still about five days away, and i've all manner of shit inbetween.  on monday, i have to meet with my advisor about creating my stupid academic planning portfolio so that i can get another pass/fail grade that's worth one credit toward my graduation.  on tuesday, i have a take home exam due for my psychology class.  the exam is five essay questions, three of which are currently finished and waiting to be revised for content and typed into a coherent form.  i'll finish the other two monday night and then type them all up.  also, somewhere between now and wednesday night, i have to get some study time in for my calculus exam.  oh, damn.  i also have calculus homework due in class on tuesday.  i also have a computer science lab due on wednesday, but it's mostly finished.  after wednesday night, i'm mostly  done for the week.  i just have to make sure i can survive my classes for the latter part of the week until 12 noon on friday, which is when i'm done for good until the morning of the 25th, when i'll be returning to school.  don't be surprised if my rant space is blank a lot during my spring break.  i may not be able to get online to write rants and get them sent to squirle, or i just may not plain care enough to do so.
that being said, i'm going to terminate this fake rant right here.  hope you all have a good day.

  


quote of the week:
"a journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step."
- lao tzu





 






morons home
calendar archives
-----------------
pre-plotline comics
searching for the token female
introducing jackie
those wacky russians
'we apologize for the inconvenience' week
m.o.r.o.n.s. school of anything goes anime
squirle is bored week
angsty teenage love
squirle's date training
the big night
lonely hearts
end of the year blues
gah, moving problems
end of the year blues: part 2
it's good to be back
our sad sorry lives
dance like you want to win!
gekigan comic strip!
communist intrigue week
1 4m 1337, 1 4m
story time - longest plotline yet!
from national disastars to comic birthdays
story time part duex - return to the plot
morons: existentialist theatre
bacty: the talking bacterium
squirle in japan: terrorizing a nation
  [097] i think he could fit in that suitcase
  [gs1] that list's not too long...
  [gs2] he can draw stick figures too??
  [gs3] beam me up scotty
  [098] yippie skippie, jat lag!
 













s i t e   n e w s 
 

        2-5-02
christ, how freaking long has it been since this was updated?  well, i don't have much in the way of news, other than to say that our cast page has been updated to include bacty: the talking bacterium.  there have been a few modifications made to the site, links fixed on the side menu and such.  enjoy.-squirle
	7-10-01
at the insistence of our technical consultant gem, i'd like to call your attention to some changes that have been made on the cast page and the store page.  gem's character bio has been added to the former, and a brand-spankin' new nifty t-shirt design has been added to the latter.  i strongly encourage any fans of the anime series neon genesis evangelion to check out the shirt design, i think you'll be pleasantly surprised, or at the very least, mildly amused.  ^_^-mousse
	7-5-01
click this link and marvel at the niftiness!  bigpanda has picked up our icon and text write-ups for the comic, and we now have our own little personalized link page on their site.  tres cool, eh?  we're hoping this will start bringing in some more readers soon.-mousse







not only are we morons, we're broke morons, so click on the above banner
and give us some money, and you can get cool stuff too.














c r e d i t s 


      m.o.r.o.n.s. is hosted on keenspace, a free webhosting and site automation service for webcomics.
      thanks to xellie for the title picture
      any and all anime mentioned is copyright its respective owner




 morons copyright © 2001 shmidlap corp.
e-mail comments here

















                                             
--->
