









home - nuestras raíces





















































skip to content









donate











españoleventsaboutcontact






españoleventsaboutcontact






















































 
agriculture la finca community gardenseducation farmers youth communitymarkets mobile market food hub initiativeadvocacy nuestra comidasupport donate volunteerblog








 













celebrating






agri-culture

















nuestras raíces is a grassroots urban agriculture organization based in holyoke, ma. our mission is to create healthy environments, celebrate “agri-culture,” harness our collective energy, and to advance our vision of a just and sustainable future.




















connecting people with land






the founding members of nuestras raíces were all farmers from puerto rico who took ghostwriter masterarbeit into their own hands.







agriculture programs



















empowering communities






we educate people and increase their knowledge to create a more fair and sustainable community.







education programs



















advocating for food justice






we are committed to creating change in ghostwriting kosten and agriculture policies at the local, regional, and national levels.







advocacy programs


















open position










































nuestra comida






“by engaging entire families, developing youth, forming effective partnerships, and implementing an equitable, culturally-based school and community food system, nuestra comida builds healthy, respectful and sustainable ghostwriter masterarbeit kosten.”
– nuestra comida theory of change







learn more



















funding support for the nuestra comida  initiative is generously provided by the w.k. kellogg foundation. 

















upcoming events
































our sponsors & partners






















































































support a more equitable food system!
donate to nuestras raices online to join the movement for better food access for all.





donate now























stay connected!








 
name

please enter your name.


email address

please enter a valid email address.




subscribe!



thanks for subscribing! we will be in touch occasionally with important news updates.
something went wrong. please check your entries and try again.












 










support our programs
volunteer with us
contact us
office
329 main street
holyoke, ma, 01040
(413) 535-1789
fax (413) 535-1100la finca
24 jones ferry road
holyoke, ma, 01040 





© 2017 nuestras raíces |  privacy policy  
facebook


instagram



 





scroll to top














