

explore st. louis



















    
	explore st. louis
	
  
everything you need to know for your next getaway to st. louis.




friday, september 28, 2007
 

best in class winner!

the kemp auto museum’s rare, vintage 1931 370s mannheim model mercedes-benz took “best in class” honors at the recent inaugural rocky mountain concours in colorado springs, colorado over the labor day weekend.over 100 cars and 30 vintage motorcycles from around the country were present at the inaugural show. the featured marquee was mercedes-benz, in which the museum's 1931 370s mannheim received best in class designation. second in class went to a custom bodied 1937 540k, and best in show went to a 1930 minerva al, built in belgium.the 370s mannheim is the only mercedes in the museum with a flat radiator – this was the last car to feature this benz styling cue before it was dropped in favor of the famous v-shaped mercedes radiator. the name mannheim is also a tribute to benz, which was headquartered in the city of mannheim before the 1926 merger. the museum’s 370s mannheim underwent a full restoration in 1966, and in 1967 the vehicle took first place in a prestigious grand classic concours held by the classic car club of america. it has been a part of the fred m. kemp foundation collection since 2000.to learn more about the kemp auto museum and the collection of classic european automobiles, please contact curator tom savage at (636) 537-1718 or visit the museum’s web site at kempautomuseum.org.
# posted by the cvc team @ 4:48 pm  

wednesday, august 22, 2007
 

st. louis fun on wheels

labor day has always been a time for bbq’s and pool parties. but for those in st. louis seeking some thrills and excitement, the holiday weekend is better known as gateway cup weekend, when professional and amateur cycling takes to the city streets for four consecutive days. as always, the event will not only entertain but inspire, with all proceeds benefiting the lance armstrong foundation, an organization dedicated to the fight against cancer. for spectators, the events are free and open to the public.this year’s race begins on the evening of friday, august 31, when the cyclists will battle it out under the street lights of lafayette square (first race at 5 pm, with kids’ race at 6 pm and pro race at 9:30 pm). the following day, the race tears through the streets of downtown st. louis along a one mile, closed-circuit course in the washington square district (racing start at 1:30 pm, with kids’ race at 4:30 pm and the pro race at 6 pm). sunday’s giro della montagna action heats up in the heart of the hill, one of st. louis’ oldest and tastiest neighborhoods (races start at 12:15 pm, kids race at 4:15 pm and pro race at 4:50 pm). for its climactic finale, the gateway cup bicycle race crosses its ultimate finish line on monday in the university city loop (races start at 9:30 am, kids at 1:30 pm and pro race at 2 pm).this sporting event attracts the country’s top profeesional men and women bike racers. local competitors and beginning riders also get to follow the same courses in races of their own, giving them the opportunity to see how they measure up to their fellow riders and the pros. in addition, races for children will be held at all four venues.the exhilaration is palpable for onlookers as well, who are captivated by the dramatic competition and awed by the sight of racers slamming into 90 degree corners at 35 miles per hour. this is the only event of its kind and caliber in the st. louis area, and it doesn’t cost spectators a single penny to be a part of the action.funds raised through the gateway cup will enable the lance armstrong foundation to continue helping people across the nation with physical, emotional and practical challenges of cancer. since its inception in 1997, the laf has awarded more than $29 million to cancer survivorship programs and research. a booth will have yellow livestrong bracelets available for a $5 donation to the foundation and visitors may also have an opportunity to pay tribute to cancer survivors, and to honor the memory of those who lost the fight with cancer.for more details and registration information, check out the race’s website at www.stlbiking.com/gateway_cup.htm 
# posted by the cvc team @ 4:34 pm  

thursday, july 05, 2007
 

st. louis haute dog!

on friday, july 20, the finale of the 2007 old orchard merchants association third annual gazebo series of free, live concerts and outdoor movies has gone to the dogs. the series finale film is the howlingly funny “best in show.” the charming mockumentary tells the “tail” of show dogs and the offbeat people who love them.the evening of free fun begins at 7:00 p.m. when blues diva kim massie takes the gazebo stage located at big bend and south old orchard in webster groves. following ms. massie’s performance, four-footed models wearing the latest in haute dog attire will strut the runway with their human counterparts. two-legged and canine models will be showcasing attire from two webster groves’ boutiques: daisy clover fashions on the ladies and lucky dog accessories and togs on the dogs.byo blanket or lawn chairs. food and beverages will be available for purchase at old orchard area restaurants.in addition to daisy clover and lucky dog, event sponsors include: ross & baruzzini, serendipity homemade ice cream, euclid records, commerce bank, salt of the earth, krueger pottery, webster university film series, pacific place retirement community, roadhouse 61 and kitchen, webster-kirkwood times, weber’s front row restaurant, bethesda orchard retirement community and webster groves subaru-isuzu-suzuki.
# posted by the cvc team @ 1:28 pm  

thursday, may 31, 2007
 

the ultimate one-day jazz experience in st. louis!

sounds of summer will fill the air on saturday, june 2 during the saint louis jazz & heritage festival. for the seventh year, clayton’s shaw park hosts the region’s premier music festival. event days may have been cut, but not the music. visitors will enjoy hearing featured guests george benson, poncho sanchez, ramsey lewis and more. to receive a complete list of performers and for ticket information log onto www.saintlouisjazzfest.comto round out the experience, organizers are bringing back festival favorites - the marketplace, a distinctive showcase of handmade crafts; the improv, offering hands-on musical experiences for jazzters of all ages, such as “make your own instrument!” and the instrument petting zoo; and soul school, featuring the best regional jazz artists in an intimate setting serving up an “all access” experience of conversations and performances. see you at the festival!
# posted by the cvc team @ 2:15 pm  

friday, may 04, 2007
 

eugene field house celebrates

the eugene field house, located in downtown st. louis, was officially named a national historic landmark, the highest recognition accorded by the nation and reserved for properties that possess exceptional value in interpreting the heritage of the united states.there are fewer than 2,500 national historic landmarks (nhl) in the country, and only 18 in st. louis. this is the first designation here since 1994. on april 4, 2007, a total of 12 new nhl’s in 10 states were named by secretary of the interior dirk kempthorne, who remarked “these new national historic landmarks reflect some of the most important historical and cultural developments in american history….each of them tells us a story about us as a nation and a people. they are designated national historic landmarks so that we may all enjoy and learn from them.”the field house was the home of roswell field, attorney to dred scott of the famous scott v. sandford slave case. roswell field’s cunning legal strategy in the case forced the highest court in the land to make public its position on slavery. this set in motion a chain of events, including abraham lincoln’s rise to the presidency and the civil war, and ultimately resulted in the creation of the 13th, 14th and 15th amendments of the constitution, freeing an entire race of people.the field house will celebrate the designation on saturday, may 12, 2007 when a plaque will be unveiled at 634 s. broadway, across the street from busch stadium. free tours will be given from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. master of ceremonies and time to be announced.
# posted by the cvc team @ 2:26 pm  

thursday, april 19, 2007
 

living "green" in st. louis

with a lot of attention of late centering on making our personal lives environmentally better, this year’s theme for st. louis' earth day celebration is “living green. ” visitors will learn how easy it is to live "green" and become more environmentally friendly.experience the 18 th annual st. louis earth day festival on sunday, april 22. the event takes place on the muny theatre grounds in forest park, 11 am - 6 pm.highlights include: educational exhibitors will present a variety of displays and hands-on activities that will address environmental issues.the eco-art section will feature artists who will display and demonstrate their craft and will include a hands-on recycled art area where festival goers big and small can create their own work of art.entertainment on two stages will include jazz, blues, folk, world music and bluegrass as well as dance and theatrical performances.food offerings will include healthy choices as we have barred trans fats and other unhealthy fare.the tower grove farmer’s market – a farmer’s market consisting of a consortium of area growers that will offer produce and herb and vegetable plants.the earth day bazaar will be a destination shopping spot that features trendy fashions and accessories made from recycled materials, jewelry, handmade items inspired by nature, art objects and things for the home and garden.vendors from all over the midwest will feature a variety of products and services that will focus on green living.
# posted by the cvc team @ 10:14 am  

wednesday, april 04, 2007
 

icy conditions in st. louis - welcome frozen four fans!

college hockey fans are coming. more than 19,000 of them descend on downtown this weekend for the 2007 ncaa men’s frozen four at scottrade center. the event, hosted by the st. louis sports commission and college hockey america, has been sold out since last summer, but that doesn't mean you can't take part in various activities celebrating the tournament.st. louis union station will be a hub for activity and home to several free events. on thursday, friday and saturday, union station will host the “frozen fest” featuring games, music and more from noon to 6 p.m. live concerts will take place in the evening all three days as part of “postgame at the station.” pep rallies, presented by pontiac, with the team pep bands, cheer squads and mascots take place at noon thursday and 3 p.m. saturday. on friday, union station will host autograph sessions with the hobey baker award finalists and the final two teams from 3:30 to 5 p.m. area youth hockey champions will be honored at 5:30 p.m. during the “night of champions” ceremony. participants will then march to scottrade center to attend the pontiac frozen four skills challenge.speaking of the pontiac frozen four skills challenge, that’s the main event for friday night at the frozen four. starting at 7:30 p.m., some of the nation’s top male and female college hockey players will show off their talents in an east vs. west team format. events include: puck control relay, fastest skater, hardest shot, rapid-fire shooting, accuracy shooting and penalty shot competition. purchasing a ticket ($10) to the pontiac frozen four skills challenge also provides admission to the presentations of the prestigious hobey baker award (6 p.m.) and hockey humanitarian award (6:35 p.m.) as well as the announcement of the ahca all-america teams (7:20 p.m.). all of these events will take place at scottrade center. fans can purchase tickets at http://www.ticketmaster.com/ or by calling 314-241-1888.
# posted by the cvc team @ 4:33 pm  

friday, march 30, 2007
 

all-ford event at the museum of transportation

on sunday, april 1, 2007, there will be an all-ford event at the museum of transportation from 11:00 a.m. until 2:00 p.m. hosted by: the model a restorers club, the model t ford club of greater st. louis, and the missouri valley early ford v-8 club.when henry ford introduced the moving assembly line to automobile production in 1913, he paved the way for his model t to become the most influential and popular vehicle in automotive history. after 19 years and the production of 15 million model ts, ford introduced the dramatically different and improved model a in 1927 as a 1928 model, and the relatively sophisticated but still inexpensive model a paved the way for ford’s introduction of an affordable v-8 engine to the masses in the mid-1930s.at this event, visitors will have the opportunity to: see a ford model t assembled from parts in just minutes—and then driven away, witness the evolution of ford and the united states automotive industry, visit with the owners of these beautiful automobiles and learn about the history, restoration, and enjoyment of their vehiclesadmission to this automotive event is free. admission to the remainder of the museum of transportation is $4 for adults, $2 for seniors and children ages 5-12, and children under 5 are free with a paying adult family member.the museum of transportation is a unit of st. louis county department of parks and recreation and according to the smithsonian institution “has one of the largest and best collections of transportation vehicles in the world.” it is located at 3015 barrett station road in west st. louis county, and is open tuesday through saturday 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., sunday 11:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.
# posted by the cvc team @ 4:52 pm  

monday, march 12, 2007
 

unwind at the westin st. louis

at the tick of five, unwind begins. celebrate the end of the day, and the beginning of the evening. the nightly ritual at the the westin st. louis' clark street grill offers two hours of tempting your palate and seducing your senses with select appetizers, cocktails and signature sounds.the westin has introduced the unwind experience in all of its global properties. once the sun sets in st. louis, thewestin lobby evolves with music, scent and lighting to enhance your senses. treat yourself to unwind. you deserve it!unwind takes place monday-friday, 5 to 7 p.m. *the event may not be available on cardinal baseball home games.here's the schedule:not so mundane monday culinary experiencepull up a seat to sophisticated taste at the clark street grill's show kitchen. you'll learn to prepare the westin's daily amuse bouche (pre-meal appetizer) and get to sample along the way.toe tapping tuesdaylive music, begins at 6 p.m. experience mo & dawn, a charismatic musical duo whose clever take on jazz, soul, funk, and percussion sounds will awaken your spirit."knotty" or nice, 5-7 p.m.knitting has never been so much fun. whether your day’s been good, bad or indifferent you’ll find a group of people to unwind with. the westin provides knitting needles and yarn, or you can just join in for the casual conversation. beginners invited!winding down wednesday culinary experiencelearn about the westin's sophisticated taste at the clark street grill's show kitchen.thursdays with a twist beverage classawaken your taste buds to wine, beer and/or spirits. this evening seminar includes tips and tastes from various vendors and local wineries. each week is different.thank goodness it's friday culinary experienceanother great opportunity to learn how to prepare the westin's daily amuse bouche (pre-meal appetizer).see you there!
# posted by the cvc team @ 1:30 pm  

thursday, march 01, 2007
 

the road to final four runs through st. louis

st. louis is one city that loves sports – and once again, the titans of ncaa men’s basketball are returning to town in hopes of making it to the top tier of college basketball. the road to the ncaa tournament will include a pit stop in the gateway city, march 23-25, 2007, at the edward jones dome. the winner of the ncaa 2007 division i men's championship midwest regional will “keep the dream alive” and head for this year’s ncaa final four in atlanta.catch the games on tv at one of the city’s numerous sports bars or restaurants. many of the most popular places to watch a game have some famous names attached to them, like former baseball cardinal and current broadcaster mike shannon’s steaks & seafood, dierdorf & hart’s – run by legendary football cardinals dan dierdorf and jim hart – and blues hockey great bernie federko’s steak & sports grill.there’s also the “mad hungarian,” al hrabosky’s ballpark saloon, ozzie smith’s ozzie’s restaurant & sports bar and pujols 5 westport grill, whose namesake is none other than cardinals slugger albert “el hombre” pujols. there are also a number of j. buck’s restaurant locations throughout the region, whose namesakes are the late hall of fame broadcaster jack buck, his fox sportscaster son joe, and daughter julie, a local radio personality.fresh from hosting a spectacular ncaa men’s final four in 2005, st. louis is keeping its “game face” on by hosting a number of ncaa tournaments during the next few years. in addition to this year’s regional, the city is set to host the 2007 ncaa men’s hockey championship – “the frozen four” – april 5-7 at the scottrade center, as well as the ncaa division iii men's tennis championships, may 15-20, 2007, at the dwight davis tennis center. the ncaa division i wrestling championships return to the city in 2008 and 2009, and st. louis will host the 2009 women’s final four at the scottrade center. in march 2010, the ncaa men’s regional returns to the edward jones dome in downtown st. louis for another installment of exciting college hoops action.
# posted by the cvc team @ 4:40 pm  

tuesday, february 20, 2007
 

dinner with a plot

at the bissell mansion restaurant and murder mystery dinner theatre, they have made it easy for visitors to "get away with murder." guests get to be a part of the action, helping detectives attempt to solve a fiendishly funny crime while enjoying a delicious four course dinner with wine. some audience members get the chance to deliver lines as part of the show. others may have to think up a quick alibi for the time of the murder. however, not everyone has to take an active part in the show. with four different murder mysteries each year, bissell mansion shows are always fresh. the 2007 lineup is: january - april, go with the wind; may - july 2007, field of schemes; august - october 2007, mayhem in mayberry; and november - december 2007, murder on 34th street.the historic home of captain lewis bissell, a military man who received his commission from president thomas jefferson, was built in the mid-1820s. today, much of the original detailing of the oldest home in st. louis remains, including the staircase, the fireplace mantels and some interior trim.
# posted by the cvc team @ 4:41 pm  

tuesday, february 06, 2007
 

missouri winefest 2007

america’s first wine district was founded just west of st. louis. in the mid-19th century, immigrants from germany’s rhine river valley planted vineyards, built cellars and created a wine culture that is still flourishing today. missouri is known for making distinctive, unique wines including norton, catawba and vignoles.  one of the newest stars in the missouri grape line up is traminette. would you like to sample a few of these missouri treasures?on february 10 and 11, noon- 5 p.m., head to westport plaza for missouri winefest 2007.  this is your opportunity to sample a variety of homegrown wines in one place.featured wineries:augusta winerybias winerycave vineyardcrown valley wineryheinrichshaus wineryles bourgeois winerymeramec vineyardsmontelle winerymount pleasant wineryrobller vineyardsainte genevieve wineryst. james winerystone hill winerysugar creek winerythe cost for winefest 2007 is $20.  this price includes a commemorative wine goblet and ticket to sample wines.  for more information, call 314/576-7100.  cheers!
# posted by the cvc team @ 12:59 pm  

tuesday, january 30, 2007
 

remembering dred scott

one of the most important cases ever tried in the united states was first heard in st. louis’ old courthouse, and this year marks the 150th anniversary of the historic case’s supreme court decision. dred scott v. sanford was a monumental ruling that divided the country on the issue of slavery and the resulting verdict is considered the flash point that sparked the country into the civil war.dred scott was born to slaves in virginia around 1799 and was the property of the peter blow family. he had spent his entire life as a slave, and moved to st. louis with the blows in 1830. blow soon ran into financial difficulties and eventually sold scott to dr. john emerson, a military surgeon.scott traveled with emerson to various posts throughout illinois and the wisconsin territory, areas that prohibited slavery as a result of the missouri compromise of 1820. during this time, scott married fellow slave harriet robinson, and the couple had two children, eliza and lizzie.dr. emerson married irene sanford and the scotts and the emersons returned to st. louis in 1842. john emerson died the following year, and it is believed that mrs. emerson began hiring out the scotts to work for other families. in april of 1846, the scotts filed suit against irene emerson, arguing that dred had lived in free territories for more than nine years and, therefore, should be declared a free man. past decisions by the missouri courts had supported the doctrine of “once free, always free.” because scott could not read or write and had no money, he needed help with his suit and the blows, his original owners, helped him finance his case.the first trial ended in defeat, as the court ruled that hearsay evidence was presented. the judge granted the right to a second trial, and in 1850 a jury decided in favor of the scotts and declared that they should be free. two years later, irene emerson appealed her case to the missouri state supreme court, which reversed the previous decision ruling that “times now are not as they were when the previous decisions on this subject were made.” the court stated that missouri law allowed slavery and it would uphold the rights of missouri slave-owners.in 1854, scott returned to court with a new team of lawyers, including roswell field, and they filed suit against john f.a. sanford in st. louis federal court. sanford was irene emerson’s brother and the executor of the emerson estate. because sanford lived in new york, the case was held in federal court due to diversity of residence. the suit was heard in st. louis at the papin building, and the verdict was returned in favor of sanford.scott and his lawyers then appealed to the u.s. supreme court and the opinion handed down in march 1857, read that seven of the nine justices agreed that scott should remain a slave. the court also ruled that as a slave, scott was not a citizen of the united states, and that he had never been free, due to the fact that slaves were personal property.after the supreme court decision, irene emerson re-married and eventually turned the entire scott family back over to the blow family, who then gave the scotts their freedom in may 1857. dred scott died of tuberculosis in september of 1858 and was buried in st. louis’ calvary cemetery.beginning in march 2007, a number of st. louis-area attractions and historic sites will commemorate the monumental decision made by the united states supreme court in 1857. the jefferson national expansion memorial, which includes the old courthouse, gateway arch, and museum of westward expansion, has planned a slate of activities to commemorate the historic court decision. for more information on special events, log onto the st. louis cvc calendar of events section.dred scott weekend, march 2 through 6, 2007, will feature the opening of a special dred scott exhibit, performances by local school groups, choirs, keynote speakers, historic re-enactors, mock trials, and presentations on related historic sites, attractions and preservation efforts.
# posted by the cvc team @ 12:59 pm  

wednesday, january 17, 2007
 

giving birth to a historic site

on january 21, annette bridges, founding administrator  of the scott joplin house state historic site, will talk with visitors regarding the adventures of getting the house restored and launching a 15-year legacy that is still going strong.  ragtime pianist richard egan will perform some of joplin's music.blues isn’t the only american roots music that made a home in st. louis.  the scott joplin house state historic site is the only remaining residence where joplin was known to have composed some of his ragtime melodies.  joplin lived in st. louis from 1901-1903.  the restored home includes an exhibit gallery and a room for ragtime performances with a player piano and rolls of joplin’s music.  the upstairs area is furnished with period furniture. next door, visitors can tour the rosebud café a turn–of-the-century ragtime club.   upcoming joplin house special events include:february 11 - rags to rap (learn the importance of traditional syncopation from ragtime to current music trends)february 25 - the history of jazz in st. louis (1895-1973)for more information about scott joplin house state historic site, call 314/340-5790.
# posted by the cvc team @ 12:48 pm  

monday, january 08, 2007
 

rembrandt: master etchings from st. louis collections

in celebration of rembrandt's 400th birthday, the saint louis art museum has on show his famous painting, self-portrait of 1669, from the hague along with more than 40 of the best prints from the public and private collections of st. louis.the hundred guilder print, once owned by a descendant of the artist's great friend jan six, and the large christ presented to the people from the collection of the duke of devonshire at chatsworth are among the most important of the artist's impressions on view for the first time together in this exhibition.hurry, this exhibition is on show through january 14, 2007. for more information log onto www.slam.org.
# posted by the cvc team @ 2:49 pm  

thursday, january 04, 2007
 

songs of korea

you have until january 7th to experience the songs of korea exhibit at the worldways museum.  the traveling exhibit is designed to raise the awareness of south korean culture, increase positive personal connections between one's own culture and to spark interest in korean culture.see how korean children pass tradition on from generation to generation through music. explore tools and materials that are used to create the drums that make ancient samulnori rhythms come to life.  try making some music of your own.worldways children's museum provides hands-on opportunities for people of all ages and encourages visitors to actively explore, experience and celebrate the lives and cultures of the people of our world.  as a result of attending the museum, children and adults gain a broader outlook on the world and become more accustomed to expressions of other cultures and distinctions. the museum helps visitors to become more open-minded and willing to interact with people who have perspectives and beliefs different than their own.along with the “songs of korea” exhibit visitors can learn about africa, china, the philippines and many more people, places and things.
# posted by the cvc team @ 2:48 pm  

wednesday, december 27, 2006
 

12/31 is filled with fun

new year’s eve in st. louisif you can’t find something here, you’re just not trying hard enough.still haven’t figured out what to do for new year’s eve? no problem – there are still plenty of options available to help you and yours ring out the old in style. whether you’re looking for a family-friendly fête or a way to spice up the night with other grown-ups, you can definitely find something to do in the lou.family friendly“red, hot camelot” is the theme for this year’s first night – saint louis celebration, with a host of festive activities in an alcohol-free environment. the evening kicks off with a parade at 5:30 p.m. and festivities wrap-up at midnight with a choreographed grand finale of pyrotechnics. in between, grand center arts and entertainment district will be alive with live music, dancing, puppets, street performers, and an arts and crafts center. there’s an early fireworks display at 9:00 p.m. for those of us who just can’t wait until midnight.prefer to have your fireworks first and your dinner after? westport plaza gets their party started with a bang and a fireworks display at 6:00 p.m., and follows things up with free horse and carriage rides until 9:00 p.m. get a quick bite to eat or make plans to spend the evening enjoying dinner,drinks and dancing at one of the restaurants or bars in the village, then grab a room at one of the sheraton hotels on site.hit the road for a family-friendly, overnight celebration at the ymca trout lodge and their new year’s eve masquerade ball. check out a host of entertaining activities for all ages including live music, a juggler, fireworks, a mardi gras carnival for kids, and the moonlight zip for teenagers. b.y.o.c (bring your own costume), and please remember – dressing up like a fish at the trout lodge is soooo overdone…had enough family time this holiday season and looking for a way to get your party on with some like-minded dancing machines? check out the variety of nightlife options and pick the one that suits your style. click on the calendar of events section of the http://www.explorestlouis.com/ web site for ideas of where to toss your 2007 confetti.if you’re feeling “fancy” as well as festive, head for powell symphony hall and the new year’s eve dance card concert with the saint louis symphony orchestra. back by popular demand, maestro david robertson and “the band” plan to once again thrill patrons with their “musical surprise” program – a final holiday gift to area music lovers. or check out the foundry art centre as they celebrate with broadway star larry alexander. the evening includes complimentary champagne on arrival, dinner, cash bar, and a dessert bar and champagne reception after the 9 p.m. performance.if you’re looking to try a little something different this year, then head downtown to the mighty mississippi river. the gateway arch riverboats are offering a special new year’s eve cruise aboard the tom sawyer and becky thatcher riverboats. boarding begins at 9:00 p.m. and the 3½-hour excursion includes a sit-down, filet mignon dinner, open bar, a midnight champagne toast, and a dj spinning dance tunes. oh – and there’s no need to bring your own noisemakers or party hats – the captain promises to have plenty on board.take a trip to paris via harrah’s st. louis casino & hotel as they transform the entire facility into the moulin rouge for new year’s eve. the festivities will include cancan dancers, streetperformers, caricature artists, live music, a burlesque show in the casino’s popular ibar, and a midnight celebration featuring the biggest balloon drop and longest confetti blast in town. the action is just as hot over in the voodoo café & lounge with a party that features live music, silk aerialists, go-go dancers, a dj, party hats and noisemakers.meanwhile, over at dave & buster’s, there’s a mystery dinner theatre going on. in addition to being darned entertaining, the evening will be a benefit for the st. louis affiliate of the susan g. komen breast cancer foundation. diners get to participate in the theatrics, interacting with the actors while enjoying a three-course meal, cash bar, and free champagne at midnight.several area hotels offer special “stay and play” party packages, so you can make that short commute after you’ve had your fill of new year’s noisemakers and mayhem. downtown, the adam’s mark hotel’s party package includes dancing the night away with smash band and the david glover band from 8:00 p.m. - 1:00 a.m., along with hors d’oeuvres, an open bar (until midnight), party favors and a champagne toast at midnight. at the hyatt regency – union station, party-goers have their choice of two distinctly different party package options. the first features merrymaking with joe dirt and the dirty boys band in the grand ballroom, along with an open bar, hors d’oeuvres and party favors. the second option, which takes place in the beautiful grand hall, includes a four-course dinner for two in the station grille, a reserved table for liam christy and dave stone continuum jazz celebration, party favors and a midnight champagne toast. both soirees are available individually or as part of a party package that includes an overnight stay and a new year’s day breakfast buffet for two. the well hungarians will ring in the new year at the millennium hotel’s grand ballroom, as the party starts at 7:30 p.m. and continues until 1:00 a.m. reserve a guest room/party package deal or just come for the band’s high octane sound and the open bar, three-course dinner and obligatory champagne toast at midnight.out in the central west end and up on the starlight roof at the chase park plaza, you can dine and dance your way into 2007 with a premium cocktail and hors d’oeuvres reception, a three-course dinner with wine service throughout, live music from the ralph butler band, a midnight balloon drop and champagne toast. special rates on deluxe guest rooms and suites are also available with or without the party package.the crowne plaza clayton offers three types of music in three different ballrooms, and all include reserved seating, hats, noisemakers and an open bar from 9:00 p.m. - 1:00 a.m. “door number one” features “the edge,” popular dance music to get you on your feet, while “door number two” hosts patti & the hitmen as they rock the house with r&b and spirited blues tunes. “the original oldies show” with mad maynard and jackie mccoy is behind “door number three” with – you guessed it – plenty of great oldies. three package plans are available, with additional options such as dinner, overnight accommodations, and new year’s day brunch for two.at the holiday inn southwest & viking conference center, two live bands - the rhythm rockers and planet boogie - and a dj will provide a continuous soundtrack for your dance moves. the viking’s party packages include a filet mignon and lobster dinner, open bar, dessert buffet, champagne toast at midnight, and party favors. guest room party packages also include champagne in your room and complimentary new year’s day breakfast buffet for two. the holiday inn south county center’s party package includes an open bar, dinner buffet for two, party favors, champagne toast, live music from mirage and a dj spinning dance hits between sets. the deluxe package includes a deluxe guest room and breakfast for two.looking to get away from the noise and craziness of the holidays and just relax? then treat yourself to a night at the renaissance st. louis airport. no muss, no fuss – just a quiet night away from the madness with a special room rate that includes champagne upon arrival, breakfast buffet for two, and a late check-out. ahhhhh.have a safe, happy and properous 2007!
# posted by the cvc team @ 2:00 pm  

monday, december 18, 2006
 

once upon a time in st. louis

the st. louis public library and the magic house children’s museum in st. louis are joining together to enter the magical world of fairy tales and they’re inviting you to come along.  with the help of a grant from the institute of museum and library services, the two partners have created a one-of-a-kind, interactive exhibit titled “once upon a time ... exploring the world of fairy tales.”  this unique exhibit at central library, transports kids, 3-10 years of age, inside seven important tales in a way they’ve never experienced before.  the 2000 square-foot exhibit focuses on the power and significance of fairy tales.  it brings to life seven rich tales, each with its own large-scale environment and interactive components. in each environment kids will use dramatic play to become a part of the story and they’ll explore activities within each tale. with the help of adults, they’ll also learn the meaning and history of tales they’ve known all of their lives and others which may be new to them. featured fairy tales are: anansi and the talking melon, beauty and the beast, cinderella, the elves and the shoemaker, jack and the beanstalk, lon po po and thumbelina. hurry, you don’t have much time to experience “once upon a time ... exploring the world of fairy tales.”  it’s only open through december 30, 2006.  click on the link above for more information.
# posted by the cvc team @ 9:11 am  

tuesday, december 12, 2006
 

step inside st. louis' frank lloyd wright house

would like to tour an actual frank lloyd wright house in the gateway city? nestled on 10.5 acres in ebsworth park is a unique and significant residence designed by frank lloyd wright, widely recognized as the greatest american architect of the 20th-century. this 1,900 square foot residence, built for russell and ruth kraus, was the architect's first building in the st. louis area, and is one of only five wright designs in missouri. it is an excellent example of wright's democratic vision, intended to provide middle class americans with beautiful architecture at an affordable cost. the home is notable not only for its architectural integrity, but for retaining all of its original wright-designed furnishings and fabrics.the square, rectangle, octagon, triangle, hexagon, parallelogram, circle, spiral, and arc are keys to the consistent and systematic quality underlying all of wright's work. those shapes allow an ordering of space that encompasses both composition and construction. using nature as his mentor and geometry as a tool wright developed what he called organic architecture. the home is listed on the national register of historic places because of its significance in american architecture.the st. louis artists’ guild will open “prairie skyscraper: frank lloyd wright’s price tower” exhibit on december 17, 2006. if you love the unique style of wright, don’t miss this free, curated exhibit of artifacts and photographic documentation of the design, construction, and history of frank lloyd wright’s innovative, multiple-purpose building for the price family in bartlesville, oklahoma. the st. louis artists guild is located in oak knoll park and will present the exhibit until march 3, 2007.
# posted by the cvc team @ 9:12 am  

monday, december 04, 2006
 

music is in the air

founded in 1880, the saint louis symphony orchestra (slso) is recognized internationally as an ensemble of the highest caliber, performing a broad musical repertoire with skill and spirit. the saint louis symphony orchestra was founded on the belief that great music should be available to everyone.the saint louis symphony orchestra will present – in what has become a st. louis family tradition - a variety of holiday inspired concerts in december.  the holiday season starts first with the 12th annual gospel christmas at 7:30 p.m. thursday, december 14. after a one year absence, the traditional holiday concerts return this season. concerts are scheduled for december 15, 16, 17, and will be conducted by slso assistant conductor scott parkman.  joining parkman and the orchestra will be the st. louis children’s choir. program highlights include tchaikovsky’s the nutcracker and prokofiev’s troika from lt. kije suite.the holiday season shines a little brighter when david robertson leads the orchestra in two special performances of chaplin’s idle class and the kid at 7:30 p.m., december 29 and december 30. the orchestra plays the chaplin scores live, while the films are projected on a large screen. this is truly a family event, which promises to put a smile on your face.  last year’s chaplin concerts were sold out, so make plans to get your tickets early.
# posted by the cvc team @ 11:03 am  

wednesday, november 29, 2006
 

a festivus for the rest of us!

does anyone recall the seinfeld episode where festivus was introduced to popular culture? weary of the rampant consumerism of christmas, character frank costanza invented an alternative holiday with unusual traditions. the offbeat holiday struck a chord with many viewers and a cult phenomenon was born.those who celebrate festivus enjoy a quirky kind of fun such as decorating a festivus pole instead of a christmas tree and participate in the airing of grievances in which each person tells each and everyone else all the ways they've disappointed him/her over the past year, and after a festivus dinner, the feats of strength are performed. traditionally, festivus is not over until the head of the household is wrestled to the floor and pinned.the downtown st. louis merchants association has planned a festivus celebration. everyone can join in the fun of festivus - a holiday celebration for us all. st. louis downtown merchant members include specialty retailers such as casa semplice, a special place for people who are passionate about cooking and entertaining at home, st. louis union station, a national historic landmark and macro sun international, a center for international fashions, hand-crafted jewelry, and home décor.the schedule for festivus is:friday december 1st 6:00 pm - 9:00 pmthis year, st. louisans may submit their grievances at a festivus reception at mosaic restaurant, sponsored by alive magazine. the entry with the most votes will be announced by kmox on-air personalities. the winner will receive a prize pack from downtown retailers and will be a celebrity judge for the feats of strength competition.saturday, december 2nd 12:00 noon to 3:00 pmthis will be the first year for “feats of strength” in st. louis, but it is sure to be remembered. this event will be held on the parking lot on 11th street between locust and st. charles. events will include: christmas tree tossing, oiled arm wrestling and tag-team-tug-o-war (bring your team of three or more for a competition that is sure to end with everyone in stitches).
# posted by the cvc team @ 3:26 pm  

 

jewel box opens christmas poinsettia display

what is it about the holidays that “get you going?” is it the commercials, decorations, the anticipation of family visits or the smell of freshly cut pine trees? for many it is a trip to the jewel box in forest park for the annual “christmas poinsettia show.” picture hundreds of beautiful poinsettias in red, white and pink intricately placed throughout the jewel box – transforming the art deco floral conservatory into an attraction of holiday splendor.the “christmas poinsettia show” will have its’ grand opening at 11 a.m., on friday, december 1. jewel box hours are: 9 a.m. - 4 p.m., monday through friday; 9 - 11 a.m., saturday; and 9 a.m. to 2 p.m., sunday. on christmas eve, the show will offer special hours opening at 9 a.m. and closing at 2 p.m. christmas day the jewel box will be closed, but visitors will have through january to experience this magnificent show.let the “christmas poinsettia show” become a part of your family tradition. the jewel box is located at wells and mckinley drives in forest park.happy holidays.
# posted by the cvc team @ 2:24 pm  

thursday, november 23, 2006
 

kick off the holidays thanksgiving weekend

after the st. louis thanksgiving day parade is over and the turkey leftovers are stored, it's time to make plans for the long holiday weekend.  there's no better place than st. louis to celebrate the most magical time of the year.holiday light displays are shining at the national shrine of our lady of the snows in belleville, winter wonderland in tilles county park and santa's magical kingdom at yogi bear’s jellystone park. plus, the saint louis zoo gets in on the act at the u.s. bank wild lights, november 24 & 25 from 5:30 until 8:30 p.m. if you thought grant's farm was just a summer attraction, think again. the magic of the holidays event begins november 24 and continues until december 1.  at the cahokia mounds state historic site, the 4th annual indian market days take place from november 24 - 26 where you can shop for authentic native american jewelry, arts and crafts and much more.the candles are ablaze at eureka's annual candlelight walk november 24 - 26.  shops are filled with decorations and antique, art and specialty shops are brimming seasonal goods. the historic old courthouse is celebrating a century christmas from november 24 through december 23.  concerts take place on wednesday and saturday afternoons around the 25-foot christmas tree covered with victorian decorations. you can learn about st. louis holidays in the past by visiting the galleries.st. charles christmas traditions -- the annual celebration of the holidays -- begins on november 24 and continues through december 23 along south main street. historic characters, international santas, christmas carolers, free commemorative trading cards, crafts for kids plus over 100 unique stores are highlights.the saint louis science center in forest park is the place to see the omnimax movie "santa vs. the snowman" throughout the holiday season. and the gardenland express: gateway to the west chugs through the missouri botanical garden until new year's day with g-scale trains and miniature versions of st. louis' attractions and beautiful seasonal plants and flowers.
# posted by the cvc team @ 9:36 am  

thursday, november 16, 2006
 

ice, ice baby

get out your mittens and tighten your skates, steinberg rink in forest park is now open for the season.you and your pals can glide around the ice surrounded by the beautiful park and the central west end neighborhood skyline from 10 a.m. until 9 p.m., sundays through thursdays and from 10 a.m. until midnight on fridays and saturdays. the rink is open every day, including holidays.skating fees are $6 for adults and children 12 and under skate for just $5.  don't have your own blades?  skate rental is $2. steinberg is the largest outdoor rink in the midwest. group rates are available for schools, youth organizations and scouts. group reservations are required and are based on availability.the steinberg café has full food service with a menu that includes appetizers, snacks, sandwiches, burgers and pizza with beer and wine are available for adult skaters.
# posted by the cvc team @ 2:42 pm  

friday, november 10, 2006
 

st. louis goes to the movies

get your popcorn and take a seat for some of the best new films in the world. the st. louis international film festival is underway and it's a movie lover's dream.the impressive list of films, documentaries and short subjects (click here for the highlights) is augmented by special events, including a workshop at noon, saturday, november 11, at the tivoli theatre in the loop on creating trailers and promos in the a/v marketplace; a 4 p.m. book signing on saturday at star clipper in the loop; and a new filmmakers forum on sunday at noon.  monday and tuesday, november 13-14, kodak offers a "stop by, shoot film" learning opportunity at the centene center for arts and education. participants can learn how to use a 16 mm camera and shoot their own scene in less than 2 hours.tickets to the festivals films, which are shown at the tivoli, the saint louis art museum, plaza frontenac and webster university, are $10 each at the individual box offices. get the details at www.cinemastlouis.org.
# posted by the cvc team @ 9:29 am  

friday, november 03, 2006
 

penguin palooza

it's everything you ever wanted to know about penguins, but were afraid to ask. saturday, november 4, the saint louis zoo is paying homage to the tuxedoed birds from 11 a.m. until 2 p.m.festivities take place in and around the penguin & puffin coast habitat. you can join in a scavenger hunt to learn true penguin facts, make crafts and find out about penguin behavior.a special guest will be on hand from the new animated penguin movie "happy feet" and tap heritage will perform.
# posted by the cvc team @ 1:31 pm  

saturday, october 28, 2006
 

that's a winner!

the cardinals are world series champs following some great games with the valiant detroit tigers.now it's time to celebrate.join the cardinal nation on sunday, october 29 at 2 p.m. as downtown st. louis turns into a sea of red. the parade begins at 18th & market and continues east on market, turning onto seventh street and ending with a party inside busch stadium.get more details here.coming to st. louis for the fun? click here for hotel reservations.
# posted by the cvc team @ 2:37 pm  

friday, october 27, 2006
 

discount tickets for plays at the roberts orpheum

explore st. louis visitors are eligible for an exclusive discount for all tickets to del shores' the official tour taking place this weekend at the roberts orpheum theatre.use the discount code "2for1" and you will receive 1/2 off (or 2 for 1) any ticket to southern baptist sissies (friday october 27th) and/or sordid lives (sunday october 29th).the twice emmy-nominated delta burke ("suzanne sugarbaker" in designing women) plays the role of "mothers" -- three different characters in the revival of southern baptist sissies, glaad's 2001 best production of the year.leslie jordan, having just won the emmy award for his role of "beverley leslie" on will & grace, plays the hysterical "peanut leroy," a role for which he won every major los angeles theatre award. dale dickey (my name is earl) and newell alexander (sordid lives) also star.reprising their roles from the cult film sordid lives will be newell alexander ("wardell") rosemary alexander ("dr. eve"), sarah hunley ("juanita") and ann walker ("lavonda"). also starring are dale dickey (my name is earl) who plays "sissy" along with emmy-nominated patrika darbo (days of our lives) who plays "noleta," the role she created on stage that burke portrayed in the film.use the code "2for1" and get 1/2 off any ticket through ticketmaster.vip tickets: get the best seats in the house and meet and greet delta, leslie, del and all the actors after each show for photo ops and autographs. use the code "2for1" and get 1/2 off any ticket through ticketmaster or any vip ticket, available exclusively at theofficialtour.com.
# posted by the cvc team @ 12:41 pm  

monday, october 23, 2006
 

rally 'round the cards

pep rallies in support of the boys of summer (now the boys of fall) are on tap for kiener plaza in the heart of downtown and on clark street outside busch stadium, tuesday, wednesday and thursday.events start at 4 p.m. each day and continue until 7 p.m., just before game time, with music, food, beverages and give-away items for the crowds. wear your cardinals red -- even the plaza's fountain is dressed in redbird colors for the series.tonight (monday) the washington avenue loft district celebrates the world series with a heat up red october rally until 10 p.m. find the fun along washington from tucker to 14th street. the shrinking violets provide the music.
# posted by the cvc team @ 5:31 pm  

tuesday, october 17, 2006
 

happy birthday, chuck

roll over, beethoven, it's 80 candles for st. louis' famous native son, mr. chuck berry.the rock 'n' roll icon celebrates his birthday wednesday, october 18 at blueberry hill in the hip and happening loop neighborhood where he still plays to packed houses once a month.berry created rock as we know it was was a major influence on the beatles, the rolling stones and countless musicians. he brought the musical worlds of black and white america together and created some of the world's best-loved and unforgettable songs.inducted into the rock 'n' roll hall of fame in 1986, berry also has a star on the st. louis walk of fame in the loop neighborhood. his song johnny b. goode was sent into outer space on the voyager, proving what everyone in st. louis already knew, chuck berry is out of this world.many happy returns!
# posted by the cvc team @ 4:35 pm  

friday, september 29, 2006
 

explore st. louis with a knife and fork

there's nothing better than a fall food festival. crisp sunny days and the best bites from the top chefs in st. louis combine to create the perfect day. that's exactly what we've got on tap for this weekend -- it's the annual taste of st. louis and all that's missing is you.the festival kicks off friday night, september 29 (4 - 10:30 p.m.) and continues saturday, september 30 (11 a.m. - 10:30 p.m.) and sunday, october 1 (11 a.m. - 10 p.m.) in kiener plaza and along the gateway mall downtown.more than 30 of st. louis' top restaurants are serving "tastes" from their menus, plus you can watch the taste of st. louis culinary competition and enjoy a michelob beer garden, artist village, marketplace, family fun & sports zone, an art car exhibit, and much more.national musical acts include murphy lee, son volt, erin bode and many others performing throughout the festival.this weekend also marks the return of gateway classic football. head to the edward jones dome at america's center on saturday, september 30, to watch the university of arkansas pine bluff take on tuskeegee university in some great gridiron action. a not-to-be-missed battle of the bands takes place at half time and a 9 a.m. downtown parade kicks off the day.
# posted by the cvc team @ 6:26 pm  

thursday, september 28, 2006
 

stompin' at the savoy

stompin’ at cabaret in the savoy roomwant to spend an elegant evening with a broadway legend? head to grand center’s sheldon concert hall’s new savoy room for an amazing performance by kitty carlisle hart. the intimate performance space, now the home of the popular cabaret series, welcome the amazing 96-year-old broadway baby for a limited five-show engagement from october 19 through 22.kitty carlisle hart’s show, here’s to life, comes to st. louis after sold-out runs in new york and san francisco. the charming performer began her broadway stage career in 1933, co-starred in motion pictures with the likes of the marx brothers and bing crosby and became a household name with her lively appearances on the classic tv game show “what’s my line.”having been married to the late american theatre genius moss hart, kitty has engaging stories to tell about what happened behind the scenes of some of american musical theatres’ greatest shows. her repertoire includes some of the best-loved songs of irving berlin, the gershwins, cole porter, jerome kern, rodgers & hammerstein and more.the savoy room is an intimate venue that harkens back to the days when men wore suits and women donned hats, gloves and pearls when stepping out on the town. it provides the perfect setting for this elegant performer.tickets go on sale saturday, september 30 at 10 a.m. at the fox theatre box office and metrotix. charge via phone at 314-534-1111 or purchase online at www.metrotix.com.
# posted by the cvc team @ 2:37 pm  

friday, september 22, 2006
 

great pairings: lewis & clark, jazz & wine & more

the bicentennial of the lewis & clark expedition's historic 1804 - 1806 journey from st. louis to the pacific ocean and back to st. louis ends this weekend, september 22 - 24, on the mississippi river under the gateway arch.native american tribes will explain their history and culture and the lewis & clark corps of discovery reenactors who have traveled the trail for the past two years will return in a stirring ceremony. (learn more)kmox radio's jazz & wine festival takes place at chesterfield's faust park on saturday, september 23. festivities begin at 2 p.m. and continue until 8 p.m. tickets are $15 at the door. jazz artists on stage during the event include denise thimes, the erin bode group, kim massie and other favorites. the first 2,200 guests will receive a commemorative wine glass. wines featured during the event come from national and regional wineries. (get details)speaking of jazz, the old webster jazz festival is on tap for saturday, september 23 at the intersection of gore & lockwood. enjoy music from 10 bands on two stages from noon until 11 p.m. a taste of old webster food festival, kids' play areas, and music workshops at webster university add to the fun.is there anything cuter than a fuzzy otter? the st. louis metro ford dealers ottertoberfest starts this weekend at the saint louis zoo. saturday and sunday from 10 a.m. until 3 p.m., families can enjoy otter-related kids' activities, a biergarten for adults, live german music, an international marketplace and much more. call 314-781-0900 for details.
# posted by the cvc team @ 4:39 pm  

tuesday, september 12, 2006
 

grab your shoulder parrot, shiver your timbers and head for rotary park september 16-17 & 23-24 where you will step back to the year 1755 for the st. louis pirate festival.the park, which also is home to the greater st. louis renaissance faire in the spring, will be transformed into the caribbean town of fort royal for the two weekends. reenactors will portray everyone's favorite (or most-feared) historical pirates including blackbeard, bart roberts, ann bonny and mary read. others will portray martinique's french governor, townspeople and and the military.the swashbuckling pirate music and entertainment, food and crafts and children's activities take place from 10 a.m. until 6 p.m. each day. admission is $12 for adults; $9 for seniors and students; $6 for children under 12; and kids five and under are free (because pirates just love children).more information, directions, and a discount coupon worth $2 off your admission, are available at the festival web site.
# posted by the cvc team @ 9:58 am  

friday, september 08, 2006
 

this weekend: ars gratia artis

"ars gratia artis." the latin phrase meaning "art for art's sake" may be the motto of the roaring lion at mgm studios, but this weekend it could just as easily be referring to st. louis' special event scene.check out the 13th annual st. louis art fair, located in the heart of downtown clayton, today through sunday, september 10. hours are 5 - 10 p.m., friday; 10 a.m. - 10 p.m., saturday; and 11 a.m. - 4 p.m., sunday. admission is free.in addition to works of art from165 artists and craft artisans from the u.s., canada and europe, the fair offers free entertainment on multiple stages and food from some of the area's finest restaurants and crafts for kids. the fair is rated among the top in the nation. works for purchase include paintings, jewelry, glass objects, photography, sculpture, wood and metal works and pieces in mixed media.the third annual art outside event, located at the schlafly bottleworks in maplewood, runs friday night from 5 - 10 p.m. and saturday from 10 a.m. - 10 p.m. fifty artists will display and sell their works at the festival which also features food from area restaurants, entertainment and do-it-yourself projects.sunday, from noon until 4 p.m., the saint louis art museum stages a european extravaganza to celebrate the reinstallation of the museum's early european galleries. guests from the greater st. louis renaissance festival join museum visitors for ford family sunday.andy warhol's ethereal silver clouds will be installed at saint louis university's museum of contemporary religious art beginning sunday, september 10. the floating mylar balloons will be on display until december 17 in celebration of the exhibition's original opening 40 years ago in 1966. admission is free.and don't forget that the wildly popular chihuly: glass in the garden exhibition continues at the missouri botanical garden through october 31.
# posted by the cvc team @ 2:01 pm  

thursday, september 07, 2006
 

rams season ticket designs feature st. louis attractions

are you ready for some football?the nfl season starts this week and season ticket holders are in for a nice surprise. the designs for the 2006 tickets pair some of the rams most popular players and their new coach, scott linehan, with some of st. louis' top visitor attractions.attractions selected to adorn the team's tickets include the edward jones dome -- home of the rams; the gateway arch -- america's tallest man-made monument; the hand-built cabin of president ulysses s. grant at grant's farm; the beautiful missouri botanical garden; the missouri history museum in forest park; the historic old courthouse; the saint louis zoo -- recently named the top zoo in the nation by zagat guides and parenting magazine; the saint louis art museum -- dedicated to art and free to all; the amazing st. louis science center; and st. louis union station -- once the largest station in the nation and now a marketplace, entertainment district and national historic landmark.for information on rams' ticket availability for the season, click on www.stlouisrams.com or contact the team's ticket office at 314-425-8830, 800-246-7367 or by e-mail at info@ramstix.stlouisrams.com.
# posted by the cvc team @ 5:29 pm  

 

welcome to st. louis, macy's

visitors report that shopping is their number one activity while on vacation. that's no surprise to us in st. louis where charming boutiques and terrific home-grown retailers abound in the neighborhoods and shopping districts throughout the city and county.that said, visitors and locals alike will adore what giant retailer macy's has done for downtown since its aquisition of the st. louis-based may company department stores.may's former famous-barr flagship store -- located in the historic railway exchange building on olive street -- has been brought back to life courtesy of a macy's makeover that you have to see to believe. new paint, new carpet, new merchandise and -- best of all -- new attitude are adding up to a stellar shopping experience within a stroll of the downtown hotels, the gateway arch and the america's center convention complex.check out the changes during the macy's block party on friday, september 8 from 11:30 until 1:30. the street celebration will feature music, food, prizes and a chance to see downtown's renewed retail hub. charge!
# posted by the cvc team @ 2:24 pm  

wednesday, september 06, 2006
 

q, 'cue or 'que: it's called st. louis style cooking

did you know that st. louisans are the nation's top consumers of barbecue sauce? at home we grill pork steaks -- a marbled cut of meat from the pork shoulder found only in st. louis --on our weber kettles and smother them with sweet 'n smoky maull's sauce (made locally in st. louis).but, if you're visiting and can't get an invitation to someone's back yard, don't fret. there are some terrific places to get a taste of the lou's top bbq. and no matter how you choose to spell it -- q, 'cue or 'que -- barbecue is a tasty st. louis tradition, don't leave town without trying our take on america's favorite food at these recommended restaurants:bite into the barbequed salciccia at bb's jazz, blues & soups. charbroiled with q sauce and served with grilled green peppers and onions, the sandwich comes along with a side of st. louis fries and some of the best live music in town. nearby in the soulard neighborhood -- best know for its blues music clubs and friendly restaurants -- hammerstone's serves a barbecued pork steak that is smoked and then grilled in their special sauce. soulard's restaurant barbecues ham and tops the tasty sandwiches with cole slaw for its happy customers. a barbecued shrimp appetizer is served with petit biscuits. cajun bbq shrimp makes an appearance on the menu at the broadway oyster bar where visitors will find bands playing on the popular patio most evenings.at blueberry hill in the loop neighborhood, you can savor a barbecue beef sandwich and enjoy the rock 'n roll memorabilia that fills the popular restaurant and club where st. louis-born superstar chuck berry plays to the crowds. smoked baby back ribs and a bbq burger are served across the street at fitz's, a root beer microbrewery and restaurant in the loop. the neighborhood's mirasol restaurant offers antichchos -- skewered and grilled appetizers of chicken and chorizo with a guava barbecue sauce. at riddles penultimate cafe & wine bar whole pork butts come from happy pigs that are raised hormone and antibiotic-free by family farm owners in missouri's ozark mountains. the meat is dry-rubbed two times then slow-smoked over hickory wood in the restaurant's kitchen for nine hours before being served with blackstrap bar-be-que sauce and fresh cut homegrown cabbage slaw.boogaloo, located in the maplewood neighborhood, gives barbecue a caribbean spin with cajun barbecued shrimp on the tapas menu and jamaican jerk chicken among the restaurant's popular entrees. maplewood's schlafly bottleworks smothers pulled pork in a chipotle-pale ale sauce and pairs hickory smoked and glazed baby back ribs with white cheddar mashed potatoes.at the two locations -- downtown and westport -- of dierdorf & hart's barbecued shrimp are served covered in a cajun butter by the former st. louis cardinals' football stars dan dierdorf and jim hart. another sports celebrity, cardinals baseball broadcaster mike shannon, prepares a barbecued chicken breast at his establishment overlooking the new busch stadium in downtown st. louis. the baby back ribs at j.buck's four locations come with an sweet apple jalapeno glaze, onion rings and cole slaw. barbecued chicken also graces a pizza with sour cream and cilantro at the restaurant named for the late, great cardinals baseball broadcaster jack buck and his family.downtown in the washington avenue loft district near the convention center, copia urban winery offers a house smoked pulled pork sandwich served with a roasted green chile mango bbq sauce and covered with cheddar cheese on the lunch menu and a house smoked rack of ribs for dinner.in the laclede's landing entertainment district, hannegan's restaurant was built as a replica of the u.s. senate dining room. their jack daniels bar-b-qued chicken, which is marinated, hickory smoked, flame grilled and basted with jack daniels bbq sauce is the real thing. a full slab of baby back ribs gets the jd treatment too and comes with a side of garlic roasted mashed potatoes. also on the landing, jake's steaks pairs bbq pork with nachos for a wild west appetizer. smoked beef brisket soaked in a red barbeque sauce and covered with cheddar cheese and bacon also make the grade at jake's. bbq chicken and smoked pork ribs come with an apricot jalapeno glaze at jake's and grilled chicken breasts are also served with a white barbecue sauce. any entree can be ordered st. louis blues style with a layer of blue cheese. at the neighborhood's morgan street brewery, the barbecued shrimp are simmered in cajun spices and the brewery's own red lager. show me's on the landing serves their st. louis-style ribs in five-bone, 10-bone or 20-bone servings. smoked pork ribs, bbq pulled pork and chicken and ribs are on the menu at skeeter's eatery on the landing.the hard rock cafe, located in st. louis union station, serves a pulled pork sandwich that is hickory smoked and hand-pulled before being basted with a vinegar-style sauce. a hamburger becomes a stand-out menu item with the addition of hickory sauce, bacon and melted cheddar cheese. a full rack of baby back ribs and a chicken & ribs combo round out the barbecue menu.nearby, harry's updates the sandwich with house-smoked pulled pork served on an asiago bun, with pepperjack cheese and caramelized onions.the menu changes seasonally at harvest where the chef prides himself on using locally produced foods. barbequed shrimp n’ grits pairs the shellfish with vermont white cheddar grits and a housemade barbeque sauce. pulled smoked pork with caramelized onions and bbq sauce heads the lunch menu at 1111 mississippi, a wine country bistro in the historic lafayette square neighborhood.recess is calling and so is the barbecue at dave & buster's. you can enjoy their famous barbecued chicken and slowed-cooked and tender st. louis-style pork ribs while playing on the arcade games at their suburban earth city location during lunch or dinner.max & erma's serves the classic ribs and chicken combination with onion rings and cole slaw from their downtown st. louis restaurant and tanner b's downtown delivers st. louis ribs - pork ribs dry rubbed and slow smoked cooked with a hickory bbq sauce -- to the table. for lighter tastes, the menu offers a bbq pork loin sandwich - a grilled pork loin topped with caribbean bbq sauce.for more on st. louis' dining scene, check out all the restaurants on explore st. louis. 
# posted by the cvc team @ 4:45 pm  

monday, august 28, 2006
 

politically incorrect

it's a big election year and st. louis' hottest theatre companies are talking about it in polite company. from now through the mid-term elections and beyond, nine groups are staging productions as part of the first st. louis political theatre festival. whether you're red or blue, get out the green to purchase tickets in support of live theatre in st. louis.the productions include:'american buffalo,' nonprophet theater company, thursday-aug 27, wolfson studio theatre, jewish community center, 2 millstone campus drive, 314-752-5075, www.nptco.org.'troilus and cressida,' st. louis shakespeare, sept. 1-10, grandel theatre, 3610 grandel square, 314-534-1111, www.stlshakespeare.org.'touch the names,' soundstage productions, sept. 17, the heights, 8001 dale avenue, 314-968-8070, www.soundstageproductions.net.'tartuffe,' stray dog theatre, oct. 5-22, the little theatre, 1 mark twain circle, 314-865-1995, www.straydogtheatre.org.'bold girls,' the orange girls, oct. 6-22, anheuser-busch studio theatre at the center of creative arts, 524 trinity avenuemore, 314-520-9557, www.orangegirls.org.'coming out stories: an interactive event,' that uppity theatre company and playback workshop theatre, oct. 11, location tba, 314-995-4600;www.uppityco.com.'johnny appleweed,' new line theatre, oct. 12-nov. 4, artloft theatre, 314-534-1111, www.newlinetheatre.com.'girl gone,' nonprophet theater company, oct. 19-29, wolfson studio theatre, 314-752-5075, www.nptco.org.'sonnets for an old century,' off center theatre's slightly askew theatre ensemble, dec. 7-17, location tba, 314-322-8850, www.slightlyoff.org.
# posted by the cvc team @ 11:06 am  

friday, august 25, 2006
 

mr. lincoln comes to town

although he lived in nearby springfield, illinois, debated stephen douglas in alton, illinois and gave a rousing campaign speech from a balcony in belleville, illinois, there is no record of president abraham lincoln ever visiting st. louis' western mississippi river shores -- until now.the saint louis university museum of art brings the lincoln legacy to life in a new exhibition of photographs, documents, manuscripts and much more associated with the great emancipator's presidential years.one of the exhibit's must-see artifacts is a rare copy of the 13th amendment, which banned slavery, signed by the president and 36 members of the senate.pay your respects to mr. lincoln from now through december 17. the museum is open wednesdays through sundays from 11 a.m. until 4 p.m. and admission is free. true lincoln buffs will want to combine this exhibit with an easy day trip to the new lincoln presidential library in springfield, illinois, using st. louis as your home base.
# posted by the cvc team @ 5:28 pm  

 

it's a girl! elephant baby debuts today

little suri cruise might be the most elusive baby in hollywood, but here in st. louis we like to show off our bundles of joy.the newest addition to the pachyderm nursery at the famous saint louis zoo makes her debut today in the river's edge habitat. the yet-to-be-named darling weighed in at 341 pounds at her birth on august 2.her mother, ellie, and her aunties will be welcoming visitors along with proud papa, raja -- the first elephant to be born at the saint louis zoo, 13 years ago.learn more on the zoo's web site.  (update: the baby's name has been selected. it's maliha, which means "strong" and "beautiful." the asian name reflect's the elephant's native heritage and was chosen by a popular vote of zoo visitors.)
# posted by the cvc team @ 11:23 am  

thursday, august 10, 2006
 

everything's coming up daisies

daisy clover boutique in lovely webster groves is celebrating its second anniversary with three days of customer appreciation festivities. from august 18 through august 20, stop in for food, drinks, giveaways, a trunk show and discounts throughout the entire store. visit to find out why st. louis magazine’s a-list voted daisy clover “st louis’ best women’s boutique.”daisy clover’s owner natalie woods'goal is simple: stock fashion, the best she can find, in sizes to fit the average woman and to serve it up in the most comfortable environment she can create.customers can save 20% off everything in the store (excluding trunk show and consignment merchandise). this discount is good on regular and sale priced merchandise. shoppers and browsers can enjoy free champagne and munchies and register to win lots of goodies including three, $100 shopping sprees that will be given away (one shopping spree per day).during the three-day anniversary, see a special trunk show from st louis’-own lesley timpe. ms. timpe will have a plethora of pieces available for sale from her clothing line “squasht by les”.daisy clover features designers rebecca taylor, jak & rae, original penguin, lilla p, milly and lots more, plus they are always adding new designers to the mix. daisy clover also carries a wide variety of designer jeans including joe’s jeans, citizens of humanity, j& company and 575s. accessories include jewelry from stacey cameron and viv & ingrid as well as handbags from hobo international.stop in and visit during the 2nd anniversary celebration at 8146 big bend boulevard, or visit www.daisy-clover.com for more information.
# posted by the cvc team @ 1:41 pm  

tuesday, august 08, 2006
 

roses are red...

this one is, too.it's named for chihulyand on view for you.the spectacular color and delicacy of the chihuly roses at the missouri botanical garden mirror the passionate sculptures by renowned artist dale chihuly featured in the current “glass in the garden” exhibit.the roses are double-bloom floribundas with striking color, a “standout” in the gladney rose garden where they were planted last spring, according to sarah anderson, missouri botanical garden rosarian."it is hard to miss the bright colors that emerge on each flower. the buds start out yellow, with pale orange accents. as the bloom opens, it does something that few roses do.  it ‘suntans’ to a bold mix of oranges and reds,” said anderson.  these bright colors are beautifully offset by dark green and burgundy foliage.     the chihuly bed so far has done well, blooming continuously even in the summer st. louis heat wave, anderson said.  the staff anticipates that the roses will overwinter well and will protect them with woodchips.to find the rose, stand in the center of the gladney garden and, with the linnean house at your back, proceed south up the center path.  the bed of roses is the next to last on the right, just before the boundary of the gladney garden.  the bed is within sight of several of chihuly’s sculptures that are on display through oct. 31. the roses are marked by a placard.the chihuly rose is a hybrid that was developed by tom carruth and offered to the public in 2004.  check with local nurseries and garden centers for availability in the st. louis area.  the garden gate shop will also carry some this fall.
# posted by the cvc team @ 3:07 pm  

friday, august 04, 2006
 

ooommpaaahhh in st. louis

beer, brats and oompah music are on tap in st. louis this weekend.  the gateway city's german heritage is on display at the following fun-filled activities:schlaffenfest 20068/4/2006 - 8/5/2006location: schlafly tap room time: 8:00 p.m.; twangang show on saturday runs from 12:00 p.m. - 6:00 p.m.cost: $10.00 each night for musical acts; twangbang show no cover change.a yearly celebration of music, art and hoosier feats of strength and endurance held at the schlafly tap room. friday night features musical acts bad folk and murder by death. saturday night will feature bobby bare jr. and magnolia summer. saturday afternoon will feature local bands maid*rite, rats and people, and strawfoot in a special twangbang showcase. twangbang highlights the best alt-country, folk, bluegrass and rockabilly st. louis has to offer. in addition to musical performances, the day includes a fashion show by the arch rival rollergirls, st. louis’s own roller derby team. on display will be bob reuter’s hoosier hall of fame photo gallery. attendees are encouraged to participate in the gooey butter cake eating contest and air guitar competition.st. louis strassenfest (german street festival)8/4/2006 - 8/6/2006location: poelker memorial parkcost: freecelebrate st. louis' german heritage. entertainment includes continuous music by local and german bands, juried arts and crafts show and sale, rides and children's stage. proceeds go to charity and scholarship funds.music at mount pleasant8/5/2006location: mount pleasant winery time: 12:30 p.m. - 4 p.m.cost: $5 coverhead to the nearby missouri wine country town of augusta and the pretty patio at mount pleasant winery to hear the rich mcdonough blues band perform.fahrradtour und augustfest8/6/2006location: scheve park, mascoutah, iltime: 7:30 a.m. - 9:00 a.m.cost: $6.00 trailnet member; $9.00 non-member; $3.00 child under 13this trailnet sponsored bicycle ride is a pleasent pedal through the german-setteled countryside with route choices of 16, 26, 37 or 50 miles on flat terrain with some small hills. after the ride enjoy the food, drinks, games and displays that are part of mascoutah's annual german heritage festival.
# posted by the cvc team @ 1:19 pm  

tuesday, august 01, 2006
 

shutterbug alert!

the missouri botanical garden offers photographers a special opportunity to capture the magic of dale chihuly’s “glass in the garden” exhibition in the early morning light on the second saturday of each month.photographers may use tripods or monopods inside the climatron and shoenberg temperate house from 7 to 8 a.m. on aug. 12, sept. 9 and oct. 14 only.  during regular visiting hours, tripods and monopods are not permitted inside any of the conservatories; the garden only allows handheld cameras indoors.  however, a limited number of photographers will have these two conservatories to themselves during this hour reserved just for them.  visitors with tickets to see “glass in the garden” will be admitted to the climatron starting at 8:30 a.m.reservations are required for the photo sessions and only 25 photographers will be admitted each time.  the cost per one-hour session is $50 ($25 garden member) for one photographer.  for a reservation, call (314) 577-5101.  upon arrival, a wristband will be issued that allows entry into the climatron.  photographers may not bring additional guests or equipment such as lights that require electricity. the early morning access is open to both amateur and professional photographers for their enjoyment.  photos taken of the “glass in the garden” art may not be used or sold for commercial purposes.
# posted by the cvc team @ 3:39 pm  

monday, july 31, 2006
 

consider yourself at home in st. louis

where is love?   at the muny in forest park.  attending live musical theatre at the muny, the nation’s largest outdoor theater, is a venerated st. louis summer tradition.  this week, oliver, the artful dodger and their pickpocket gang will steal your heart. the classic charles dickens’ tale-turned-broadway smash,  oliver!, runs august 1 through 6.  falling in love is what it’s all about when seven brothers are each seeking a bride.  the rousing, romantic romp seven brides for seven brothers brings the muny’s 89th season to a delightful conclusion.  for ticket information, click on www.muny.org
# posted by the cvc team @ 2:28 pm  

friday, july 28, 2006
 

what's on this weekend: july 28-30

it's music and it's freecome down to the riverfront overlook stage under the gateway arch for live on the levee when lyle lovett lights the stage on friday, july 28 and grand funk railroad retro rocks on saturday, july 29. the festival grounds open at 5 p.m., local bands play at 6 p.m. and the headliners take the stage at 8 p.m. the evenings end with fireworks over the mississippi at 9:30 p.m.at the saint louis art museum in forest park, enjoy art after five, a free music concert by jazz man dave stone and his trio. the music moves you from 6 p.m. until 8:30 p.m. on sculpture terrace. delectable food and drink are available at puck’s, the museum’s elegant café. bonus: the special exhibition gallery is open free on fridays until 9 p.m.get fired up!all boys and girls love shiny red fire trucks and they can climb aboard one at the missouri history museum on saturday at 3 p.m. during the benjamin franklin: fired up! event. celebrate franklin's contributions and the heroism of our city's own municipal fire department (second oldest in the nation). join st. louis fire captain derek phillips as he presents a public safety demonstration and take in the benjamin franklin 300th birthday exhibit.here’s mud in your eye… …and your hair, and your toes and your elbows. it’s time for mighty mud mania on saturday, july 28 from 9 a.m. until 2 p.m. at jefferson barracks historic park. the ultimate in muddy madness ensues when kids aged 5-15 can slither, crawl and romp through a 200-foot-long obstacle course built in a gooey, slippery, wet and cool mud pit.gentlemen, start your engines!rev it up at gateway international raceway this weekend during the shop 'n save 150 arca re-max series on friday night, july 28 and the nascar busch series 250 races on saturday, july 29.how do you like them tomatoes?the best homegrown tomato challenge returns to the missouri botanical garden on saturday, july 29. registration begins at 10:00 a.m.; judging at 11:30 a.m. garden admission is free on july 29 before noon to anyone who brings three tomatoes or 12 cherry tomatoes (of the same type) to enter in the contest. a 5,000 grand prize will be awarded to the gardener whose homegrown tomato is chosen as the best by a panel of judges. contestant entry forms are available in early july at local schnucks, dierbergs and shop 'n save stores. the event is sponsored by naturesweet.there's more! visit the interactive calendar of events on the official travel portal of st. louis for a comprehensive list of this weekend's events.
# posted by the cvc team @ 6:23 pm  

tuesday, july 18, 2006
 

found: hard-to-find cardinals baseball tickets

cheer on the cardinals and help fight breast cancer.catch a potentially-decisive game at new busch stadium on tuesday, september 12 when the cards take on their central division rival, the houston astros. first pitch is set for 7:10 p.m.that night, the cardinals have teamed up with the judy foundation to take a swing at breast cancer. proceeds from select ticket sales benefit the foundation which provides uninsured and disadvantaged women access to mammograms and follow-up breast health care.individual seat judy foundation tickets are available now at st. louis-area dierberg grocery stores. price are: $29 pavilion box; $18 bleacher; and $15 terrace reserve plus a lucky cardinal’s pink tie-dyed “giving back matters” wristband.group tickets are available through the judy foundation by calling 314-727-judy (5839).since its inception in 1998, the judy foundation has donated more than $926,000 to regional breast health centers.
# posted by the cvc team @ 6:17 pm  

thursday, july 13, 2006
 

livin' for the weekend? july 14-16 events

it's music and it's free come down to the riverfront overlook stage under the gateway arch for "live on the levee: better than ezra, sister hazel & india irie," friday, july 14 and saturday, july 15. the festival grounds open at 5 p.m., local bands play at 6 p.m. and the headliners take the stage at 8 p.m. the evenings end with fireworks over the mississippi at 9:30 p.m. better than ezra plays friday night and india irie is saturday. off with their heads (or, let them drink beer)it's time for the 20th annual soulard bastille days festival. a jovial mob of peasants kicks off the celebration at 7 p.m. friday, july 14 in soulard market park with the ceremonial (mock) beheading of king louis and marie antoinette to mark st. louis' french heritage. you'll find music and food in the park and in the fine and lively establishments of the soulard neighborhood all weekend as well as a championship bicycle race on sunday. for more information call: (314) 621-6226where's the fire?all boys and girls love shiny red fire trucks. show up at city museum on saturday, july 15 and you can explore the emergency vehicles in person at the fire engine rally and mingle with some real firefighters.speaking of redthe redbirds are in town for a weekend home stand at the new busch stadium against the los angeles dodgers. games are played at 7:10 p.m. on friday, 6:15 p.m. on saturday and 1:15 p.m. on sunday.  that wet dog smellbring your best friend and your camera to the annual "paddle with your pooch" event at the boathouse in forest park on sunday, july 16. the dog and master boat race is one of the highights of summer for animal lovers.there's more visit the interactive calendar of events  on the official travel portal of st. louis for a comprehensive list of this weekend's events.
# posted by the cvc team @ 5:28 pm  







links

explore st. louis
be a tourist

archives

july 2005august 2005september 2005october 2005november 2005december 2005january 2006february 2006march 2006april 2006may 2006june 2006july 2006august 2006september 2006october 2006november 2006december 2006january 2007february 2007march 2007april 2007may 2007july 2007august 2007september 2007





