





















minnehaha creek water district - quality of water, quality of life






















































skip to content








menu









our approach

to achieve a balanced urban ecology, we partner to deliver high-impact projects and policies that bridge land use and water planning.
 balanced urban ecology
watershed management plan
climate action framework


partnerships

we collaborate with public and private partners in a focused, flexible, and responsive manner to maximize natural resource benefits and the goals of our communities.
 land & water partnership program


projects

we manage and protect water resources across a 178-square-mile region through capital project partnerships.
 focal geographies
search projects


explore

see current water level and water quality data across the watershed, learn more about the issues and management strategies that drive our work, and find new places to explore.
 watershed strategies
water quality
water levels
watershed places
gray’s bay dam
paddle minnehaha creek


permits

as a regulatory agency, we issue permits for a variety of activities that impact land and water. need a permit? we’re here to help.
 regulations
permitting resources and faq



search


what can we help you find?


search for:



 

 










quality of water,quality of life
partnering to protect and improve land and water










paddle the creek





water levels





gray's bay dam operations





water quality





permits





our team





a balanced urban ecology
as one of the largest urban watersheds in the state, we work with partners to build capital projects that improve water quality, reduce flooding, and create a landscape of vibrant communities where the natural and built environments exist in balance to create value and enjoyment.

our approach
about mcwd



water levels at a glance  





{{ title }}



status











{{ title }}



status











{{ title }}



status










view more water level and creek flow data on our water levels page. explore current and historic dam discharge rates on the gray’s bay dam operations page.



water levels
dam operations






featured projects  


we build projects that measurably improve water quality, reduce flooding, benefit people and communities, and create new, vibrant places across the watershed. we support partners in implementing projects that bridge water and community development.  



search projects



 


325 blake road restoration
hopkinsminnehaha creek subwatershed





 


six mile marsh prairie restoration
minnetristasix mile creek – halsted bay subwatershed





 


maple creek pond improvement project
plymouthgleason lake subwatershed










am i in the district?


the minnehaha creek watershed district encompasses 178 square miles in the western twin cities metropolitan area that includes both urban and rural landscapes and roughly 29 cities and townships. the six mile creek chain of lakes, lake minnetonka, gray’s bay dam, minnehaha creek, the minneapolis chain of lakes, and minnehaha falls are all part of the watershed.



explore the watershed








are you in the district? 
enter an address below to find out:













searching …







public notices  


feb 04


permit #24-383: th 5 and hwy 11 road project




feb 04


permit #24-132: 19685 hwy 7




feb 04


permit #24-560: hwy 11 shoulder widening




feb 04


permit #25-036: centerpoint energy hale neighborhood




feb 14


permit 24-593: shorewood meadow



view all public notices »


upcoming meetings & events  


feb 27


ppc meeting




feb 27


board meeting




mar 13


opc meeting




mar 13


board meeting




mar 19


march 19, 2025 cac meeting



view meeting calendar »











minnehaha creek watershed district15320 minnetonka blvd, minnetonka, mn 55345office: 952-471-0590office open mon—thu, 8:00am—4:30pmon fridays staff can be reached by phone or email.
 




about mcwd

board of managers
our team
committees
finances & reports
employment
faq



newsroom

public notices
requests for proposals



calendar

meetings & agendas



get involved

volunteer opportunities
best practice resources
partner organizations



 




facebook
twitter
youtube
instagram
linkedin
copyright © 2023 minnehaha creek watershed district. all rights reserved.
contact us | privacy policy | accessibility




 




















