














procare usa medical staffing solutions



















































skip to content
skip to footer







sign in








benefits & pay
staffing solutions
refer-n-earn
about us
contact us
search jobs

get started








sign in




homepage



benefits & pay
staffing solutions
refer-n-earn
about us
contact us
search jobs
 
get started











sign in




homepage



benefits & pay
staffing solutions
refer-n-earn
about us
contact us
search jobs
 
get started












 

 

find the job that takes you where you want to be
 




profession
radiology
rn
tech
therapist




locations
alabama
alaska
arizona
arkansas
california
colorado
connecticut
delaware
district of columbia
florida
georgia
hawaii
idaho
illinois
indiana
iowa
kansas
kentucky
louisiana
maine
maryland
massachusetts
michigan
minnesota
mississippi
missouri
montana
nebraska
nevada
new hampshire
new jersey
new mexico
new york
north carolina
north dakota
ohio
oklahoma
oregon
pennsylvania
rhode island
south carolina
south dakota
tennessee
texas
utah
vermont
virginia
washington
west virginia
wisconsin
wyoming






                        search jobs                    





joint commission certified




healthcare recruitment nationwide
we offer temporary and permanent services for medical professionals, providing access to one of the largest networks of qualified travel, per diem, and permanent healthcare placement networks in the world.
whether you want to travel and see the places you’ve always dreamed of visiting or are looking to settle down, we can match your level of job experience to open positions in the locations that interest you!


we specialize in the following nursing and allied health professional placements:

registered nurses
licensed practical nurses
physical & occupational therapists
respiratory therapists
speech & language therapists
pharmacists & pharmacy techs
imaging
laboratory









how it works
register to access every job and every opportunity we have to offer.






 

step 1
create your profile and complete your application.
please, remember to use as much detail as possible.






 

step 2
log in to search jobs and review facility information.






 

step 3
it takes just one click! show them you’re interested.





get started







the procare usa difference
you and your career come first — we’re here to help you reach your personal and professional goals.
whether you want to travel the country, put down roots somewhere with a staff job, or find local contracts and per diem shifts close to home, our team at procare usa can not only support your career goals but be the key to achieving them.
view benefits & pay



 








testimonials






“keep it up procare, your model of personalized recruiting with each nurse limits mistakes and makes everyone’s job more effective and efficient! i worked through the pandemic in a very hard-hit area. my recruiter not only fully managed all aspects of my contract, but she also supported me as a nurse and a person. procare feels like i am with a team of professionals who facilitate my desire to be the best nurse possible. to feel valued and respected enables us to fly high and do what we are meant to do and i will forever be grateful to be a part of procare.”



adrien k.


icu rn, 3 years with procare usa





“i love working with procare usa. my recruiter, phyllis, is outstanding! during the summer seasons, when travel contracts are harder to come by, phyllis makes sure to assist me with per diem jobs at local hospitals. the compliance department keeps me up to date with facilities and their expectations. i’ve worked with numerous companies over the years – procare usa is by far my favorite.”



moses m.


telemetry float pool rn, 3 years with procare usa





“procare has supported me through difficult family times where i needed to find the right work situation to match my inconsistent availabilities as i attended to my emergent family needs. my recruiter phyllis has been with me since day one at procare and i’ve admired how professional and genuinely compassionate she is to her nurses. she’s taken care of some of my best friends and i’ve heard nothing but compliments and positive feedback about working with her. personally i recommend procare usa because of the transparency and trust that i’ve build with multiple team members.”



roman k.


icu rn, 3.5 years with procare usa





“i would absolutely recommend procare usa. my recruiter, sandy, answers her phone whether call or text, and she gets things done right away!”



shola s.


er rn, 1.5 years with procare usa





“the team at procare usa is quick and efficient, and they always find out ways to fulfill my requests to help me be more prepared for assignments. my recruiter is quick to submit to opportunities so i have a better chance to lock in the assignment.”



bailey s.


sdu rn, 2 years with procare usa





“i have had an excellent experience working with this agency. the team is very prompt in responding to my emails. there were times when i would forget to clock out after a long stressful day. i would email payroll and my recruiter, file some paperwork, but i’d still get my paycheck on time. that meant a lot!”



steffi l.


er rn, 2 years with procare usa





“procare is very personable and responsive. i’ve worked with many other agencies, and by far procare has the best staff – always available and helpful. whether its my recruiter, shout out to anthony who is superb, compliance, or payroll – they always fix any issues/concerns you’re having right away.”



christina p.


icu rn, 1.5 years with procare usa






get started







healthcare staffing solutions
we specialize in the recruiting and placing of dedicated medical professionals to improve the quality of patient care.
taking the time, effort, and money needed to find qualified job candidates out of your hands and into ours means your team can focus on what counts — providing exceptional healthcare with a staff that supports your mission.
let procare usa connect you with qualified candidates today!
learn more



 




 





find the job you want!
register


find qualified
staffing candidates
submit a staffing request






















 

joint commission certified







phone: 

                                800-403-5975                            


email: 

                                    info@procareusa.com                                









search jobs
refer-n-earn
contact us
benefits & pay
work at procare usa
staffing solutions
resources
about us
 


get started


log in




terms of services


privacy policy






procare usa 2025. all rights reserved. | brand & website by dark roast media



terms of services


privacy policy

















