











white and williams llp














main content
main menu

search









menu


peoplepeoplesearchlist by namelist by titlecapabilitiesexperienceinsightsinsightsfirm newspublicationseventsblogs & podcastsmedia centeraboutaboutwhy uspro bonocommunityofficesdeideidiversity, equity and inclusionwomen's initiativecareerscareerswhy work at white and williamsemployment opportunitiescontactcontactboston, macherry hill, njlehigh valley, panew york, nynewark, njphiladelphia, paprovidence, ristamford, cttowson, mdwilmington, degeneral inquiry
search











white and williams is pleased to announce our 2025 partner and counsel promotions. congratulations to all of our attorneys! 



higher educationr. victoria fuller, partner and co-chair of our labor and employment practice group, was recently listed as a 2024 go-to higher education lawyer by massachusetts lawyers weekly, which recognizes the top higher education lawyers across the commonwealth.



white and williams congratulates the fifteen attorneys nominated as super lawyers and ten attorneys named rising stars across our delaware, massachusetts, maryland, new jersey, new york and philadelphia offices. 



white and williams partner, randy maniloff, just published an interview, on the aba journal website, that he did with retired u.s. supreme court justice stephen breyer about the release of his new book, reading the constitution: why i chose pragmatism, not textualism.



white and williams is pleased to announce that chris konzelmann, partner, has been appointed chair of the firm's subrogation department.



white and williams llp is proud to announce that bridget la rosa, chair of the trusts and estates practice group, was named managing partner of our stamford, connecticut office. bridget has been with our firm since 2018 and has chaired the trust and estates practice since january 2022.


 

resolveyour challengedisputes distract from, and potentially can derail, the core mission of a business, but they are often unavoidable or strategically necessary. when this happens, our lawyers advise on the most expedient and efficient path to resolution, while keeping client business interests at the forefront. whether through litigation, arbitration or trial, our lawyers provide sound counsel and strategic guidance to resolve your situation.
litigationwhile business disputes can be disruptive, they can often provide opportunity, and there may be times when litigation is needed to ensure that your business remains competitive. this could mean protecting trade secrets, responding to an sec investigation, or pursuing a restrictive covenant action. when that happens, our lawyers guide clients through the various options to develop strategies that align with business objectives.
commercial arbitrationwhen commercial disputes are subject to arbitration, it is critical to have experienced counsel at your side. with deep understanding of the arbitration process, familiarity with the arbitrators and experience arbitrating matters through to final award, our lawyers guide clients through the entire arbitration process in both domestic and international venues.  
trial practiceour trial group is a connected network of seasoned trial lawyers who have a record of achievement in trying and winning complex catastrophic loss and “bet-the-company” cases before juries, judges and arbitrators. we have earned the trust of clients through not only our accomplishments but also in understanding that successful outcomes require that trial preparation begins at the outset of a dispute to best leverage all available defenses and claims.
these are a few ways clients describe our lawyers. we work hard every day to live up to those standards by providing clients with strategic legal counsel and sound business advice.
dedicated. creative. client-focused. problem solvers.these are a few ways clients describe our lawyers. we work hard every day to live up to those standards by providing clients with strategic legal counsel and sound business advice.
maximizeyour opportunityopportunities present themselves to businesses in many forms — strategic mergers, acquisitions, and joint ventures; licensing of intellectual property rights; financing of real estate; restructuring or reorganizing a business; or litigating complex issues. no matter what the opportunity, our lawyers' well-honed skills and experience help clients meet their business objectives.
corporate transactionsour lawyers assist clients entering into complex business transactions. we help entrepreneurs seeking to form companies and raise capital and counsel established companies looking to grow through acquisitions or strategic alliances. we negotiate and draft sophisticated contracts to protect our clients’ businesses and further their strategic goals.
licensing and ip protectionour lawyers advise clients in acquiring, protecting, and monetizing intellectual property rights and litigating or amicably resolving disputes to protect those rights. from patent prosecution, to licensing and technology transfers, to due diligence, our lawyers help ensure that ip portfolios remain protected and valuable assets.real estate financewe help sophisticated lenders in extending, modifying, and selling large real estate loans. our lawyers have deep experience in the intricacies of all aspects of real estate finance and help our clients to protect their interest in these complex transactions. financial restructuring and bankruptcyour bankruptcy lawyers understand the sophisticated financial relationships between creditors, equity holders, and debtors and devise and implement strategies to maximize the benefits to our clients. we regularly represent clients in bankruptcy courts throughout the country. litigationlitigation presents opportunities for clients to vindicate their rights and reputations and to protect their property interests. whether our clients are defendants or plaintiffs, we develop and implement strategies and leverage the substantial litigation and trial experience of our attorneys to meet client objectives. 








featured industries


healthcarehealthcarethe healthcare industry team is a cross-disciplinary group of attorneys who collaborate to assess and mitigate risks and develop strategies that enable our clients to capitalize on opportunities.read more
insuranceinsuranceour attorneys work collaboratively across diverse practice groups to advise insurers and provide well-rounded, business-sensitive advice about virtually every facet of the business of insurance.read more
financial & investment servicesfinancial & investment serviceswe provide clients with a multi-disciplinary team that draws from each other’s knowledge and experience, and collaborates to craft solutions to problems and pathways to success.read more
technologytechnologyour technology industry team counsels clients in the gaming and entertainment, robotics, healthtech, fintech, insurtech, software and manufacturing spaces, among others.read more

view all industries






in the news


white and williams appoints financial restructuring and bankruptcy practice group leadership
nj and pa workers' compensation benefits for 2025
white and williams announces 2025 partner and counsel promotions

view more











search









work at white and williamswhite and williams strives to recruit and maintain a workforce of highly trained and highly motivated individuals. we are committed to equal opportunity employment.

view more


jump to page







 


boston
cherry hill
center valley
new york
newark
philadelphia
providence
stamford
towson
wilmington




linkedin





twitter



facebook



rss icon






subscribe
site map
disclaimer
privacy policy
© 2025 white and williams llp
site by firmseek



by using this site, you agree to our updated privacy policy and our terms of use.






