






faculty websites in ou campus
















































etsu home    


advisories
goldlink
help
safety
a-z index

  quick links   


close   x

apply to etsu
contact us
catalog
d2l


email (student goldmail)
email (faculty webmail)
etsu events (planit etsu)
give to etsu


need help?
registration/class schedule
safety on campus
visit etsu





people finder   


close   x
people search terms    







 
etsu search terms






























home
about cms
templates

template examples
left navigation examples
right column


training

training guide
training resources
usability
image resizing


faculty sites

how to begin
template color changes
faculty banners
faqs


image galleries

2012 template
2014 template
image resizing


web policy
contact us


a
a
a




training guide asset gallery guide
image gallery 2014 template 2012 image gallery using irfanview 2012 image gallery using photoshop
faculty training guide


 cms > faculty_sites >faculty


faculty websites in ou campus

etsu faculty have the option to build their faculty website in ou campus the university's content management system. ou campus allows faculty to update their content in an easy and efficient interface. currently, to update content each faculty member has to essentially "know" how to manage a website, including all the html coding, table layouts, etc. this can be a difficult and time consuming task. also a task that has to be accomplished on campus. if you should elect to move into ou campus you will be able to update your website at anytime and in any location with ease.
 


so what are the first steps?



contact the webteam  cms@etsu.edu
 or call 9-8249
the web team will be responsible for building your site in ou campus
make a plan of your website

navigation - this is the section names of a site, and the names should clearly state what lies behind them.
content - what information do you want on your pages - this includes pictures!
color - as a faculty site you will have a bit more freedom with colors - you will be able to make changes even after your site is built but first you will need to select your starting colors using our template builder.


it is that easy!



ok now comes the training!


in training you will learn to build navigation, change color options, design your own banner, use the wysiwyg editor and if time, build an image gallery.


east tennessee state university  po box 70300  johnson city, tn 37614  423-439-1000

academic technology | web department 118 sherrod library | po box 70427 johnson city, tn 37614  423-439-8249 |cms@etsu.edu





â â â 
