



magnesium-deficiency catastrophe: the magnesium web site











     mg water
    

      	   the magnesium web site 
    


  

 


         
      

  the magnesium
          online library

the magnesium online library


the magnesium online library more


		 
	  
center for magnesium education & research, llc
http://www.magnesiumeducation.com

        magnesium symposium at experimental biology 2010
program announcement, april 24, 2010, 
		anaheim convention center

        featured editorial from life extension magazine, sept. 2005:
      

how
        many americans are magnesium deficient?


         
      

        complete book by
        dr. mildred s. seelig:
      


        mg deficiency in the pathogenesis
        of disease


         
      

        free ebook
        edited by robert vink and mihai nechifor
		university of adelaide press
		2011
      

magnesium in the central nervous system


         
      
john libbey eurotext

      


        magnesium researcharchives, 2003-present



         
      


        the legal battle for recognition of the importance of dietary
        magnesium:
      

legal documents


         
      

        healthy water association
      

 healthy water
        association--usa


 arab healthy water
        association



           
        

          the magnesiumonline library
        

          ray tackaberry, successor librarian
          p.o. box 1417
          patterson, ca 95363 


          send email to the magnesium online library


go to our main menu




         
      

         
      


 


magnesium, drinking water, & health
are you getting enough magnesium to keep yourself healthy?


"according to the u.s. national academy of sciences (1977) there have been more than 50 studies, in nine countries, that have indicated an inverse relationship between water hardness and mortality from cardiovascular disease. that is, people who drink water that is deficient in magnesium and calcium generally appear more susceptible to this disease. the u.s. national academy of sciences has estimated that a nation-wide initiative to add calcium and magnesium to soft water might reduce the annual cardiovascular death rate by 150,000 in the united states." ( dr. harold d. foster , " groundwater and human health," groundwater resources of british columbia, ministry of environment, lands, and parks and environment canada, pp 6.1-6.3 (reprint), 1994.

pages 440 through 447 of the report of the safe drinking water committee of the national academy of sciences, 1977
is the rda for magnesium too low? from the 1996 fda science forum. abstract.




featured articles: 
hdfx: a recently discovered biologic and its potential use in prevention and
    treatment of hemorrhagic fever viruses and antibiotic-resistant superbugs
	view more pdf article provided by burton m altura1, asefa gebrewold and anthony carella  here.
the  high heart health value of drinking-water magnesium 
    andrea rosanoff 
center for magnesium education  & research, faculty afﬁliate, college of agriculture, forestry and natural  resource management, university of hawaii, hilo, united states

pdf: the high heart health value of drinking-water magnesium 
view more articles provided by andrea rosanoff here.
abstract
universal drinking water and beverages containing moderate to high  levels of magnesium (10–100 ppm) could potentially prevent 4.5 million heart  disease and stroke deaths per year, worldwide. this potential is calculated  with 2010 global mortality figures combined with a recent quantification of  water-magnesium’s inverse association with heart disease and stroke mortality.  the modern processed food diet, low in magnesium and spreading globally, makes  this well-researched potential of drinking-water magnesium worth serious  consideration, especially in areas where insufficient dietary intake of  magnesium is prevalent.
note from paul the mg librarian:  4.5 million deaths per annum from mg-deficient drinking water would be 450,000,000 deaths over the next 100 years.  by comparison, in the previous century only about
200,000,000  died from wars.


featured quote: 
b.m. altura and b.t. altura
this quote is from the conclusion of the article, atherosclerosis and magnesium, which was published in 2009 in the who publication, 
    calcium and magnesium in drinking-water: public health significance. link  
"...in order to prevent or ameliorate
      vascular- and cardiac-related disorders, our diets and/or drinking-water (and
      beverages) should be supplemented with magnesium. for the diets, the available
      data suggest that the total magnesium intake must be at least 450–500 mg/day,
      and drinking-water should contain a minimum of 25–50 mg/l (at present, in the
      united states, many of our potable water sources contain <10 mg/l). at the turn
      of the past century, we were ingesting, in the united states, about 450–500 mg
      of magnesium per day; at present, we are ingesting about 175–248 mg/day —
      thus, a considerable shortfall. corrections of these deficits should perforce lead
    to healthier bodies, less cardiovascular diseases and longer lifespans." 


links to over 300 articles discussing magnesium and magnesium deficiency.
to go directly to a specific category, click on an item in the list below.
some of the conditions magnesium may be useful in treating or preventing are:

aging
aggressive behavior
alcoholism
amytrophic lateral sclerosis
alzheimer's disease
arrhythmia
asthma
atherosclerosis
attention deficit disorder
autism

calcium:magnesium ratio
cancer
cerebral palsy
cerebrovascular
chemical sensitivity
chronic fatigue
cluster headaches
cocaine-related stroke
constipation
cramps
diabetes

fluoride toxicity
gitelman syndrome
head injuries, central nervous system injuries
heart disease. heart attack, atherosclerosis, cardiovascular disease, etc.
hiv, aids
hypertension
kidney stones
magnesium deficiency
menopause
migraine headache
mitral valve prolapse
multiple sclerosis
nystagmus
obesity
osteoporosis
peripheral vascular disease
pregnancy-related problems, eclampsia
premenstrual syndrome, pms
psychiatric disorders
radiation protection
repetitive strain injury
rheumatoid arthritis
sickle cell disease
sids
sports-related problems
stress
stuttering
tetanus
tinnitis, sound sensitivity
tmj
toxic shock
violence
water

articles are listed under one heading only.
      
       many of them cover more than one subject.
      
       use the search to find additional articles on your subject.




medical journal articles
dr. burton m. altura and dr. bella t. altura
dr. mildred seelig
dr. jean durlach
dr. michael shechter
dr. william j. rowe
(dr. rowe has linked the cardiovascular complications of space flight with magnesium deficits)

john libbey eurotext

        magnesium research archives, 2003-present


reports from who (world health organization):


nutrient minerals in drinking-water and the potential health consequences of consumption of demineralized and remineralized and altered mineral content drinking-water: consensus of the meeting. 2 pages. html



full text: rolling revision of the who guidelines for drinking-water quality. consensus of the meeting: nutrient minerals in drinking-water and the potential health consequences of consumption of demineralized and remineralized and altered mineral content drinking-water. 14 pages. pdf



2002 who report on mg 

calcium and magnesium in drinking-water: public health significance. published in 2009.
book, 194 pages.  





magnesium in drinking water
magnesium-rich water sources
demineralized water
how many lives did  adobe springs  save in 2015
 call for papers--previously published or original
go to page 2, the magnesium web site
information on magnesium!
      
       magnesium links!
      
       books about magnesium!




attention all major bottlers, 
        such as        coca-cola, pepsi, perrier, gallo,
        and odwalla

mg water sells bulk magnesium-rich water under the name adobe springs water co.
adobe springs water co. has 70,000,000 gallons per year of magnesium
        rich mineral water available for bottling, containing 110 mg of magnesium
        per liter. location: central california, at 19,000 del puerto canyon road,
        patterson, ca 95363. licensed by the california department of health
        since 1992. tastes great!

      contact: ray tackaberry, successor librarian, at (408) 897-3023 or email to ray@mgwater.com
consumers can take free magnesium rich water at the free
	    spigot located at adobe springs, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, at 19,000 del puerto
	    canyon road, patterson, ca 95363. free water
	    may not be sold. there's a street light at the free spigot for night
	    loading. 










        http://www.mgwater.com/
      


tel: (408) 897-3023
    
     fax: (408) 897-3028


      the number of visitors to this page beginning september 29, 1995 is: 


  


the magnesium web site was first uploaded on september 29, 1995
the magnesium online library is owned and operated by the magnesium for health foundation, p o box 1417, patterson, ca 95363 usa.  ray tackaberry, successor librarian. 
donations/bequests to support this library and further magnesium research will be gratefully accepted.



