













	industrial air compressors & blowers - compressed air services | kaeser compressors
































products and solutions
 
                



overview


rotary screw compressors


vacuum pumps


blowers


compressed air treatment


reciprocating compressors


kaeser measuring equipment


controllers


compressed air storage and pressure control


compressed air piping


portable compressors


engineered systems & solutions


used equipment





services
 
                



overview


system design


installations


leak detection


factory-trained service


customer service


gsa program


financing


compressed air as utility service


oil free rental solutions


blower system rentals






direct to

request parts, service, or technical support
request a service manual


request engineering design support







customer service
with service centers nationwide and our 24-hour emergency parts guarantee, kaeser customers can rely on the best after-sales support in the industry.












compressed air resources
 
                



overview


applications


blog: kaeser talks shop


calculators / toolbox 


downloads


events


references


compressed air tips






direct to

download literature
get our e-books



download cagi data sheets
looking for safety data sheets?
frequently asked questions







customer success stories
from global corporations to intelligent trades businesses; from food production to aerospace: our customers benefit day in, day out, from the quality, safety, and cost efficiency that a kaeser compressed air supply brings.












about us
 
                



overview


about kaeser


contacts


press


sustainability


career opportunities


community involvement


environmental responsibility


associations


sponsorships


connect with us






direct to

kaeser locations
press releases


contact us







since 1919:

the kaeser success story
learn about our development from a machine shop to one of the world's most successful manufacturers of compressed air systems.


kaeser – company history 











united states of america

select country
select countryafricaamericaasia & pacificeurope
africaamericaasia & pacificeuropeinternational

kenya


south africa



argentina
brazil
canada
chile
colombia


costa rica
ecuador
el salvador
guatemala
honduras


mexico
panama
peru
puerto rico
usa



australia
china
india
indonesia
israel


japan
korea
malaysia
new caledonia
new zealand


philippines
singapore
thailand
united arab emirates



austria
belgium
bulgaria
croatia
czech republic
denmark
estonia
finland
france
germany
greece


hungary
ireland
italy
latvia
lithuania
luxembourg
norway
poland
portugal
romania
russia


slovakia
slovenia
spain
sweden
switzerland
the netherlands
turkey
ukraine
united kingdom



international


all locations and partner companiesto the kaeser global website



contact 
















promat 2025
if you're going to chicago for promat, stop by the booth and find out how to solve your air system challenges.
learn more! 











it's a kaeser double-play!
kaeser's limited-time double play promotion offers a special price when you buy two compressors. choose between two of our best-selling models—sx 5 or sx 7.5—and take advantage of this limited-time offer.
save thousands on www.kaeserdeals.com












time is money
you can't afford for your air system to go down. contact us for spare parts, maintenance, or to talk to one of our service representatives.
contact us 


            choose reliability with kaeser parts
          






choose reliability with kaeser parts
kaeser’s service personnel use only genuine maintenance and spare parts with proven durability to ensure unrivaled reliability and long service life. only kaeser original parts guarantee tested quality.



           	time is money
          










promat 2025


it's a kaeser double-play!


time is money




 


compressed air systems by kaeser compressors

 kaeser offers a complete line of air system products including industrial air compressors with the highly efficient sigma profile and the sigma control system, mobilair portable compressors, rotary lobe and rotary screw blowers, vacuum packages, refrigerated and desiccant dryers, filters, condensate management systems and a variety of related products.

products and solutions



product notice

pfas are a diverse group of synthetic chemicals used in a wide range of consumer and industrial products. these “forever chemicals” have been shown to accumulate in the environment and human bodies, and are linked to adverse health effects. while some industrial lubricants contain pfas, kaeser does not sell any lubricants containing these compounds!


getting the most for your money

 to evaluate a compressed air system, you must begin at the end: what are your air requirements at the point of use? once you determine exactly what type and how much air you need, you can begin to factor-in design considerations, costs, and efficiencies.

get the most for your money



air system piping guide

 considerations and installation tips for compressed air distribution systems
whether you are installing a brand new system or are considering upgrades to an existing one, this e-book will assist you in identifying the best piping materials for your application and also give you installation and maintenance tips to give you the best performance possible.


air system piping guide



trade shows


promat show
  chicago, il, usa
  17. - 20. mar 2025

ids
  köln, germany
  25. - 29. mar 2025

hannover messe 2025
  hannover, germany
  30. mar - 04. apr 2025

bauma
  münchen, germany
  07. - 13. apr 2025


all trade shows





applications

 industries from pharmaceutical plants to dry-cleaning facilities depend on kaeser equipment.

applications



selecting the optimal blower for the water industry

 looking for the most efficient blower for your water industry application? discover how to choose between rotary lobe, rotary screw, and turbo blowers in our latest white paper. learn how to compare performance data and select the best option for your facility.

selecting the optimal blower for the water industry


 
the power of partnership: achieving sustainability goals with the right collaborator

 in precision machining, finding the perfect balance between innovation, reliability, and sustainability is essential. sandvik coromant, a leading manufacturer of metal cutting tools, understands this well. with a rich history dating back to 1942, sandvik coromant has established itself as a global leader in the industry, serving over 100,000 customers worldwide.

read the blog post



 
sustainable heat recovery systems: hot water applications in the automotive industry

 discover how sustainable heat recovery systems are driving energy efficiency in the automotive industry. learn how recovered heat is used for hot water applications like cleaning, surface treatments, and production space heating—all while cutting costs and reducing co₂ emissions.

read the blog post



 
save energy sustainably with heat recovery

 thanks to innovative heat recovery systems, exhaust heat can be recovered and put to good use. in our blog post, we show you the benefits of utilizing exhaust heat.

read the blog post



 
condensate management: part three - condensate removal in compressed air systems

 in this third part of our condensate management series we share best practices for effectively removing condensate from your air system and directing it to the filters.

read the blog



 
purchase vs. outsource: when outsourcing air compressor services might be the better option

 when deciding how to meet your business’s compressed air needs, you’ll likely weigh the benefits of purchasing your own compressor versus outsourcing the service. while purchasing gives you ownership and control over the equipment, outsourcing can offer flexibility, cost efficiency, and reduced management responsibilities.

read the blog post



 
maximizing efficiency and reducing costs: a guide to smart blower selection

 when choosing a blower for industrial or commercial applications, it's crucial to consider the life cycle cost. this includes the initial purchase price, operating costs, and maintenance costs over the blower’s lifespan. understanding these factors can help you select a blower that delivers long-term savings and reliability.

read the blog



 
condensate management: part two - why and how to dispose of condensate

 in part one of our series on condensate management, we covered what condensate is and where it comes from. in this second part, we'll address how to dispose of it responsibly, and how to do it in a cost effective manner.

read the blog



 
a different approach yields improved efficiency and reliability for an aerospace company

 kaeser revolutionized an aerospace plant’s air system with tailored solutions and sam 4.0, achieving 67% energy savings and enhanced reliability.

read the blog



 
introduction to condensate management

 condensate is an inevitable byproduct of operating a compressed air system. it is mostly water that is condensed from vapor to liquid as air moves through the compressed air system. condensate will usually contain traces of compressor lubricant (and hydrocarbons from the ambient air if present). it can also have traces of dirt, dust, fibers that get pulled into the compressor inlet. 

read the blog



 
mitigating desiccant dryer purge noise in industrial settings

 you know that noise that can shake up an otherwise smooth day at an industrial plant? we're talking about the really loud one that comes from desiccant dryers during their purge process. it's like the unexpected drumroll in the middle of a quiet meeting—it gets your attention, but not always in the best way.
in this blog, we'll discuss ways to mitigate desiccant dryer purge noise in industrial settings. it's not just about making things quieter; it's about creating a more peaceful and productive work environment while ensuring top-notch compressed air quality. so, let's explore some smart strategies to turn down the volume on that disruptive noise.

read the blog post



 
compressed air for wood products manufacturing

 kaeser understands the critical role compressed air plays in wood shops and plants of all sizes. from powering your sanders and spray guns to cnc machinery, clean, dry air at a stable pressure is essential for efficient and high-quality output.

read the blog post



 
blower package integration: save time, money and energy in wastewater treatment systems

 this blog post discusses how integrated blower packages can significantly improve the efficiency and performance of wastewater treatment systems. traditionally, blower packages were assembled using parts from various vendors, focusing on individual component costs rather than the overall system efficiency. this approach resulted in packages with insufficient noise attenuation, higher internal pressure losses, and excessive power consumption.

read the blog post



 
compressor service parts: some thoughts before choosing non-oem parts

 we’ve all been there. when it comes time to replace parts and we are presented with choices, we pick the less expensive option. how much different can it be, right? but if you are considering non-oem (original equipment manufacturer) service parts for your air compressor, there’s a bit more on the line.

read the blog post



 

boost efficiency and reduce costs: the power of compressed air as a service


 in today's industrial landscape, owning a compressed air system is not the only solution. businesses now have the option to leverage air utility programs that provide compressed air as a service. this innovative approach eliminates financial risks associated with equipment ownership and offers a range of benefits, including reduced costs and uninterrupted air supply. let's explore the power of compressed air as a service and how it can transform your operations.

read the blog post



 
from the blog kaesertalksshop

 shop report: common air system problems and recommendations
we recently visited a high-end specialty metal fabricator who asked us to assess their compressed air system. this blog contains a detailed report to the shop management on what we found.

read the blog post



 
maintenance for air treatment components, part 1: dryers

 compressed air dryers are indispensable in most commercial and industrial compressed air systems, as they remove moisture that can increase maintenance and downtime in production equipment and possibly ruin products. in this two-part blog post we’ll take a look at maintenance components in compressed air dryers.

read the blog post



 
maintenance for air treatment components, part 2: aftercoolers, filters, and drains

 there are many other components in your compressed air treatment system that require your attention. this blog post covers maintenance on filters, aftercoolers, and drains.

read the blog post




 
press

5/22/24
kaeser measurement technology (kmt) kaeser compressors, a leading provider of innovative compressed air solutions, has launched the new kaeser measurement technology (kmt), a comprehensive suite of intelligent sensors designed to deliver real-time insights and optimize compressed air system performance.

all press releases
press contact



 
press

5/30/24
enhanced oil-free performance: kaeser csg series redesigned kaeser compressors makes major strides in efficiency and reliability with the csg series

all press releases
press contact



 
press

8/12/2024
new sfc 110m extends series kaeser has launched the sfc 110m variable frequency drive compressor with a 110 kw (150 hp) permanent magnet motor and flows up to 742 cfm

all press releases
press contact








find your local distributor


your local branch or distributor should be your first stop when you have a question, need a quote, parts or service.


find your local distributor 

or click here to request a quote now! 






select product
are you interested in a specific product?
all productsair system instrumentationblowerscompressed air pipingcompressed air storage and distributioncompressed air treatmentcontrollersengineered systems/solutionsportable compressorsrotary screw compressorssigma air utility operator modelused equipmentvacuum pumpsall productsblower accessories & aftercoolersrotary lobe blowers – single blocksrotary lobe blowers up to 335 hprotary screw blowers up to 335 hpturbo blowers 200 and 400 hpall productsair receiversflow controllerpressure holding valvesall productsaftercoolerscentrifugal separatorscondensate managementdryersfiltrationall productscondensate disposalcondensate drainsall productsaquamat i.cf condensate filterscondensate manifoldkcf condensate filtersall productscombination dryersdesiccant dryersmembrane dryersrefrigerated dryersall productsblower purge dryers, up to 4300 scfmbreathing air systems, up to 1130 scfmheated purge dryers, up to 3200 scfmheatless regenerated desiccant dryers, up to 5400 scfmheatless regenerating, 7 - 40 cfmsingle tower desiccant dryers, up to 30 scfmall productscompact kryosec refrigerated dryers up to 159 scfmenergy-saving secotec refrigerated dryers from 162 to 1130 scfmenergy-saving secotec refrigerated dryers up to 138 cfmenergy-saving secotec refrigerated dryers, up to 3070 scfmhigh temperature refrigerated dryers, up to 145 scfmhigh-pressure refrigerated dryers, up to 3000 scfmall productsactivated carbon towershigh pressure filterskaeser filter series, 1250 - 11,875 scfmkaeser filter series, to 1130 cfmoil mist eliminatorall productscompressed air management systemunit controllersall productsenclosed systemshelium unitskaeser air system enclosuresmarine compressorspetro-chem packagesskid packagesall productse-powerportable compressors to 100 cfm - m27pe m27u m30pe m30uportable compressors to 1700 cfm - m480portable compressors to 195 cfm - m55pe m59peportable compressors to 210 cfm - m58uportable compressors to 60 cfm - m17portable compressors to 600 cfm - m118 m125 m171portable compressors to 900 cfm - m255portable compressors up to 295 cfm - m82portable compressors up to 600 cfmportable oil-free compressors up to 1600 cfm - m500-2all productsboostersoilless reciprocating compressorsall productsenclosed booster packagesall productsoil-free workshop compressorsall productsoil-free air rotary screw compressorsrotary screw compressors with fluid coolingall products125-450 hp oil-free screw compressors50-125 hp oil-free screw compressorsall productscompact rotary screw compressors up to 30 hpcompressed air stationslarge rotary screw compressors from 100 to 700 hpmid-sized rotary screw compressors from 25 to 125 hpall productsaircenterairtowers




please select a product or category.










          online payments
pay your invoices electronically using our secure payment server.


click here to make payment






safety datasheets
looking for safety datasheets? download our material and safety datasheets in our compressed air resource center.


safety datasheets






join the kaeser family


career opportunities at kaeser






share this


shares
share
share
tweet
share
email








what our customers say
“big machines require a lot of air. we accomplish tight schedules by operating dozens of large and small machines quickly and efficiently with no equipment downtime thanks to our @kaeserusa sigma!”
orange packaging




 



industrial air compressor and blower solutions


kaeser compressors provides products, services and complete systems for supplying production and work processes with quality compressed air. the system solutions comprise compressed air generation and treatment and are designed for optimal overall efficiency. kaeser kompressoren was founded in 1919 and kaeser usa's headquarters opened in 1982. we are represented throughout the world by a comprehensive network of branch offices and distributors.


kaeser news

find out about the latest products, technological advances, offers and news from kaeser compressors on our press pages. 
our resource center is also a valuable source of industry guides and educational material.


careers at kaeser

we employ approximately 8,000 people worldwide and are always looking for additional qualified and motivated people to join our team. start your career with kaeser compressors.


 



up














frequently asked questions legal notice privacy policies site map cookies
© 2025 kaeser compressors


© 2025 kaeser compressors
 









