



water mill gardens... the daylilies of dan & jane trimmer


















welcome to water mill gardens 2018


     hello again to all  of our daylily friends and garden visitors. how is it that already another year  has come and gone? we continue to be blessed due to the many good friends we  have made in the wonderful world of daylilies. just as in the past jane and i  pursue our hybridizing goals without regard to commercial success, but rather  to explore as many new avenues as possible with our modest sized program. our  catalogs seldom resemble each other from year to year, but this year we again  have several new introductions coming from the powerful emerald starburst both  used as a diploid (ruby starburst and windmill lane) and as a tetraploid  (wondermint.) last year's green emperor, lady dragon, and mama knows best) are  receiving very nice comments from around the country. this year most of our  plants are in quite limited supply. we continue to try and have common sense  pricing for our friends and daylily collectors.
      this past  september central florida was struck by hurricane irma, and our street probably  by a tornado. damage was so severe jane and i were unsure if we would even  proceed with our program. from out of seemingly nowhere 16 members from a local  church showed up about 10 days after the storm asking if they could help clean  up the garden for us. just a half day later we were back to thinking about this  catalog and water mill gardens in 2018. they had spent the previous day helping  out with the reilly and floyd cove gardens. it is with a special feeling of  gratitude we thank the generosity of those members of the church of latter-day  saints in near-by deltona for their help and generosity of spirit. we would  also like to thank our friend arlene wierschem and the sanford camera club for  photography and their encouragement for me to take images.  
     we believe our  plants will look as good in your garden as they are pictured in our catalog as  we do not enhance colors in order to increase sales, and we try not to publish  unrepresentative “glamor shots.” we try to show images that are of typical good  blooms as they should oftentimes appear in your garden. we've learned and  especially this year relearned that patterned daylilies vary not just from  early to late in the season, but from year to year. many previous keeper  patterned seedlings were tossed this year for this reason. regarding bud count,  jane and i actually go out into the garden and count the buds and branches on several  typical scapes and then average to be as accurate as possible. again, we  consider ourselves to be much more of a hybridizing venture rather than a  commercial venture, and we try to get as much new genetic material out to you  as soon as we can. we are faithful to our reservations list, but expect either  payment or a conformation contact prior to march lst. year after year customers  in the northern states report that almost all of our creations do well in their  gardens. we started our program on long island, n.y. and have always tried to  keep as much northern blood as we could in our crossing. we strongly believe  that too many newer daylilies are shorter than we'd like and therefore we have  strived to try and generally increase the height of our introductions. we  believe this makes for better presentations in the perennial garden.
dan & jane





expand all | collapse all


homepage
2018 intros
last year's intros
all dan's intros
a thru c
d thru i
j thru l
m thru r
s cultivars
t thru z

all jane's intros
general price list
information
shipping
visiting
contact
order form

selected seedlings
email



 lavender lighthouse  (2018)



2018 daylily introductions are now available 





water mill gardens 2018
baxter design services



