



manufacturer custom helium parade balloons, giant inflatable balloons-


























































 



















home
about us

about bipg
privacy policy
terms of use


products

helium parade balloons
custom airtight parade floats
helium spheres
airtight inflatable balloons
cold air inflatables
custom helium uav airship
high wind aerostat
special airtight inflatables


product standards
gallery

balloon studio photos
mexico city parade 2011
parade balloon photos
cold air advertising inflatable balloons photos
helium spheres photos


contact us
blog
faq














 peninsula hotelthe peninsula hong kong 
 fizzie sunset overdrive helium balloonfizzie sunset overdrive - microsoft 
 fizzie - over charge delirium xtfizzie - helium balloon - microsoft 
 helium spheresverizon helium balloon spheres 
 soldiers battle crossfallen soldiers battle cross 
 explore artisticpawel althamer - produced for pawel althamer milan, italy 
 superheroes95 ft spiderman for disney, latin america 
 famous damesbetty boop  
giants of the sea95 ft long blue whale - the great whale conservancy for the protection of blue whales  







see more photos ... 
we manufacture - helium parade balloons, helium spheres, cold air advertising balloons, helium airships

ultimate inflatable balloon systems™


helium parade balloons

big ideas parade giants studio manufactures the finest premium giant helium parade balloons and inflatable airtight sealed parade floats available. we provide giant inflatable helium parade balloons for clients parades all over the united states including major thanksgiving day parades, christmas holiday parades, and parades throughout the world. the exclusive fabrics we use are specially formulated to our exact specifications. our proprietary fabrics provide the customer with the best looking, longer lasting, and helium efficient product. all of our fabrics and the components we use are manufactured in the u.s.a.
more info here ...







helium spheres & shapes

big ideas parade giants studio manufactures standard helium spheres and other shapes we designed that provide for high visibility for all types of special events. our custom shape capabilities also include working with your concept or design.
more info here ...





 airtight inflatables

big ideas parade giants manufactures cold air sealed balloons, also called sealed airtight balloons or inflatables. we only build your product with urethane coated fabrics, not pvc. be sure to read about our product materials and standards regarding our sealed airtight balloons. they are identical to our helium parade balloons with regard to quality, construction and materials. 
more info here ...






cold air inflatable balloons

big ideas parade giants studio manufactures cold air advertising inflatable balloons ranging in size from 5 ft - 50 ft or more that are built of tough and durable vinyl coated fabrics. your cold air balloon inflatable is made from fabrics that are fire retardant, uv treated, and mildew resistant. these features enable them to withstand years of use. 
more info here ...











welcome to big ideas parade giants!

about us
we make great balloons!

big ideas parade giants studio is a unique blend of companies operated by chip schilling and ken moody who together have over 55 years experience in the giant inflatable balloon business.
read more


product standards
there are only a hand full of companies in the world that manufacture premium helium parade balloons. 
read more


our clients say...

“ you made the process enjoyable because we were kept in the loop throughout the entire process. as a customer i was given much attention and commend you on your service. ”
kaela prochaska, marketing communications - duncan aviation


“ the trussardi foundation and myself can only recommend the service of
big ideas: together we had the honor to really do something unusual,
something that might push the limits of balloon flying.”
massimiliano gioni, artistic director - trussardi foundation












terms of service




privacy policy




contact us




 blog










big ideas™  parade giants™ 

© copyright 1996 - 2024 big ideas™ parade giants™. all rights reserved bipg™
giant inflatables and advertising balloons for parades and special events.









