














 mirsoft.info - world of game music 












what's new?   




world of game mods    




world of game mids    




game music base    




game music reviews    




mirsoft's info    




linx   















general info      


game mods archive       


game mods faq       












newest additions      


all tunes alphabetically      












what is game mod      


why exotic tracked formats are not in archives      


easiest way to play mod tunes under windows      


how to send the tunes that are not in archives      


why the zip is used for archiving files      


how to download all files from archive      


how to convert mod tunes to mp3      


why do some archives have 0 files      


how to link world of game mods on your site      


why world of game mods was done      












general info      


game mids archive       


game mids faq       


pc game midi ripping guide      












newest additions      


all tunes alphabetically      












easiest way to play midi tunes under windows      


how to play zip archives directly from winamp      


why do some midi tunes sound strange      


overview of midi formats like gm, mt, xg etc.      


general midi compatible midi formats      


pc game midi problems and info      


pc adlib tunes versus midi      


how to send the tunes that are not in archives      


pc game midi ripping guide      


why the zip is used for archiving files      


how to download all files from archive      


how to convert midi tunes to mp3      


why do some archives have 0 files      


how to link world of game mids on your site      


why world of game mids was done      












general info      


game music reviews       


musicians list      


game music formats       


music records list       


games list       


platforms list       


manual       












reviews from users      


mirsoft's reviews      












digital audio      


tracked music      


sequenced music      


amiga exotic      


commodore 64 music      


snes music      


yamaha ay      


nintendo nes music      


playstation music      


atari 8-bit music      


adlib music      


other formats      












latest changes      


full list      












latest changes      


full list      












amiga      


pc dos      


pc windows      


playstation      


playstation 2      


commodore 64      


zx spectrum      


nes      


super nes      


all platforms      












search information      


list views      


game info screen description      


music record info screen description      


music record info fields summary      












reviews from users      


mirsoft's reviews      












my top 100 on zx spectrum      


my top 100 on amiga      


completed games      


my game music page      


rock'n'roll game page      


raven tribute      


















search game music base



	 		â» what's new?		

				â» world of game mods		

				â» world of game mids		

				â» game music base		

				â» game music reviews		

				â» mirsoft's info		

				â» linx		

you are currently not logged inlog in / register 



online since 1999.
last updated:
4.october, 2024.made in slovakia.
contact info
 slovak versionthis is an ad-free site.













what's new?
friday, 4.october, 2024.
another year, another day - and we still exist! welcome to the cute update of world of game mids and (suriprise!) that's all! interestingly, within the year, i did not receive any single update to world of game mods, which actually happened first time in 20+ years.  and makes me feel the mods archive finally seems to be 99,999% complete. not bad, isn't it?friday, 3.november, 2023.
welcome to another year of a cumulative update of world of game mids and world of game mods! i'm happy to say that this time it was really a "quality over quantity" update. that means, not really many archives, but the few ones are real jewels! you can figure it out yourself. many thanks to all submitters for their endless patience on getting their submits online  actually, are you perhaps asking how am i? i'm fine, thanks. just getting a bit older and older :o>monday, 3.october, 2022.
greetings from the dark crypts of old game music! you will be surprised but there is still something to update and i'm totally impressed how nice pieces you guys submit! and feel totally sorry it always takes so long time to provide the site update. the reason for that is, as the system is getting "slightly" old (after couple of years  ), i need to perform many things manually to be secure and even a simple site update takes me very significant time and is error-prone. any change to this would mean refactoring whole system and that would mean it would loose its impressive performance and dusty old-school flavour (+it would take a lot of effort...). so i'm keeping it for now as is, just to let you know - enjoy new update world of game mids and world of game mods  and see ya likely in the next year!thursday, 1.july, 2021.
we still live our happy lives and as a proof, the update of world of game mids and world of game mods is coming in this year as well! this time it's more about quality rather than quantity on both fronts, which is good and appreciated. enjoy!saturday, 23.may, 2020.
it sounds kinda strange, but this site survived many world political crisis within 20 years of its existence, and it seems even year 2020 won't stop its healthy life  as a reward, i can bring you another fresh update of world of game mids and world of game mods. nothing huge this time, but a few updates and new additions are definitely worth to find and listen to!




page 1/25
1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | 10 | 11 | 12 | 13 | 14 | 15 | >>> | 



go to editorial>>>



