





welcome to cinderella hair extension




























 




toggle navigation


 toggle navigation  



  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
professional account login 
new account request 
certified training 
contact us








 cart- 0 items






 login
 new account request
 0 items























 




click to order

























click to order
 













welcome to cinderellahair hair extensions
 one of the first companies to bring hair extensions to the united states, cinderellahair has 25 years of leading the industry by providing phenomenal quality hair, offering a full range of 6 innovative systems and creating the most comprehensive education and training in the industry. back this all up with amazing customer service & competitive pricing and you have a powerhouse brand that can make you the extensions expert in your market. and best of all, this brand is for professionals only period—we have not and never will sell to or train your customer. become cinderellahair certified today and learn how to expand your business and master the art of extensions.









why cinderellahair








fade free hair
our hair goes through a process ensuring color and shine is locked into each hair strand offering you over 76 natural, vibrant and blended colors. 





naturally blended ends
instead of a blunt or straight line of hair, the ends of our hair will blend naturally into any hair style. if you desire more of a straight line trimming very little will achieve this.





24/7 ordering
you can place orders by calling customer service monday – friday 8am to 5pm pst or if you prefer to place your orders online www.cinderellahair.com  orders placed before 3pm pst ship the same day (excluding weekends or holidays).





rewards program
earn 15 reward points for every $100 in purchases and you will be able to redeem points for virtually everything cinderella hair extensions offers.





hair quality
cinderella hair extensions are guaranteed to last up to 6 months when applied by a certified stylist and proper hair maintenance is followed.









new products





  




i-hair® fantasy brig ..                                    








  




i-hair® fantasy brig ..                                    








  




i-hair® fantasy brig ..                                    








  




i-hair® #a120 lighte ..                                    








  




i-hair® #a110 silver ..                                    








  




classic bond #a120 l ..                                    








  




classic bond #a110 s ..                                    








  




t-hair® pro .35 #sil ..                                    








  




t-hair® #just platin ..                                    








  




i-hair® #just platin ..                                    








  




classic bond #just p ..                                    








  




classic bond #just p ..                                    








  




t-hair® pro .35 blen ..                                    








  




t-hair® pro .35 colo ..                                    








  




t-hair® pro .35 colo ..                                    








  




classic bond fantasy ..                                    








  




classic bond fantasy ..                                    








  




classic bond fantasy ..                                    








  




i-hair® #silver fox  ..                                    








  




classic bond color t ..                                    










testimonials








at vanity hair salon & extensions we value quality; we have been doing business with cinderella hair extensions for well over 5 years have found them to be a consistent in their quality, supply and colors.  cinderella hair extensions are priced competitively and if we ever (which is seldom) have a hair issue their customer service is wonderful and quick to help remedy any issues.  online or call in ordering is easy and efficient and they now offer a rewards program, when is the last time a stylist was rewarded by a hair extensions company for loyalty, like never, but cinderella hair does! i can confidently recommend cinderella hair extensions, to my clients and other stylists, they are wonderful
mindy m. from orem, ut




we use cinderella hair for so many reasons we could write pages on it.  first and foremost, the hair is the best quality we can find and holds its color and elasticity above and beyond.  the options they offer in color, length, and application methods are like no other, they have it all!  we love the website ordering, customer service and could not be happier to stand behind this fabulous brand! kristan
kristan s. from brighton, mi




cinderella hair extensions quality is outstanding! the spectrum of colors is vast. i love the attention they give to me whether i have questions or they are sharing my work. when you are putting in extensions for length or volume cinderella has the most options to offer and the price is fair. my clients are hooked!
shannon e. from cincinnati, oh




i continue to use cinderella hair extensions year after year because of the overall quality of the hair. cinderella hair continues to deliver a good product at a fair price that keeps clients coming back. cinderella hair continues to offer the best customer service with fast shipping for those last-minute clients that need hair right away! 
jenny m. from brentwood, ca




i got certified 8 years ago in fusion bond extensions and started using cinderella extensions 4 years ago. the reason i switched from my previous brand was because i wanted a quality of hair that was just as good from when i installed the hair as when i took them out 5months later. with cinderella hair i find that, and after doing so many extension corrections on poor quality hair i know i have some of the best hair. 
leigh m. from crossroads, tx




cinderella hair extensions are wonderful in quality and extremely affordable. i have personally used cinderella hair extensions for my clients for 6+ years. i have had clients who have used different brand extensions with 3x the cost and say nothing compares to cinderella hair extensions. i love the fact they have hundreds of colors to choose from along with multiple options of install. fusion, better than a weft™, i-tip, tape, and strips make it very easy to customize the appropriate extension for every client. 
rachel a. from st louis, mo




i have been using cinderella hair extensions for the last few years and am in it for life! i searched high and low for what seemed like forever for an affordable, quality company and have definitely found it. my clients are able to keep their extensions for at least 6-8 months with minimal damage to the extensions. i have had nothing but good experiences using cinderella hair and their customer service is excellent to boot!
cortnie a. from syracuse, ut




i love cinderella hair extensions for many different reasons! my clients always leave happy after their hair extension service, the quality of hair is second to none and their customer service rocks!!!!!
michelle r. from fort smith, ar




cinderella is the first hair extension company i was trained and certified with over 15 years ago. i’ve tried many other brands and cinderella truly has the highest quality hair with a great variety of methods so i can customize the application to each client.  i have excellent results with cinderella for each and every client i use them on. 
miranda c. from mirabella woodbury, mn




i use cinderella hair because the quality is phenomenal.  i’ve had many clients who have spent a lot of money on other brands and none have matched the quality of cinderella.  i’ve been very pleased with the way the hair performs over many months of wear – almost regardless of how well my client does – or doesn’t – baby them!  the variety of colors and lengths is amazing, giving me many options to work with.  i have to say that i also appreciate how communicative the staff is; i always get a quick response any time i’ve had any kind of question, which is important when you’re busy!
cathy t. from columbus, oh




i use cinderella hair products because of the quality, texture, and the luxurious results you see on clients.  i have used several different company’s products in the past and feel that cinderella has the best quality product in our market. we feel that the cinderella product doesn't damage the hair because of the silicone inside the cylinders.  we love using cinderella extensions because our clients rave about how beautiful they feel after the transformation. 
theresa d. from austin, tx




over the past 30 years, i have used many different brands of hair extensions. these are some of the things i love about cinderella; the quality and consistency of the 100% human hair, the huge variety of colors, lengths and textures of hair, and the variety of optional applications that are available to choose from. there is something that fits, for almost every client i consult.  ordering and shipping is always smooth and predictable, and it is rare to have any product in back order. i am proud to work with and recommend this company!
ely a. from arvada, co




i was using “x” brand of extensions and they were ok, but once i changed to cinderella hair my clients noticed the difference in the hair quality. no more “x” brands for me! being in the hair industry for over 30 years, you get to see things come and go. one thing that stood out for me is the cinderella hair extensions have been around for over 30 years and it shows in their price and most importantly the quality of their hair 
cindy s. from los alamitos, ca




i choose cinderella hair because when it comes to extensions, i have tried other brands in the past and the quality and longevity was never great for my clients like it was when i use cinderella hair. my clients love the realistic shine and the feel of the hair. they love the ability to treat the extensions as their own hair. as a professional i love the ability to customize the service for the need of each of my clients. being able to work with one company that offers multiple methods is great for my business.
amanda w. from roselle, il











certified hands-on & live online trainings 




click for cinderellahair classes



  












  useful links 


hair care 
kits & prepacks 
color rings 
tools/bond remover
accessories 
salon support/promotions
better than a weft tools & accessories
terms & conditions
privacy policy





 get connected 



 toll free: (800) 332-9246 pst
 telephone: (562) 903-1063
 fax: (562) 903-1064




 corporate office:

                                    12304 mccann drive
                                    santa fe springs, ca 90670, usa
                                











                copyright  2025 cinderellahair extensions, all rights reserved. powered by

                        gmr web team.




 






















