







isle of skye birding guide | skye birds



























































reports


where to go


gallery


blog


species list


buy the book


contact us











abirding guide to the 
isle of skye

your comprehensive guide to birding on the island and surrounding area









welcome


the island of skye is unique though the systematic recording of its wildlife is a recent development. by highlighting the wide variety of birds which can be seen, we hope to encourage locals and visitors to record their bird observations, stimulate involvement in fieldwork, and contribute to the conservation and protection of a number of rare and spectacular birds so that future generations can enjoy birding, against the most dramatic backdrop in britain.
....and not just skye
reports and images are regularly received from lochalsh, from neighbouring west lochaber, and parts of south-west ross-shire which are included in the site. we are delighted that the website has become a popular resource for the wider area.

















from the gallery


the gallery features birds photographed on skye or the neighbouring area by local photographers or visitors to the area. there are also images captured on other birding trips within scotland and overseas.
 











view gallery







recent reports

keep up to date with recent bird sightings not just from skye, but also lochalsh and neighbouring areas. these are updated on a daily basis and the archive contains records for the last eighteen years.



17th february 2025
whimbrel 
single reported loch snizort at skeabost (g&pf) - a few birds winter so this is a possibility rather than an early spring bird


17th february 2025
common scoter
two in broadford bay (nb)


17th february 2025
lapwing 
single at lower milovaig where birds are now very scarce (as)


17th february 2025
eider
49 in pabay sound (nb) - a good count by present standards but not so long since there was a wintering flock of 500 at kyleakin!


16th february 2025
iceland gull
juvenile north at neist point (as)


submit report 
view all reports











where to go
with a landmass covering 535 square miles, at no point more than 5 miles from the sea and lochs penetrating deep inland towards a huge and spectacular mountain mass, skye allows you to experience a whole range of species in an unsurpassed setting.
bird watching is likely to be rewarding throughout the district. the 'where to go' map allows you to look at sites which are reasonably accessible and which have been visited regularly during the last few years. where to go













the book
"a glorious little gem"

amazon





"a book such as this has to look backwards and the author does so succinctly, looking at the work of several of the pioneering naturalists before picking out the publications of ja harvie-brown and the rev. hugh macpherson. i know this book fills a real gap in the information available for the isle of skye and it will surely sell well at local bookshops."
andrew currie miscellany west highland free press



"a total of 238 species have been recorded, with 14 of those 'red listed' as of high conservation concern ... another innovation has been the inclusion of gaelic names for some birds. while this is not uncommon in a few other books, the addition of some regional gaelic names is very unusual and very welcome."
ray collier country diary 'up in the skye' the guardian



"illustrated with beautiful photographs of current birdlife on the island, the publication also features sketches by jean thomas of the little gallery, portnalong, stimulating the reader's interest further and allowing them to identify species they encounter on skye."
the hebridean






 

















navigation

recent sightings
where to go
skye birds gallery
blog
skye species list
skye birds book
contact us
privacy policy



contact
bob mcmillanisle of skye 

@skyebirdsbob



©2025 skye birds 








                        skye birds uses anonymous tracking cookies
                            privacy policy



                    i'm fine with this
                







