









shamanessence - healing arts products & services cape town





















































 














+27 ( 74 ) 840 0066
shamanessence@gmail.com
 


0


 
 
 










home
about

about me
my philosophy


services

bodywork
flower essences

about
private consultations


aura & chakra clearing
land house & space clearing
animal healing
microbial balancing processes


feldenkrais method ®
products

vibrational healing sprays- nature in a bottle™
chakra oils
healing creams
anointing amulets™
bath
custom made formulas


classes

awareness through movement®
workshops


testimonials
contact

contact me
how  to purchase
retail @ wholesale outlets


 





select page


  
 



 



 












 the key to health is balance!







shamanessence®(since 1998) products & services
los angeles, new york, london, cape town
experience life with the integrity, adaptability, divinity and dignity as the joyous co-creators we are meant to be!tap into your potential, transform your life harmoniously!shamanessence offers self balancing healthy clean products and integrative services that are educational, practical, easy to learn – serving life with holistic healing modalities. our intent is to be open and deliver true expressions of divine self, integrating body mind, & spirit with quantum leap- co-creative science.







shamanessence® an umbrellaof the healing arts.






body
reduce pain, improve posture, brain function, self-image, and increase physical adaptability, mobility, health and well being.






mind
release & reprogramme subconccious trapped emotions, limiting beliefs, inner conflicts, low self worth, heart walls, & creative blocks.






spirit
restore faith, confidence, tap into your innate wisdom. finding greater inner peace, appreciation, excercising gratitude. self realisation, life purpose, direction and joyfilled living.









the feldenkrais method®








about
the feldenkrais method® was developed in israel, and named after its inventor dr. moshe feldenkrais (1904 -1984). it revolves around a unique approach to learning through somatic movement education …..
read more








bodywork
i help people of all ages and abilities, to find the path of a pain free life, reducing habitual movement restrictions, learning adaptability so that every day mobility becomes effortless and one experiences a greater sence of well -being.
read more








classes
privavate and semi-private class & workshops,corporate group learning.
read more









flower essences








about
vibrational imprints of flowers, crystals or environmental frequencies transferred and stabilized in water. they are very effective in helping us to recognize and rid ourselves of limiting or destructive patterns of behavior. the essences support us in extending our consciousness beyond its present state. they work directly with both the electrical and central nervous system.
read more








consultation
custom made formulas for all mind body & soul challenges. including emergency trauma formulas that serves as your own personal rescue remedy plus. available for adults, children & animals. long distance consultation services available.
read more









shamanessence® products

nature in a bottle™





shop now

about the products







call to make your appointment now
+27 74 840 0066



health4you most popular 2023 award






 








 about
shamanessence®
we are a grass roots company. every shamanessence product’s bottle’s content is hand made and shaken 108 times with love,
read more

contact
shamanessence®

 mariamne wulfn
 cape town, +27 74 840 0066
 shamanessence@gmail.com
shamanessence
feldenkrais
feldenkrais
mariamne wulfsohn’s
spotify
 get in
touch with us


 



©copyright 2024.shamanessence®. all rights reserved  

 
 
 












