



space tourism society | welcome
































space tourism society


welcome



skip to content
home
about

philosophy
buy the book
board of directors
board of governors
membership


seminars

speakers


chapters

sts boise
sts brazil
sts canada
sts florida
sts germany
sts india
sts iran
sts italy
sts korea
sts malaysia
sts mexico
sts monterey bay
sts nigeria
sts pakistan
sts russia
sts san diego
sts silicon valley
sts uk
sts unlv


resources
sponsors
contact
 










may 22, 2024sheraton gateway hotel/lax, los angelesvisit spacetourismconf.com for more information.


space tourism is soaring. sky high. or rather, space high. it now deserves its own conference!
passing from phase one–flights to the international space station (iss)–the space tourism industry in recent years has launched its next generation with private enterprise offerings.
the industry is rocketing toward stratospheric value, with news from major players like blue origin, virgin galactic, spacex, space adventures and even nasa breaking monthly.
this annual event will be produced with support from the space tourism society (sts), the world’s leading space tourism advocacy organization for over 20 years.
learn more
the space tourism conference (stc) features a dynamic mix of executives, including leading flight providers, tech developers, financiers, entertainment execs, futurists, marketers, designers, inventors, and astronauts.
attendees can expect concrete, actionable information, real-world use cases, and stellar deal making.
plus—you’ll have an insider track to the growth areas in space tourism, including earth-based space experiences, such as zero gravity aircraft flights, interactive theme parks, movies/tv/vr, and real space flight.
along with the latest industry information and great networking, stc attendees will be treated to an evening champagne reception and special orbit awards presentation.



join us in creating this exciting giant leap for humanity!
 


comments are closed.







copyright © 2025 space tourism society. all rights reserved.
























