


the tin horse by janice steinberg   























































 
home
the tin horse
about janice
boyle heights
media
events
the writing life
contact


 




“… a novel rich in faith, betrayal, and secrecy that explores the numerous ways people are shaped and haunted by their past.”
library journal










the tin horse
welcome





it has been more than sixty years since elaine greenstein’s twin sister, barbara, ran away, cutting off contact with her family forever. elaine has made peace with that loss. but while sifting through old papers she  is stunned to find a possible hint to barbara’s whereabouts all these years later and is pushed into confronting the fierce love and bitter rivalry of their youth.  read more


o magazine, “16 books to pick up this march” (2013)
first prize – fiction, san diego book awards
nominee, salt lake county library readers choice award
jewish book council staff pick
 



the tin horse is being published in italy, brazil, the netherlands, france, germany, spain, and japan.



amazon
barnes & noble
indiebound
powells
kindle
nook
ibookstore
audiobooks


“in the wry and witty voice of retiree elaine greenstein, author janice steinberg brings the bygone jewish immigrant l.a. neighborhood of boyle heights to vibrant life. part mystery, part sister story, part family history, the tin horse is a completely immersive reading experience. i closed the pages feeling as though i’d lived another life.”
– margaret dilloway,
the care and handling of roses with thorns and how to be an american housewife
“i’ve just finished reading the tin horse for the 3rd time.  (i facilitate book clubs, so i have to be very familiar with a novel each time i lead a discussion on it). with each reading, i am finding more and more to admire in the book. this last reading brought to mind more discussion questions than ever. i love your book!”
– joan tedlow, librarian, temple solel, encinitas, california
 



follow @steinberg_janice




© the tin horse by janice steinberg. all rights reserved.  site design by sean akers












