






phil huang – personal website








































phil huang






about







my personal blog.

microsoft is doing it all wrong
microsoft is still a behemoth but i think they’re taking all the wrong approaches for many of their biggest products like windows, office, and xbox. this is all my opinion of course, they can do whatever the f they want to do. 
friday, april 5, 2013


resting players are killing me in fantasy basketball
i’m in the finals of my fantasy basketball league and i’ve got tony parker, tim duncan, lebron james, and chris bosh on my team and these guys are getting rested in real life in preparation for the playoffs. it’s killing in my fantasy matchup. i actually have a pretty good chance of winning but with… 
tuesday, april 2, 2013


game of thrones and the walking dead
i’m going to be honest and say that i think the 2nd of half of this season of the walking dead wasn’t that great. it wasn’t bad but i liked the first half much better. on the other hand, game of thrones is back and oh man, it’s as good as ever. i love how… 
sunday, march 31, 2013


new york knicks still suck
have a read: new york knicks: looking back on how the offseason plan failed when they let jeremy lin go, i was kind of pissed. but then they went and built the oldest team in the nba and somehow thought they had a shot at the championship in an age where the sport is more… 
friday, march 15, 2013


google is killing reader
so i found out today google is killing reader. i’ve been using reader every day for a long time, i can’t even remember. it’s pretty much the best way i know of to browser through a lot of news sources in one place. people are saying rss is a dying consumer technology and this just… 
thursday, march 14, 2013


new star wars movie featuring old cast
so i just read that the new star wars movie being directed by j.j. abrams will feature the original cast of harrison ford, mark hamill and carrie fisher. no offense, but these actors are old. how are you going to reach a new generation of movie-goers using those 3 in an action, sci-fi film? i’m… 
friday, march 8, 2013


happy chinese new year (2013)
happy chinese lunar new year everbody! i’m very glad that nyc got spared the worse of nemo. really wasn’t that bad at all. i was worried it would ruin new year’s eve, that we’d all get snowed in. i got up in the morning, or actually noon, i should say, looked out and the sun… 
sunday, february 10, 2013


2014 mercedes-benz cla
the mercedes-benz cla has really caught my eye, after seeing it in the superbowl commercial. it’s a beautiful car and quite affordable for a mercedes-benz. i’ve been researching a new car and was considering a honda accord or a crossover suv but i think i might wait until the fall for the cla. 
sunday, february 3, 2013


denver nuggets announcers are super dull
watching the rockets v. nuggets game. the announcers are lulling me to sleep. #badatyourjob 
wednesday, january 30, 2013


staying up for the australian open
man, i slept about 2 hours last night because i was up watching the federer v. tsonga quarterfinal match at the australian open. hatin’ that time difference. kudos to federer for pulling that tight match out. 
wednesday, january 23, 2013



older posts→





phil huang







