



watfxc.com | 


































































skip to content
home
east west all star race
hall of fame

2021-2022
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2011/2012
2010
2008
2009
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994


wsccca

contacts
wsccca executive board and leadership
wsccca constitution
wsccca meeting minutes
washington state cross country coaches of the year
membership


wstfca
history, polls, & lists
resources & forms
supporters
wsccca newsletters
 






watfxc.com


 
we’ve got a new site! visit www.wsccca.com for news, coaching resources and hall of fame information. this site will stay live until all information can be transferred.
the washington state cross country coaches association is a branch of the washington state coaches association. our goal is to support the coaches and sport of high school cross country in washington state. 
in the news:
the east / west senior all-star race will resume this winter on saturday, december 3rd at magnusson park, seattle.  we will be running in conjunction with the first race of the club northwest winter grand prix 2-mile series.  teams will be selected following the 2022 state championships.
2022 cross country polls
weekly rankings of teams across the state by gender and classification.
hall of fame
in 2022 dan parker, john hill, rod wilcox and dennis mcguire were elected into the wsccca hall of fame.  visit our hall of fame page to view their bios and more.
2021 edition of xc history
rod wilcox has updated an exhaustive historical perspective of washington state xc. for stat buffs out there, this 40+ page document is loaded with all sorts of information. you can view it here  2021 washington state xc historical perspective
you can also view a similar document for track and field here 2018 washington state track and field historical perspective
new wsccca president
our current wsccca president joe clark is stepping down after 16 years of service.  please see his transition letter and join us in thanking him for his service as well as welcoming jeff hashimoto as our new incoming president!
kevin ryan of sehome selected as 2020 national federation of high school associations boys’ xc coach of the year:  twenty-three high school coaches from across the country have been selected as 2020 national coaches of the year by the national federation of state high school associations (nfhs) coaches association.  click here to read full press release.
hall of fame coach passes away:  hall of fame distance coach bob isitt passed away friday, september 18th 2020 after battling cancer and other complications.  our thoughts and condolences go out to his family, friends, and all of those whose lives he touched.  please see the article in the spokesman review.
sehome alum jacob riley qualifies for olympic team: former sehome cross country and track athlete jacob riley took 2nd in the olympic trials and qualified for the us olympic team.  click here to read more.
former usatf president passes away:  bill roe, former usatf president, and long time coach and pacific northwest track and cross country contributor passed away unexpectedly this weekend.  please see the article in the bellingham herald.
2019 middle school and assistant coach recognition:  this years middle school coach recognition award went to chris hoppin from charles wright and the assistant coach recognition went to josephine camarillo from ellensburg, congratulations chris and jo!
2020 coaches of the year and president’s service awards:  the 2020 cross country coaches of the year were awarded at the annual washington state track and field/cross country coaches association convention in january.  you can view this years (and past years) recipients here.  also two coaches were recognized with the wsccca president’s service award, this years recipients were rick glen and joe mcmanus.
hall of fame coaches passing:  it with great sadness that we report the passing of three hall of fame coaches,  burt wells, brock hogle and cliff nixon.
b school update: in 2018 the wiaa has increased the size of the b schools race from 8 teams to 12. this was a proposal pushed by the washington state cross country coaches association.  the goal is to increase participation and competitive levels.
middle school cross country:  more and more leagues across the state are adding middle school cross country. the washington state cross country coaches association has added a middle school position to our advisory board, and will use this as a means to share information for middle schools. look to to this website for more information and a middle school specific page.
 
awards and honors
the wsccca honors coaches every year for each classification and gender with our coach of the year honors. we also maintain a hall of fame, host the east west all star race, award scholarships, and work with the washington state track & field coaches with their annual convention. our association relies on dues and donations to fund our awards and scholarships. several camps, races,  and invitational meets have made generous donations to support the association and are listed below. to find out how your event can help support our student athletes and award winners, click here. to join the wsccca, visit the washington state coaches association website here.









search

search for:



news and informationsummer camp race results
cross country camps
links
 
 



 
 
 follow @watfxc

 









proudly powered by wordpress.






 




















































































loading comments...



 



													you must be logged in to post a comment.												



































