
















pasco county clerk, fl | official website









 















skip to main content






















 














contact us







office locations & hours









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 










 





 
 
 












search







 
 
 



 














home










 
 
 


    general information      court services      e-services      comptroller services      records      how do i ... ?  


 

 

 

 

 

 





























meet the clerk & comptroller 

nichole "nikki" alvarez-sowles is the eighth clerk of the court & county comptroller for pasco county.				read on...










/civicalerts.aspx


  
 













join our team! 

seeking a fresh professional challenge? one with opportunities for growth and advancement coupled with competitive pay and outstanding benefits? we may have precisely what you are looking for.				read on ...







pay online 

skip the courthouse! the pasco county clerk & comptroller's office and our partners offer convenient online options for you to pay your traffic fines, criminal court financial obligations, or child support payments online.				read on ...










/civicalerts.aspx


  
 











video: clerk's office offers e-certify 

it's more convenient than ever to obtain a certified copy of a public record 24/7.				read on ...




video:   common cent$ provides a window into the county’s financial wellness 

common cent$ is our office's version of the pafr, or the popular annual financial report.				read on ...





view all




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 








 
 
 







notice:                                      protection of minor injunction








searchable database 

a database with the identity as well as the fact that a final judgment for an injunction for the protection of a minor has been entered against that adult respondent. step-by-step instructions and request for addition of information can be found here.	




click here to learn more




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 




 twitter
 facebook




 twitter





tweets by pascoclerk 




 facebook












 
 







news flash










video:  e-notify offers court-date texts and alerts 

in these remarkable times, being able to track upcoming court events has never been more crucial. accordingly, check out the instructional video that explains pivotal updates to e-notify, your key that unlocks the timeline for cases important to you.				read on ...







protecting personal or confidential information 

the following guide can help you determine the appropriate process and/or form to complete to request redaction, request an official records exemption (for protected persons), and more.				read on ...







sign up for property fraud alerts 

the property fraud alert system helps protect a person’s property from fraud by monitoring documents such as liens, deeds, and mortgages recorded in pasco county.				read on ...






view all




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 









 















 






  
 














pasco county clerk & comptrolleroffice hours: 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. et, monday through friday, excluding holidays.passport and marriage license applications are accepted until 4:00 p.m. et
 






  
 














quick links







copyright notices







disclaimers







site map







teammates









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 





connect with us


 
 










    





 
 
 

 










government websites by civicplus®




 
 















 
 
 



 














get in line online








marriage licenses








property auctions










 
 














juror information








e-filing








legal resource center










 
 
 



















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close









	// ticket #725383
  
  gtag('config', 'ua-28310487-1');








arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









