




inn victoria: bed and breakfast in chester vermont












































































inn victoria

skip to content 






a romantic bed and breakfast in historic chester, vermont
 





menu 

about

meet the innkeepers
virtual tour
photo gallery tour
find us


the area
accommodations

princess victoria
princess helena
prince albert (ada)
princess alice
prince alfred
prince leopold
princess beatrice
queen’s attic
field view
rv hookup
  ada features
  policies
  concierge
  check availability
  gift certificates


packages & specials

a great dinner
business traveler
christmas package
inn-to-inn walking tours
murder mystery weekend feb 28 – mch 1 of 2025
new year’s eve – murder mystery & buffet
quilting & craft retreats
relaxing massage sanctuary
self-guided walking tours
so, you want to be an innkeeper? 
special events
thanksgiving dinner


weddings & reunions
contact us
  802-875-4288
 


















 


free ev charging! 
								as part of our continued commitment to guest satisfaction, guests staying at inn victoria with electric vehicles may charge them free at the inn victoria charging station.  there are three additional community sponsored charging stations located 500 feet from the inn that you may access at a fee.

 we’re proud of our green efforts and we hope charging your vehicle while staying with us will help  make your vermont vacation that much more wonderful. see you soon! 
								 


 


 
























welcome to inn victoria
our historic bed & breakfast situated on the green in idyllic chester, vermont provides a peaceful escape near okemo mountain.





























accommodations



accommodations
our spacious guestrooms and suites have been appointed with luxurious details befitting a fine hotel, each room is appointed with our guests’ comfort in mind. in-room amenities include fresh flowers, 1800-count linens, plush robes & towels, antiques, air conditioning, flat-screen tvs, wi-fi and more!
learn more
 








packages & specials



packages & specials
for romantic getaways, inn victoria offers a luxurious atmosphere in southern vermont's most charming village aka: the "prettiest painted" village. we know that many of our guests come to celebrate something special. we have several packages that will help take those special moments to the next level.
learn more
 








weddings & reunions



weddings & reunions
whether you’re planning an intimate elopement or a small elegant ceremony surrounded by friends and family, your wedding day will be unforgettable  when you host your event at inn victoria. our historic bed and breakfast will be your palace for the day. choose from our packages or create your own.
learn more
 






we'd like to thank all of our guests for their rave reviews on google & facebook!


        stayed in the prince alfred room (2 queen beds) - which is very spacious.  fireplace was nice and tub in the bathroom is large and comfortable for one person.breakfast was lackluster - not what all the raves in  reviews suggested.               siren song 23:18 29 sep 24          amazing little inn! the owners were wonderful as was the breakfast! walking distance to shops and restaurants.beautiful rooms and loved the spiced rum while in the hot tub!so relaxing! highly recommend!!!               kay balkunas 20:19 29 sep 24          lovely old victorian inn. penny and dan are wonderful. we stayed as part of the vermont inn to inn walking tour, which i also highly recommend. the town is cute and has some quirky little shops. lovely historical district.               jennifer 19:44 17 jul 24          i stayed here as part to the vermont inn-to-inn walking tour in may 2024. dan and penny are two of the best b&b hosts i have ever met. they are charming, full of energy, and just plain fun to be around. their inn is outstanding. it's decorated with good taste, and the bedrooms and common rooms are spacious and comfortable. this is one of the best times i've had a b&b ever. and i highly recommend the vermont inn-to-inn walking tour to anyone that enjoys walking (as well as staying in nice lodging and having good food)!               bill wrobleski 21:43 27 may 24          we wish we could move in!! we had the best weekend stay at inn victoria while skiing at okemo. penny and dan are the kindest people and their home is incredible. breakfast was amazing, large offerings and perfectly prepared. we stayed in the princess helena room- it was 10/10. most comfortable bed i’ve ever slept in with the softest sheets. we loved having the semi private hot tub on the deck and the gas fireplace in our room. we will definitely be back. highly recommend staying here!               leslie reitz 20:44 25 feb 24          a beautiful inn located in the cutest town! penny and dan were so kind, accommodating and fun! everything was perfect, from the bed linens to breakfast in the morning.  we are so, so happy that we spent some time at inn victoria and we'll definitely be back, (with some friends!). very highly recommended!!               nicky ouellette 21:09 13 jul 23          our car got broken in vermont and, luckily for us, inn victoria was just next to where it happened. very nice place, with vermont charm, clean, and personnaly served breakfast. definitely will stay next time when in vermont. thank you!               oleg voronov 14:41 12 jul 23          we had a huge room here that actually had two rooms with a bed in each room. i also really enjoyed the whirlpool bathtub that was so nice to relax in after a long day.  the innkeepers dan and penny are wonderful.  we really enjoyed ourselves.               tara lavelle 23:46 01 jun 23          penny and dan were wonderful hosts for our may getaway. it was my wife’s first time at their place, and she was thrilled with the beauty of the house and princess victoria room and the great hospitality and warmth of our hosts. we had a flat tire one night on the way back to the inn from quechee, and dan even helped resolve that including arranging with a local mechanic to have it replaced first thing the next morning, so that our wonderful trip was unaffected. amazing place and people!               michael mcgrail 18:28 13 may 23          penny and dan were outstanding hosts for our new years eve murder mystery visit. from the moment we met them they declared that while there we were "family" and they treated us as such.the room we stayed in (princess alice) was clean and comfortable and quite inviting.both penny and dan worked so hard at preparing meals and at facilitating the evening of the murder mystery - and an earlier scavenger hunt.the only negative associated with our visit was that we had to leave! we wanted to stay even longer but we had to return to the "real world".we thoroughly enjoyed our all too short escape and  figuring out who the mystery murderer was (for which we received a prize).if you are looking for a lovely escape, inn victoria is a place to consider. dan and penny are wonderful hosts.review written by my murder mystery character "ford escort".  1/1/23               m p 21:29 01 jan 23          great spot about 15 minutes from okemo ski resort.i came up for three nights after christmas and really enjoyed my stay. penny and dan truly made me feel like family during my time with them. breakfast every morning was awesome, and the hospitality was second to none. recommend for anyone looking for a cozy and personal experience in vermont. looking forward to returning next year!               aaron hull 19:50 29 dec 22          our stay at the inn victoria b&b in chester, vt recently was exceptional.  i have stayed at many b&b inns when making short trip. the experience started with a very warm reception by both owners and inn keepers dan and penny.  the décor and ambiance was fitting to match the house.  the room was magical:  very spacious and included a warm fireplace with a small sitting area, television, desk, a large bath area for two people including a jacuzzi tube and shower.  there was a semi-private deck with another large jacuzzi filled with warm water.   the breakfast was delicious starting with warm donuts, followed by a baked fruit dish, and then a complete egg-potatoes- breakfast meat to complete.  i would highly recommend for you to consider the b&b if stopping the the chester, vt area.               mclean bob 23:10 30 oct 22          penny's pastries and all other foods were excellent.  dan has an amazing sense of humor and had a lot of concern for our well-being.               susan franklin 18:12 07 sep 22          beautiful inn. dan and penny are fabulous hosts. the rooms are large and beautifully decorated with antiques.  food was fabulous. we stayed here as part of our inn to inn hiking trip. penny drove by to check on us while we were hiking as a weather storm was approaching. we greatly appreciated and gladly hopped in for a quick drive to our next inn.               kathryn bridges 09:32 27 aug 22          visited after staying on our vermont inn to inn hiking tour. dan and penny were great and the room we had at that time was awesome.  and penny gave us two of the giant, yummy cookies for the current hikers when we visited.  😁               douglas greiner 18:20 22 jun 22          penny and dan, the owners, are so welcoming and friendly.  this was my first b&b stay and i was very pleased.  penny can cook like a pro.  it's so delicious and you smell breakfast waking up.  the beds and pillows were super comfortable.  the sheets were so comfortable that i bought some.  this experience was awesome!               yvonne fielden 16:57 17 may 22          dan and penny are the best! i felt like i went back in a time machine to the 1800s victorian era! from the gorgeous and antique decor to the snowy views and the homemade breakfast, i felt like i was at home visiting my parents (and i mean that in a good way). they have an amazing dvd selection and it took me back to blockbuster days. perfect place to stay for skiing at okemo- quick drive and then would come home to 24/7 hot chocolate, tea , coffee and wine and a hot tub. would definitely recommend               ashley silver 21:43 30 jan 22          dan and penny were fabulous hosts. the rooms are beautiful. the breakfasts were delicious! i thoroughly enjoyed the 2 person jacuzzi tub! i also loved the selection of teas!               hannah loney 19:26 30 jan 22          epic. just epic. from the moment we walked in we knew we were home. emily greeted us after a long day of cycling - our longest to date actually. the only room left in the area was the queen's attic. it felt like it was because the universe was telling us you are staying here! (because it will change your life and remind you how amazing bnbs can be). we were introduced to the goliath sized tea assortment, the wine trading system, our unique room with roof access, the chocolate chip cookies, the jacuzzi and an environment that cana only be described as care and home. so much attention and heart to detail. when we asked about a local store and food options she said that the local market was open for 20 more minutes and she had a license and a truck before promptly taking my partner to the store. it was so amazing we upgraded to stay in the other only room available - the princess victoria room for one more night. this was the most elegant and comfortable room i have ever stayed in. the bed was so comfortable i never thought i would leave it. the owners, penny and dan, also let us borrow their truck to get pizza the send one night and gave us an update in the town and a peek into their beautiful story over lunch. i grew up in cheater so it was priceless to feel so welcomed home after 23 years. thank you. thank you. thank you.               richard handy 14:08 20 oct 21          inn victoria is the most welcoming stay you will experience. it is evident that dan & penny truly love their inn, and appreciate the people they service. the inn is extremely comfortable and clean.               doreen dean 02:12 10 oct 21          we really enjoyed our stay at inn victoria. dan and penny are friendly and welcoming. our room (the alfred) was spacious and comfortable. the breakfasts were awesome! coffee and chocolate chip cookies (my weakness) always available in the lobby. my wife enjoyed the tea.the location was great, very short walk to the shops along the main street of chester.this was our first time staying at an inn. our normal vacation is all about the things we see or do. this is our first vacation when i’ll actually miss the place we stayed!!thanks dan and penny for helping to make it a great vacation!               steve f 16:04 08 oct 21          awesome 👌!! dan and penny are great. their breakfast is to die for.               jeanie anirudhan 14:47 11 sep 21          awesome place to stay. love the atmosphere; can’t wait to get back.               matthew zupka 22:10 15 aug 21          hosts were super friendly and accommodating. they waited up late for our arrival and made us a lovely breakfast.there is also apparently an “inn walk” where you walk 45 miles and stop at different inns on your journey. something to ask about it you’re interested.               johann botha 15:08 31 jul 21          dan and penny are wonderful hosts! the inn is beautiful and the breakfasts delicious.               beachberry604 12:59 31 may 21          penny and dan made our stay very enjoyable. we felt at home all the time. the house and rooms are beautifully decorated. the bed was very comfortable and breakfast made by penny always delicious and full of local items.  love it and can’t wait to visit again.               sam morais 21:29 30 may 21          fantastic place.  friendly hosts. great location.  amazing selection of tea and the breakfast was wonderful.  definitely recommend - definitely coming back 🙂               tim crowley 12:40 27 may 21          we came up from ny to ski at mt. snow/okemo and stayed at the inn victoria for 2 nights and had a great time. the room we stayed in was very cozy and had nice extras like a free standing tub and an outdoor jacuzzi. penny cooks a great 3 course breakfast! we loved the wine bar (take a bottle of wine, put one back before you leave) - such a cute idea! penny and dan are both so kind and accommodating.great hospitality, a very comfortable stay and convenient location. we hope to visit again next year!               christina rufo 13:11 06 jan 21          gorgeous place, the owners are amazing! so nice and caring and omg breakfast is to die for. delicious!               yobana garcia 01:00 18 dec 20          the sweetest inn! a must stay when in this part of vermont. very antiqueish interior. the room we stayed in was perfection. the bed was so comfortable and the fire place made it cozy. our bathroom was nearly as big as the room! great water pressure in the shower. penny and dan were the best! very nice, personable, allowing us the freedom to roam about the inn and use the amenities, such as the cute tea pot collection downstairs for brewing tea! and let me not forget the best breakfast ever, apple pound cake, cranberry orange pancakes and a hearty sausage patty on the side. i’ll be visiting chester real soon, and i will most definitely be staying here. thank you for a lovely, relaxing stay!               michelle wituck 02:53 08 oct 20          the team at inn victoria were very friendly and accommodating in our request to move to a king bedroom and a food allergy.  their social atmosphere before and during meals was very family style and fun.  we were able to gather hints and suggestions from another couple who started the inn to inn walking tour before us.  we loved the little town of chester and enjoyed walking around and peaking in some shops.  thanks for the great time!               sally haskell 22:18 23 sep 20          we came here for the high tea and it was excellent! a large amount of teas were offered and the ones we had were great. my favorite part was the maple pecan scones. the owners were super sweet. 100% recommend!               quinn stephens 21:40 17 jul 20          grab a cup of coffee...this is a little lengthy. :-)knowing i love hallmark movies, my fiancé planned a surprise getaway trip to the "hallmark movie" town of chester, vermont. this was a town full of history, charm, and lovely people, two of those people being a wonderful couple, dan & penny, who own and operate the inn victoria bed & breakfast.we had never stayed at a b&b, so when we pulled into the driveway of the inn victoria, i nearly jumped out of the car to see it. it was so beautiful! the lawn was full of lush green trees, the flowers were in full bloom, and the house itself looked like it could reach out and hug you.dan & penny came to us sharing big smiles and such a warm welcome. after taking our luggage up, they offered us a glass of wine and gave us a tour of the inn. it was spectacular! our room (princess alice) had a gorgeous decor with antique furniture, a fireplace, a huge jacuzzi tub, and a bed so comfortable that you slept like a baby...until you woke up to the scent of applewood smoked bacon.there were wonderful vintage items all throughout the inn. i especially enjoyed penny's lovely  and large collection of vintage teapots and teacups, which she would use to graciously serve you tea. i felt like i was in a jane austen novel.gentlemen, if teapots and china are not your "cup of tea," i can assure you that penny's scrumptious breakfasts and dan serving you like you are a king, will make you glad to be there.between the delicious meals, bicycle rides, beautiful surroundings of the inn, a glass of wine and conversation in the front lawn and the overwhelming warmth of dan & penny's hospitality, i can honestly say this was one of the most wonderful experiences ever!thank you and god bless you dan & penny for such a wonderful memory!tony & toni               toni t 21:26 09 jul 20          my husband and i booked a room at this wonderful establishment on a whim. i'm always leery about b&bs because they haven't always been the cleanest places. i cannot express my full pleasure with how clean our room and bathroom were! the staff were incredibly pleasant and friendly. by the time we left, i felt like they were friends. we spent some time with the owners and they're a wonderful couple! the chocolate chip cookies they make fresh? delicious! lol! now when we discuss going back up to vt, we don't even plan on looking for a room anywhere else. this is our place now.               jen p 17:13 15 nov 19       ‹ › 





        🙌😚🙌a million thanks to mr donald bryan, who made my life change. forex/bitcoin trade is really a complex one but with the help of mr bryan’s strategy and signal, i was able to recover my lost in such a short while with just an investment of $400 be sure to withdraw $5,600 within the week of your investment and it was wonderful🔆🔆🔆🔆🔆.contact him now on his business handles 👇👇👇✅telegram:: https://t.me/+18154913237✅whatsapp:: https://wa.me/+12052251306✅business email 📧:: investorbryansteve@gmail.com           gilbert judy 2023-06-19t01:02:53+0000          we loved staying at inn victoria. penny is the most gracious host and even woke up before dawn to make sure my daughter had a delicious breakfast before her ski race. the room was gorgeous and luxurious. penny’s daughter even helped us pack up our car when we left. highly recommend!!!           nicole lemerond 2023-03-20t01:22:25+0000          we had the absolute best time at inn victoria! dan and penny are the most amazing hosts! you could not even possibly imagine! we got freshly cooked breakfast, every, single, morning! everyday, it was a new dish with signature fruit cups that included fresh fruit and local greek yogurt, orange juice, and coffee. additionally, since we arrived on christmas day, as a last minute booking, we even got a complimentary christmas dinner!!!the rooms are all decadent, original, and very dainty! every single room has its own bathroom that is spacious and well functioning, as well as a personal fire place. the entire house is very clean and well kept. not a single spot had a spec of dust or clutter. overall, this was the best place we could possibly ask for, for a family trip! the hospitality dan and penny provided, made us feel like we were their own family, and elated the overall feeling of the holidays! we are so so happy to have chosen to stay with them! we would recommend for everyone to experience this for themselves!           valeria fomitcheva 2020-12-28t19:51:37+0000          this place is amazing!!!!!!! gorgeous in every way. our room is everything i wish my bedroom back at home could be. i just know i'm going to enjoy my stay here. if you're looking for a romantic place to stay in vermont, this is it. ❤❤❤           eileene merrill 2020-09-14t00:36:17+0000          a piece of the vermont victorian holiday experience. greatest people to spend the christmas holiday.lovely husband and wife inn keepers,  woth loving warm hearts, delectable food, good drink, and the true meaning of christmas. felt right at home.thank you, for the life long memories .           jeremy r marriner 2019-12-26t21:53:38+0000          lovely thanksgiving visit to inn victoria! extremely attentive inn keepers. great rooms. awesome dinner. the breakfasts that dan and penny present are a taste of local vermont fare and never fail to satisfy.           janet irwin 2019-11-29t02:17:34+0000          i highly recommend this lovely inn. dan and penny exceeded are expectations and customized a fantastic hiking and touring experience. the charming village of chester and the neighboring towns and countryside offers the quintessential vermont experience. they even accommodated our gluten free and vegetarian food preferences. and the meals were delicious! this place is a 10 in every way- the rooms are beautiful and clean, and the service and kindness are unparalleled. highly recommend!           mary beth gilkison brown 2019-05-20t15:29:09+0000          penny and dan took such good care of us considering we crashed their place unannounced they accomadated 3 couples and made us feel like they were welcoming their family. can't wait to go back in september.           wanda reiff 2019-05-05t14:47:30+0000       ‹ › 





luxuriously appointed
although built in 1851, our romantic, victorian inn is luxuriously appointed with modern day conveniences. accommodations at the b&b consist of nine rooms or suites all featuring air conditioning, carefully appointed antique furniture of the period, flat-screen tvs with high speed fiber optic cable, dvd players for our extensive movie library, and iphone sound & clock systems. complimentary wi-fi internet is of high enough quality to conduct business.  each room has its own private bath; each appointed with amenities for your comfort including premier 1800 count linens, plush turkish towels, and robes.  luxurious baths include jacuzzi tubs, claw-foot tubs for two, showers for two and and two outdoor hot tubs….one is a massage tub!
delicious gourmet breakfast
after a peaceful night’s sleep, you will be treated to a delicious gourmet breakfast served in our elegant dining room.  breakfast and all baked goods are personally made daily by penny.  we take care to ensure your dietary needs are honored.  when asked we will gladly adapt our cooking style for your special needs; vegetarian, gluten free, low / no sugar, paleo, kosher, vegan.
experience award-winning old world charm & hospitality
whether you are planning a romantic weekend getaway or a family vacation filled with outdoor activities, we invite you to come experience the award-winning old world charm and hospitality that is truly an exceptional experience at inn victoria.  be sure to check out our current packages too!  




featured press

best romantic getaways in vermont





welcome from penny & dan, owners





aerial tour of inn victoria & surrounding area




 











 

helpful links driving directions
 check availability
 gift certificates
 write a google review
 join our email list
follow us! 

check-in timecheck in is between 4 & 7 pm

from our blog


fourth of july with the vermont symphony orchestra


boston globe raves about chester, vermont


romantic vermont bed and breakfast


 

inn victoria


321 main street
 chester, vermont 05143



latitude: 43.264858
 longitude: -72.600815


phone: (802) 875-4288



e-mail: innkeeper@innvictoria.com



www.innvictoria.com


 
contact us 

google reviewswe would love your feedback on google. click here.  






					© 2025 inn victoria, chester, vt. all rights reserved.           accessibility statement |  privacy policy.  









inn victoria
about

meet the innkeepersvirtual tourphoto gallery tourfind us back
the areaaccommodations

princess victoriaprincess helenaprince albert (ada)princess aliceprince alfredprince leopoldprincess beatricequeen’s atticfield viewrv hookup  ada features  policies  concierge  check availability  gift certificates back
packages & specials

a great dinnerbusiness travelerchristmas packageinn-to-inn walking toursmurder mystery weekend feb 28 – mch 1 of 2025new year’s eve – murder mystery & buffetquilting & craft retreatsrelaxing massage sanctuaryself-guided walking toursso, you want to be an innkeeper? special eventsthanksgiving dinner back
weddings & reunionscontact us  802-875-4288

				× close panel			





























