






heritage family credit union- heritage family credit union













































skip to main content




closed for presidents' day
all hfcu branches, drive-thru windows, and hfcuvt video branch are closed today, monday, february 17, for presidents' day.
our call center, ebranch and m.a.r.s are available 24/7.
























locations


rates


contact

















join


login














 close online banking login



ebranch

username:

submit online banking login 



banking notice



forgot your password? enroll now















locations


rates


contact















connect

ebranch & mobile banking
call center
video branch
locations & hours
shared branching



spend & save

personal accounts
checking & debit
savings
emerald visa® card
business accounts
business checking & debit
business savings
business visa® card
invest
heritage way – investments, insurance, & retirement



borrow

personal lending
auto loans
personal loans
green loans
home loans
mortgage loans
home equity line of credit
home equity loan
business lending
business loans & line of credit



join

membership benefits
become a member



learn & protect

fraud prevention & security
hfcuniversity
helpful tools
articles



















shiver me shamrocks 5k run/walk 2025
get your green on for a great cause and join us saturday, march 15, 2025 at 1 pm for heritage o’family’s shiver me shamrocks 5k run/walk on center street in downtown rutland, vt. there will be four-leaf fun for everyone, all to benefit worthy organizations in southern vermont under the direction of heritage family cares 4 you foundation. 
$25 pre-registration$30 day-of registrationkid's leprechaun leap fun run - free
register for shiver me shamrocks






















home page



what is your financial goal?
let us help you find the best content to personalize your visit.

see all topics
reset your interest












how can we help you?
choose a topic below and we'll take you where you want to go



become a member
become a member




auto loans
auto loans




mortgage
mortgage




home equity
home equity




credit cards
credit cards




personal loans
personal loans




personal savings
personal savings




personal checking
personal checking




business checking
business checking




business loans
business loans




invest
invest




careers
careers




news & events
news & events




helpful tools
helpful tools




articles
articles




















the banking experience you’ve been looking for

you want the products and services of a big bank…but you need to feel like you matter. and at heritage family credit union (hfcu), you do. get the digital banking, checking and savings products, lending solutions, and investment services you expect from a credit union that hasn’t forgotten there’s a person behind the account.
because at heritage family, people – their stories, their needs, their hopes, and their success – come first.
and that’s why 50,484 people across vermont, new hampshire, massachusetts, and new york have already chosen hfcu.










digital banking
digital banking
take complete control from your phone or computer. bill pay, card controls, internal and external transfers, savings goals – set yourself up for success with robust digital banking tools.












multiple branch locations
multiple branch locations
for the times you want in-person support. visit one of our 10 branch locations.












community commitment
community commitment
financial support, volunteerism, and strategic partnerships mark hfcu’s commitment to ensuring everyone in our communities has the opportunity to thrive.












video tellers
video tellers
human help without leaving home? take advantage of video banking for the ultimate in convenient options.



















 
heritage family credit union is honored to be recognized by readers of the bennington banner/manchester journal, lakes region free press and the rutland herald as best credit union in their readership areas. from all of us at hfcu, thank you!
 

























roofs over rutland
heritage family credit union (hfcu), in partnership with the city of rutland and the vermont treasurer's office, has developed roofs over rutland to increase availability of housing in rutland.
the program provides a variety of lower-rate products to help individuals and developers create new housing that is priced on par with current home values. products range from business lines of credit to residential home equity loans, construction and renovation loans.
learn more & apply







member testimonials









noble landon, inc.rutland, vt

"heritage family credit union is an absolute blessing to our community and the state of vermont.  i capitalized family because they are family.  their staff shop our store…they understand the economic dynamics of our community and beyond…and they treat us like family.  i have worked with many financial institutions over the years, but hfcu rises to the top.  they are big enough to provide the funding we need to improve and grow, and yet, small enough to have a personal touch that makes us feel important and valued.  and their selfless giving and support of our vermont communities is valued and appreciated."








rick 

"i applied for a truck loan and it took less than 10 minutes to be approved. getting approved so quickly made my truck purchase very easy. i was very impressed. i wound up leaving with the truck in less than an hour from test drive to finish. thank you heritage family!"








carpenter & costinrutland, vt

"our team has had a long-standing relationship with heritage family credit union.  like most businesses, we’ve had our share of growing pains – and through it all, hfcu has been by our side every step of the way.

over the years, our relationship has expanded into community engagement and development.  we believe that a strong and prosperous community directly correlates to strong business opportunities. thank you hfcu for being such great friends, business, and community partners."








roots the restaurantrutland, vt

"the relationship that our company has with hfcu is one of the most cherished we have. the loyalty, the honesty, the feeling like there is always a solution. when we call and say “i have an idea,” it is always met with open arms and a desire to listen. we would not be where we are today without the support for the entire hfcu team – it has been a pleasure working with them."







prev

next




1











term share certificates
find a certificate term that fits your future and lock in today!
existing members may visit your local branch, call 888.252.8932, or open a certificate with a live video branch agent!
apply for a term share certificate online










news & updates
see more articles





tax refund direct deposit
february  13, 2025 | homepage
it's tax time! make sure your tax professional has the right information for your refund to be deposited into your hfcu account. 
read about tax direct deposit



2025 people helping people scholarship program
february  11, 2025 | homepage
hfcu will award three $2,500 scholarships in 2025. the deadline is march 31, 2025. applicants must be an hfcu member, a senior at a high school in hfcu’s field of membership, and continuing their education at an accredited institution. applicants must demonstrate in a video or essay how their past actions and future plans align with the hfcu’s philosophy of “people helping people.”
read more about hfcu scholarships



ryan butler named new senior vice president of retail
january   07, 2025 | homepage
heritage family credit union (hfcu) is proud to announce that ryan butler was recently named the new senior vice president of retail.
read more about ryan butler



hfcu donates $25,000 to support local nonprofits at cedrr winter mixer
december  12, 2024 | homepage
heritage family credit union (hfcu) presented five rutland county nonprofits each with a $5,000 donation in recognition of their contributions to the local community at the chamber & economic development of the rutland region (cedrr) winter mixer on december 10.
read more about donation at cedrr mixer




displaying 1-4


















do you know someone amazing? we’re hiring!
we have open positions at five of our locations. heritage family credit union is an equal opportunity employer.






401k
with company match







$100
reward for employee referral







5+
years awarded best places in vermont to work







view open positions & apply visit our careers page

























disclosures
+ expand



1 the views expressed in all testimonials are solely those of the individuals posting them. the testimonials are substantively the words of the individual reviewer, but may have undergone minor clerical revisions to ensure readability, add context, or protect private information.


return 











heritage family credit union serves members in vermont, new hampshire, new york, and massachusetts, with a full line of personal and business accounts; mortgages, home equity loans, credit cards, auto loans, commercial real estate, and more.








site map








this credit union is federally insured by the national credit union administration.









about us


about


careers


community


news & events


privacy policy


web privacy & cookie policy








resources


disclosures


hfcuniversity


hfcu rates


routing number: 211691318


nmls: #241795








help


contact us


helpful tools


locations & hours


make a payment


888.252.8932







 








©2025 all rights reserved. heritage family credit union







upcoming system maintenance

close this alert message.
expand or collapse this alert message. 



system maintenance scheduled for sunday, february 23 at 6:30 am.
during this maintenance, ebranch, our mobile app, and m.a.r.s. may be unavailable. members might not have full access to funds at atms, point-of-sale or online. in addition, atm withdrawals may be limited to $205, and debit card purchases may be limited to $1,000. we apologize for any inconvenience, and thank you for understanding.


dismiss





website cookies & privacy

close this alert message.
expand or collapse this alert message. 



to enhance the member experience using this site, we track information about how you use it through cookies. by continuing to browse on this site, you agree to our use of cookies. to read our full web privacy and cookie policy, please select the "more" link.



more about website cookies & privacydismiss




  

 
 






