

























roto-rooter® | plumbing, drains & water cleanup










skip to main contentcareerscontact usresourcessearchroto-rooter plumbing & water cleanuproto-rooter logosearch icon home  schedule  service  locations  plumbing & drains emergency plumber-open 24/7call now: 800-768-6911plumbing & drainscommercialdishwashersdrain cleaningemergency servicesfaucetsgarbage disposalsleakspipesplumbingsewer lines & excavationshowers & bathtubssinkssump pumpstoiletsvideo camera sewer inspectionwashing machineswater heaters water softeners  & filters water softeners & filterswater filtration systemswater softeners water damage restoration water damage restorationwater damage cleanupwater removalemergency flood servicesbasement flooding clean upmold remediation coupons  careers  contact us  resources  canadian site locationfind your local plumber schedule online call 800-768-6911 the plumbing experts you've trusted for over 85 years  call us now! 800-768-6911find your local plumber enter zip, city or postal code fast, friendly and professional service. schedule now! our servicesemergency plumbing services our plumbers are ready to go 24/7 for emergencies - including nights, weekends and holidays. explore this service plumbing and drains as the largest plumbing and drain service company, we make thousands of repairs every day. explore this service water damage our teams are equipped with state-of-the-art water extraction and cleanup equipment. explore this service water heaters trust roto-rooter for repair and replacement of gas, electric and tankless water heaters. explore this service  leave plumbing to the pros because with roto-rooter, you get more than a guarantee.reputationhighly-trained professionals since 1935. a job done right by the original experts.transparencyfree onsite estimates. no hidden or extra charges for plumbing or drain service on holidays, nights, and weekends.efficiencysame-day and emergency service 365 days a year.qualityfull-service plumbing, drain cleaning, and water cleanup – using state-of-the-art diagnostics and equipment.financingget it fixed today and take time to pay. special financing options available.you have questions, we have answers.read our most frequently asked questions for your plumbing needs, or watch our latest videosread our faqs the valentine's day dump by roto-rooter  roto-rooter | we do both sequel  what to expect when you schedule roto-rooter service explore videos the technician was polite and took care of a simple water heater problem and took the time to explain things to me.
 i am very pleased  louis was very professional and did a fantastic job getting my plumbing working  jason was polite, explained his assessment thoroughly, and definitely went the extra mile to get us set up for a plumber for our next step.   more from our customersthe buck$ start here.plumbers wanted!career opportunitiesschedule servicecontact usproductsabout uscompany storecanadian sitesitemapcareers copyright 2006-2025 roto-rooter.  all rights reserved. all available services, hours of operations, pricing structure, and guarantees may vary by location. do not sell my personal informationunsubscribeprivacy policyterms of useccpa noticetic ruleroto-rooter on youtube iconroto-rooter on facebook iconroto-rooter on pinterest iconroto-rooter on instagram iconroto-rooter on linkedin icon

