







	clpex | complete latent print examination



























the online community for latent print examiners and crime scene professionals
×













read





events





media





associations





forum





careers










subscribe














                        the online community for latent print examiners, crime scene investigators, and other forensic science professionals.
                    

                        providing a platform for forensic professionals to share, learn, and explore the ever-evolving field of friction ridge examination
                    
read more




























featured media


view all

































is bias research biased (fingerprint examination)

























the history of fingerprints

























jan 25, 2024 webinar on columbia university ai article

























forensics ai | how ai is used in forensic investigation - foster+freeman aari®

























research connection: forensic science and veterinary medicine with dr. kelly meiklejohn

























2024 twelve best free ai tools for academic research and researchers

























crime lab tour: latent/fingerprints

























advancements in csi and forensic science technology | barry a. j. fisher

























shoot 40x macro on iphone | sandmarc microscope lens

























what's new?










december 26, 2024
fingerprint evidence in focus: heidi eldridge clarifies the science
tl;dr: luigi mangione, a suspect in the unitedhealthcare ceo’s murder, was linked to the crime scene via fingerprints found on a water bottle and an energ...









november 6, 2024
streamlining efficiency: the impact of an afis deferral policy on latent print case backlogs
  
in the world of forensic science, time is often both friend and foe. on one hand, the precise, methodical nature of our work is crucial to producing re...









june 15, 2024
scientists are fixing flawed forensics that can lead to wrongful convictions
this is a long form article by amber dance published in science news. this is a summary of her article. 
  
the case of charles don flores, who has been ...









april 3, 2024
a call for justice: navigating the path to prevent wrongful convictions
  
  
in the american justice system, wrongful convictions emerge as a stark reminder of its fallibility. despite centuries of legal evolution, the ...













careers


view all















new - crime scene/evidence coordinator- closes 8/1/2024
city of temple terrace - temple terrace, fl

                        view details
                    










new - crime scene investigator - entry level - closes 8/1/2024
houston forensic science center, inc - houston, tx

                        view details
                    










new - lead latent print examiner - closes 8/1/2024
houston forensic science center, inc - houston, tx

                        view details
                    










new - latent print examiner - closes 8/1/2024
charlottesville, virginia

                        view details
                    










new - tbi special agent-forensic scientist 1 - closes 7/1/2024
madison county, tn

                        view details
                    










new - evidence tech i - closes 7/8/2023
city of kingman, az

                        view details
                    










 forensic technician - closes 7/26/2024
spokane, wa

                        view details
                    










 evidence technician - closes 7/9/2024
yavapai county sheriff's office, prescott, arizona

                        view details
                    











newsletter



dive into exclusive content, insightful articles that will deepen your understanding and keep you at the forefront!
subscribe












we are dedicated to addressing challenges, promoting knowledge transfer, and fostering a learning environment.
our goal is to provide a single source of truth for forensic professionals to access the data and information they need. join our community today to find opportunities and provide opportunities, seek knowledge, and share knowledge. we look forward to growing together and advancing the field of forensic science.
contact us

















upcoming events


view all





































home





about



 
	about this site





contact











                        ©2025 clpex communications, llc. all rights reserved. website by efinitytech


















