









cimarrone golf club | jacksonville, fl public course - home














































 






home      tee times      contact



home    tee times    contact


 (904) 287-2000             

 







 



playgolf
the coursebook a tee timegolf academybecomea member
membershipfood& fun
stone & barrel taphousethe stone & barrel menuclub calendaroutings& events
catered eventsgreat golf outingsclub championshipcontactdirections
employment wild one loyalty programcontact & directions 















 
slide 1welcomeestablished in 1988, cimarrone is a semi private club whose mission is to provide a private club experience for its members and guests.book a tee timeslide 2membershiplooking for the perfect reason to play more golf for less? cimarrone golf club has a number of options available for everyone.learn moreslide 3host an eventwhether you are planning a wedding, retirement dinner or birthday party, we are here to make your experience one to remember.click hereslide 4golf outingswe host a variety of golf outings for groups upwards of 144 golfers. charity events & tournaments are always welcome.book todayslide 5dine & enjoywith good food, a beautiful backdrop, and friendly service, check out our menu & calendar of events to plan for an evening of great times.view menucalendarslide 6golf academythe tpg golf performance center offers a variety of individual programs integrating instruction, fitness, performance coaching and on-course coaching.learn more 
















welcome to cimarrone golf club
our semi-private, 18 hole championship golf course is a david poselthwait design that meanders through the pine forests and thick marshlands of north florida. the 6,900 yard layout plays along a mildly rolling terrain with significant fairway and green side mounds and plentiful water hazards. rated 4 stars by golf digest places to play, the course was chosen as one of the top 100 golf courses in florida. golf amenities include practice facilities that feature a targets natural grass range, short game areas with sand bunker and putting green.
making golf fun and accessible
now under new ownership, cimarrone golf club is simply getting better every day. our mission is to provide golfers of all levels the opportunity to experience the game and for our members and guests to most importantly, have fun! come see what the fuss is all about and take a walk on the wild side!
the course   play for less 














 



membership

cimarrone golf and country club has a 10,000 square foot clubhouse that features a beautiful restaurant and lounge, plus banquet and golf outing facilities that can accommodate over 140 people. the clubhouse can be made available for use by our members at a discounted rate. cimarrone golf and country club membership opportunities are being offered for a limited time. there are a number of options - something for everyone.
join us
we would like to invite you to explore all that cimarrone has to offer. hit some range balls, play a round of golf, grab a hand crafted deli sandwich and a cold drink. we think you will agree cimarrone golf and country club is one of the best kept secrets in northeast florida.
learn more





 



group outings

it's all about you and your guests. we'll deliver a professionally run golf outing played on a beautiful golf course, perfect for your corporate outing or charity event. our group outing clients expect great golf course conditions, a friendly "can do" staff attitude, and the highest level of service to ensure their event is an overwhelming success.
formats
our course can hold upwards of 144 golfers, and is very playable for golfers of all skill levels. outing formats include scrambles, tee times, and modified shotgun starts to accommodate your banquet needs. click below to book your event today.
learn more














ready to tee it up?

click here







 upcoming eventssat, feb 15,  5:00pm: live music- barefoot reggie
tue, feb 18,  4:00pm: it's a mardi party!
tue, feb 18,  6:00pm: live music- big jeff
wed, feb 19,  4:00pm: wild one wednesdays
wed, feb 19,  6:30pm: music bingo
thu, feb 20,  5:30pm: live music- angel
tue, feb 25,  4:00pm: it's a mardi party!
tue, feb 25,  6:00pm: live music- chase fouraker

full calendar
 in the news






golf outings

we are now taking golf outing reservations for select days this season. learn more and contact us by clicking the button below and filling out the golf outing & tournaments form today. book early to make sure you get the day you want!
click here














© cimarrone golf club • 2800 cimarrone blvd • jacksonville, fl 32259 tel: (904) 287-2000 • contact • sitemap • website by: the rwm company      


















playgolf
the coursebook a tee timegolf academybecomea member
membershipfood& fun
stone & barrel taphousethe stone & barrel menuclub calendaroutings& events
catered eventsgreat golf outingsclub championshipcontactdirections
employment wild one loyalty programcontact & directions


cimarrone golf club2800 cimarrone blvdjacksonville, fl 32259





















×




×




join our -wild one- loyalty program!
receive exclusive offers for golf and our weekly events!
sign up here! 






×




×



we are open to the public!
no pass required! 





