
















hotel with golf course | arizona | golf resort

































 




















                



tee times
















an arizona retreatstay. play. relax.book a tee time 
slide1 













 


 home
 golf 

 dinosaur mountain course
 sidewinder course
 online tee times
 2025 gold card players pass
 the golf academy 
 tournaments & groups
 rental clubs
 golf club shipping
 the golf shop
 golf getaway 
 membership 

 2024 annual membership
 member tee times
 member billing
 member events
 accommodations 

 stay & relax
 online reservations
 group portal
 amenities
 resort rooms
 attractions & entertainment
 resort photos
 dining 

 dining information
 dining menus
 holiday menus
 reservation inquiry
 live music 
 upcoming events
 meetings & events 

 meeting & event info
 sales team
 venue locations
 resort map
 weddings
 salon & spa
 gift cards
 contact 

 contact & location
 specials & promotions
 exclusive deals
 video tour
 join our team

 

tee times  (800) 827-5281

gold canyon golf resort & spa6100 s kings ranch rdgold canyon, az 85118

































 
hotel and golf course in gold canyon, arizona
 our golf resort hotel offers two 18 hole championship golf courses: dinosaur mountain and sidewinder.
the dinosaur mountain golf course is consistently rated one of the top courses in arizona. the scenery, dramatic elevation changes, abundant wildlife and exhilarating views all make for a memorable golfing experience. “unforgettable” certainly describes the dinosaur mountain course where the championship layout is laced with a rollercoaster ride that would rival six flags! most golf courses have one signature hole, dinosaur mountain has at least ten holes that could fit the bill.
matched with the same great golf course conditioning is sidewinder, rated 4 stars by golf digest. sidewinder leads golfers through desert arroyos and native desert washes. the course offers a challenging desert layout for golfers of all abilities.
 tour the courses 




    
        dinosaur mountain    
        




    
        sidewinder    
        




















 








        weddings    


 








        salon & spa    


 











"i don’t believe that there is a better first five holes of golf, both public and private, than gold canyon’s dinosaur mountain golf course."

traveling joe passov – donald ross society honoree













36 holes of great golf
                        golf courses in arizona                    
challenge the dinosaur mountain course, consistently rated among arizona's top public courses, or, tackle the sidewinder course, rated 4 stars by golf digest.





    
        dinosaur mountain    
    




    
        sidewinder    
    
































accommodations
                        golf resort hotel                    
stay, play and relax.
nestled at the base of the majestic superstition mountains, gold canyon golf resort & spa welcomes you to come enjoy our beautiful desert landscape.



    
        learn more    
    










memorable golf events
                        golf outings                    
gold canyon welcomes group outings and special events of all sizes. we feature two spectacular golf courses and can host upwards of 300 golfers.



    
        learn more    
    






























a relaxing oasis
                        spa & salon                    
from the moment you enter, become immersed in the sights and smells that evoke emotions of tranquility and serenity. stress and burdens are washed away.



    
        learn more    
    










get your game on
                        golf academy                    
the golf academy at gold canyon is where learning the game is a journey, not just a destination. our certified instructors are here to lower your scores.



    
        learn more    
    























"the two courses are superbly carved through the rocky terrain and native desert landscape, which must have existed in the same condition millions of years ago..."

robert dale, pga golf professional












 
















golf canyon from above
        take a video tour    
play video


 
















browse our online store
        gift cards    
click here


 
















view our calendar
        upcoming events    
click here


 
















low price guarantee
        exclusive deals    
sign up today


 











homedinosaur mountainsidewindertee timesmembershipgolf outingsdream weddingsmeetings & events















gold cardsalon & spaaccommodationsbook a roomspecials & promotionsdining infocalendarlocation




© gold canyon golf resort & spa • 6100 s kings ranch rd • gold canyon, az 85118main: (480) 982-9090 • tee times: (480) 982-9449 contact • sitemap • website by: the rwm company









×




×




2025 gold card
our 2025 gold card player's pass is now on sale!
click here 




