


the liberal lie, the conservative truth





























	               the liberal lie, the conservative truth
	               
exposing the liberal lie through current events and history.

“republicans believe every day is the fourth of july, but the democrats believe every day is april 15.”  ******

"we will always remember.  we will always be 
proud.  we will always be prepared, so we may always be free."

                                ronald reagan



about me

name:  the liberal lie the conservative truth 
location:  myrtle beach, south carolina, united states 
two reagan conservatives who believe that the left has it wrong and just doesn't get it!
view my complete profile







enter your search terms

submit search form



















historical quote of the week - "always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other." abraham lincoln

 









			



republican posters








call your represenative:

call your senators:

online phd programs

politics blog

feedjit live website statistics











reagan conservatism - michael reagan 

your political news group - informative conservative news and information




the constitution series








follow this blog
internet radio network






 


quote db


just say thanks - send a greeting to out troops by clicking on this link and you can, just say thanks !

	
	


obama lectured expertly on taxes and obamacare
ronald reagan day and 102 birthday celebration
gun control - not according to george washington
obama the failure - 24 statistical facts
barack obama  - the constitution destroyer
republicans stop acting like losers
happy new year 2013
general norman schwarzkopf, a hero is gone
merry christmas - the gift of love
sandy hook would be a different story with one arm...





















blogroll

mike's america
tom's place
joetote's blog
the political commentator 
getting america back
blasting caps and dynamite
hack wilson
maries two cents
 thinking out loud
the oklahoma patriot

old soldier
american interests 

the reverse diet club


hammering sparks from the anvil
mr. minority
hard astarboard
conservative intelligence report
judging truth
truth- pain emporium 

red hot cuppa politics
chicken hawk express
christ matters:politics that matter to him
a keyboard and a 45
for your conservative pleasure
the chatterbox chronicals
a soldiers perspective
political pistachio
the nose on your face
blue star chronicals
right wing guy
conservative blog therapy
further adventures of indigo red
broken borders
god bless america
american and proud of it
tusk and talon
common sense america
patriotic mom
freedom eden
the right is right
casting pearls before swine
the neo con blogger
palmetto pundit


from the left	
rob's obs



from gayle's dragon lady den

from mr. minority

from conservative commentary


                                              
					



2004/06
2004/07
2004/08
2004/09
2004/10
2004/11
2004/12
2005/05
2005/06
2005/07
2005/08
2005/09
2005/10
2005/11
2005/12
2006/01
2006/02
2006/03
2006/04
2006/05
2006/06
2006/07
2006/08
2006/09
2006/10
2006/11
2006/12
2007/01
2007/02
2007/03
2007/04
2007/05
2007/06
2007/07
2007/08
2007/09
2007/10
2007/11
2007/12
2008/01
2008/02
2008/03
2008/04
2008/05
2008/06
2008/07
2008/08
2008/09
2008/10
2008/11
2008/12
2009/01
2009/02
2009/03
2009/04
2009/05
2009/06
2009/07
2009/08
2009/09
2009/10
2009/11
2009/12
2010/01
2010/02
2010/03
2010/04
2010/05
2010/06
2010/07
2010/08
2010/09
2010/10
2010/11
2010/12
2011/01
2011/02
2011/03
2011/04
2011/05
2011/06
2011/07
2011/08
2011/09
2011/10
2011/11
2011/12
2012/01
2012/02
2012/03
2012/04
2012/05
2012/06
2012/07
2012/08
2012/09
2012/10
2012/11
2012/12
2013/01
2013/02


gop bloggers                                     


                                    




saturday, february 09, 2013



                      	 
                      	 obama lectured expertly on taxes and obamacare
	                       
                          



this is a must see video. it is rather long at just over 27 minutes but it is not only well worth watching but shows barack obama being lectured by a noted professional who is highly respected in his field. dr. benjamin carson, director of pediatric neurosurgery at johns hopkins hospital during last weeks national prayer breakfast lectured obama on taxes and obamacare provided not just alternatives to both but proof that over taxation and mandated health care are both failures and can be replaced by sane programs that give freedom to americans.  watch obama squirm as he is lectured by dr. carson.

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 1:42 am
       |
         145 comments
 




wednesday, february 06, 2013



                      	 
                      	 ronald reagan day and 102 birthday celebration
	                       
                          



february 6, 1911 in tampico, illinois america was blessed by the birth of a baby who would grow to become the greatest president of the twentieth century and among the greatest presidents in our history.

ronald wilson reagan was born 102 years ago and during his lifetime he became one of the greatest individuals this country has known.  he served as president from 1981 - 1989 and during ,"the reagan years," our nation knew prosperity, strength, world prestige and most importantly a patriotism and love of country that was spearheaded by a truly great and gifted leader. a leader who understood freedom and that true freedom comes when government is limited and the people are allowed to use the god given freedoms protected by our constitution to prosper and live as each sees fit.

reagan's greatest gift was in expressing his eternal optimism and exceptionalism of and for our nation. he called us, "the shining city on a hill," and ,"the last best hope," for all mankind.  his strength as a leader ended the threat of soviet aggression that had plagued the world since the end of wwii. his trust in the american people saw the greatest peacetime economic growth in our history. his leadership gave america a prestige and respect throughout the world.

we will never forget this man who though humble, achieved greatness. our nation and history was better because of him and honored to have him lead us through some of the most difficult moments in american and     world history.  god bless the memory of president reagan and happy birthday mr. president.




ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 1:41 am
       |
         72 comments
 




tuesday, january 29, 2013



                      	 
                      	 gun control - not according to george washington
	                       
                          



with gun control at the front and center of political debate and the left using yet another tragedy as an excuse to push their unconstitutional and leftist agenda, it's good to take a look at what our founders thought about citizens being armed.

in fact just as george washington stated as shown in the graphic to the left, all of our founders believed in gun rights, an armed citizenry and the ability of americans to protect themselves with firearms from not just intruders to our homes and properties but also from a government that may seek to rob us of our freedoms.

these are the reasons the framers of our constitution included the second amendment as one of our foremost rights as americans. now the left seeks to weaken that right and as evidenced by dianne fienstein's recent anti gun bill introduced in congress seeking to as she puts it, "dry up," guns while claiming to support the second amendment.

all legislation does in force law abiding gun owners to be penalized for exercising their second amendment rights without having any impact on the criminal use of guns. that too is evidenced by the city of chicago that has the most strict gun control laws in the country and the highest gun related crime in the country. excessive gun control laws have proven time and again to increase gun related crime rather than slow it or eliminate it. every country that has strict gun control laws have much higher gun related crime than the united states. yet the idiots on the left refuse to look at the evidence and only seek to blame the gun rather than the evil maniac who pulls the trigger. the same maniac that will still find a way to get a gun to do the crime no matter how strict gun control laws become. these laws do nothing more than take away the guns that protect honest law abiding citizens preventing them from stopping the criminals who use illegal means to take life and kill unprotected citizens.

i stand by an earlier statement in reference to the tragic shooting of children and teachers as sandy hook elementary school. if one teacher had been armed the lunatic would have been dead before he could kill children. yet in all of the executive orders issued by obama, the recommendations by biden and the legislation presented by leftists like fienstien, the one and only thing that could have prevented sandy hook, an armed teacher or staff member is not even being considered. they are not looking to prevent this from happening in the future but only to take away more of our second amendment right to keep and bear arms.

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 1:36 am
       |
         15 comments
 




tuesday, january 22, 2013



                      	 
                      	 obama the failure - 24 statistical facts
	                       
                          

the second term of barack obama is now officially underway. during his first term he has proven to be a failed president yet duped millions still voted for him while several million who were in opposition of obama failed to take their responsibility as a citizens seriously and just sat at home last november rather than go to the polls and make sure this disaster would not return to the white house.

but that is ancient history and we have been shown in his inaugural address that barack obama is pushing his extreme left wing agenda now that he knows he will not have to face voters again. his first term was an absolute failure and his second term looks to be far worse than the first.  if you are still blind to the complete failure of obama following are 24 statistical facts that resulted from obama's first term which equate to failure.

#1 under bill clinton, the average unemployment rate was 5.2 percent.  under george w. bush, the average unemployment rate was 5.3 percent.  under barack obama, things have been much worse. the month after he took office the unemployment rate rose above 8 percent and it has stayed there ever since.

#2 under barack obama, the velocity of money (a very important indicator of economic health) has plunged to a post-world war ii low.

#3 real median household income has decreased by more than 4000 dollars since barack obama entered the white house.

#4 the united states has plenty of oil and we should not have to import it from the middle east.  unfortunately, barack obama has an absolutely nightmarish energy policy.  under bill clinton, the number of drilling permits approved rose by 58 percent.  under george w. bush, the number of drilling permits approved rose by 116 percent.  under barack obama, the number of drilling permits approved decreased by 36 percent.




#5 when barack obama took office, the average price of a gallon of gasoline was $1.85.  today, the average price of a gallon of gasoline is $3.36.

#6 under barack obama, the united states has lost more than 300,000 education jobs.

#7 since barack obama became president, the number of long-term unemployed americans has risen from 2.7 million to 5.2 million.

#8 for the first time in the post-world war ii era, the employment-population ratio has not bounced back after a recession.  the percentage of working age americans with a job has been below 59 percent for 35 months in a row.

#9 while barack obama has been president, u.s. home values have fallen by another 12 percent.

#10 more than three times as many new homes were sold in the united states in 2005 as will be sold in 2012.

#11 electricity bills in the united states have risen faster than the overall rate of inflation for five years in a row.  thanks obama.

#12 when barack obama first entered the white house, an ounce of gold was going for about $850.  today, the price of gold is over $1630 an ounce which indicates a devalued us dollar.

#13 since 2008, our economy has lost 1.3 million jobs while at the same time 3.6 million more americans have been added to social security’s disability insurance program.

#14 the number of americans on food stamps has grown from 31.9 million when barack obama took office to 46.4 million today.  how much more “hope and change” are we going to be able to endure?

#15 it is being projected that obamacare will add 16 million more americans to the medicaid rolls.

#16 more than half of all americans are now at least partially financially dependent on the government.

#17 the total amount of money that the federal government gives directly to the american people has grown by 32 percent since barack obama became president.

#18 under barack obama, federal spending as a percentage of gdp (25 percent) is the highest that it has been since world war ii.




#19 the obama administration has been spending money on some of the most insane things imaginable.  for example, in 2011 the obama administration spent $592,527 on a study that sought to figure out once and for all why chimpanzees throw poop.

#20 the u.s. government has run a budget deficit of well over a trillion dollars every single year under barack obama.

#21 under barack obama, u.s. debt was downgraded from aaa status for the first time ever.

#22 since barack obama took office, the u.s. national debt has increased by 50 percent.

#23 since barack obama became president, the u.s. national debt has increased by an average of more than $64,000 per taxpayer.

#24 during the obama administration, the u.s. national debt has grown more than it did from the time that george washington became president to the beginning of bill clinton’s second term as president.

now with the second term underway and obama clearly indicating that his agenda of failure during the first term will be on steroids during his second term, how can we as americans expect any improvement before he is finally out of office?  we can't and in fact can only look forward to far more failure to increase the decline of our great nation that exploded during obama's failed presidency.

ken taylor


posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 5:15 pm
       |
         46 comments
 




monday, january 14, 2013



                      	 
                      	 barack obama  - the constitution destroyer
	                       
                          



we are one week away from the second inaugural of barack obama. he will place his hand on a two bibles, ( more on this momentarily), and take the same presidential oath of office as written in our constitution as every president has take since our first george washington.  it states, "i do solemnly swear (or affirm) that i will faithfully execute the office of president of the united states, and will to the best of my ability, preserve, protect and defend the constitution of the united states."

this is a solemn oath that should be taken with the complete understanding that as chief executive of the united states of america, the president represents the people of our nation and as such his prime responsibility is to, "protect and defend," the very constitution that by law insures the rights of every citizen of our country. 

barack obama has yet to fulfill his first oath of office so why should we believe he will do so as he takes it the second time. this sacred oath taken by every president was nothing more that a set of words that to obama thus far was just another lie he made to the american people.  not once in his first term did obama protect or defend anything about the constitution. at every turn he usurped, spit upon and trampled this document the protects by law the rights of every american.

he sees the constitution as a series of, "negative liberties," as he stated in a 2002 interview for public radio. i have never known, any liberty to be negative. liberty equals freedom and that makes the constitution and liberty a hindrance  to obama since he seeks to enslave free americans to a communistic government that controls every aspect of our lives.

next monday obama will lie and take this oath once again using the bibles of abraham lincoln, ( as he did the first time), and dr. martin luther king.  it is an insult for the oath to be taken using the bibles of two americans who sacrificed their lives through assassination because they sought to protect the freedoms of americans.

obama could care less about freedom. he could care less about liberty. he could care less about our constitution and has already indicated as such for his second term as he is threatening the second amendment, has used and is planning on using the executive order to bypass congress and the constitutional separation of powers to create policy as he sees fit. ignoring the people and the constitution.

will we even recognize america after another four years of barack obama?  i cannot with complete certainty predict how our nation will be in 2016 but i can assure you based on his past experience and his complete disregard for the constitution and freedom that we will surely be much less free and government will be the controlling factor in american society. the, "rich," will be punished for success and american from the poorest to the wealthiest will suffer for every moment barack obama remains in the white house.

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 11:36 am
       |
         61 comments
 




thursday, january 03, 2013



                      	 
                      	 republicans stop acting like losers
	                       
                          

so barack obama won a second term! yes, we don't like it and yes, we all know he is the most destructive force that our country has known because of his absolute hate of our country and what we truly stand for and his obsession with dividing our nation by class and race.  but republicans won also and were equally reelected to another term as majority in the house of representatives but the weak and lame leadership continues to act like whipped puppies and losers.

caving to obama on every turn and giving in to his every whim and fancy is not the action of a group that believes they have a mandate to stop spending, tax hikes and expanding deficits and debt by the american people. a mandate that obama cannot in reality claim to have since his reelection was a squeaker while house republicans though losing a few seats still have a major majority in the house and a mandate by the people to do the opposite of what they have been doing.

every one has known for the last two years that john boehner is not only weak but lacks any moral or political convictions to stand for true constitutional principles and conservative values. but that does not mean the rest of house republicans have to follow his lead. the speaker will come up for reelection today and many sources state 17 to 20 house members have indicated they will not vote for boehner thus preventing his reelection as speaker. were i there i would be among the 20 because boehner must go and a strong conservative who has a, "pair," must take his place and stand up to obama's lies and destructive policy.

it's time to quit acting like losers and fight for the mandate the people have voted for by placing republicans in the majority in the house where all financial measures by constitutional provision must originate. the american people have given republicans full control of the purse strings for a reason and that reason is to stop out of control spending with real spending cuts and not just measures that decrease the growth of spending.  they have been mandated to prevent obama from raising taxes and not cave to every tax increase designed to divide americans by class and financial standings.

with the vote for speaker pending boehner has made the same old promises and yes, lies he made two years ago about seeking conservative policy and standing up to obama. he has proven he is not only not willing to do that but caves at every turn and dismisses conservatives and our values and ideas.  boehner is weak without a backbone nor principles and does not deserve reelection.  if he is reelected the house will not change nor will republican leadership find any backbone and obama will continue to arrogantly drive all policy and the destruction of our country.

it's time to stand and time to force obama's hand at every turn. calling him on his lies and keeping his feet to the fire. the only way that will happen is if house republicans quit acting like losers and take the mandate of victory and the purse strings that we the people have given them and do the will and demand of the people. stop spending, no tax increases, get the deficit under control, make real and deep spending cuts and begin paying off the debt. that is the mandate and that is what we the people demand of house republicans.

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 11:09 am
       |
         14 comments
 




monday, december 31, 2012



                      	 
                      	 happy new year 2013
	                       
                          

a new year is here and with it brings the usual speculation as to what the new year will bring. 2013 is an unknown to all of us but even with that unknown we can all wish a year of success, happiness and prosperity to those we know and our family and friends. that is our fervent wish and prayer to each of you and many thanks for being a part of the liberal lie, the conservative truth during 2012 and the coming year!, a very happy new year to all!

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 10:12 am
       |
         61 comments
 




friday, december 28, 2012



                      	 
                      	 general norman schwarzkopf, a hero is gone
	                       
                          



retired general h. norman schwarzkopf, commander of all coalition forces during the gulf war in 1991 has died from complications of pneumonia.  general schwarzkopf was 78.

schwarzkopf had a long and distinguished career in the the united states army earning a reputation as having a hot temper which earned him the nickname, "stormin' norman," while serving in vietnam as he would use that temper to demand helicopters in support of troops under his command. as a battalion commander schwarzkopf risked his life and was wounded when he learned members of his battalion were trapped in a mine field.  he came to the rescue of those trapped in the field and led them out of the mine field being wounded himself while carrying a wounded soldier who had been injured as a result of an exploding mine.

schwarzkopf rose through the ranks of general in the 1970's and early 80's being awarded his fourth star in 1988 and assigned a commander in chief of us central command which included the horn of africa, the middle east and south asia. he developed a hypothetical plan to defend persian gulf oil fields from a invasion by iraq, a plan that came to fruition in 1991 as saddam hussein invaded kuwait which led to the gulf war placing schwarzkopf in full command of us and coalition forces.

after quickly defeating the iraqi military and ousting iraqi forces from kuwait defeating saddam hussein, schwarzkopf was offered chief of staff of the united states army making him the ranking officer in the army and a member of the joint chiefs. schwarzkopf declined the promotion and retired in august of 1991.  many believed he would pursue a career in politics and make a run for president of the united states but he did not.

in 1993 general schwarzkopf was diagnosed with prostate cancer and was successfully treated for it while becoming a spokesman advocating preventative measures against a cancer that affects 1 in 4 men.  general schwarzkopf is survived by his wife brenda and three children. a hero has gone and may he rest in peace. god bless the memory of general herbert norman schwarzkopf.

ken taylor



posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 10:20 am
       |
         65 comments
 




monday, december 24, 2012



                      	 
                      	 merry christmas - the gift of love 
	                       
                          



christmas 2012 is here. families all over our great land will gather to share 
gifts, food but most of all love. love, the most important and magnificent part 
of christmas. love shared with family and friends. love shared with neighbors 
and fellow workers. it is love which made christmas possible for each of us to 
celebrate every year.

this love was not shared with gifts under a tree. 
nor was it shared only with family and friends but to all mankind. this love 
came wrapped in a little baby who was born in the most humble of circumstances, 
a lowly manger which was found in a stable because it was the only place that 
was open for his birth and he was born there because he came to this earth to 
offer himself to those who would accept him. on that first christmas day a 
stable was all that was available so that is where he was born.

today he 
is no different. though he grew into a man who freely sacrificed himself on a 
cross and conquered the grave so that all mankind could have life through him, 
he still only enters the hearts of those who are willing to accept the love that 
he has so freely given. the politically correct may try to deny him as they 
bombard us with happy holidays, but he loves them too and patiently waits for 
them to receive the love that he also gave for them. "for unto you is born 
this day in the city of david, a saviour which is christ the 
lord."

it was for us that he came and it was love which compelled 
him to come. it is that same love which he still offers to us today. a love that 
brings with it life eternal and peace which passes all understanding. and that 
my friends is the true reason and meaning of christmas. while all of the 
trappings, the lights, the trees, the gifts, the food, santa, ebenezer scrooge 
are all grand, the list is almost endless, christmas truly is about love. born 
in manger to die on a cross, victorious over the grave so that all mankind may 
have life through him.

merry christmas to each of you and god's richest 
blessings for years to come!

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 1:09 am
       |
         9 comments
 




thursday, december 20, 2012



                      	 
                      	 sandy hook would be a different story with one armed teacher
	                       
                          



every time a lunatic murders someone whether it is a tragic massacre like sandy hook elementary school or a lunatic who kills someone while he is robbing them politicians and pundits seek every opportunity to blame society, guns, movie and television and video games for their actions.  always looking to blame anyone and everything else and never placing the responsibility on the lunatic who actually kills.

society, the weapons, movies/television nor video games picked up the weapons and pulled the triggers on that tragic friday when adam lanza forced his way into sandy hook elementary school and murdered 20 children and 6 adults.  it was a single lunatic hell bent on killing as many as he could before killing himself and the only way that this could have been prevented was not with more legislation or changing something in society but having at least one teacher in the school with a concealed weapon who child have taken this lunatic out before he killed so many children and teachers.

allowing teachers to carry concealed weapons in school combined with proper training to do so will protect children from lunatics like lanza.  armed security guards would be excellent but most school districts would complain about the cost of paying a full time security guard so by allowing teachers to carry a concealed weapon eliminates the financial argument for security guards.

it's time to quit blaming and making excuses and actually protect our children. barack obama wants to investigate gun control while keeping a necessary arsenal of protection for himself that is appropriate for a president. if a president should be protected by armed security the children deserve no less and arming teachers provides that protection!

ken taylor 

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 10:21 am
       |
         11 comments
 




saturday, december 15, 2012



                      	 
                      	 newtown, conn - a nation mourns
	                       
                          



a lone lunatic took the lives of innocents in a senseless murder spree in newtown, conn and our nation mourns. this tragedy has nothing to do with blaming society, guns or video games but the entire blame falls on a crazed lunatic who murdered innocent children and staff at sandy hook elementary school in newtown.

god bless those who grieve over the loss of loved ones. god bless those who survived and now must deal with the loss of family and friends. god bless those who must deal with the after effects of this tragedy and investigate why a lunatic chose murder before his own suicide. god bless the memory of the children who now sit at god's feet and those who were murdered along with the children. may he comfort the grieving and bless the families in their grief.

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 1:28 am
       |
         15 comments
 




thursday, december 13, 2012



                      	 
                      	 the war on christmas is real
	                       
                          

the left and those who call themselves politically correct whine that it just isn't true, there is no war against christmas. the idea that a systematic war against christmas and it's true meaning, the birth of christ, is nothing more than a right wing conspiracy and anyone who tells you differently is just crying wolf, is what the left and the politically correct want you to believe. yet the war not only exists but is growing in its scope each year.

look for example at the forced use by the politically correct of the use of the greeting happy holidays and you need go no further to prove that there is a war against christmas. the word holiday has become the chosen substitute for christmas and in the public arena the use of the word has become a demand to prevent what the politically correct claim is offensive in using christmas rather than the chosen pc word holiday.

january has two holidays, new years day and martin luther king's birthday and no one demands the use of the the greeting happy holidays.  february finds valentines day, presidents day and if one includes the celebration of lincoln's and washington's birthdays in the mix the month holds four holidays and no demand that happy holidays be used as a greeting.

may has cinco de mayo celebrated by millions around the world and of course memorial day yet no call for using happy holidays. september has labor day, october halloween and november veterans day and thanksgiving yet no demand the use of the greeting happy holidays for any of those months.

yet december which holds the celebration of the birth of christ, christmas day and the hundreds of traditions that are specifically for that celebration to prevent from being offensive happy holidays is substituted for merry christmas as well as traditions such as the christmas tree whose idea was specifically linked to the celebration of christmas and christmas only becomes a holiday tree.

one more evidence of a systematic war against christmas lies in the celebration of another religious holiday but whose religion is considered politically correct so it is not offensive to call the celebration what it is. the muslim religion has become the politically correct religion so the mention of the celebration of ramadan is not considered offensive by the left and the politically correct but christmas is.

so to the politically correct i say emphatically merry christmas. to those who fear being offended by the celebration of the birth of christ i proudly offend you now by wishing you a merry christmas.  to the employers who fear offending customers because of political correctness i say merry christmas and will do so in your business for my christmas greeting as i exit your doors.  to those who believe as i that christmas is the celebration of the birth of christ and if it offends others by expressing that celebration could care less about them being offended than i proudly join you in wishing everyone a merry christmas.

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 9:31 am
       |
         5 comments
 




monday, december 10, 2012



                      	 
                      	 thank  you jim demint - tim scott for senate
	                       
                          


south carolina senator jim demint has announced he is leaving the senate to take over as head of the conservative think tank the heritage foundation. one cannot blame demint for leaving congress where conservatives are demonized and going where a conservative is appreciated.  demint many times in his years in the senate has been the only true conservative voice on many issues. it has been an honor to have demint as our senator in south carolina and he will be missed. many within my state, myself included consider him our only senator since lindsay graham has betrayed the conservative values he was elected on more times than not in the last several years. we in this state elected both senators based on true conservative values and policies and only demint has lived up to voter expectations and beliefs.  thank you senator demint.

now south carolina governor nikki haley has a decision to make.  with demint leaving the senate before his term is over in 2016 a void will be left that is extremely hard to fill and it will be the responsibility of our governor to appoint someone to finish demint's term and represent south carolina and possibly run for reelection in 2016.


as a south carolina conservative i am taking this opportunity to second the suggestion by fellow south carolina blogger, mike's america, and urge governor haley to appoint a true conservative who will continue real conservative representation and fight for conservative beliefs and issues as jim demint has since the day he took office.  south carolina district 1 congressmen tim scott will be that representative.

scott is beginning his second term representing the first south carolina district in the house of representatives. he easily won reelection on november 6 and has been a staunch conservative voice for our state. i had the honor of voting for scott in his first term but was unable to for his second as south carolina has grown and the county i live in was apportioned into a new seventh south carolina congressional district and as such elected a new member in congress with scott's first district moving south of my area.

while i am proud of our new representative tom rice, i was saddened to lose tim scott as my representative.  scott has been a steadfast voice for conservative values and policy since taking office and has echoed the stance of jim demint on every issue.  scott would step into the responsibilities in the senate filling the void left by demint completely following the true conservative values demint has represented throughout his career.

i urge governor haley to look no further that tim scott as she considers the replacement for senator demint.  scott will represent our state and our nation standing firm on constitutional and conservative values and seeking both at every turn in the united states senate. tim scott for senate!

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 11:37 am
       |
         27 comments
 




friday, december 07, 2012



                      	 
                      	 pearl harbor - a date that lives in infamy
	                       
                          

december 7, 1941 a date that will live in infamy. a date we will never forget, remembering those who sacrificed all for our nation and our freedom.











ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 10:37 am
       |
         64 comments
 




thursday, december 06, 2012



                      	 
                      	 obama's, "fiscal cliff," plan
	                       
                          

republicans are talking surrender, saying they are willing to, "negotiate," with obama about the, "fiscal cliff," which allows the bush tax rates, (not cuts), to expire december 31st as well as massive cuts in the military through sequestration.  the gop negotiating tool is to end tax, "loopholes," and deduction for the, "rich," but not changing the rates.  in other words double talk because when the deductions are ended although rates don't change taxes go up for every small business in the united states as individuals who own the business will pay higher taxes since their deductions will no longer be in affect.

but barack obama is not going for this now saying that this approach mathematically does not work.  just one month ago when he was running for reelection and as a typical liberal politician who refuses to talk tax increases when running for office but seeks them after winning, obama stated that closing loopholes and ending deductions would work without raising rates. now that he's won the math doesn't work. the only difference is now he has no one to be accountable to in a voting booth so talking about raising taxes fits the liberal ideology.

but no matter what plan the gop puts forth unless they cave 100% to obama's plan, he will let the, "fiscal cliff," take place and allow the tax rates to expire as well as military cuts that he demanded during the negotiations to raise the debt limit when he stated he would not sign any debt limit increase unless it included the sequestration cuts and john boehner caved then as he is doing now.

obama's real plan is to let this cliff happen in order to get the military cuts he wants and raise tax rates for those making $250k and up at the same time.  by allowing the rates to expire at the end of the month he gets everything he wants then can force congress to make him look like a hero when he proposes tax cuts for the middle class equal to the same rates that expired thus keeping the status quo but telling the american people that he cut taxes for the 98% and forced the 2% who provide all the jobs to, "pay their fair share."

all of this will take place soon after the new year when the next congress convenes and obama can get one of his liberal democrat cronies to submit his legislation in the house. any representative who dares oppose tax cuts for the middle class after obama has allowed them to expire in the first place will be demonized as an enemy of the people. so the house will vote unanimously for obama's tax cuts and so will the senate and obama will take all the credit for cutting taxes when all he did was keep the status quo and raise taxes on the job creators while allowing massive cuts to our military.

this is his plan and that is why he has no qualms about leaving for a three week hawaiian vacation with the, "cliff," looming spending tax payer dollars to play in the sun and the surf.  he knows it is a win/win situation for him and has no intention of compromise, a lie he has told the american people throughout the election and since. so sit back and watch as obama puts his ego, his partisan ideology and his vacation before the country and the people then lie to us about how he saved the day next year when he puts forth the, "tax cut," legislation.

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 1:39 am
       |
         6 comments
 




monday, december 03, 2012



                      	 
                      	 the obama rerun
	                       
                          

here we are almost a month past the election and the last four weeks have seemed like a political summer rerun.  obama is still throwing the country down the tubes for his political legacy while congressional republicans are cowing down or acting like democrat light. all i can say is thanks to the 65 million dupes who reelected the loser in the oval office.

obama is clearly showing that his lie about seeking compromise because he, "heard," the voice of the american people through the election, was nothing more than the typical obama lie to tell people what he thinks they want to hear then do exactly what he wants regardless of the consequences. the, "fiscal cliff," is looming and all he does is play the same political games he was playing before the election.

his plan is nothing new, raise taxes on the, "rich," in his usual class warfare mode and pretend to be concerned about spending while offering nothing in the way of spending cuts only tax increases.  republicans on the other hand keep talking a new game but when push is coming to shove proposing democrat light ideas and caving on tax increases pretending that eliminating deductions is different than raising tax rates knowing that it offers the exact same result to those whose rates they are claiming to protect. the bottom line is if deductions are eliminated taxes still go up.

on the foreign policy front benghazi is still being ignored except by fox news and congress is crying wolf about hearings which is allowing obama to get away with murder. egypt is becoming another iran islamic state thanks to an obama policy that backed the islamic horse during the so called arab spring. as egypt goes so goes the middle east if events follow the usual course and obama policy does not change which is highly unlikely since he believes he is the greatest foreign policy president in our history as the world collapses because  of his weak appeasement policy.

yep, thanks again to the 65 million who brought the nightmare back and given us four more years of disaster, deficits, danger and the systematic theft of our freedoms.

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 10:59 am
       |
         5 comments
 




wednesday, november 28, 2012



                      	 
                      	 obama may have won but the true america will prevail
	                       
                          

i have taken a break from the madness of the post election fall out not because i have lost interest or given up the fight but because i was and am still sick of listening to pundits, commentators and even many who claim to be conservatives that america has shifted to the left and the only way to win an election is to become the very thing we have fought to defeat, a liberal or at best democrat light.

call me an eternal optimist or an idiot but i refuse to accept or believe that my country is now a left wing freeloading mob that no longer believes in real freedom and that government is the answer to any and everything.  i refuse to believe that the majority of americans are now enslaved to a government and refuse to be nothing more than a freeloading mob on the take for whatever they can get.

i am not referring to those who actually need medicare, ssi or accept veterans benefits, but those who have chosen to become freeloaders and live off the government because it is there and available. they will never understand freedom because they have chosen to be slaves to the government and they come from all ethnic backgrounds. 

the real america and true america and the majority still believe in freedom, free enterprise, freedom of expression and the freedom to stand on our own using the god given freedom and abilities to become who those abilities can make us.  we still make up the vast majority who understand that true freedom and liberty comes from god not given by a government and living in that freedom means becoming our own person making our own way and providing for those we love in an honest and hard working manner.

that is the real america and my america is bigger than a barack obama or a minority of freeloaders who are enslaved to the government pigsty. my america is worth fighting for and loving as well and living in because in it freedom rings and will prevail.  and yes my friends our america will prevail because it has been bought with the price of blood from millions who sacrificed to pay the price of freedom.

our america will prevail because it is the land of our forefathers and the heritage they passed down to us is that which we will fight to preserves so we can pass it to our own children and grandchildren. because that is who we are as americans. we are the land of the free and home of the brave and will prevail because god gives us our freedoms and our constitution protects those freedoms for all to embrace.  this is our land, our heritage and our american. may god bless her and may our flag always wave free!

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 1:42 am
       |
         3 comments
 




monday, november 26, 2012



                      	 
                      	 susan rice has no business at state department
	                       
                          

there has been much talk about who will replace hillary clinton as secretary of state early next year when she steps down in the first days of the second obama administration. all indications from an obama news conference to inside reports from many in the administration lead to the conclusion that un ambassador susan rice tops obama's list for the vacating cabinet position.

many tout rices five show talking heads tour in the first days after the terrorist attack on benghazi, lying about it being a video rather than a planned attack killing our ambassador and three others as reason enough to keep her nomination from being confirmed for secretary of state.  her defenders, obama among them claim she was just stating the administration line as she lied on each talking heads show and as such has no fault in the cover up after benghazi.  yet if she were secretary of state in the same situation would she not be expected to make he own decisions and conclusions based on intelligence information she saw and not just following the bidding of her boss in the oval office?

setting this lie aside though rice as the un ambassador has been a complete failure and this along with the lie about benghazi make her completely unqualified and dangerous as secretary of state. at every opportunity in her role as un ambassador rice has looked out more for the interests of the un and not the united states. her every decision as ambassador has been to cave to un mandates and policy that are never in the best interest of the united states.

she has been an advocate for un policy and not the security and sovereignty of our country.  the ambassador at the un is expected to look out for the best interest of the united states at a united nations whose goal has been for several decades to support every despot and third world dictatorship and oppose everything the united states stands for.  rice has caved to the un at every turn and not once in her tenure at the un supported freedom or ideals that would expand freedom but rather un propaganda and its anti american ideals.

if she were to take this same approach at the state department we would have our top diplomat giving in to every enemy, supporting every anti american action and allowing those who would do us the most harm to have their way at every turn.  as secretary of state she would be not just dangerous but a hazard to all us interests throughout the world putting lives in danger and our security at risk.

while this type of performance may be acceptable to barack obama whose foreign policy since taking office has been a failure and dangerous to america the nomination of rice should be blocked at every opportunity to prevent the nations top diplomat from being a danger also.  rice has no business at state and she should be allowed to drift into oblivion as a failed diplomat and liar who endangered the country she claimed to serve.

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 9:29 am
       |
         7 comments
 




wednesday, november 21, 2012



                      	 
                      	 thanksgiving and our american heritage 
	                       
                          

as i was anticipating what thanksgiving would offer, great food, time with our 
families, football, christmas decorating and reflecting on the goodness that god 
has bestowed, i was traveling on one of the main highways near my home. it was 
cool for the southeastern coastal area and the chill in the air actually added 
to the warm holiday feeling.my thoughts were centering around 
thanksgiving and out of the corner of my eye i noticed a 200 foot pole with what 
i believe is one of the most beautiful sights on earth waiving in the breeze. 
old glory was at full furl in the wind. as i took in this magnificent scene i 
began thinking about the marvelous heritage we as americans have that no one 
else on earth can claim.a heritage that at times we take for granted 
which has brought us freedom and liberty that have never been experienced before 
in human history except in this land we love, the united states of america. 
freedom that began as ideals then flourished into the gathering of some of the 
most brilliant minds the world has ever known who met in philadelphia in 1776 
and displayed the courage to commit treason against the british crown in placing 
their names on a most precious document that brought their ideals into reality 
and gave birth to a nation."we hold these 
truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed 
by their creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, 
liberty and the pursuit of 
happiness."these are more than just words 
penned to paper but the birth of freedom and opportunity that began the heritage 
which allows each of us as americans to reflect with grateful hearts for all 
that god has given us throughout our short and prosperous history. this heritage 
came at a cost through great sacrifice to insure that those freedoms expressed 
so many years ago which are, "endowed by our creator," are able to 
continue for us and future generations.i think of those bitter days at 
valley forge when the determination of george washington held the fledgling 
continental army together to later become victorious baptizing this new nation 
with the precious blood of fallen hero's. of those terrible years from 1860-1865 
when this young country and her constitution were put through the ultimate test 
when brother fought brother, both believing that they were fighting for the same 
ideals that the founders intended and when the test was over this nation found a 
new birth of freedom that, "this government of the people, by the people, 
for the people, shall not perish from the earth."i think of the 
dough-boys living in the filth of the trenches of wwi hundreds of miles from 
home yet still fighting for the same ideals that their brothers died for in the 
revolution. of the ,"greatest generation," who sacrificed and defeated fascism 
to ring liberties bell loud and long throughout the world as old glory flew 
proclaiming that all men can be free.the men who landed at inchon and 
climbed pork chop hill in, "the forgotten war, " korea, but who fought for 
liberties flag with the same determination and sacrifice as their brothers of 
the past. those who sacrificed and gave of themselves in the jungles of vietnam 
standing true to liberties cause. the thousands of hero's of desert storm, 
fallujah, baghdad and the mountains of afghanistan who defended liberty and 
sacrificed for freedom.then i realized that this marvelous heritage that 
has grown through history is not just a heritage of the past but a living 
vibrant heritage that continues to grow and flourish each day that the red, 
white and blue flies, whether here at home, the middle east, north or south, 
east or west or where ever the influence of, " we the people," and the immortal 
words of the declaration penned in 1776 and the constitution penned in 1787 are 
expressed by our brave men and women in uniform or by travelers on business or 
pleasure both at home and abroad. for you see all of us are part of this 
historical and living heritage that is america.as freedom rings in this 
land we love, general washington still strides atop his white horse. abraham 
lincoln continues to share both his whit and his wisdom to us all. orville and 
wilbur wright will always be flying at kitty hawk, nc. thomas edison is 
inventing the light bulb. alexander graham bell still asks watson, "can you hear 
me?" both making earth changing discoveries. david o. selznick forever directs 
scarlett and rhett. sousa still waves his baton to the stirring fanfare 
of,"stars and stripes forever."as freedom rings in our beloved america, 
the battleship arizona and her brave crew will always sail the seas. lucy, 
ricky, barney, andy and the beaver forever make us laugh. john f. kennedy 
eternally proclaims, "ask not what your country can do for you, but what you 
can do for your country." neal armstrong continues to, "take one small 
step for man and one giant leap for mankind." ronald reagan will always 
see, "the shining city on a hill, " and the world trade center will 
forever stand glistening in the sun.today in distant lands our best and 
brightest are fighting to keep this heritage of freedom and liberty alive and 
vibrant so that future generations can forever sing, "my country tis of 
thee, sweet land of liberty of thee i sing." so that future generations 
will always be able to reflect with pride on the liberties they are now paying 
for with their unselfish sacrifice.during this time set aside on the 
long calendar year to give thanks for all that we have and all that we are, let 
us not neglect to remember the bountiful blessing each of us know as the united 
states of america. giving thanks for our family, our hero's serving in distant 
lands and here at home. thanksgiving for our freedoms and the living, breathing 
heritage that keeps us free. god bless you and yours through this holiday season 
and may god continue to bless the united states of america. happy 
thanksgiving.ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 9:45 am
       |
         7 comments
 







                      	 
                      	 the first presidential thanksgiving proclamation 
	                       
                          

as we celebrate thanksgiving, spending time with family and friends and enjoying that which god has blessed each of us with, let us look back to the words of george washington as he proclaimed a day of thanksgiving for our new country, seeking god's blessing on her and our people.

by the president of the united states of america, a 
proclamation.whereas it is the duty of all nations to 
acknowledge the providence of almighty god, to obey his will, to be grateful for 
his benefits, and humbly to implore his protection and favor-- and whereas both 
houses of congress have by their joint committee requested me to recommend to 
the people of the united states a day of public thanksgiving and prayer to be 
observed by acknowledging with grateful hearts the many signal favors of 
almighty god especially by affording them an opportunity peaceably to establish 
a form of government for their safety and happiness. now therefore i do 
recommend and assign thursday the 26th day of november next to be devoted by the 
people of these states to the service of that great and glorious being, who is 
the beneficent author of all the good that was, that is, or that will be-- that 
we may then all unite in rendering unto him our sincere and humble thanks--for 
his kind care and protection of the people of this country previous to their 
becoming a nation--for the signal and manifold mercies, and the favorable 
interposition's of his providence which we experienced in the course and 
conclusion of the late war--for the great degree of tranquility, union, and 
plenty, which we have since enjoyed--for the peaceable and rational manner, in 
which we have been enabled to establish constitutions of government for our 
safety and happiness, and particularly the national one now lately 
instituted--for the civil and religious liberty with which we are blessed; and 
the means we have of acquiring and diffusing useful knowledge; and in general 
for all the great and various favors which he hath been pleased to confer upon 
us.and also that we may then unite in most humbly offering our prayers 
and supplications to the great lord and ruler of nations and beseech him to 
pardon our national and other transgressions-- to enable us all, whether in 
public or private stations, to perform our several and relative duties properly 
and punctually--to render our national government a blessing to all the people, 
by constantly being a government of wise, just, and constitutional laws, 
discreetly and faithfully executed and obeyed--to protect and guide all 
sovereigns and nations (especially such as have shewn kindness unto us) and to 
bless them with good government, peace, and concord--to promote the knowledge 
and practice of true religion and virtue, and the increase of science among them 
and us--and generally to grant unto all mankind such a degree of temporal 
prosperity as he alone knows to be best.given under my hand at the 
city of new york the third day of october in the year of our lord 
1789.george washington

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 9:41 am
       |
         2 comments
 




monday, november 19, 2012



                      	 
                      	 lincoln the movie - a review
	                       
                          



seldom does a movie come along that brings history alive with such realism and accuracy that one can experience how that history actually took place. steven spielberg's, "lincoln," is that movie.  bringing together an all star cast with performances that can only be described as extraordinary and a story that is exceptional spielberg has brought to the screen an instant classic that brings the last months of the life of the 16th president to life in a way never before seen since those final months actually took place.

tommy lee jones gives one of his best performances as thaddeus stevens, known as the leader of the, "radical republicans, " who lead the fight for the passage of the 13th amendment to abolish slavery and is well known as the zealot who sought to force a policy of repercussion against the south after the civil war and also leading the impeachment in the house against president andrew johnson, lincoln's successor.

sally field earns praise as marry todd lincoln portraying the 16th first lady as the outspoken yet somewhat mad women who was well known in washington as a spendthrift and in the last years of the lincoln presidency bordered on insanity as she never recovered from the death of the lincoln's 11 year old son willie.  field brings to the screen the complicated mary todd in a performance that ranks among her best.

david strathairn one of the best character actors in hollywood brings to life secretary of state william seward in such realism that one can almost see the pictures of lincoln's secretary of states each time strathairn is on the screen. his interaction with lincoln and portrayal of lincoln's chief cabinet position shows the importance of seward in the lincoln administration and history as never before.

yet with all of the masterful performances each pales in comparison with that of daniel day lewis as abraham lincoln. many brilliant actors from hal holbrook to henry fonda had portrayed lincoln on the big screen but no one has brought the 16th president to life as well as lewis. other performances has tried to portray lincoln in the greatness that history shows him to be. lewis reveals lincoln as a simple man who through his personality and convictions express greatness. a greatness that demands the respect and admiration of even his political foes.

the movie is based in part on the doris kearns goodwin book, "team of rivals," a brilliantly written character study of lincoln and those who he brought into his cabinet first as political foes he needed close to him in order to, "keep and eye," on them because of their staunch opposition of him. then over time came to admire and respect lincoln as they saw the greatness of a man they initially thought a buffoon.

spielberg centers his movie on the final months of the civil war and lincoln's life as he battles to pass the 13th amendment to the constitution that abolished slavery in the united states.  a battle that even with the war still had tremendous opposition in especially the democrat party.  republicans backed the amendment without exception for passage but lincoln with help from members of his staff and administration has to coax 20 members of the democrat opposition in order to bring passage of the amendment and end slavery officially in america.

spielberg's lincoln is one of the best historical dramas ever produced. it brings well known historical figures to life in such realism that one feels a part of the history and not just an observer watching a movie. it portrays one of the most important moments in american history, the passage of the 13th amendment and how so may worked and sacrificed in order to make the necessary change to the constitution to bring freedom to millions. 

for history buffs like me, "lincoln," is a must see. for movie fans," lincoln," is a must see. for those who have even a fleeting interest in the past and how that past shapes the present and our future ,"lincoln," is a must see. many have speculated that, "lincoln," will be the top nominated movie for the 2013 academy awards. in this i agree and not because of the political aspect the awards have become but because of an exceptional movie with exceptional acting. don't miss this excellent movie.

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 11:18 am
       |
         78 comments
 




thursday, november 15, 2012



                      	 
                      	 obama's benghazi verses nixon's watergate
	                       
                          

barack obama's benghazi/patreaus situation is beginning to take on watergate proportions now that the election is over. of course no one died during watergate and obama while watching from the white house allowed ambassador chris stevens and three others to die. he is now claiming he issued orders to do everything necessary to protect american lives as the attack was taking place, but all reports refute this lie he made during his press conference on wednesday. in fact all reports show that all rescue efforts that were under way were told to stand down not do what is necessary to save american lives.



but i am getting off subject, in the comparisons to watergate.  richard nixon won reelection in 1972 in a landslide against george mcgovern. barack obama won reelection in a close race against mitt romney laced with reports of massive voter fraud. for instance 59 precincts in philadelphia with nearly 20,000 votes cast and not one vote for romney?  that my friends is an impossibility.  again my disgust over the situation takes me off subject.


back to benghazi verses watergate.  prior to the 72 election watergate was beginning to make news as information about a possible cover up was starting to take root. benghazi actually took place shortly before the 2012 election while the fbi investigation of david patreaus was underway during the same period.  one major difference comes in the fact that in 1972 the media was not making a concentrated effort to help nixon hide the truth about watergate while 2012 had almost all of the media except fox news not only helping obama hide the truth but refusing to even cover the story.

now the election is over and finally benghazi is making the headlines it deserved before the election but only because it has now included a sex scandal with cia director david patreaus. soon after the 1972 election watergate began taking on a life of its on as the truth of the cover up began coming out and congress started an investigation with a select committee whose sole responsibility was to find the truth about watergate and the cover up that followed.

the 2012 election is over and several congressional committees are starting to investigate benghazi and the situation with david patreaus but each committee has a separate goal with different questions, ideas etc, as to what they seek to find. thus the necessity for a select committee like that which investigated watergate becomes a must so that all the information about benghazi can come to light without details that could lead to the absolute truth as to who knew what and when becomes lost in the confusion of many committees as opposed to one.

as watergate began to escalate the cover up began to unravel and in august 1974 just over a year and a half after the beginning of the second term of richard nixon, he resigned when he and his staff realized that impeachment was coming as the house of representatives was in the process of preparing the articles of impeachment against nixon.  nixon knew he would lose in the house but only the day before his resignation did he come to the conclusion that he would also lose the senate trial that follows impeachment and be removed from office as the votes were not there to support his remaining president. so he resigned before the inevitable took place.

is this the direction that benghazi is beginning to take?  watergate pales in comparison to benghazi and the complete neglect of duty, the ignoring of facts, lying to prevent the public from knowing it was a terrorist attack and of course four americans died while the president watched it happen doing nothing to help and in the weeks before to prevent it from happening.

the cover up that followed benghazi is also far worse than watergate as it involves our nations security and the protection of americans. watergate was an abuse of the presidency and presidential powers. benghazi was a threat to our safety and our people.  once again no one died in watergate. nixon lied to cover up his illegal activities and protect his staff. obama lied for two weeks about a video, ordered help to stand down and allowed americans to die.  watergate is nothing compared to benghazi.

a president resigned because of watergate. a president is accountable for the murder of four americans because of benghazi.  the difference is obvious and if the final results after a full investigation is anything less than watergate than it not only becomes a travesty but it tells the nation and the world that the lives of americans mean nothing to this president and to our enemies is gives free reign to kill our personnel knowing that nothing will happen to prevent it or revenge it.

ken taylor


posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 10:49 am
       |
         4 comments
 




tuesday, november 13, 2012



                      	 
                      	 obama reelection final thoughts - gop voter failure
	                       
                          

i have listened to pundits, commentators and nearly everyone else who expresses some sort of knowledge as to why a failed president with the worst record in us history for an incumbent chief executive won an election that was romney's for the taking. some try to claim that the republican party has to remake itself into nothing more than a re-creation of the democrat party, expanding government for giveaways, grant amnesty to illegals etc.

no amount of analyzing, second guessing or any other guess work can overcome one simple fact. 3 million who voted for john mccain in 2008 didn't bother to get off their lazy back sides and get out and vote in the most important election of their lifetime. an additional 1.5 million who were angry because their candidate, most associated with ron paul wasted their vote on gary johnson fully aware that he had no chance of winning and that their vote would actually help reelect obama.

4.5 million votes in the romney camp changes the election to a 51% romney popular vote and an electoral win as it would have changed the entire dynamic in every swing state that obama took. i understand and like many of you am frustrated and angry at what is obviously a great deal of voter fraud. no one can convince me that in 59 precincts in philadelphia with over 19,000 votes not one vote was cast for mitt romney.

voter fraud problems are part of every election where a democrat machine that will stoop to any low to try and steal an election is in the mix. but this problem has been around for decades and republicans have won regardless of voter fraud by the left. if 4.5 million either lazy voters or wasted votes for johnson had been cast for romney as they should have been the voter fraud would not have mattered and romney would be building his transition team today.

the romney get out the vote campaign especially on election day failed. poll watchers were left without instructions and many polling places were left without a republican poll watcher leaving many questions as to why this was allowed to fail as it did.

we cam blame leftists, voter fraud, strong arm tactics etc. until our face turns blue, but unless we can get our own people to actually vote we have no one to blame but ourselves for the loss. we all wonder how half the country can still back obama but when such a large number of the rest who oppose obama refused to get out and vote to keep him from reelection how can we complain and blame anything else.

if 4.5 million voters had come out or not wasted their vote for johnson because of their blind loyalty to ron paul, we are looking at a 51% majority and 49% voting for obama not half the country.   now the left tries to claim that we are a center left country not center right. they are celebrating what they think is a victory for a progressive american which does not exist.

the conservative message is not at fault but the lazy response by conservatives in voting. the conservative icon who we look to at all times, ronald reagan, would have been angered by conservatives who refused to vote and allowed obama to win. he would have scolded ron paul addicts who wasted their vote in an election that meant the salvation for our country.

was romney the perfect candidate? absolutely not but he was a good candidate who offered america a direction that would lead to prosperity and freedom rather than the misery and government control offered by obama.  those that voted for obama are getting what they deserved. the difference is that they chose the obama disaster. the 4.5 million who refused to vote or wasted their vote are also getting what they deserve, but they knew what we faced and chose to sacrifice america for their own laziness and personal vendetta against those who did not back ron paul.  that is not only a travesty but a disgrace to the principles that made our country great.

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 12:54 am
       |
         2 comments
 




friday, november 09, 2012



                      	 
                      	 veterans day and everyday thank a vet 
	                       
                          

they forged a nation by their sacrifice and blood at places like lexington, 
trenton, camden and yorktown. they defended the capitol in 1812 and in that same 
century fought in unlikely places like resaca de la palmae , rio san gabriel in 
mexico, gettysburg, shilo, and antietam. they suffered in the muddy trenches of 
europe in wwi and stormed the beaches of normandy, anzio, iwo jima, and okinawa 
in wwii. korea found them at inchon and pork cop hill and vietnam sent them to 
hamburger hill, song be and the, " hanoi hilton."

they combed the seas and skies during the cold war while in a state of readiness , watching the moves of , "the big red dog." they liberated kuwait and have fought in the middle east once again at fallujah, bagdhad, and the mountains of afghanistan. they have served in germany, japan, and every nation in the free world as well as 
thousands of posts throughout the united states. while the founding fathers are 
the authors of our nation, veterans are the defenders and the protectors of our 
freedoms and liberties.

they never left home to be heroes, but in defending this nation that is what they became. some sought excitement and just the opportunity of leaving home. while others left because of a sense of duty. not one ever knowing what was in store nor whether they would return home but knowing that service to their country was something they had to do.

they said goodbye to sweethearts, wives, children, moms, dads, friends and neighbors 
not knowing when they would meet again but left everyone with the assurance that 
they were doing what they felt was right and necessary for them and the nation 
they loved. some never made it home , while others returned troubled by what 
they experienced or disabled because of wounds received. many would not talk of 
what they had seen but all understood that the sacrifice they made was not in 
vain and helped to keep this nation and their loved ones free.

each of us owe a dept of gratitude to these silent heroes that this nation and her people will never be able to repay. for it is through their sacrifice and commitment 
that we live and breath in the free air of liberty. with their lives these brave 
men and women have paid for our liberties by their blood. through their sweat 
and determination they fought for a country that they loved and in principles 
they not only believed in but were willing to lay down their life to 
defend.

it is because of their sacrifice that we remain free. it is 
because of their willingness to serve that we are strong and a nation of 
greatness. it is because of their dedication to the cause of liberty that we 
bask in the light of that statue in the harbor that calls to the world, "give me 
your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe 
free."

each morning we wake in this nation of the free we owe a debt of 
thanks to a vet! as we live and perform our daily tasks we owe a vet ! when our 
children leave on the bus in the morning or we drop them off at school we owe 
their freedom to receive an education to a vet! when we wake on sunday mornings 
and leave for our place of worship we owe that freedom to a vet ! when we play 
at yosemite or in the waves that hit our shores we owe that liberty to a vet ! 
when we turn on the tube and root for our favorite nfl , mlb or nba team or join 
the fans in the stadiums we owe that enjoyment to a vet ! when we cash that 
paycheck or make an investment for the future of our family we owe that 
financial freedom to a vet !

when we stand in tribute to the flag that waves in the breeze we owe the very fact that that flag still waves to a vet ! our veterans have served, sacrificed and yes many have died to insure that this 
nation will always be free and that each of us who call america home can live 
free and never worry that those freedoms will be threatened by a foreign power, 
or military force without their intervention and protection.

while they never sought to be heroes each of them throughout our history have become heroes as they served this nation and her people throughout the world and here at home. from the beginning our veterans have told us, " while i serve you will never 
need worry because i am on watch !"

we owe each of them so much more than we can ever give. they are among us wherever we go in this land and at every opportunity we should tell them how much we appreciate all that they have given for our nation and our people. then watch the glimmer in the eye shine with pride just because we said, "thank you !"

they never ask for that thanks but when it is given it causes a swell of pride for a job well done and a service that has kept us free. today and everyday where ever they may be and whenever we meet them be sure to thank a vet because we owe them for our 
freedom, our liberty and the very existence of our nation!

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 10:17 am
       |
         3 comments
 




thursday, november 08, 2012



                      	 
                      	 obama thanks sandy victims for reelection by ignoring them
	                       
                          

this post will be short and to the point. many political pundits credit obama photo ops with chris christie for his reelection. he lied to the millions who were affected by hurricane sandy when he told them they would have no problem getting all the help needed after the storm. so here we are, obama is reelected relaxing back in the white house and he is completely ignoring the thousands in the northeast suffering from sandy.

a nor'easter has now struck the area dumping snow and freezing temperatures on the entire region. thousand are still homeless, living on the street and many are staying in substandard housing with no roof building fires to just keep warm.  not a word from obama. fema offices are closed due to, "weather."  food and water is scarce. electricity is still off many areas not on at all since sandy.  obama's promise of quick help is just another lie from a president whose entire time in office has been and for four more years will be just one lie after anther.

he watched from the white house as four americans were murdered in benghazi, libya and now he watches as thousands of americans suffer without any help from the government he promised would be there.  his visit was nothing more than a photo op for his reelection. the victims gave him his photo op and now obama could care less about their plight. he celebrated tuesday night returned to the white house on wednesday and before that and since not a word or a thought about the victims of sandy. you who voted for this imbecile are getting exactly what you wanted and deserve!

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 10:57 am
       |
         3 comments
 




wednesday, november 07, 2012



                      	 
                      	 obama wins second term
	                       
                          

barack obama has narrowly won a second term as president.  in a race that was tight down to the very wire, obama took the critical state of ohio in the late evening and soon after, enough electoral votes that a narrow electoral lead gave him a second term.  a term with no mandate, a senate that remains about the same as before but a house of representatives that has a greater republican majority which constitutionally will tie the hands of an obama second term....providing obama obeys the constitution, the violating of which has been a regular practice during his first term.

many will say that voters have spoken and now is the time to rally around the president and support him in his work.  under normal reelection circumstances i would agree with that idea to a great degree but with barack obama i cannot. i cannot because i have experienced the results of four years of obama policy and my love for my country and the future of our nation and my children and grandchild demands that i stand firm and continue the fight for constitutional principles and the vision of our founding fathers.

i cannot support any president whose policy insults my country and whose direction ideology for america takes us further away from a free constitutional republic and closer to a european style socialistic state that forces government dependency upon our people, destroys business and condemns success.  that is not america and as one who believes in the true america i cannot support anyone who seeks to create an america that is anything less than the constitutional republic of our founders.

i am at a considerable loss as to how so many americans voted to lose freedom rather than embrace liberty. i am at a loss to explain how so many listened to the lies, could care less about the fact that obama allowed americans to be murdered in benghazi and are willing to accept an ideology that robs individual liberties and forces government on free citizens. i will never understand how a free people will choose government slavery and dependency to freedom.

this is why i will never support obama and what he stands for. it has nothing to do with race, or creed but freedom and individual liberty.  obama has no respect for either and tramples our constitution at every turn.  some will call me a poor loser because of this. i could care less about being called that because my love for this great country is far more important than being called names for what i believe and what i know america truly is. so call me what you will but that will not change my will to fight for my beliefs, our constitution and stopping someone who stands for neither.

i fear that four years from now i will not recognize america, at least the america i have known and the america that was passed on to me by past generations. part of me thinks i have failed because that america, the true america will continue to fade as obama takes her down the terrible path he has started and a path never intended by our founders.  he no longer faces reelection and i fear he will be a loose cannon, armed and willing to destroy what is left of freedom.

obamacare will prevail. our enemies will continue to strengthen and our allies will lose any confidence in us that they may still have.  the debt will grow, deficits will abound and bankruptcy will follow as our economy dies at the hands of obama. the unemployed have no hope for jobs because obama's economy destroys them rather than create them. taxes will rise as he will not sign any legislation extending the bush tax rates now that he does not face reelection.

so those who put this man back in office, it is now on your backs for the decline of america. those who see  a free ride from the government as a life style will never understand freedom and will condemn we who fight for it. you have your leader and he will bankrupt us to make sure he enslaves you to government. that is what we face in the next four years and we have you who voted for more of this to thank for it.

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 1:30 am
       |
         6 comments
 




tuesday, november 06, 2012



                      	 
                      	 romney takes missouri
	                       
                          

the path to the white house is still open for mitt romney as missouri goes gop.  every vote count in ohio shows a romney gain and the florida panhandle is still out so the night is young and romney still has a clear path to 270.

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 11:13 pm
       |
         1 comments
 







                      	 
                      	 romney takes nc
	                       
                          

adding 15 electoral votes to his count mitt romney takes the swing state of nc.

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 11:01 pm
       |
         1 comments
 







                      	 
                      	 romney takes arizona
	                       
                          

leaving mitt romney only 96 votes short of electoral victory the republican nominee has take arizona.

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 10:44 pm
       |
         3 comments
 







                      	 
                      	 romney takes utah and montana
	                       
                          

as expected mitt romney takes the states of utah and montana while still leading in va and nc giving romney and electoral lead of 162 to 157 as of 10:00 pm

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 10:03 pm
       |
         3 comments
 







                      	 
                      	 republicans keep house of representatives
	                       
                          

republicans have kept control of the us house of representatives gaining an additional ten seats taking the gop majority to 252.

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 9:25 pm
       |
         9 comments
 







                      	 
                      	 romney increases electoral lead.
	                       
                          

increasing his electoral lead to 149 - 127 mitt romney takes texas, la, nebraska, nd, sd, kansas and wy.




ken taylor


posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 9:05 pm
       |
         1 comments
 







                      	 
                      	 romney takes clinton country arkansas
	                       
                          

raising his electoral count to 88 mitt romney takes bill clinton's home state of arkansas.

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 8:32 pm
       |
         2 comments
 







                      	 
                      	 romney takes tenn. 
	                       
                          

another electoral boost for romney as he takes tenn. giving him an electoral lead of 82 - 78 as of 8:20 pm

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 8:22 pm
       |
         3 comments
 







                      	 
                      	 romney takes 3, obama takes 5
	                       
                          

alabama, oklahoma and mississippi go to romney while dc, maryland, delaware, conn., mass, and illinois go to obama making electoral college 78 - 71 obama as of 8:05 pm

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 8:07 pm
       |
         3 comments
 







                      	 
                      	 romney takes georgia
	                       
                          

as expected mitt romney takes the state of georgia giving him a electoral lead of 49 - 3 as of 7:53 pm.

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 7:53 pm
       |
         3 comments
 







                      	 
                      	 romney takes south carolina
	                       
                          

south carolina my home state goes red again as mitt romney take the palmetto state giving him 33 electoral votes as of 7:40 pm


ken taylor


posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 7:41 pm
       |
         1 comments
 







                      	 
                      	 kentucky and indiana projected for romney
	                       
                          

mitt romney has carried the conservative state of kentucky and in a change from 2008 indiana is now red as romney takes indiana taking a 19 to 3 lead in the electoral college.  the night is young but off  to a good  start.

ken  taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 7:05 pm
       |
         5 comments
 







                      	 
                      	 election night 2012 is here
	                       
                          

polls have been open throughout the day, votes have been cast and in the greatest tradition and freedom americans poses we the people through the electoral process will select a president. we will either retain the four years of misery we have experienced or usher in a new administration. turn out has been heavy which provides a strong case to my pre-election prediction of 315 - 330 electoral votes for mitt romney.

the night has begun and live postings will continue until the race is called and we have a decision.  all of the ads, campaigning and hopes for our nation rest tonight in the hands of the people which is as it should be in a free republic. god bless out republic as the world see freedom in action!

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 6:56 pm
       |
         11 comments
 




monday, november 05, 2012



                      	 
                      	 election night 2012
	                       
                          

as has been the practice since this blog began in 2004, continued, live updated coverage of election returns will be posted and commented upon throughout the evening from the moment the polls close at 7pm eastern time until the next president is elected.  as always each of you who follow and read this site are appreciated. 

now for my pre-election prediction. romney 52% - 47% for obama with about 1% spread out over the other candidates from other parties in the popular vote.  electoral college, romney 315, if michigan goes for romney exceeding 330. 270 is needed to win which in this writers prediction equates to a romney landslide. the fight is not over until the last vote is counted but above all get out and vote an let your voice be heard!

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 3:44 pm
       |
         10 comments
 







                      	 
                      	 obama to america, "you know me."  yes we do and we don't want another four years
	                       
                          

during a campaign stop in obama's final visit to colorado, barack obama said to the small crowd, "you know me."  yes we do know him and we know after four years of misery, a declining america, failed economy and a presidency built upon one lie after another, yes we know him and we don't want another four years of  barack hussein obama.

he lied and americans died in benghazi, libya. he lied and covered up his lack of protection for americans in benghazi and four americans are now dead because of his ignoring their plight as he watched the attack that killed them before going to las vegas to party with beyonce.  he lied to the american people in 2008 as he promised to cut the deficit in half and spent out country into near bankruptcy with trillion dollar deficits that if left unchanged by reelecting him will remain so for another four years and more.

he told voters in 2008 the national debt of 10 trillion dollars was un-patriotic, his answer to america was to increase the debt by more than 6 trillion dollars, more than every president from george washington to bill clinton combined!  he spent his entire first year doing nothing but pushing a government take over of health care that came to be known as obamacare not once listening to the american people who said they didn't want it and in a forced vote that was held on christmas eve when no one pays attention to what happens in washington because of the christmas holiday, he and his party passed this nightmare and forced it down the throats of the american people who still don't want it.

he passed a $1.2 trillion dollar, "stimulus," bill that he promised would reverse unemployment down to 5% and instead increased to above 8% with actual unemployment closer to 15% and by only fudging the numbers to help his campaign for reelection in now 7.9% in the final day before the 2012 election. 25 million americans need work and the only people who were helped by his failed stimulus are unions who do nothing to help unemployment because their practices kill business.

he said he would restore american respect throughout the world and proceeded to visit country after country apologizing for who we are claiming that our country was, "arrogant," and at fault for most of the worlds problems. as a result of his apology/appeasement diplomacy, our enemies are stronger, our allies do not trust us and yes, i will state it again, four americans are dead in benghazi, libya and more soldiers have been killed in afghanistan in four years than the preceding six as he tied their hands with rules of that stated they could not fire until fired upon in a war zone.

he said he would unite americans than began a class warfare campaign that has lasted his entire term of office condemning success and seeking to redistribute the hard earned money made by america's small business owners who are responsible for more than 50% of the job creation in our country and who already pay most of the taxes. his answer to these hard working americans is to whine for more taxation and more destruction of business if he is reelected. he has sat back and condoned as his supporters have used the fact that he is black to once again divide this nation racially as it has now become racism to disagree with a president, something americans have done since our first president but now are vilified in doing so.

he has governed over a drop in median income by nearly $5,000 dollars.  he has punished the middle class by destroying jobs, killing the housing market, stopping domestic energy production that has equated into doubling gas prices which has caused food, energy and other every day expenses to skyrocket resulting in middle class and poor americans struggling to make ends meet with many going under as a result of obama's economy.

yes, barack obama we know you and we know we cannot survive another four years of you.  yes, we know you and we know that because of you we are struggling every day. yes, we know you and we once again see the country we love hated by most of the world because of your foreign policy. yes, we know you and we watched in horror as you allowed four americans to die in benghazi, libya then left them to die as you partied with your hollywood buddies and lied to us about how it happened. yes, we know you and we don't want a person who uses the presidency to act as a celebrity but a person who takes his oath of office seriously, protects americans both at home and abroad and stands for the constitution rather than trampling on it and using it as a door mat to destroy our nation.

yes, barack obama we know you and we fire you as we the people go to the polls and vote for american restoration, the constitution and rebuilding our economy. we vote for jobs, prosperity and success. we vote for american exceptionalism and security and the protection of our people at home and abroad. we vote to defeat our enemies not embrace them. we vote to be proud of our president not despise him. we vote for freedom not government dependency. we vote to end obamacare not be imprisoned by it. we vote for the future of our country and the lives of our children that you have mortgaged by your irresponsible spending. we vote to save america not to allow you to continue to destroy it. we vote for mitt romney, the 45 president of the united states!

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 10:55 am
       |
         7 comments
 




friday, november 02, 2012



                      	 
                      	 obama answer to business, a new government bureaucracy 
	                       
                          

the last thing americans and american business needs is a new government bureaucracy. a new bureaucracy that mean more regulation, more red tape, more government intrusion, more government oversight, more government taxation and more government crippling of job growth. yet in a new announcement during campaigning, (obama's hobby since elected),  his answer to business is a new cabinet post for a secretary of business.

one of mitt romney's key criticisms and rightfully so of obama is that he has no understanding of business and what business needs to flourish and grow in the united states.  romney has been proven right by obama's announcement.  business needs freedom from government to create jobs, profitability, which also equates to jobs and the ability to handle business activities without government interference and regulation.

yet obama's answer to this crippling problem of too much government involvement for all business in the united states whether large or small is to create a new government bureaucracy under a presidential cabinet post to further hamper business and place government right in the middle of every business owner, every corporation, every small mom and pop company, dictating how jobs are handled, business is run and profits used.

along with the creation of this new bureaucracy will come a necessary tax increase to pay for it since the government is virtually broke and deficits projected to be in the trillions for the next ten years. so the only way obama would be able to pay for this government growth is to increase taxes on the very businesses he plans to control through the new cabinet post and with that the middle class since according to him he already plans to tax the rich, (business owners) to create his, "paying their fair share," tax plan he has campaigned on throughout this election cycle.

business is struggling, jobs are few if at all, millions are out of work and millions more are under employed and obama's only answer is his usual answer, government the creator of the problem is in obama's small mind the answer to every problem.  but as any business owner will tell you more government involvement, higher taxes and regulation will do nothing to help business but will in fact hamper business even more, cause less job creation not more, raise unemployment not lower it and take an already stagnate and struggling economy and take it further down the tubes which is proof that obama has no clue and cannot be allowed to remain president.  remember this on november 6!

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 10:40 am
       |
         5 comments
 




thursday, november 01, 2012



                      	 
                      	 obama's benghazi smoking gun
	                       
                          

since september 11, 2012 in the after math of the terrorist attack against the united states consulate in benghazi, libya and the murder of ambassador stevens and three others, on an almost daily basis new information has been appearing that the official story of the obama administration about what they knew and when they knew it has been a lie and wreaks of a massive cover up.  now it appears that the smoking gun may have found its way into the public eye.

according to every statement by obama, hillary clinton and every administration official who has spoken about the attack, there was no warning of any type that the consulate was in any danger of attack or the possibility of terrorist activity.  the first indication that this lie was being fed to the american public came with the revelation by cnn of the journal of ambassador stevens found in the days after the attack in the rubble of the consulate.  in the journal stevens indicated that he knew his life was in danger and he knew he was on a terrorist hit list. but this does not prove that anyone from the state department or the white house had been informed of the threat against stevens and the consulate.

catherine herridge of fox news who has been the leading reporter uncovering the lies and cover up over benghazi has discovered an recently declassified communique cable from ambassador stevens to the state department that outline in detail the threats and groups posing the threats to the consulate a full three weeks before the attack.  in the communique stevens outline several groups including the al qaeda affiliated group that eventually would claim responsibility on the day of the attack for the murder of stevens and the attack itself.  he details training camps in benghazi run by these groups as well as threats against the consulate they were issuing.

stevens goes on to state that intelligence from his sources in benghazi indicated that an attack was being planned for september 11 and that the consulate could not withstand a prolonged attack as the one intelligence indicated was being planned.  stevens requested additional security and permission to move the consulate to the annex which was easier to defend and protect than the consulate compound.

this places every report from obama, hillary and others in the administration that they knew nothing before the attacks in question and ads to the lie which was being stated for two weeks after the attack that it was a spontaneous action due to a previously unknown you tube video. it also places into question obama's claim that they did not know anything about a terrorist threat or plan for september 11, 2012.

obama has also claimed recently that when he learned of the attack that he now claims came to his attention as the attack was taking place which in itself contradicts the lies he was telling for two weeks after the attack,  he issued an order to do whatever is necessary to protect our people in benghazi. the first lie in this statement by obama is that if he issued this order for protection who disobeyed it and why haven't they been brought forward for charges of disobeying a direct order from the commander in chief.  also if he issued this order where is it?  as president every memo, order, note, letter, communique, statement, etc. is an official historical document and as such is available for public view and saving for its historical content. no one knows of or can find any order issued by obama calling for immediate protection of personnel in benghazi but there are several orders calling for all assets prepared to come to the aid of stevens and the others during the attack to stand down.

with each passing day it is becoming more obvious that not only did obama know, he watched the attack in real time from a video feed provided by a drone flying over head and knew well in advance that that attacks were coming and did nothing.  he and his staff have lied, and continue to do so spitting on the graves on ambassador stevens, the heroic navy seals who sacrificed their lives saving others during the attacks and the fourth victim whose life was sacrificed for political expedience by obama in order to protect his reelection and his political future. this one incident denies obama any second term as president as he placed himself above his constitutional responsibility to protect americans, then lied about it with a massive cover up that is still being revealed.

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 10:25 am
       |
         11 comments
 




wednesday, october 31, 2012



                      	 
                      	 obama protected by msm and social media over libya
	                       
                          



from the moments after the attack that killed ambassador stevens, two heroic navy seals and another public servant, the msm, (main stream media) has been protecting obama and those in his administration as each passing day has brought more revelation into the  lies and cover up over the september 11, 2012 libya attack.

now even social media has jumped on the protect obama band wagon as evidenced by the image shown to the left.

special operations speaks, (sos), a political action group posted this over the weekend on facebook and it immediately went viral on the social networking sight. on sunday facebook removed the image stating it violated facebook's statement of rights and responsibilities.  this took place only 24 hours after the original posting and after it had gained 30,000 shares on facebook and more than 100,000 views.

a disclaimer citing the facebook claim about the image violating the rights and responsibility statement was added to the image in accordance to normal facebook policy and reposted. within 8 hours after the reposting the image was removed by facebook once again and the sos pacs facebook account suspended.

i have experience this type of situation with facebook before as this site posts automatically on facebook through the networked blogs app.  i posted an image on this site of the painting by jon mcnaughton, "nation under socialism," showing obama holding a burning constitution.  facebook listed my site as containing malicious content for 10 days and no postings could be shown from here on facebook as a result.

the protection given obama over anything concerning the murders of americans in libya is a disgusting display of media bias to try and get him reelected. this cover up and all of the information about it including the orders coming from the white house to stand down when help was being called for during the attacks, the dismissal of two high ranking commanders in the field who were prepared to send in rapid response teams when they received the same e-mails as the white house and state department as the video of the attack was being watched in real time in the oval office as well as the lie by obama and others for two weeks that it was all because of a youtube video, all show a criminal intent on the part of the administration yet all but fox news are refusing to report this story.
it is quite obvious that this cover up and lie will not come to full light until well after the election because of the refusal of most media outlets to cover it. now with social media following suit the protection of obama over this is assured until after he is defeated next week in the election.

ken taylor

posted by the liberal lie the conservative truth | 12:14 am
       |
         19 comments
 








 
		  		










free web page hit counter

provided by website hit counters website.


