










mag hytec – differential covers & transmission pans





























































 










 















no products in cart.













 



















home
about us
purchase

differential covers
transmission pans
lubricants


why a magnet
installation
contact
 










 





 





 



 








 











 


 


opening hours


monday - friday 8:00am - 4:30pm










 


 


call us anytime


voice: 818.786.8325
fax: 818.786.0560









 


 


email us


email:info@mag-hytec.com
www.mag-hytec.com









 buy mag-hytec now 



 





 welcome to 










 



 


 


differential covers














 



 


 


transmission pans














 



 


 


lubricants





















 


 


life time limited warranty


all mag-hytec products are covered by a  lifetime limited warranty to the original owner against defects in parts and workmanship. o-rings are covered  for five years.









 


 


made and warehoused in the usa


proudly made in california









 




 










 gallerye-mail us your photo. show us your work we like to see our product in action. 




 


 

 







 

 






 










 about mag-hytecmag-hytec derived their name from the signature magnet suspended in the oil within their differential covers. 
mag-hytec heavy duty differential covers and transmission pans provide increased lubricant and cooling capacity for hard working recreation and service vehicles .  
mag-hytec covers and pans set your vehicle apart in both aesthetics and function - cast in a356-t6 aerospace quality aluminum and texture powder coated black with matching cooling fins. magnetic drain plugs trap worn gear material promoting fluid integrity. each unit is fitted with arp 568 o-rings for superior sealing.
all hardware is 303 stainless steel, in most applications no gasket or sealant is required, and all mag-hytec parts are covered by a lifetime limited warranty.
depend on mag-hytec when you're pulling a heavy load.

  why mag-hytec
heavy duty differential covers 
transmission pans 
expands oil capacity 
runs cooler 
avoid costly repairs
last longer 
extend the life of your vehicle 

 




 request information

your namesubjecte-mail addressphonevehiclechevrolet / gmcdodgefordnissanmessagesend message












 











 true factsthe facts speaks for themselves 









  




 


 


lifetime limited warranty 


all mag-hytec products are covered by a lifetime limited warranty to the original owner against defects in parts and workmanship. 
o-rings are covered for five years. 



















  




 


 


why magnet 


as the metallic components in transmission and axles wear, they generate very fine particle debris that becomes suspended in the lubricating oil. a suspended magnet acts as a filter to contain these particles, keeping the fluid cleaner ans extending components life. periodic checking and cleaning of the magnet is recommended for maximum fluid service life. 




















 some of our clientsvery happy with this upgrade to my 11 year old f350. no more putting off a lube change due to dreading the labor involved with the stock cover.
delivered to my door much faster than expected... only 2 days and it was not a prime item.

james vthis is a solid cover, built very well and looks great on the back of your truck. it took me about two hours to install this cover. i'm not a mechanic, but the install is very straight forward. if you're comfortable around basic garage tools, you can do this (check out youtube or the motorz podcasts). i think the only issue you might run into is if your truck has a rear sway bar. depending upon where the bar crosses the rear cover, it might not clear the longer mag-hytec cover.s. hall2000 ford f250 10.5. bolts right on. no problems.john mwell made, looks great and keeps the differential temperatures down when towing my trailer. added bonus is the custom look.sonoma c 




 latest news


view all 
increase capabilitiesincrease the fluid capacity and cooling capabilities of your rear differential while adding som...mag-hytec pans and coversthe primary reason i purchased this cover is because my stock differential cover didn’t h... 








 




 we're ready to assist youas axles and transmissions go through their natural wear and tear,they sluff off small metal particles that gradually accumulate in your oil. the magnet passively collects this metal debris from the oil as you drive. this maintains the integrity of the oil and keeps metal particles from interacting with other components in your vehicles. occasional magnet cleaning keeps the oil pure and your vehicle running at peak performance. browse our site and find the right one for your truck. 




 contact us 










 sign up for our newsletter
to stay up-to-date on our promotions, discounts, sales, special offers and more.

all covers are cast in aluminum with thick walls to reinforce the different housing. you can be confident the gasket flange will not bend when tightening bolts, and installation is a breeze as the o-rings do not require sealant or gaskets. 




 custom menuhome
why a magnet
purchase
contact
 




 custom menuabout us
installation
 




 company info


 


monday - friday 08:00am - 4:30pm







 


voice : 818.786.8325


fax- 818.786.0560







 


info@mag-hytec.com




social media 






top



































