










homepage - oroboros instruments



























































































































































 


 
















skip to content 







 






contact 
oroboros bioblast
request a quote
contact us
  










	privacy & cookies: this site uses cookies. by continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
to find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
		
		privacy policy	

 






oroboros instruments

mitochondria and cell research – marketplace
 




menu 
applications

o₂ consumption
normoxia-hyperoxia-hypoxia-anoxia
q-redox state
nad(p)h-redox state
h₂o₂ production
mitochondrial membrane potential
atp production
ca²⁺ concentration
ph
no concentration
photosynthesis
dark respiration


products

packages

nextgen-o2k all-in-one
nextgen-o2k redox
nextgen-o2k fluo
nextgen-o2k startup
o2k-fluo
o2k-photobiology
o2k-startup


modules

tip2k-module
sv-module
fluo smart-module
tpp ise-module
ph ise-module
no-module
q-module
nadh-module
pb-module


chemical kits

mir05-kit


accessories & tools

oxia
sample holder cv set
titration set
dissection set
iss-integrated suction system
pos service kit
microbalance
motic microscope
packing\peli case


spare parts & consumables
training

workshops
on-site training
virtual support


services

custom-made stoppers
pos-service & orobopos-connector service
extended warranty


datlab

datlab 8
datlab 7




purchase
support

installation and startup support session
videosupport
suitbrowser
download/update datlab 8


about

awards
r&d at oroboros
team
careers
un sustainable development goals


 



















explore

solutions

for






mitochondrial diseases
cancer
obesity
diabetes
aging
cardiovascular diseases
neurodegeneration
exercise physiology
environmental physiology
photobiology
algal biotechnology
 

















applications











 













 




















 






















>> combine measurements in the

oroboros







o2 consumption
q-redox state
nad(p)h redox state
oxygen dependence
hypoxia and o2 kinetics
h202 production
mt-membrane potential
atp production
ph, ca2+, no•
photosynthesis
dark respiration
light-enhanced respiration
 






products
















 




















>> bioenergetic studies in various sample types 




isolated mitochondria
tissue homogenate
permeabilized muscle fiber
permeabilized cells
living cells
chloroplasts
 






get hands-on knowledge
















 









 

































customer feedback 










						“our oroboros is first edition and we are very fond of it. it has worked beautifully all these years and we would like it to stay that way.”​					


maria stollcase western reserve university school of medicine, cleveland, usa 






						“and now we are so excited to begin using this module [o2k-fluo smart-module] in my lab!
 
i would like to thank you and the rest of the team at oroboros once again for your excellent service and getting this module for the o2k sent with such a fast turnaround. i appreciate it so much. "					


nathan n alderuniversity of connecticut, usa 






						“this workshop is great for people who want to get started with o2k as well as for people like me who are already using o2k but are not sure if they are doing everything right. i left the workshop feeling much more confident about using o2k and analyzing data from o2k. 

for me, the balance between theory and practice was just right, the location of the workshop was amazing and the team was awesome. erich, eleonora, sabine and alba, thank you so much, not only for the presentations and demonstrations, but also for being so friendly, approachable and patient with us. 

i highly recommend this workshop to anyone looking to improve their understanding and use of o2k.
” - in reference to the o2k-workshop in schroecken, at 


klemen dolinaruniversity of ljubljana, slovenia 






						the video support describing the technical aspects of operating and servicing the o2ks are a fantastic resource for users.  i have also used the troubleshooting flowchart to diagnose and self-service routine issues.  the active user forums and o2k-network serve as a rich source of protocols, shared knowledge, and information on all topics related to bioenergetics and mitochondria.					


timothy r kovesduke university medical center, usa 






						“the teachers handling the virtual on-site visit were really good. tips regarding reagents and know-how on situations one can face while carrying out mitochondrial experiments were really useful”					


ignacio heras murillospanish national centre for cardiovascular research (cnis), spain 






						our o2ks rosie and rupert returned to service today. the best kind of equipment is the reliable, robust, low maintenance kind.					


terri pietkawashington university st. louis, usa 






						it has been a pleasure to work with your oxygraph-devices during the last 13 years. extremely robust machines.					


ib therkelsen arentuniversity of copenhagen, denmark 






						i would like to thank you for your fast reply and your clear explanations. we followed your advices; improving the way we were collecting the fibers and oxygenating the medium definitely solved our problems! thank you for your excellent support!!					


olivia zanolettifederal institute of technology, switzerland 






						"the workshop was incredible. it was a good mix of presentation and hands-on experience. meeting the oroboros team was fantastic. they were helpful and open to all of our questions. it was also great meeting the other participants. all-in-all a 5 out of 5 experience in a beautiful setting!" - in reference to the o2k-workshop in schroecken, at 


mark haussmannbucknell university, usa 




 

 





















					

© 2025 oroboros instruments gmbh


 privacy policy ·  terms and conditions ·  legal notice







twitter
 



facebook
 



linkedin
 



youtube
 










 





 






subscribe to oroboros communications 











								title							


 

(none)
dr.
prof.
mr.
ms.
mx.





								first name							




								last name							




								institution							




								country							




								email							




								data protection							



by ticking this box, i agree that i have read the   privacy policy  and consent to my data being stored to receive emails relevant to oroboros products, events and research. i am aware of my right to withdraw my consent at any time by sending an email to instruments@oroboros.at.
i understand that i may unsubscribe  at any time. 



 

 



subscribe














💌 subscribe






































































































































