















richton park, il - official website | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in















 












search







 
 
 


    government      departments      residents      business      community  


 

 

 

 

 






 














community is what connects us


it is richton park's priority to provide vibrant, effective, high-quality services that foster safety, quality of life, and economic vitality throughout our community.


read more
 






  
 
 












 














facebook








instagram








youtube








nextdoor








likedin








visit chicago southland










 
 
 




 














notify me®








pay online










 
 














job opportunities








parks & recreation










 
 














meetings & agendas








submit request










 
 
 


























 














2024 town center planthe new town center plan is now available to view and download! 








views magazinecheck out richton park's "views" magazine.










 
 













transparency portalview richton park's budget data and cycle management.








richton park home rulehome rule gives the ability to establish & implement policies to address significant, local needs and concerns .










 
 



  
 








 
 






richton park spirit of community







richton park, il is a wonderful place to start a family, open a business, entertain, and create a quality of life that's fulfilling and satisfying. the opportunities are endless, and we are aggressively growing to match those opportunities and goals. richton park is a place that you can call "your home."
 






  
 
 



 












   



   



   





   



   



   





   



   



   





   



   



   





   



   



   










  
 
 














featured events & announcements


see what events are happening in your village.
 






  
 
 















mobile driver services event | mar 7 


along with the illinois secretary of state, we're hosting a free mobile event to give motorists a safe and convenient way to renew their driver's lice...			follow richton park on facebook







mother son date night | mar 15 


we're hosting an amazingly memorable date night of roller skating with you and your little man. there will be special giveaways as well! roll with us ...			follow richton park on facebook







president's scholarship golf outing | jun 13 


the village and friends of richton park foundation are excited this year's president's scholarship golf outing 2024 friday, june 13th! this year's eve...						read on...







stay connected! subscribe! 


via "notify me" to receive updates and information about community news and happenings, directly to your phone. subscribe here!						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 














engaging spotlight & news


check out featured news stories and village spotlights.
 






  
 
 













friends of richton park scholarship application now available 

the friends of richton park foundation has launched their 2025 scholarship application! any richton ...		download application here







exelon foundation's two "stem" academies 

the exelon foundation is taking teen applicants for their two free "stem" academies in jun...				read on...







save money & energy at home! 

comed, nicor gas, peoples gas and north shore gas have partnered with metropolitan mayors caucus to ...				read on...







education advocates, critics, and elected leaders amazed by achievements of rths 

dr. johnnie thomas, superintendent of rich township high school district 227, and members of the sch...				read on...







teen ambassadors steer discussions on safe driving 

safelight foundation’s teen ambassadors hosted a series of town hall meetings with their peers at so...				read on...






view all spotlights




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 



  
 





 events
 calendar




 events











feb
18	


[special] village board meeting | followed by work session

[special] village board meeting | followed by work sessionread on






feb
19	


veterans commission meeting

veterans commission meetingread on






feb
20	


senior citizen advisory committee meeting

senior citizen advisory committee meetingread on






feb
21	


black history speaker series: artifacts from the motherland w/ joe gillie

black history speaker series: artifacts from the motherland w/ joe gillieread on






feb
24	


village board meeting | followed by work session

village board meeting | followed by work sessionread on






feb
25	


planning & zoning commission meeting

planning & zoning commission meetingread on






feb
27	


human relations commission meeting

human relations commission meetingread on




view all events




/calendar.aspx





 calendar











february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1












tue, feb. 18  

[special] village board meeting | followed by work session

[special] village board meeting | followed by work sessionread on


wed, feb. 19  

veterans commission meeting

veterans commission meetingread on






thu, feb. 20  

senior citizen advisory committee meeting

senior citizen advisory committee meetingread on


fri, feb. 21  

black history speaker series: artifacts from the motherland w/ joe gillie

black history speaker series: artifacts from the motherland w/ joe gillieread on





view all events




/calendar.aspx







 
 
 



 








 
 
 



 















 






  
 
 

 







contact us







village of richton park4455 sauk trailrichton park, il 60471phone: 708-481-8950contact us
 






  
 







mission







the village of richton park endeavors to improve the quality of life through ethical leadership, fiscal responsibility, inclusiveness, effective communication, and economic prosperity that yields a sustainable and vibrant community.
 






  
 



  
 







vision







the village of richton park strives to be a premier community in the southern suburbs. it is committed to providing a safe, resident and business-friendly environment, with high quality services, excellent schools, and a responsive government that makes richton park the place where people want to live, work and play.
 






  
 







quick links







home



site map



privacy policy









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close




















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









