










home - mountain showcase group





























































menuhomeabout usproductsportfoliocontacts

mountain showcase group, inc
211 sugarloaf rd
hendersonville, nc 28792


phone: (828) 692-9494
toll free: (877) 692-9494
fax: (828) 692-5470

info@mountainshowcase.com

our designers are available monday – friday from 9am – 5pm


send us a message












name
        *




phone
        




email
        *




subject
        *




message
        *













 close 



search




search






mountain showcase group
 (828) 692-9494
















 


 


 































our cabinetry is handcrafted one piece at a time to fit your specific needs. our product is truly custom and unlike large manufacturing plants we do not limit your choices of size, finish, design, or the style of your cabinetry.











































servicewe pride ourselves on customer service and will be there to work with and guide you through the process from beginning to end.
 















qualityquality is foundational to our brand and we work hard to make sure everything we build meets the strictest standards of quality.
 















craftsmanshipfrom the big-picture to the little details, you will find a level of craftsmanship in our products like none other. 
 




























what customers are saying...

































thank you for supplying us with a great product and great customer service. it has been a pleasure working with you and we look forward to working you on many more. and thank you for your attention to detail! 

just a note of thanks for all your expert help in the planning and remodeling of our kitchen. everything turned out as we had hoped and even exceeded our expectations. the cabinets are beautiful and the kitchen really "works" now. given the opportunity we will recommend mountain showcase to anyone considering such a project. 

thank you for being a part of the completion of "the fairview" home in southcliff. your professionalism is highly noticed and the work of mountain showcase is excellent. we enjoy working with you and look forward to the next one.  





































copyright © 2025 - mountain showcase group, inc.























