
























 





















 









 
 
 
 

founded in 1993 by rikers island catholic prison
             chaplains in response to the high recidivism rate and lack of effective
             rehabilitative services they witnessed in new york city jails; abraham house
             began as an innovative alternative to incarceration program for those convicted
             of nonviolent crimes.
abraham house is a grassroots organization that
             offers holistic programs and services for those involved in the criminal
             justice system, and for youth and families affected by incarceration and other
             social factors such as poverty, violence, truancy, and a lack of quality
             education. abraham house is a 501(c) 3 not-for-profit organization located in
             the mott haven section of the south bronx. 
the organization’s mission is to break the cycle
             of incarceration by offering the incarcerated and their relatives, as well as
             families and children living on the margins of our society, a place of hope
             and community where lives can be rebuilt, families mended, lessons learned
             and where men, women, and children receive the necessary and practical tools to
             become productive citizens.
abraham house accomplishes its mission through
             three core programs: an after school program (asp), an alternative to
             incarceration program (ati); and family and pastoral center (fpc).
the alternative to incarceration program (ati) is a core component in
             abraham house’s mission to break the intergenerational cycle of poverty and
             crime. the ati program works primarily with criminal justice involved
             nonviolent adults as well as with the re-entry population returning back to the
             community from prison.
the positve youth development program (pyd) enhances and support youth educational and social development and achievement and help to combat the dismal statistics faced by the youth of this struggling bronx community. at a minimum, we provide a safe space conducive to learning and achieving positive outcomes.
the family and pastoral center (fpc) serves as a place of community and strength, where
             families affected by incarceration, immigration issues, and other social
             factors, can find hope, solace, friendship, and support. the program provides
             case management, counseling, advocacy, food pantry, religious services, and
             referrals to essential services – to help families deal with crises and ongoing
             challenges.
          

 





 

 




latest news



 ______________________________
 
sorrowfully we must share the sad news of fr. peter raphaels passing on friday october 19, 2018.
announcement from althea brooks, executive director.jpg
 
newsletter 2021
 
annual appeal-2015

 
annual appeal-2014

 
 
our 20th anniversary celebration update
 







what we do



» alternative to incarceration
» positive youth development
» strengthen families &      community
» partnerships and resources




 














 




















         home        history     history and mission  staff and board  supporters  catholic charities            how you can help    support programs  donate items  volunteer  car donations            news        contact us        what we do    alternative to incarceration  positive youth development  ati- story  family and pastoral center            donate now      
















 









 












web design powered by charityadvantage.






