



italian american museum





































a new home                                                                                                                                                                                                                            


news
















exhibitions
our story


our future


support


membership
naming
subscribe
donate
 




< back 


member login
 cart: 0



151 mulberry street
new york city
museum hours:
thursday - saturday
12:00 - 5:00 pm













a new home                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
in the heart of little italy













































 the new italian american museum (iam) will serve as a cultural hub and community nexus for italian americans and the little italy neighborhood. through permanent and temporary exhibits, robust educational and cultural programming, and collaborations with the community, the iam will become the preeminent center for learning about and engaging with italian as a platform for sharing italian american voices and celebrating italian american achievements, the iam will be interesting to both italian americans and non-italian americans, bringing italian american culture and heritage to younger generations and a wide range of new audiences.
the italian american museum preserves, promotes, and celebrates the culture and history of italian americans, serving as living record of their contributions to america and a bridge between the remarkable past and the evolving future of the community.
by allowing italian americans to share their story in their voice, the italian american museum will encourage a full appreciation of what it means to be italian american.






news
progress photos




















































































































































































































































 museum hours
 
monday: no public hours
tuesday: no public hours
wednesday: by appointment only
thursday: 12:00 – 5:00 pm
friday: 12:00 – 5:00 pm
saturday: 12:00 – 5:00 pm
sunday: by appointment only






 





 featured exhibits






 





 sicilian theater in little italy:
the return of the manteo puppets


































 





 verrazzano’s voyage to america:
the quincentennial year


































 





 goodnight, maria
a tribute to all the women who worked tirelessly in the
garment industry to live the american dream







life-sized sculpture of 95 year old maria pulsone who was a “master seamstress” in the garment district. the plaster statue of her was placed in the lobby of the saint laurie suit company where she worked. each night as the women left the building they would pass by her and say “good night, maria”.





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 events






 





 italian emigration between the 19th and 20th centuries
the carovilli case
power point presentation by
italian historian
pina mafodda
q&a to follow
thursday, december 26th, 6:00 pm
click here for tickets








 book published by volturnia edizioni





 italian historian pina mafodda has done extensive research on italian emigration to america between the end of the 19th century and the middle of the 20th century. her book is a collection of several interviews conducted with third and fourth generation descendants who have preserved documents and letters from their ancestors. the descendants have also preserved the memory of their stories passed down orally from parents to children.
her power point presentation will combine reliable data with intimate family stories to provide a unique analysis of the italian emigration to america between the 19th and 20th centuries. a question and answer session will follow the presentation.
thursday, december 26th, 6:00 pm
suggested donation of $15 per person
italian american museum
151 mulberry street
new york, ny 10013
click here for tickets






 





 





 





 





 





 annual appeal 2024
dear friends:
we are pleased to announce that on october 1, 2024 at the beginning of italian american heritage and culture month we cut the ribbon opening our new facility for the italian american museum.
 







october 1, 2024 / ribbon cutting ceremony - pictured (left to right): hon. mark levine, manhattan borough president; hon. thomas dinapoli, new york state comptroller; hon. jerrold nadler, united states congressman; hon. fabrizio di michele, consul general of italy in ny; dr. joseph v. scelsa, founder and president, italian american museum; hon. kathleen hochul, governor of the state of new york; hon. joseph addabbo, jr., new york state senator; hon. michael benedetto, new york state assemblyman; hon. thomas suozzi, united states congressman





 
currently we have on display 32 manteo puppets, made by agrippino manteo on mulberry street one hundred years ago.  in addition we have a tribute to giovanni da verrazzano, the first european to sail into new york harbor in 1524, 500 years ago.  this exhibit was given to us by the verrazzano institute in chianti, italy.  we also have the statue of maria pulsone, a seamstress in the nyc garment district, a tribute to all who toiled in that industry.
in the spring, we will open our permanent exhibition, the italian american experience, which will document the struggles and achievements of our people from before the birth of our nation up to the present day.
it will have five interactive exhibits and thousands of artifacts.
of course, all this is not possible without your support so we ask you now  at this time of our annual appeal to be as generous as possible.
wishing you a happy and healthy holiday season.
sincerely,
uff. prof. joseph v. scelsa, ed.d.







 





 





 





 





 





 





exhibitions
the new italian american museum: architectural renderings and model for the forthcoming newly designed museum.






our story
from columbus to cuomo






from our beginnings in little italy





 the iam is located on mulberry street in the heart of what was once the largest italian community in the united states in the first quarter of the 20th century.
we became aware of the need for our own museum in 1999, with the launch of the first major exhibition on italians in america at the new york historical society, “the italians of new york: five centuries of struggle and achievement”. the exhibit was a great success and we realized that in order to be part of the cultural dialogue in america, we needed our own museum. so in 2001, we were chartered in new york state as the first italian museum in america. in our museum, we seek to tell our whole story from columbus to cuomo and everything in between, our struggles and our accomplishments through hard work, ingenuity and perseverance. it has not always been easy but we have much to be proud of, for our contributions to american society are enormous. now we will have a secular cathedral for all to see, experience and appreciate where we came from and what we have achieved.
dr. joseph v. scelsa
founder and president
italian american museum






our future
invest in the italian american museum







 click on the image above to view vision book for the new italian american museum






























support
saying thank you the right way is a priority






remembering our past by supporting our future





 support the italian american museum and choose to make a difference by sustaining a rich visual arts and cultural heritage for future generations. donors impact the museum in different ways either through immediate or planned gifts. the italian american museum is grateful for all levels of support — big or small. the future holds many opportunities for the italian american museum to provide enhanced programming, increased access, deeper understanding and broader community engagement. through our ongoing commitment to create new experiences that challenge and inspire, we are pleased to offer a variety of ways donors and members can be involved.
donors to the italian american museum are more than just supporters. they are a community of believers in the power of art and cultural heritage to help interpret and shape the world. while there are many ways to say thank you to such visionaries, the most meaningful is often a reflection of the donors themselves. that’s why the italian american museum’s gift recognition is highly personalized and tailored to the individual wishes of donors.






membership

members receive a 10% discount on all in-house italian american museum events.

individual membership $100
family membership $150
senior membership $50







naming
click here for more information on
naming opportunities






subscribe
send your contact information and email to
info@italianamericanmuseum.org to receive
museum news and announcements.












italian american museum
151 mulberry street
new york, ny 10013
italianamericanmuseum.org
info@italianamericanmuseum.org
+1 (212) 965-9000
 




