





























home - gelatiamo







































 






			online ordering now available
		













toggle navigation






    



blog
about 

about gelatiamo
where to find us
press & media
join our team


gelato products
bakery 

our bakery
pastry cakes
pastries & cookies
maria’s panettone


catering
wholesale
contact
order online
 


















now open tuesday – sunday
come visit us







vegan cakes available
contact us for more information







order a pastry or gelato cake for a special occasion. or choose one from our in store selection.
order today







small batch recipes. made fresh each day.
learn more





















passion. tradition. perfection. gelatiamo is the art of perfect gelato, with recipes skillfully developed by founder maria coassin and made in the authentic italian tradition. our gelato is crafted daily in small batches, with thoughtfully-selected ingredients like organic milk and seasonal fruits. in the ambiance of our downtown seattle cafe, experience gelato, sorbet, pastries and desserts made with more than 200 years of italian tradition. 








 

cakes available for pickup


          we offer a wide variety of unique and traditional pastry cakes perfect for …
        

                    learn more                     >
        



 

interested in carrying our products?


          inquire about wholesale! we have local, high quality and unique products your customers …
        

                    learn more                     >
        



 

our gelato cakes are edible art


          a perfect combination of gelato and traditional pastry, our beautifully-decorated gelato cakes are …
        

                    learn more                     >
        



















































“this place was so so so so soooo good. i absolutely love sweets, especially ice cream/froyo/gelato and this place got it hands down. nailed it. ”

esther s, austin, tx | 


































“best gelato i've ever had! so smooth and thick. flavors were incredible and didn't have any artificial taste. i got the pistachio, chocolate, and sweet cream and each one was delicious! not overly sweet. perfect smooth texture. ”

cody c, renton wa | 


































“a must try place near pike's place in seattle. their gelato is creamy, delicious, fluffy, light and just downright amazing. if you like gelato definitely stop here if you're ever in seattle.”

sudipto g, portland or | 


































“i checked this place out while i was in town on business. i am strongly considering moving to seattle because of it. (only a half lie.) this place is perfect. ... forget anything you know about gelato from those pints at the grocery store - this is what gelato should be.”

aaron h, madison, wi | 


































“this little corner shop sports some of the best gelato we've ever tasted!   my favorite is a sugar cone with a scoop of crème brulee and a scoop of blackberry sorbet.  one almost feels transported back to europe as this place really has the ambiance of a small italian café!”

mary a., boise, id | 


































“this place has mastered true italian gelato flavors. and trust me as i was born and raised in italy. great customer service. try to choose some less-known mainstream flavors and gear towards their more italian flavors. you won't regret it. ”

fabrizio d., seattle, wa | 


































“oh my gosh everything was so delicious you can't help but go to your happy place and start swinging your legs. i had the rice and hazelnut and the only negative thing i have to say about my experience, is how sad i felt when i finished my cone.”

azzabeal s, bellevue, wa | 


































“i give five stars for excellent customer service and delicious gelato! it's so creamy as gelato should be. they've a wide variety of flavors available. they offer loads of other delectable desserts, too.”

savannah c, saint paul, mn | 





view reviews on yelp








location and hours
1400 third ave
seattle, wa 98101
view map
206.467.9563
now open tuesday – thursday 11 to 7pm
friday 11 to 8pm
saturday 11 to 8pm
sunday 11 to 7pm
all of our most popular pastries and cakes are available. gelato pints as well. please call 48 hours ahead for specialty cakes.


sign up for our newsletter









email address

 
preferred format


html
text









 
    




gelatiamo © 2025, all rights reserved












