


tumblebooks - read watch learn!




























tumblebooklibrary





tumblebooklibrary is a curated database of children’s e-books, available by subscription to elementary schools and public libraries around the world.

tumblebooklibrary premium has over 1100 titles for grades k-6, and includes our unique animated, talking picture books, read-along chapter books, non fiction books and videos, curated playlists, as well as books in spanish and french. plus, the collection features graphic novels – a student favorite!

subscriptions are affordable and easy to use, and include tools to simplify your kids’ access from home as well as from your building. there are no check-out times or wait lists: the books are always available, to everyone in your institution!

it’s a great resource for tech-savvy kids, and teaches them the joy of reading in a format they’ll love.


 





teenbookcloud





teenbookcloud is a curated database of e-books and other digital content for middle schools and high schools, as well as public libraries.

			  the growing collection features over 1000 titles, including student-favorite graphic novels, enhanced e-books with full audio narration and highlighted text, classic literature, non fiction videos, and more!
the site supports a wide range of readers’ interests and levels. we’ve partnered with orca books and saddleback books to bring you hundreds of high-interest/low-level content. in addition, our new ap english section makes hundreds of curriculum books available to readers at the click of a button!
subscriptions are affordable and easy to use, and include tools to simplify your students’ access from home as well as from your building. there are no check-out times or wait lists: the books are always available, to everyone in your institution!


 






tumblemath





educators have long known that one of the most effective ways to teach math concepts, especially to reluctant learners, is by using stories and literature. 
tumblemath has the most comprehensive collection of math stories available anywhere- all in our world famous tumblebook format which combines animation, narration, and sound to create a compelling and enticing story book for students of all ages.
the books are all accompanied by supplementary materials such as lesson plans, educational games, plus quizzes in order to test and track progress. 
tumblemath is your one stop destination for engaging and entertaining math stories.



 





audiobookcloud





audiobookcloud is a curated database of streaming audio books and is available by subscription to public libraries around the world.
the growing collection features over 1200 titles, including dozens of genres and interest levels. the collection includes popular literature, classics, children’s and teen books, mystery, sci-fi, history, biography, and more!
the audio books are always available to subscribing libraries and their patrons. there are no special programs to install, or files to download. the site’s also completely mobile compatible, and the audio books can be streamed directly to whichever device you wish to use.
subscriptions are affordable and easy to use, and include tools to simplify your patrons’ access from home as well as from your building. there are no check-out times or wait lists: the books are always available, to everyone in your library!


 






