




your one-stop source for all things music | music outfitters







































 
  


 top 100 songs
 top 100 country songs 
 independent artists
 curated music resources
 music dictionary 
 royalty free music 
 contact us 









your one-stop source for all things music
your one-stop source for curated music information and resources you may find useful, including royalty-free music, music resources for teachers, music resources for parents, church music resources, native american music resources, musician resources, a music dictionary, and so much more.
originally a music store that opened in ely, mn in 1998, music outfitters later expanded with an online store in 2001. the store started by offering basic musical instruments, top-selling cds. they quickly expanded into specializing in independent music from independent bands and independent musicians, starting with the ely, mn area, then expanding to artists across the world. by 2008, they were selling putumayo world music, hohner harmonicas, sageman drums, music accessories (blacklights, strobe lights, fog machines, bubble machines, haze machines, snow machines, and effects lighting). they were also giving music lessons, renting band instruments, holding drum circles, and supporting the ely area concert association.
for 6 1/2 years, music outfitters exclusively sponsored the radio show "off the beaten track". airing wednesday nights from 7 pm to 9 pm on local radio station wely and their audio stream, the show played and promoted the best in independent music, and was hosted by author, computer consultant, and friend of the owners vince o'connor. it was also at this time that they began building the online music resources section of the website.
in june of 2018, both the brick and mortar and online store closed. but the website morphed into a site dedicated to being a curated one-stop source for music information and and resources for visitors across the web.





independent artists
new! a compendium of artists who have never been signed to a major record label or have own released music on their own record label. we believe the best music available is often ignored by the major record labels, so we fully support those independent musicians who believe in themselves and their music. last updated: 2/23/2024






musicians and hearing loss resources
new! resources for musicians and bands to inform them about the risks of hearing loss and help them protect their hearing. last updated: 10/20/2023






independent musician and artist resources
new! independent musician and artist resources for singers, musicians, and bands that are unsigned or aren’t signed with a major labels. independent artists have to wear many different hats, so here are some helpful resources to help lessen the load and advance your career. last updated: 10/20/2023






artificial intelligence (ai) and music
will artificial intelligence replace singers? songwriters? musicians? other music industry professionals? or will it expand creativity and freedom for those in the music industry? here you'll find resouces to navigate this new music landscape. last updated: 5/19/2023






best royalty free music sites
music sites that provide music you can use without having to pay royalties without risking being sued, having your content removed, or having your social media account terminated. includes public domain and creative commons works. last updated: 4/11/2024






hymn resources and liturgical music resources
free and low-cost resources for hymns and other liturgical music. includes denominational and nondenominational hymns and other liturgical music. last updated: 4/6/2023






top 100 songs / top 100 hits
top 100 songs / top 100 hits based on billboard hot 100. also see our top 100 best halloween songs, top 100 best christmas songs, top christian christmas songs and hymns, top 100 best funny christmas songs, top 100 best valentine's day songs, and top 100 best wedding songs playlist. last updated: 3/15/2024






top 100 country songs / top 100 country hits
top 100 country songs / top 100 country hits based on billboard hot 100. last updated: 3/15/2024






music databases
databases relating to nearly every aspect of music, including musicology, music theory, performance and education, music bibliographies, and more. last updated: 3/15/2024






musician resources
a wide variety of musician resources including musician health resources, musician employment resources, music promotion, music publishers worldwide, music organizations, musicians and hearing loss resources, and songwriting resources. last updated: 7/21/2023






native american music resources
various sites across the internet that focus on native american music. last updated: 9/23/2023






music educator resources / music teacher resources
selected websites that music teachers and music educators might find helpful for augmenting lesson materials, including lesson plans, activities, worksheets, and more. last updated: 7/21/2023






music resources for the blind and visually impared
music resources for people who are blind or have other visual impairments. last updated: 12/15/2023






black and african american music resources
black and african american music resources across the internet that focus on music that is used, created, or performed by black and african americans. last updated: 9/28/2023






online music dictionary
dictionary of musical terms from a to z. last updated: 11/21/2023






music libraries
music libraries with a presence on the internet. last updated: 5/6/2023




















disclaimer: much of the information available is external to our website. music outfitters has included these sites because we believe they provide information and/or services that you may find useful. however, since these sites are not under our control, we cannot attest to the accuracy of information provided by them. linking to these websites does not constitute an endorsement by music outfitters or any of its employees.
privacy policy | terms and conditions





top







