





























vegas country casino - casino rewards member casino











english



english
deutsch
español
suomi
français
slovenčina








toggle navigation










loyalty program
member casinos
casino games
jackpots

winners

millionaires' club
winners' stories
recent winners
toyl stories


millionaires' club
winners' stories
recent winners
toyl stories
vip
faq









get up to
$245 free






click hereto play

vegas country casino - a member of casino rewards
get a taste of the vegas high life here at vegas country casino, another established member of the casino rewards group. being part of this elite group means that vegas country casino can provide you with the latest selection and widest range of slots; table and card games to cater for all ranges of players, and more video poker games than you could imagine!
becoming a player at vegas country casino will give you access to our friendly customer service team, easy to use software, faster payouts and even more rewards for your loyalty!
new players at vegas country casino receive a $245 welcome bonus!
so come and claim your welcome bonus now! simply make your first deposit, and vegas country casino will match it with a 100% bonus up to $100. then maximise your betting dollar by claiming your second deposit bonus of a 50% match, up to $145. it's really that simple, and you'll be spoilt for choice with such a large range of games to choose from.
jump in the online action with vegas country casino
experience the fun and excitement of over 1000 realistic online casino games, including online blackjack, roulette, video poker and slots. find your favourite game in our enormous catalogue of classics including mega progressive games, all powered by the cutting-edge microgaming software.
you will also receive numerous promotions, bonuses and exclusive perks as a member of the casino rewards loyalty program. so don't delay, start playing today! your rewards are just around the corner.

casino play at vegas country casino is available only to persons older than 19 years of age, or the legal age of majority in their jurisdiction, whichever is the greater. minors may not play at this online casino under any circumstances. feel free to read through our responsible gambling policy for more details.
fair play need never be a concern for our players, as vegas country casino is independently reviewed with the results published on this website. you can review our fair play policy at any time. percentage payouts are reviewed by independent auditors.
to read full terms and conditions for vegas country casino click here.




click hereto play







need help logging in?

email: support@crhelpdesk.com

have a casino related question?
click here to read our faq.











contact us
privacy policy
responsible gambling
affiliates click here
marketing deals








19





gmt: 22:06:26 mon, 17-feb-2025





affiliate id: typein_cr:en_casinos_vegas-country-casino:














