












astrology for career, business and wealth | futurescopes.com












      skip to main content
    




























menu








search




search






main navigation


 astrology for business, finance and entrepreneurs



 astrology for career



 contact us



 home

















search




search








user account menu


log in





















astrology for career, business and wealth














consult professional astrologer vikkramm chandirramani, who has made hundreds of accurate predictions about hollywood and bollywood celebrities and world events, all documented and timestamped on twitter. click here to read his predictions and see the tweets on twitter.phone/whatsapp (india): 9967461071phone (usa): (718) 717-8099






 








here are some of the most stunningly accurate predictions made by vikkramm chandirramani. you'll also find links to twitter screenshots. below the screenshots are links to the original tweets which you can view if you have a twitter account.bill ackman - made $2.7 billion hedging interest rate derivativesbill ackman is a genius hedge fund manager, a billionaire, who turned $27 million into $2.7 billion during the pandemic when stock markets throughout the world crashed. he is a visionary and has often been spoken of in the same breath as the legendary warren buffett. i predicted that bill ackman would once again stun the world in a similar manner and he did exactly that. bill ackman made $2.7 billion again in 2023 by hedging interest-rate hikes.shahrukh khan - the comeback of one of india's biggest film stars of all timeshahrukh khan is one of the biggest indian films stars of all time. in 2022, he was being written off by some in the mainstream media as being past his prime because many of his films had flopped at the box office. he had taken a break from acting since 2018. in may 2022 i said the next three months would be magical for him and indicated the start of a new phase. shahrukh khan stunned the world with a glorious comeback in 2023 with three consecutive blockbuster films -'pathan', 'jawan' and 'dunki' collecting $323 million in one year at the box office.  boris becker - release from prison and comebackin april 2022, former world no 1 tennis player boris becker was found guilty of hiding assets to avoid paying debts and sentenced to two and a half years in prison by the southwork crown court in london. a prison sentence for the legendary tennis player to prison for a non violent financial crime of this nature came as a shock to his admirers. i predicted that boris becker would released by december 2022 and would subsequently rise like the proverbial phoenix! on december 15, 2022, boris becker was released from uk prison and left for germany on a private plan. within less than a year he made a comeback as a tennis coach.charlie sheen - the comeback which he described as 'surreal' and 'a miracle'.charlie sheen, one of hollywood's most charismatic actors was once television's highest paid stars, getting paid $1.8 million for each episode of the sitcom 'two and half men' which was watched by millions worldwide. he however fell out with chuck lorre, the creator of 'two and a half men' and lost the tv series. by 2022 he was believed to be in a financially tight position and with little work. in october 2022, i predicted that a new favorable phase had begun for the super talented charlie sheen. he would grow professionally from january 2023 and a major breakthrough was likely in march 2023. on april 20, 2023, it was reported than charlie sheen and chuck lorre had reconciled and were working on a new comedy series 'how to be a bookie'. this premiered in december 2023 to fabulous reviews and charlie sheen is once again a coveted actor today. charlie sheen described his own comeback as 'surreal' and a 'miracle'.sunny deol - the comeback of the bollywood iconsunny deol is one of india's most enigmatic film stars. he has been part of some of the biggest hindi films and delivered powerful performances. yet by early 2023, many people were not taking him seriously because he had featured in a string of flops. sunny deol is known to be a straight shooter, choosing not to manipulate his image in the media. in march 2023, i predicted that his film 'gadar 2' would be box office success, august 2023 would be a turning point and 2023 would be the year of sunny deol's comeback. this was before the poster/teaser/trailer of the film had released. 'gadar 2' was a gigantic blockbuster, earning over rs.500 crores at the box office ( about $60 million). this is more than the box office collections of all his films released over the last twenty years put together. sunny deol has now reclaimed his position as one of india's biggest stars and has every major filmmaker chasing him.elon musk - reclaimed the title of the wealthiest man on the planetelon musk is one of the greatest visionaries in contemporary times. elon musk's brilliance has led to innovation in several industries including space travel and electric vehicles. elon musk, with tesla has alone done more for the environment than most other companies.  on january 1, 2023, many in the mainstream media were mocking elon musk for the sharp fall in the price of tesla stock. his wealth had dipped by $200 billion. many said he would never regain the mantle of being the world's wealthiest person. on january 1, 2023 i wrote that by the time the year ends elon musk will be wealthier and more powerful than he is today. many who are running him down will see him for the visionary he is. ny february tesla stock had rebounded and elon musk was once again the wealthiest person on the planet.jodie foster - signed her first tv project in 50 yearsin april 2022, i predicted that jodie foster was entering a new phase astrologically and said june, july 2022 would be exciting for her career. in may 2022, jodie foster landed her first regular tv part in almost 50 years.ben affleck  - bought a house after a two year searchhollywood actors ben affleck and jennifer lopez had been looking for a house for nearly two years when, in april 2023 i predicted that they would buy a house in june 2023. on june 1, 2023 it was announced that they had bought a $60 million mansion.m s dhoni  - came back to captain the chennai super kings ipl teamon april  22, 2022 i predicted that m s dhoni will have a major favorable career development in may 2022 which would bring him money and glory. on april 30, 2022, ravindra jadeja stepped down as csk captain and m s dhoni took charge as the captain of the team.j k rowling - $1 billion in saleson december 19, 2022, i predicted that 2023 would be a fabulous year for the career and finances of harry potter author j k rowling. she would go from strength to strength. 'hogwarts legacy' based on harry potter was released on february 2023 and by may 2023 it had amassed over $1 billion in sales.cory booker - assumed chairmanship of a subcommitteeon january 20, 2023, i predicted that february 2023 would be a favorable month for cory booker,  us senator from nj. on march 2, 2023 it was announced that cory booker was to assume chairmanship of the us senate subcommittee on africa and global health policy for the 118th congress.shashi tharoor - inducted as new member of congress working committeein december 2022, i predicted that 2023 would be a turning point for shashi tharoor, indian parliamentarian and author. a new phase had begun and january to april 2023 would bring much awaited breakthroughs. in august 2023, shashi tharoor was inducted as a new member of the congress working committee and it was revealed that the decision was taken in february 2023.new zealand prime minister - resignationon january 10, 2023, i predicted that february 2023 would see a leadership change in a major western country. on february 7 2023, new zealand prime minister jacinda ardern quit citing burnout. in the original tweet i did not name new zealand specifically given the sensitive nature of the prediction. 











    your browser does not support iframes, but you can visit 









   
view tweetread all my astrological predictions about bill ackman


  
view tweetread all my astrological predictions about elon musk


  
view tweetread all my astrological predictions about jodie foster


  
view tweetread all my astrological predictions about ben affleck


  
view tweetread all my astrological predictions about cory booker




previous
next































privacy | disclaimer | terms of service | returns and cancellation | about us | contact uscopyright 2002-2025, all rights reserved,quest mercury intermedia private limited 
















