







treatment of fire ants & other pests, servicing se qld | termicide

































































skip to content














book an appointment










pay my account















 
freephone 1800 pestie




















 









home
about
our products
our services
news
contact
 

 menu


home
about
our products
our services
news
contact
 












 
call 07 5563 3003





























pests? no problem. 	 



effective and professional termiteand general pest management 
















termicide pest control is the 

expert in the field 

for over 20 years





termicide has been providing the highest quality products and services to builders, homeowners and tenants for over 20 years. servicing areas from northern rivers nsw, the gold coast, brisbane, sunshine coast, ipswich, south east queensland to mackay - no matter what termite or pest issue you are experiencing, we have the solution for you. 

















 





termicide annual warranty program 



termicide’s comprehensive annual warranty program offers full peace of mind for our customers that their termicide termite management system is working for them. 






learn more













 





residential & commercial pest management 



no matter what type of pest issue you are experiencing, our trained and experienced pest management technicians will be able to find the best solution for you. 






learn more













 





pre-purchase inspections 



whether you are in the market for a new home, or looking to sell your current one –  the team at termicide can give you the peace of mind you need with our pre-purchase pest inspections. 






learn more













 





termite inspection & treatment 



termicide offers full termite inspection and treatment services, including a variety of  termite management system solutions to suit your needs for both pre and post construction work. 






learn more























termicide is your pest management expert, servicing from northern nsw to mackay, including brisbane city and greater brisbane, darling downs, gold and sunshine coasts. 



termicide has been providing the highest quality products and services to builders, homeowners and tenants for over 20 years. no matter what termite or pest issue you are experiencing, we have the solution for you. 






read more











 















call  1800 pestie now to schedule in your service! 











































client testimonials 










						termicide came and disinfected our house today while they completed our annual inspection.  
great to see the team at termicide giving 100% to help out.					


adellepimpana 






						termicide’s ‘no quibble policy’ 
has made termite protection for our homes quick and easy.  
their professionalism in all areas is hard to beat. 					


steve bignillchoice home (qld) pty ltd 






						termicide’s high quality products 
and service have provided us and our customers with peace of mind. 
their reliability and knowledge 
of termite barriers is second to none.					


neil sherringsherring construction pty ltd 






						i am very happy. the technician, you sent to my property to do the timber inspection and pest spray was very thorough and was interested to know if i had concerns regarding the matter
					


pacitamudgeeraba 






						we highly recommend termicide to any building company that requires a complete termite management system. 
their prompt and friendly service makes them a stand out in the industry.					


sean davisorbit homes 






						termicide did a fantastic job on our premises. 
they were professional, efficient and easy to deal with!					


helen and keith hope island 






						i'm so glad that our builder chose termicide for our home's termite barrier. we couldn't be happier with their service.					


sharni & mattjacobs well 





 previous


 next


















book an appointment










pay my account 















copyright 2025 © termicide 




























