







home - bogle family vineyards







































































menu button


shop



 wines



all wines
red
white
rosé
sparkling
winery exclusives


 visit



visit us
events & adventures
private events


 family values



bogle family
family recipes
winemaking
vineyards
sustainability


 wine club


 contact






address:
                                            37783 county rd 144
clarksburg, ca 95612                                        

phone:
                                            (916) 744-1139                                        






account





store locator
































we've been around for over 50 years.
how about you?
by clicking enter here you affirm that you are of legal drinking age and that you agree to allow us to use cookies and collect information about you as described in our privacy policy.

view privacy policy
enter without tracking

enter here







family. farm. wine.
as sixth generation farmers and third generation winemakers, our family takes great pride in making wines of exceptional character and quality.









our home ranch
come experience all that our tasting room in clarksburg has to offer! our family looks forward to sharing our wines, our story and our passion with you. 
visit us



















                  play video
               



meet the bogle family
family owned
in 1968, our grandfather planted the area’s first wine grapes. more than fifty years later, we are proud to continue the bogle commitment to quality and to bring consistently high-quality wines to our customers, vintage after vintage.
our story






















sustainably grown
we are farmers first and foremost, so we know the importance of being sustainable. we also know that wine is only as good as the grapes that go into it, so we work with many long-term grower partners in premier growing regions across california and pay them bonuses for delivering fruit that is not only high-quality but also certified under the california rules for sustainable winegrowing.
explore our vineyards




















                  play video
               



the land, the water – that’s a farmer’s livelihood. 
with the future in mind, we proactively look for new initiatives to ensure that we are preserving the land for generations to come.
learn more about sustainability











 











quality for generations
 learn more about winemaking






                            play video
                        








                                        our commitment to quality                                    



our winemakers use artisanal techniques that are replicated in very few wineries of our size. from hand stirring our chardonnay to aging our red wines in small oak barrels, we know this approach helps each wine reach its full potential.






                                        our vineyards                                    



our family sources grapes from some of the best vineyards across the state. these grapes complement those from our estate vineyards in clarksburg, lodi and the sierra foothills. to ensure the continued quality of our wines year over year, we work throughout the season with our grower partners. a grading system has been put in place to rate each and every vineyard lot that goes into our wines.






                                        artisan winemaking                                    



every single block of grapes that enters our winery is vinted separately, allowing us to preserve its unique character and monitor the quality of each vineyard. it is this practice that allows us to produce consistently high-quality wines year after year that we’re proud to put our name on.






                                        our barrel program                                    



our barrel room holds over 95,000 small, traditional oak barrels where we age every one of our red wines. our chardonnay is barrel fermented in new oak barrels, with the lees stirred by hand at least once a month.















 












discover our family of wines
 shop now








2023
chardonnay
layered with notes of green apple, juicy pear and warm baking spices.





2022
cabernet sauvignon
notes of cherry, plum & currant with hints of clove, nutmeg and burnt caramel resulting from aging in american oak barrels.





2021
petite sirah
aromas of cocoa and mocha, with notes of boysenberry, blackberry and blueberry.





2023
pinot grigio
crisp with fresh notes of citrus, stone fruits and melon.





2022
old vine zinfandel
aromas of cranberries and raspberries, leading to notes of red fruits, marionberry pie and baking spices.





2023
sauvignon blanc
notes of citrus and freshly cut grass, this crisp yet expressive wine gives way to a pleasant finish of pineapple and passion fruit.





view all wines










join the family
special bottlings and reserve wines, recipes and pairing ideas, exclusive events, special access to our home ranch experiences...all with your club membership!

join a bogle wine club


stay connected
sign up for our newsletter for the latest updates and home ranch events!



"*" indicates required fields

first name* last name sign up for our newsletter


 




































37783 county rd 144
clarksburg, ca 95612


wine shop hours
10:00am - 5:00pm daily

contact us


shop
find our wines
trade & media
careers
newsletters
 

the bogle family wine collection

twenty acres by bogle
phantom wines
juggernaut wines








                    © 2025 all rights reserved. bogle family vineyards. clarksburg, california 
                                            terms & conditions
privacy policy
accessibility policy



 





























