


et in arcadia ego




















et in arcadia ego

chronicling the decline of modernity





wednesday, may 18, 2011




an underwhelming cabinetas a tory, i am generally well-disposed to the decisions of a conservative government.  however, the new cabinet announced today is decidedly a let-down, dashing hopes every which way.  harper failed to show decisiveness, accountability or boldness in his new choices.  the cabinet as a whole is actually pretty good: jim flaherty is a finance minister on par with paul martin, while peter mckay has done well in defence, jason kenney has amazed in immigration, and others like van loan, diane finley and christian paradis have impressed.that said, the changes to the cabinet are uninspiring, to say the least.  while somewhat constrained by geography, harper's decisions are nevertheless poor.  firstly, cabinet is unnecessarily bloated with unimportant posts: 11 ministers of state, 3 foreign ministers (foreign affairs, international co-operation, and international trade; 4 if you include a minister of state "of foreign affairs (americas and consular affairs)" and an "associate defence minister".  given the panopoly of foreign affairs posts, one would suppose that room would be found for the best-qualified member of the tory caucus, chris alexander (former canadian ambassador to afghanistan, among other postings).  while it is perhaps understandable to have an experienced cabinet hand at foreign affairs rather than a neophyte, can anyone honestly believe bev oda to be better fitted to international co-operation than alexander?  bev oda, to be blunt, doesn't merit being in cabinet at all both on account of her ineffectiveness and her ethical lapses; still less is she suited to represent canada on the international stage.  other ministers while not having the red flags of oda, simply haven't impressed, and should not have had free passes back into cabinet given the wealth of talent on the conservative backbenches: james moore, vic toews, rona ambrose and lisa raitt are good examples of questionable reappointments.  moore in particular is a poor man's john baird - while being an effective partisan bulldog, moore lacks baird's better qualities of charm and intellect.out on the west coast, british columbia has lost chuck strahl, stockwell day, gary lunn and jay hill over the past year, and saw john duncan, ed fast and alice wong.  inevitably, such a turnover will lessen the weight of the bc contingent at the cabinet table.  while duncan and fast are worthy choices, alice wong as a minister of state does little to add to the delegation, and cannot be regarded as a likely choice for further advancement.  with alice wong and james moore, bc has two cabinet slots occupied by unimpressive individuals, while higher-upside talents like mark warawa, john weston and russ hiebert languish on the backbench.



posted by gabriel at 18.5.11
0 comments






wednesday, march 16, 2011




thoughts on lineup constructionbuilding a lineup is a complex task.  according to the book, a team's best hitters should bat in the 1, 2 & 4 slots.  innumerable further considerations muddy the waters, but the need to get your best players more at bats indicate the wisdom of the book's approach.  looking at the blue jays projected starters, we can take a rough average of their forecasted wrc+ (drawn from fangraphs, and averaging bill james, marcel & fan projections), and we find:encarnacion (dh):  111arencibia (c): 96lind (1b): 119hill (2b): 104bautista (3b): 133escobar (ss): 106snider (lf): 120davis (cf): 101rivera (rf): 99against right-handed pitchers, there is thus a fairly significant gap between the top three jays hitters and the rest.  lind, snider and bautista are clearly the class of the lineup.  since we generally want to break up left-handed batters, against right-handers, probably the best lineup would look like this:sniderbautistaencarnacionlindescobarhillriveraarencibiadavisdavis has the speed to hit leadoff, and his obp is reasonable, but his  overall production just doesn't justify hitting him leadoff.  while generally the bottom of the order should be filled with hitters in declining order of value, it generally helps to have a leadoff-type hitter in the 9-hole, as they can get on base for the top of the lineup - hence davis hitting 9th.  the 3rd and 5th spots in the order are of roughly equal value, and i've given the 3rd spot to encarnacion because, despite being slower, he has ground into fewer double plays than escobar, and will thus kill fewer rallies.  snider, while not a speedster, is a decent enough baserunner.against lefties, we have a far more difficult challenge: neither snider nor lind hits lefthanders well, although lind is of greater concern.  regression to the mean suggests that neither will be as poor against lefties as their career numbers indicate; still, neither is among the top three blue jays batters against lefthanders.  clearly encarnacion & bautista are the best jays hitters against southpaws; neither is well-suited to hit leadoff.  the jays lack a lefty-masher and escobar has a reverse career split, so a good case can be made for rajai davis to hit leadoff against lefties.  hence:davisencarnacionhillbautistasniderriveraarencibialindescobaras players establish themselves, rebound, or decline, the lineup may be adjusted over the season, but these lineups are probably near-optimal for the jays to begin the season.



posted by gabriel at 16.3.11
0 comments






wednesday, december 01, 2010




an ecclesiastical thoughtif the ultimate law within the church is love, then one only can have a right to do what one ought to do.



posted by gabriel at 1.12.10
0 comments






thursday, november 25, 2010




imagination & the mystery of just punishmentfor the christian, judgement, in the final instance, is god's alone.  yet temporal justice must still done.  distinguishing between what is ultimately someone's just reward and what just punishment we may meet out is a difficult one.  not only do we find it difficult to distinguish between what punishment belongs to god and what punishment is proper to this world, we also find it difficult to distinguish between what a just punishment may be and what is properly merciful in the instance.  we also confuse justice with what is necessary to protect society as a whole, and other purely pragmatic considerations.  breaking these apart on a theoretical level is difficult, and ultimately, not a purely rational exercise.  reason gives us no certainty as to what justice permits in terms of punishment, nor what justice requires.  ultimately, our knowledge of temporal justice rests on our moral intuitions.given that our current practices of criminal punishment and civil liability so intertwines questions of pragmatism, mercy, and retribution, it is helpful to consider justice isolated from our current practices and freed from the pragmatic needs of our age and society.  imagination, particularly as encouraged through fiction, allows for such a freeing of just punishment.  works of the imagination, particularly in the genres of fantasy and science fiction can present questions of justice in stark terms.  reading george r. r. martin's "a song of ice & fire" has brought me closer to the depths of evil man is capable of, and cleared my vision of justice.  i have a new appreciation for vengeance, which is at the root of all temporal justice.  without retribution, what right have we to punish someone for their own good, or restrain someone for the harm they may do?  betrayals yield murder and rape in martin's stories.  such evils we rarely see absent mental illness in our society today.  seeing it up close, in the eyes of victims and murderers, we grasp the proper punishment- at times, death.we must still transfer these moral intuitions into our age and society, make due consideration for pragmatic factors such as rehabilitation, social justice, ethnic reconciliation, and public safety and to remain merciful.  yet seeing what justice permits and what justice requires is the necessary starting place, lest we too become guilty; and works of the imagination can give us the clarity needed.labels: fiction, justice, punishment



posted by gabriel at 25.11.10
0 comments






saturday, november 20, 2010




the private lives of freshmen (part iii): a summary of republican freshmenlooking at the 82 republican freshmen, there are a number of striking characteristics:the average age is a sprightly 46.they have an average of 2.7 children already.of the 82, 76 are currently married.only 4 flawed marital histories have been unearthed:ann marie buerkle, divorced;scott desjarlais, divorced & remarried;bill johnson, who was presumably divorced from the mother of his eldest three children; andmichael grimm, who had a marriage annulled.the freshmen class includes 30 catholics, 13 baptists, 6 presbyterians (at least one of whom is a member of the pca), 5 episcopalians, 5 methodists, and 5 lutherans (at least two of whom are members of the lutheran church-missouri synod).  14 others identify simply as "christians", "protestants" or "evangelical christians".  there is one christian reformed freshman.  another freshman, justin amash is a member of the antiochian orthodox church.  finally, of significant interest, the anglican church in north america has a congressman in scott tipton of colorado, who is a member of an amia congregation.only one freshmen claims a non-christian religion: raul labrador of idaho, who is mormon.the oldest freshman is david mckinley of west virginia, who was born in 1947; the youngest justin amash, who is 30.bobby schilling of illinois has 10 children, while 9 freshmen are childless.



posted by gabriel at 20.11.10
0 comments






thursday, november 18, 2010




the private lives of freshmen (part ii)having already looked at the democrats, we'll take a much longer look at republican freshmen today.the quasi-freshmen:tim walberg: mi-7 (1 term previously served)married, 3 childrenprotestantcharlie bass: nh-2 (6 terms)married, 2 childrenepiscopaliansteve pearce: nm-2 (3 terms)married, 1 childbaptiststeve chabot: oh-1 (7 terms)married, 2 childrenroman catholicmichael fitzpatrick: pa-8 (1 term)married, 6 childrenroman catholicsuccessors to republican incumbents:mo brooks: al-5married, 4 childrenchristian (attends mormon services)ben quayle: az-3marriedchristiansteve womack: ar-3married, 3 childrensouthern baptistjeff denham: ca-19married, 2 childrenpresbyterianrichard nugent: fl-5married, 3 childrenunited methodistdennis ross: fl-12married, 2 childrenpresbyteriandavid rivera: fl-25singleroman catholicrob woodall: ga-7singlemethodistrobert dold: il-10married, 3 childrenchristianmarlin stutzman: in-3married, 2 childrenbaptisttodd rokita: in-4married, 2 childrenroman catholictim huelskamp: ks-1married, 4 childrenroman catholicmike pompeo: ks-4married, 1 childpresbyterianbill huizenga: mi-2married, 5 childrenchristian reformedjustin amash: mi-3married, 3 childreneastern orthodoxbilly long: mo-7married, 2 childrenpresbyterianjames lankford: ok-5married, 2 childrenbaptisttim scott: sc-1singlechristianjeff duncan: sc-3married, 3 childrenbaptisttrey gowdy: sc-4married, 2 childrenbaptistchuck fleischmann: tn-3married, 3 childrenroman catholicsucceeded retiring democrats:rick crawford: ar- 1married, 2 childrensouthern baptisttim griffin: ar-2married, 2 childrenbaptistkevin yoder: ks-3marriedchristianjeff landry: la-3married, 1 childroman catholicdan benishek: mi-1married, 5 childrenroman catholictom reed: ny-29married, 2 childrenroman catholicpat meehan: pa-7married, 3 childrenroman catholicdiane black: tn-6married, 3 childrenlutheranstephen fincher: tn-8married, 3 childrenunited methodistjaime herrera: wa-3marriedchristiandavid mckinley: wv-1married, 4 childrenepiscopaliansean duffy: wi-7married, 6 childrenroman catholicdefeated democratic incumbents:martha roby: al-2married, 2 childrenpresbyterian (pca)paul gosar: az-1married, 3 childrenroman catholicdavid schweikert: az-5marriedroman catholicscott tipton: co-3married, 2 childrenanglicancory gardner: co-4married, 1 childlutheran church-missouri synodsteve southerland: fl-2married, 4 childrensouthern baptistdaniel webster: fl-8married, 6 childrensouthern baptistallen west: fl-22married, 2 childrenchristiansandy adams: fl-24widowed & remarried, 3 childrenepiscopalianaustin scott: ga-8married, 1 childsouthern baptistraul labrador: id-1married, 5 childrenmormonjoe walsh: il-8married, 3 children (& 2 stepchildren)roman catholicadam kinzinger: il-11singleprotestantrandy hultgren: il-14married, 4 childrenprotestantbobby schilling: il-17married, 10 childrenroman catholiclarry bucshon: in-8married, 4 childrenlutheran church-missouri synodtodd young: in-9married, 4 childrenchristianandy harris: md-1married, 5 childrenroman catholicchip cravaack: mn-8married, 2 childrenroman catholicalan nunnelee: ms-1married, 3 childrenbaptiststeven palazzo: ms-4married, 3 childrenroman catholicvicky hartzler: mo-4married, 1 childevangelical christianjoe heck: nv-3married, 3 childrenroman catholicfrank guinta: nh-1married, 2 childrenroman catholicjon runyan: nj-3married, 3 childrenroman catholicmichael grimm: ny-13former marriage annulledroman catholicnan hayworth: ny-19married, 2 childrenlutheranchris gibson: ny-20married, 3 childrenroman catholicrichard hanna: ny-24married, 2 childrenroman catholicann marie buerkle: ny-25divorced, 6 childrenroman catholicrenee ellmers: nc-2married, 1 childroman catholicrick berg: nd-almarried, 1 childlutheran (elca)bill johnson: oh-6married with 1 child; and 3 children from previous relationship.protestantsteve stivers: oh-15married, 1 childunited methodistjim renacci: oh-16married, 3 childrenroman catholicbob gibbs: oh-18married, 3 childrenunited methodistmike kelly: pa-3married, 4 childrenroman catholictom marino: pa-10married, 2 childrenroman catholiclou barletta: pa-11married, 4 childrenroman catholicmick mulvaney: sc-5married, 3 childrenroman catholickristi noem: sd-almarried, 3 childrenevangelical christianscott desjarlais: tn-4divorced & remarried, 4 childrenepiscopalianbill flores: tx-17married, 2 childrenbaptistfrancisco "quico" canseco: tx-23married, 3 childrenroman catholicblake farenthold: tx-27married, 2 childrenepiscopalianscott rigell: va-2married, 4 childrenprotestant (ex-episcopalian church without affiliation)robert hurt: va-5married, 3 childrenpresbyterian (pcusa)morgan griffith: va-9married, 3 childrenepiscopalianreid ribble: wi-8married, 2 childrenbaptist



posted by gabriel at 18.11.10
0 comments










the private lives of freshmen (part i)given that i cannot seem to find this anywhere else, i thought i'd take a look at the personal characteristics of the recently elected freshmen class.  i'll take a look at their stated religion, their marital status (noting divorces where i can) and number of children.  most information is taken from roll call.  religion and family can be indicative of political attitudes: we'd expect members of congress identifying themselves as presbyterian church in america to be more likely to be pro-life than those merely identifying as presbyterian, for instance.  it gets more obvious when one comes to atheists versus catholics, and so forth.first up, the democrats:terri sewell al-7singlechristian: ame/baptistkaren bass ca-33divorced, one child (deceased)baptistjohn carney de-almarried, two childrenroman catholicfrederica wilson fl-17widowed, three childrenepiscopaliancolleen hanabusa hi-1marriedbuddhistcedric richmond la-2singlebaptistwilliam keating ma-10married, two childrenroman catholichansen clarke mi-13marriedroman catholicdavid cicilline ri-1single (openly gay)jewishinterestingly, of the 9 freshmen democrats, only 4 have children.next up: the republicans



posted by gabriel at 18.11.10
0 comments






saturday, november 06, 2010




redistricting-mania: a massive look at electoral geographyearly in the new year, the clerk of the us house of representatives presents the results of the census reapportionment to the governors of the several states.  as always, this will trigger congressional redistricting in each state.  for the truly politics-obsessed among us, a fascinating subplot the recent us elections was control over redistricting.  gop victories were perfectly timed to help them over the next decade.  going state-by-state, we can have a good idea what to expect from redistricting.  overall, we can expect some states to gain seats, others to lose them.  using the estimates found here and here, i'll assume these changes:gaining seats:texas (4)utahsouth carolinafloridaarizonawashingtongeorgianevadalosing seats:ohio (2)new yorkpennsylvaniamichiganmassachusettsillinoisminnesotaiowanew jerseylouisianafor many states, redistricting will have no impact on their congressional delegations.  this is most obviously the case with respect to those states having only a single house member, but is also the case for many states with relatively few congressmen.at-large states - no changes:alaskadelawaremontananorth dakotasouth dakotavermontwyomingothers to ignore:rhode islandnebraskakansasidahohawaiiall the others have at least some interesting things to consider.  the partisan makeup of every house district has been calculated by the cook political report, called the cook partisan voting index (pvi), and can be found on wikipedia.  the control of the various state legislatures are found here.  looking at them one by one, i'll try and guess what redistricting may have in store.maine: republican-controlled.  at best, republicans can hope to make one of the two congressional districts competitive for them.  but both districts probably remain democratic.  no change.new hampshire:  while the granite state just elected a democratic governor, the state house & senate are controlled by gop super-majorities, cutting the democrats out of redistricting.  but new hampshire only has two districts, both held by republicans.  republicans have two options, given the partisan makeup of the state.  new hampshire has trended democratic over the last decade, and the best long-term plan might be for the republicans to strengthen one district at the expense of the other, perhaps relying on the power of incumbency to preserve charlie bass through a few cycles.  but it is more likely that redistricting will change as little as possible, or even try to equalize the partisan composition of the districts, but overall, no change.massachusetts:  the democrats wish their massive control over state government would help them here, but with all congressional districts held by democrats, there is nothing to help.  but massachusetts does lose a seat in redistricting.  democrats -1connecticut:  democrat-controlled.  redistricting will change ensure no seats become republican-leaning, and may even make a few of them more democratic.  no change.new york:  while it is still too early to say for certain, it looks like the republicans will just barely recapture the state senate, giving them a seat at the redistricting table.  new york will lose a seat, and i assume that seat will be lost in upstate new york, the one area of republican strength.  geographic limitations also come into play downstate:  the staten island seat is awkward to redistrict away, so it will remain republican-leaning.  redistricting may also push the 1st district into slightly more republican territory, which will benefit the republican currently leading.  overall, republicans -1, perhaps -2.new jersey:  new jersey's redistricting is controlled by a independent commission, which will have to deal with losing a congressional district.    the current delegation is split 7-6 for the dems; it seems likely that in such a liberal state, a 7-5 split will be most likely.  republicans -1.pennsylvania:  republican-controlled, pennsylvania will be losing a seat.  this is perhaps the first really fascinating state for redistricting, as the gop have a free hand to gerrymander.  pennsylvania is the wild west of congressional races:  of the current 19 districts, 7 have cook partisan voting indices of less than +/- 5.  three republican-leaning districts are represented by democrats, while no fewer than five democratic-leaning districts are represented by republican congressmen.  overall, the congressional delegation is 12-7 for the gop.  redistricting will give the gop the opportunity to weaken democratic incumbents mark critz, jason altmire & tim holden, while strengthening the position of republicans in swing districts.  pittsburgh currently has a single democraticly-dominated district at its core, leaving gop-leaning districts surrounding it.  philadelphia has two highly democratic districts (d+35, d+38), but with a number of democratic-leaning districts encompassing the suburbs.  concentrating liberal polls in one further district should allow the republican incumbents to rest easier in their beds.  ideally, the gop comes out of this redistricting cycle with a 14-4 edge, but 12-6 is perhaps more likely; it is hard to see how a competant gerrymander does worse.  let's say 13-5, giving republicans +1, democrats -2.maryland: on the other side of the mason-dixon, maryland is controlled by the democrats; but it is difficult to see how they eliminate either of the two republican districts. no change.west virginia:  democratic-controlled, but pretty homogenous, redistricting may weaken the advantages of incumbency, but likely will not alter the partisan balance.  no change.virginia:  mixed control, virginia keeps its 11 seats, currently on a 8-3 split for the gop.  incumbents will probably get a little more comfortable given the need for a bipartisan redistricting plan.  no change.north carolina:  probably the most impressively pro-democratic gerrymander during the last cycle, this conservative state has a 7-6 democratic delegation.  the state has a democratic governor, but newly a newly republican state legislature.  according to michael barone, in north carolina the governor cannot veto redistricting bills.  while a southern state, north carolina is not overwhelmingly republican, with a pvi as a whole of only r+4.  democratic areas are fairly spread out.  nevertheless, i would expect that a republican gerrymander would eliminate one democratic districts and sufficiently weaken either larry kissell or mike mcintyre in the south of the state to result in a 8-5 gop delegation.  taking a look at the map, larry kissell looks more easily isolated from democratic districts, and mcintyre could benefit from a significantly more democratically-leaning district.  gop +2, dem -2south carolina: controlled by the gop, the palmetto state gains a congressional representative this cycle, who will add another member to the gop delegation.  gop +1georgia:  another souther state controlled by the republicans, georgia has two democratic incumbents in very narrowly democratic districts.  it also is gaining a seat this cycle.  redistricting will allow the gop hand themselves the new seat and weaken both vulnerable democrats significantly, ideally picking up two more seats.  gop +3, dem -2florida:  hard to predict.  florida gains a seat, perhaps two, this cycle, and its state government is and will be controlled by the republicans.  but the state passed a constitutional amendment which will likely result in any redistricting plan to be fought in court.  fortunately for the gop, the redistricting will still be instigated by the legislature, even presuming the amendments are upheld on a court challenge.  my guess is that the judiciary will be loath to interfere too much, and that the gop will, by and large, get the districts they want.  however, the florida delegation is already about as gop-leaning as possible, and adding another gop district is probably the best the elephants will get.  gop +1alabama & mississippi:  both states have divided governments, both currently have congressional delegations with a single democrat in a majority-black district.  in neither state will matters change.  no change.louisiana:  mixed control, but it will hardly matter.  no one could draw a remotely sane map in louisiana that did not result in a democratic district centred in new orleans and gop districts everywhere else.  but as louisiana will be losing a congressional seat, this means: gop -1arkansas:  democratic-controlled, the redistricting process will change little here.  all the districts will remain gop-favoured, but this is prime blue dog territory.  mike ross can sit pretty for as long as he likes, most probably.  no change.tennessee: republican controlled, but already republican-dominated.  democrats hold only two of the 9 seats, one each in memphis and nashville.  the memphis seat is safe to redistricting, but the gop could try to weaken the nashville seat.  nevertheless, the safest bet here is no change.missouri:  missouri doesn't have many competitive seats.  it also has split control, with a gop legislature and a democratic governor.  the only seat redistricting could really switch is mo-3, which was just barely held this past election by russ carnahan.  nevertheless, it has a d+7 ranking, and probably won't be changing hands even if the gop got their druthers.  no change.kentucky:  with split control, it is unlikely anything will change here.  nevertheless, any changes to district boundaries will weaken ben chandler, a blue dog who barely survived last week.   but let's be conservative, and say no change.ohio:  ohio will be republican-dominated again this cycle, as it loses two seats.  right now the congressional delegation is split 13-5 for the gop.  republicans will be hard pressed to move it to a 12-4 split.  perhaps 13-3 is possible, but that would appear to be overly ambitious.  gop -1, dem -1indiana:  another midwest state where the republicans control redistricting.  democrats can look forward to being restricted to two seats: one centred on indianapolis, the other on gary.  the resulting partisan balance will be 7-2 republican.  gop +1, dem -1.illinois:  the sole midwest state controlled by the democrats, illinois could be a bit of a bloodbath for the gop.  with the current delegation at 11-8 for the gop, 8-10 might be the best to be hoped for.  gop -3, dem +2.michigan:  michigan, currently with a 9-6 gop congressional delegation, will be losing a seat.  clever gerrymandering might allow just four democratic districts, though that will probably result in a number of swing districts.  but let's be optimistic.  gop +1, dem -2.wisconsin:  another gop-controlled redistricting, the gop's best hope is to concentrate more democratic votes into the madison district, giving the gop the edge in wi-3 and shoring up wi-7.  tough, but gop +1, dem -1.iowa:  iowa will lose a seat this cycle, taking it down to four.  with a non-partisan redistricting board, it's hard to predict exactly what will happen, but i'll give the edge to an equal delegation, meaning that the democrats will lose a member.  dem -1.minnesota:  also losing a representative, minnesota has divided state control.  the question is which party will lose the seat.  collin peterson's seat is safe so long as he cares to run, it would seem, and there are at least two twin cities-area seats that are strongly democratic.  minn-1, which is held by democrat tim walz, is already republican leaning (r+1) but erik paulsen in minn-3 (even) and newly-elected chip craavack in minn-7 (d+3) are vulnerable.  at a guess, paulsen and cravaack will get more republican districts, while walz becomes vulnerable (possibly facing john kline in minn-2).  such a result keeps things interesting, as a walz-kline contest would be very competitive.  assuming craavack holds his district, this leaves a 4-3 republican split.  dem -1.oklahoma:  five districts, all very conservative; one is represented by dan boren, a conservative democrat.  i don't suppose there will be the political will to try and eviscerate boren's district, and he might well survive regardless.  redistricting will probably defer to the incumbents.  no change.texas:  texas is republican-controlled, and stands to gain 4 seats.  none of the surviving democratic representatives are in republican-leaning districts, and it may be difficult to eliminate any of them.  however, there is a possibility to split austin apart, and it may also be possible to concentrate democratic votes along the rio grande, to make at least an extra district competitive.  overall, rep +5, dem -1.new mexico:  new mexico has only three congressional seats.  as a swing state, redistricting largely decides whether two seats lean democratic or two lean republican.  with a republican governor, and a democratic legislature we can expect no alteration to the current order.  no change.colorado:  colorado is another state with divided partisan control, although the democrats do look to have the stronger hand here.  the state geography probably would make it difficult to carve out a fourth democratic-leaning district regardless, so the delegation will likely remain 4-3 gop.  no change.utah:  utah now has the distinction of harbouring the most out-of-place congressman in the us house.  jim matheson's district is rated at r+15, narrowly edging out dan boren's oklahoma district at r+14.  however, boren is pro-life, matheson is not; boren has a lifetime acu rating of 52, matheson of 40, so matheson is substantially more mismatched.  redistricting matheson out of a job should be job #1 for utah republicans.  as utah is adding a house seat, this is made even easier.  the strongest option would be to redistrict matheson into a contest against one of the republican incumbents, but just depriving matheson of his stronger areas could be enough to topple him.  nevertheless, matheson is strongly entrenched, and could survive another round of redistricting.  gop +2.nevada:  nevada is gaining a seat, and, as a swing state under mixed control, will likely come up with a map that gives a fairly safe 2-2 distribution.  dem +1arizona:  arizona's redistricting is controlled by an independent commission, which will have to determine the placement of an additional district, as well as realigning the existing ones.  doubtless the additional district will be republican, but it will be interesting to see if gabrielle gifford's district becomes more or less republican.  rep +1.california:  during the last redistricting, california opted to entrench most of its incumbents.  as a result, very few seats have changed hands over the past decade.  california passed a ballot initiative this year establishing an independent commission to oversee redistricting, which will probably favour incumbents to a certain extent.  even though california is not gaining or losing seats, internal demographic changes will inevitably result in significant shifts in district lines.  exactly how this will effect the map overall i am not certain.  however, it seems probable that urban, democratic areas have increased in population.  at a guess, dem +2, rep -2.oregon:  despite being a relatively moderate state (pvi d+4), oregon has a 4-1 democratic congressional delegation.  however, this reflects a fairly basic division between the somewhat liberal coastal section of the state and a very conservative interior.  with republicans only having minimal power over redistricting (a tied state house), incumbents will likely see little alteration to their districts.  no change.washington:  one of the few states with univocal democratic control, washington democrats will not get the chance to use their power, as redistricting is determined by an independent commission in the state.  washington is gaining a seat this cycle, and given the partisan slant of the state as a whole, the extra seat will probably be democratic.  redistricting may shift the partisan balance of some other seats significantly, as washington has a fair number of comptetive districts.  dave reichert's survival in the democratic-leaning 8th district could be in jeopardy if he has to deal with a more liberal voter base.  nonetheless, the most likely outcome here is:  dem +1overall, i estimate a swing of 8-10 seats towards the republicans solely because of redistricting this cycle.  this is an estimate taken entirely outside of changing political circumstances- it is, in effect, an attempt to estimate what the result will be if 2012 sees the same voting patterns as this year.



posted by gabriel at 6.11.10
0 comments






friday, may 22, 2009




the blissfully oblivious libertarian*over at the corner, cato fellow jerry taylor asks a question for non-libertarians:"for those of you who don’t embrace freedom as your political lodestar...  if we are to prevent people from engaging in what some deem to be self-destructive behavior (guys marrying guys, women joining a structured harem, whatever), on what principled basis do we decide what sort of self-destructive behavior is ripe for legal sanction as opposed to, say, other sorts of legalized self-destructive behavior like gambling, drinking, smoking, or watching oprah?"is it really that difficult to understand the thinking of ordinary conservatives?  indeed, the vast majority of people who don't hold to an ideological libertarianism?  the answer is we decide on the basis of considered pragmatic judgment.  one weighs the good to be gained against the negative consequences.  pretty straightforward, really.*lest it be misinterpreted, i'm borrowing this from the nickname of alex rios, rightfielder for the blue jays: the "blissfully oblivious gazelle" - extremely talented but a trifle abstracted.



posted by gabriel at 22.5.09
1 comments






wednesday, may 20, 2009




rights for me, not for youas i have noted previously, gay rights activists often aim to bulldoze religious freedom to eliminate all opposition to their aims.  the latest example:  new hampshire, where the state house is objecting to guarantees of religious freedom inserted into a gay marriage bill by the governor.



posted by gabriel at 20.5.09
0 comments






saturday, august 16, 2008




some sacred histories are more sacred than othersa certain denise spellberg explains why she campaigned (successfully) to prevent the publication of a novel depicting the life of aisha, favourite wife of mohammed:"i walked through a metal detector to see 'last temptation of christ,'" the controversial 1980s film adaptation of a novel that depicted a relationship between jesus and mary magdalene. "i don't have a problem with historical fiction. i do have a problem with the deliberate misinterpretation of history. you can't play with a sacred history and turn it into soft core pornography."so, this woman claims a courageous willingness to validate the attempted subversion of one religious tradition; but takes a leading role in suppressing a far less problematic portrayal of another.  is this what passes for principle in the academy these days?



posted by gabriel at 16.8.08
1 comments






tuesday, july 08, 2008




the hope of unitywe know that god may write straight by crooked lines, bringing unexpected blessings to dire situations. know is the time to hope for such a result for our anglo-catholic brethren. the church of england has voted to "ordain" women to the episcopate, without providing any safeguards for catholic-minded anglicans. coming so soon after gafcon, and just before the lambeth conference, i expect this action will have repercussions beyond england for anglo-catholics. the apparent end of anglo-catholicism within the church of england is bitter, even from the perspective of this unhyphenated catholic.the hope of anglo-catholicism was always foolishness to the world; but we christians and particularly we catholics should not regard it as foolishness, but as a divinely given impetus to recover the catholic faith within anglicanism. their view was that the anglican church was, after all the reforms and alterations and power struggles within the anglican founding, left with a doctrine and practice embodied in the book of common prayer and the formularies that was catholic, rather than protestant. thus, the anglican church could be faithful to catholic christian belief by recapturing what it innately was.that hope has now been decisively disappointed- yet we should have faith that the efforts of the oxford fathers (keble, pusey, newman) and the anglo-catholic priests and laity that have followed their renewal have not been in vain, and may yet bear fruit beyond our imagining. i hope this occurs through reunion with the holy see. the liturgical beauty of the anglican heritage, their hard-fought faithfulness to historic christianity, and their example in returning to unity are powerful forces.apparently, anglo-catholic leaders within the cofe have been having discussions with the vatican and are confident a good result can be worked out, while the traditional anglican communion, a sizeable grouping of anglo-catholics who had already left the anglican communion is anticipated to be received back into the fold of peter in the near future. and, for what it's worth, there are rumours that an entire diocese of the episcopal church (usa) is considering swimming the tiber.all these developments indicate that there is no time better to be generous in seeking unity among christians. in my view, unity is a matter of enormous importance. we should be willing to sacrifice all unneccessary things for unity. i hope the holy see will respond generously, granting an independent hierarchy (perhaps even ordaining celibate anglo-catholic priests to be bishops); a broad allowance for traditional anglican liturgy and parish structure; and allowing married men to be ordained for anglo-catholic communities. perhaps it would be good to emphasize that the separate structure and the continued ordination of married men to the presbyterate are not necessarily permanent- after all, ideally, there should be but one bishop over a given area; and the continuation of married priests should perhaps be left on an ad experimentum basis.



posted by gabriel at 8.7.08
0 comments






thursday, may 01, 2008




meme time- top 106 “unread” books on librarything 

the rules:
bold what you have read, italicize books you’ve started but couldn’t finish, and strike through books you hated. add an asterisk* to those you’ve read more than once. underline those you own but have not read.

the ultimate hitchhiker's guide by douglas adams jonathan strange & mr norrell by susanna clarke
the kite runner by khaled hosseini
anna karenina by leo tolstoy
life of pi : a novel by yann martel
don quixote by miguel de cervantes saavedra  
crime and punishment by fyodor dostoyevsky
one hundred years of solitude by gabriel garcia marquez vanity fair by william makepeace thackeray the silmarillion by j.r.r. tolkien
ulysses by james joyce
war and peace by leo tolstoy
madame bovary by gustave flaubert the brothers karamazov by fyodor dostoyevsky 
catch-22 a novel by joseph heller wuthering heights by emily bronte
the blind assassin by margaret atwood
quicksilver (the baroque cycle i) by neal stephenson
a tale of two cities by charles dickens
the satanic verses by salman rushdie
middlemarch by george eliot
reading lolita in tehran : a memoir in books by azar nafisi
the name of the rose by umberto eco
the kor'an
moby dick by herman melville
the odyssey by homer
the canterbury tales by geoffrey chaucer
love in the time of cholera by gabriel garcia marquez
the hunchback of notre dame by victor hugo
the historian : a novel by elizabeth kostova
foucault's pendulum by umberto eco
atlas shrugged by ayn rand
the history of tom jones, a foundling by henry fielding
the three musketeers by alexandre dumas the count of monte cristo by alexandre dumas
the sound and the fury by william faulkner the iliad by homer
mrs. dalloway by virginia woolf emma by jane austen*
doctor zhivago by boris pasternak
sons and lovers by d.h. lawrence
gulliver's travels by jonathan swift
the house of the seven gables by nathaniel hawthorne
guns, germs, and steel: the fates of human societies by jared diamond
dracula by bram stoker
lady chatterley's lover by d.h. lawrence
a heartbreaking work of staggering genius by dave eggers
oliver twist by charles dickens
the once and future king by t. h. white
robinson crusoe by daniel defoe
to the lighthouse by virginia woolf mansfield park by jane austen*
oryx and crake : a novel by margaret atwood
great expectations by charles dickens
labyrinth by kate mosse
tess of the d'urbervilles by thomas hardy
collapse : how societies choose to fail or succeed by jared diamond
the corrections by jonathan franzen
moll flanders by daniel defoe
underworld by don delillo
ivanhoe by sir walter scott
the grapes of wrath by john steinbeck jane eyre by charlotte bronte
the gormenghast trilogy by mervyn peake
the war of the worlds by h. g. wells
jude the obscure by thomas hardy
the origin of species by charles darwin
tender is the night by f. scott fitzgerald
a portrait of the artist as a young man by james joyce
a connecticut yankee in king arthur's court by mark twain
the divine comedy by dante alighieri
the inferno by dante alighieri
gravity's rainbow by thomas pynchon
the fountainhead by ayn rand
swann's way by marcel proust
the poisonwood bible : a novel by barbara kingsolver
the amazing adventures of kavalier and clay : a novel by michael chabon
sense and sensibility by jane austen*
the portrait of a lady by henry james
silas marner by george eliot
the picture of dorian gray by oscar wilde
the man in the iron mask by alexandre dumas
the god of small things by arundhati roy
the book thief by markus zusak
the confusion by neal stephenson
one flew over the cuckoo's nest by ken kesey
frankenstein by mary wollstonecraft shelley
bleak house by charles dickens
the system of the world by neal stephenson
the elegant universe : superstrings, hidden dimensions, and… by brian greene
cryptonomicon by neal stephenson
the known world by edward p. jones
the time traveler's wife by audrey niffenegger
the mill on the floss by george eliot
the english patient by michael ondaatje
mason & dixon by thomas pynchon
dubliners by james joyce
les misérables by victor hugo
the bonesetter's daughter by amy tan
infinite jest : a novel by david foster wallace
lord jim by joseph conrad
beloved : a novel by toni morrison
persuasion by jane austen*
a clockwork orange by anthony burgess
the personal history of david copperfield by charles dickens
tropic of cancer by henry millerlabels: books, meme



posted by gabriel at 1.5.08
2 comments






sunday, february 03, 2008




hitchcock & the priesthoodi just had the chance to watch one of alfred hitchcock's lesser-known films, "i confess".  in it, a priest falls under suspicion for a murder.  hitchcock focuses a great deal on the mysterious nature of the priesthood, no doubt drawing upon his own faith- and the seal of the confessional plays an important role in the plot.  a beautiful film.



posted by gabriel at 3.2.08
1 comments






wednesday, january 30, 2008




evangelical monasticisma fascinating story in the los angeles times captures the spirit and challenges of a neo-monastic community of evangelicals in montana.  these men and women are urgently pursuing obedience to god and service to their neighbours.it's particularly interesting to me as i've had a discussion about re-establishing monasticism with an evangelical friend of mine.  there's information about the broader movement (yep, it's a broader movement) here.



posted by gabriel at 30.1.08
0 comments






monday, january 21, 2008




panic!!

let's all for once pay heed to lenin, alleged to have said "the worse it gets, the better."  the markets are melting!  o frabjous day! callooh! callay!

and all this over a little worry about an american recession.  imagine what will happen when the markets wake up and realize that the united states has about $66 trillion (not a mistake- trillion) in unfunded liabilities relating to medicare, medicaid and social security.  that means that the implicit & explicit debt of america is about 600% of gdp.   how the u.s. economy can survive this burden is difficult to imagine.  a massive collapse is in order, far more severe than this little bump, when the markets realize that there is no way to square the circle, and that taxes will have to rise enormously.  maybe not tomorrow, but it will happen.*  when it does, we're all in deep trouble.

i gather there are similar problems confronting other developed nations surrounding the huge demographic shift that is slowly transforming the west, but i gather the united states has the biggest fiscal shortfall associated with this dramatic aging of society even though the united states has the smallest demographic problem in the west.

*i discount the possibility that american voters and politicians will actually rein in spending on medicare and social security as incredibly unlikely.labels: demographics, economics, politics



posted by gabriel at 21.1.08
1 comments






saturday, september 22, 2007




miraclesrod dreher is a wonderful writer, and has even been so kind as to link to this blog on occasion.  well, go and read about his experience with miracles- truly extraordinary, but he shows how his miracles led him to keep them in context.



posted by gabriel at 22.9.07
0 comments






thursday, september 13, 2007




congratulations to the romanian orthodox faithful on the election of patriarch danielmay he shepherd wisely & in the love of christ.the newsrocco palmo comments



posted by gabriel at 13.9.07
0 comments






friday, september 07, 2007




i'm happy, because i'm (sort of) going one for two:an interesting marine protected areas announcement from the bc government.



posted by gabriel at 7.9.07
0 comments






wednesday, august 22, 2007




france & iraqholding what appears, even to myself, as inextricably conflicted views about france, i was nonetheless wholly pleased to read of france's new diplomatic efforts in iraq.one of the options under consideration, the official said, would be a peace conference that would bring shiite, sunni and kurdish representatives to one table, modeled on a similar gathering mr. kouchner organized for lebanese factions last month. such a conference could be organized in france or in one of iraq’s neighbors, said the official, who declined to be identified because the issue was still under discussion.it remains uncertain whether any diplomatic effort is capable of yielding a favourable result at this juncture, but france's apparent willingness to expend diplomatic toil and political capital to make the attempt reflects well on the nation, the sarkozy administration, and, above all, bernard kouchner.



posted by gabriel at 22.8.07
1 comments











about me

name:  gabriel 
location:  the coast, british columbia, canada 
a pre-modern man, trying to prove you can turn back the clock.
view my complete profile

blogs

the fair maid
amy welborn
mark shea
shrine of the holy whapping
pontifications
dilexit prior
don jim
two sleepy mommies
matthew davidson
harrison
bernard brandt
iain benson
rod dreher
the japery
on the square
electrons, not ink
arts & letters daily
the new pantagruel
catholic educators' resource centre
ignatius insight
godspy
centre for cultural renewal
dappled things
publishers
st. michael's abbey press
st. augustine's press
ignatius press
the st. austin press
the sophia institute press
ihs press
sapienta press
requiem press
loyola classics
ancient christian commentary on scripture from intervarsity press
periodicals
second spring
first things
the new atlantis
the new criterion
co-belligerents
robert louis wilken
anthony esolen
michael o'brien
grey ink
the times of london
the telegraph
the independent
the guardian
the financial times
le monde
frankfurter allgemeine
corriere della serra
el pais
the new york times
the washington post
the wall street journal
the times literary supplement
the london review of books

esoterica

children's books from whippersnapper
saint george & the dragon
adbusters


reading

the most dangerous branch - robert ivan martin
dissolution - c.j. sansom

the stripping of the altars - eamon duffy


recently read


the disappearance of childhood - neil postman


my library



some random volumes




previous posts

an underwhelming cabinetas a tory, i am generally ...
thoughts on lineup constructionbuilding a lineup i...
an ecclesiastical thoughtif the ultimate law withi...
imagination & the mystery of just punishmentfor th...
the private lives of freshmen (part iii): a summar...
the private lives of freshmen (part ii)having alre...
the private lives of freshmen (part i)given that i...
redistricting-mania: a massive look at electoral g...
the blissfully oblivious libertarian*over at the c...
rights for me, not for youas i have noted previous...


archives

august 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
january 2008
february 2008
may 2008
july 2008
august 2008
may 2009
november 2010
december 2010
march 2011
may 2011

nuts & bolts

<<
#
st. blog's parish
?
>>

















amdg




