2


hostile aggressive parenting - emotional & mental child abuse 











donate | site map | 
				contact us














home  |  what 
								is hap?  |  evaluating 
								hap  |  parental 
								alienation  |  how can i 
								help?  |  related 
								links





















what is hap?

welcome














																			hostile aggressive parenting or hap is a serious form of child maltreatment and abuse, and is encountered
																			in most high conflict child-custody disputes and is often used as a tool to align the child with one parent during
																			litigation.
																			
																			a parent suffering from hap will do their best to interfere with the relationship of a child with another person, usually the other parent or guardian. such interferences could include
																			using an older sibling to control the child, guilting the child into submission, not allowing telephone, email or any other communication between the child and the other person...
read more 








help stop the abuse




all children deserve to love, and not have to hide their love.

																			children that come from a hap parent often become depressed, sometimes suicidal. help us spread the word and get
																			help to these kids. we are open to suggestions to helping spread the word, below are some ideas:
																			
																			• are you a hap victim? write us  your story.
																			• write an article and submit it  to your local newspapers (& send  us a copy too!)
																			• recommend going through  this site: uptoparents.org	
																			• ask oprah to do a show on hap

																			• ask dr. phil to do a show on hap

																			• ask your local religious leaders to  do a sermon on hap and it's   consequences.
																			
																			• send us a suggestion to share  with others..









																			
																			this site is dedicated to the children who are suffering under the hands of hap parents. we strive to educate the public
																			about this growing problem in hopes of getting help to the hap parent, and to the suffering kids. hap parents may not realize they have hap. it's up to friends, family & the community
																			to educate them and encourage them to seek help.
do you think you or anyone you know is suffering from hap? complete our 
																				questionaire to find out. 
																			
																			children should be allowed to love both parents, and feel loved by both parents. it is of utmost importance for both parents to encourage a relationship between the kids and the other parent. 
																			standing together as parents is important in a marriage, but ironically, it is even more important in cases of divorce, separation or turmoil, and is a sign of great parenting!












is this someone you know?

donations










does this person:

																						• badmouth a parent in front of the children and at every opportunity?
																						
																						• not answer the phone when the other parent calls?
																						
																						• convince the child that they should change their surname?
																						
																						• play on the children's feelings of guilt and sympathy?
																						
																						• use the child as a weapon against the other parent and family members?
																						
																						• order or manipulate the child to not answer the phone when it rings?
																						
																						• say that the child does not want to speak for to the other parent?
																						
																						• undermine the other parent by encouraging the child to defy the other parent
																						
read more 






																						help us spread the word about hap and get help to the kids who are suffering. 
																						
donate now

																						all monies will go towards maintaining this site and
																						spreading the word about hap, through internet, print, radio and any other means we can.
																					



























home  |  what 
		is hap?  |  evaluating 
		hap  |  parental 
		alienation  |  how 
		can i help?  |  concerned 
		friends  |  related 
		links  |  privacy 
		policy  |  legal notice



