











dr. al sears md | wellness research and consulting







































































about dr. al searshealth articlesanti-agingbrain healthcancerfitnesshealthheart healthmen’s healthnatural curesnutritionweight losswomen’s health closeproductsresourceshealth directoryfree newsletter sign upfrequently asked questionstestimonials100% money back guaranteepress roomjoin dr. al sears’ affiliate programaffiliate marketing program terms and conditions closeterms & conditions closemy accountloginanti-aging confidential for womenconfidential curesp.a.c.e. express video on-demandlost password closecontact 



search




search




 close

 





join 500,000+ subscribers and get dr. sears' protect and shield your native immune defense systemdr. sears best selling books & reports 
uniquely qualified to keep you healthier for life
al sears, md is america’s #1 anti-aging doctor. he’s made it his life’s work to challenge conventional medical beliefs and bring his patients the latest breakthroughs in natural cures and remedies to diseases once thought to be “incurable.”
dr. sears takes a fresh, novel approach to patient health and wellness. our environment and food supply has changed for the worse — and it’s affecting your health.
he helps patients return to their “native health” and escape accelerated aging caused by modern toxins, pollutants, preservatives, chemicals and other hormonal threats you unknowingly face every day.health articlesshocking ingredient in plant-based foodsread moreburn fat while you sleepread morea “game-changer” for your heartread moreingredient in coffee improves your memory (it’s not caffeine)read morethe most important medical test you can haveread more6 different diabetes types – and countingread morethis is what the industry experts are saying about dr. sears"dr. sears blows away the conventional medical wisdom..."

ronald klatz, md, do, founder and president, american academy of anti-aging medicine"dr. sears has distinguished himself as a leader in the area of anti-aging medicine and recently in cell and telomere biology..."
frederic j. vagnini, md, facs, medical director of the heart, diabetes and weight loss centers of ny"dr. al sears really gets it. what a refreshing breath of fresh air..."

jonny bowden, author, living the low carb life: from atkins to the zone choosing the diet that's right for you"dr. sears masterfully explains how we can flip the switches that allow access to the store of human vitality that resides within each one of us. we understood how to do with this when we were young and now dr. sears gives us the evidence-based means to tap into our potency, strength, and stamina with intention."

paul l. hester, md, mba







confidential cures newsletter
anti-aging confidential for women newsletter
books
e-books
dvd’s & audios
health articles
disclaimer
privacy policy
terms & conditions
sitemap
contact
	11905 southern blvd
	royal palm beach, fl 33411
	866.792.1035







 

 
 
 







close



we use information collected through cookies and similar technologies to improve your experience on our site, analyse how you use it and for marketing purposes.privacy policy 


allow all













close






your privacy settings


						we and our partners use information collected through cookies and similar technologies to improve your experience on our site, analyse how you use it and for marketing purposes. because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. however, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. in some cases, data obtained from cookies is shared with third parties for analytics or marketing reasons. you can exercise your right to opt-out of that sharing at any time by disabling cookies.                    


privacy policy 

allow all






manage consent preferences


necessary


always on



							these cookies and scripts are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off. theyare usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, suchas setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. you can set your browser to block oralert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. these cookies do notstore any personally identifiable information.                        


analytics


 


							these cookies and scripts allow us to count visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. they help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. all information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. if you do not allow these cookies and scripts, we will not know when you have visited our site.                        


embedded videos


 


							these cookies and scripts may be set through our site by external video hosting services likeyoutube or vimeo. they may be used to deliver video content on our website. it’s possible for the video provider to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on this or other websites. they do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. if you do not allow these cookies or scripts it is possible that embedded video will not function as expected.                        


marketing


 


							these cookies and scripts  may be set through our site by our advertising partners. they may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. they do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. if you do not allow these cookies and scripts, you will experience less targeted advertising.                        




facebook advanced matching


 


												facebook advanced matching can improve ads attribution and conversion tracking. it can help us reach better-targeted custom audiences through our ads. when possible, we will share with facebook hashed information like your name, phone, email, or address.                                            




facebook capi


 


												facebook conversion api events (capi) help us better understand how you interact with our websites. they allow us to measure the impact of our ads on the website's conversions and they improve ads targeting through custom audiences. when possible, we might share with facebook information like name, email, phone, address.                                            





confirm my choices
allow all



verified by consentmagic


 




















 




