







custom elearning solutions | kmi learning
































































































































 
 










   










skip to content








call us 1-800-470-7010|info@kmilearning.com 

facebookyoutubelinkedin 










 kmi lmskmi lms homewhite label lmsextended enterprisecustom lmslms for nonprofitscase studiescontentcontent partnersfree democontent for salepowerlift® material handling safety traininggeneral security awareness trainingonline application security traininghazmat shipper trainingdrivers as brand ambassadorsintroduction to the gdpr training courseblogcontact uswho we areabout usfaqtestimonialscontact usdemo 















homebrian hoffsis2024-05-16t12:16:10-04:00 
we buildlearning solutionskmi has been building and constantly refining our white label learning management system (lms) since 2000. we currently have more than 3 million active users.get a free lms demoexplore the kmi lmslearn morewhite label lmslearn moreextended enterpriselearn morecustom lmslearn morelms for non-profitslearn moreresponsive and streamlinedthe new kmi learning white label lms is powerful and very easy to use. user experience has been our emphasis and elegant simplicity is the result. merge that with our intense focus on customer support, willingness and ability to customize, and our budget flexibility you’ll find that the kmi lms is the best choice for extended enterprise learning initiatives.
we welcome custom development

white label branding

white glove support

flexible billing models

gamification

virtual classroom

course authoring with google

highly scalable

e-commerce capable

programs, certification, c.e. tracking

mobile ready

simple administration

powerful reporting tools

supports any course type
our trusted partners buildgreat contentlearning the inspireswe at kmi learning believe that great customized elearning solutions do not only include the processes, culture, and values of a business. exceptional elearning development needs to focus on the audience because ultimately it is them that you want to understand and embody your message.learn morebuild outwardextended enterprise lms
is there profit to be made from your elearning program?
an extended enterprise lms. could you turn your customers into product experts, your audience into advocates, and your content into revenue? see how kmi learning can help you make money, even millions, with our white-label learning management system.
learn morebuild inwardworkforce training
do you want to take your training to the next level?
could your workplace be safer, your employees more loyal and productive, and your company more secure?  kmi learning is here to help with a great lms, consulting services, custom content development services and other award-winning custom elearning solutions.
learn morebuild contentcustom development
is your elearning content inspiring your learners?
a great learning program needs great content, content that changes behaviors, content that learners love. that’s what we build, great custom elearning. it takes more than slapping your logo on the page to make it really yours, with your message.
learn morethe reviews are in!see what others are sayingindustriesfinance
natural resources and utilities
manufacturing
warehouse and distribution
medical products
healthcare
non-profits
media and communication
insuranceexpertisesafety
supply chain management
security awareness
ethics and compliance
performance
sales training
product training
leadership and management
policies and procedures
“kmi lms saved my business from disaster!”“not only was kmi the only lms that entertained the development of our custom features, they actually were excited by the project and took it to a level that greatly exceeded our expectations. the kmi team treated our project as if it were their own business. often times we’d spell out a particular feature and they’d come back with suggestions that we hadn’t even considered to make it better in some way. and in the end we ended up with a website/lms that blew us away!”
– steven stark, principal at ubtssee more success storiesabout kmikmi learning provides our clients with the expertise and technology they need to deploy, market and manage great outward-facing online academies.custom elearning developmentcustom elearning development is vital for effective, behavior-changing learning. your organizational culture, vision, and brand messages need to be interwoven into your training wherever possible. the more relevant and recognizable your training is, the greater the learner engagement and motivation. this applies not only to custom content development but also the learning management system (lms) you employ. kmi partners provide custom development services and kmi provides the white label lms that looks and feels like, and frankly is, a part of your organization.what’s new from our blog

the key to simplified lms administration for non-profitsby joel copeland|2024-05-24t13:12:30-04:00may 24th, 2024|categories: custom lms, extended enterprise, lms for non-profits|as a non-profit administrator, your plate is full. you're balancingread more 0



navigating the world of learning management systems (lms) for nonprofitsby joel copeland|2024-02-21t13:14:17-05:00february 21st, 2024|categories: custom lms, lms for non-profits|in the realm of nonprofit work, the success of educationalread more 0



the power of a white-label lms for nonprofitsby joel copeland|2024-01-26t15:24:12-05:00january 26th, 2024|categories: custom lms, extended enterprise, white label lms|imagine the impact your nonprofit organization could achieve with aread more 0





 
 






		© kmi learning -  - privacy statement



 


facebookyoutubelinkedin
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

 



















 


go to top





