



music business books, music industry contracts & contacts































 






 music business book, music industry contracts, contacts, and pro advice to succeed



 
























homeaboutadvisorsloan limitscommissionspublishing dealsmusic productionclient's photostestimonialscontact usbuy now











































 






music powers 
"absolutely the best music industry guide
                                             with professional advice, music business information, contacts, help and resources for up-and-coming artists, producers, songwriters,
                                             and managers." 

 the award-winning "the
                                             music powers that be" is a breakthrough collaborative effort of many top music industry record producers, entertainment
                                             attorneys, music managers, songwriters, engineers, record industry vocalists, radio consultants, talent agencies, and radio
                                             djs. it's like having an all-star team or mix tape of established music business professionals who have already had certified
                                             gold & platinum sales award success, come together to help you make better decisions to get a career in the music industry;
                                             get "insider" information about the way the industry really works; learn about production contracts, finding management;
                                             record deals, and the business side of music. there are also music industry manager contacts, recommended music lawyers, and
                                             business contract information for music producers, songwriters, and artists. the music powers book project was developed for
                                             artists, songwriters and producers with more talent than money.

"i want to congratulate you
                                             on writing such an awesome book.  i've read books by kashif and donald passman, but your book is my favorite because of  the
                                             information you have for music producers trying to get in the game."thank you!  ~kalaral - louisiana 

the music powers music
                                             business book is one of the best reviewed business books of recent years, and has also won at the international summit awards.
                                              also, if you are trying to get production information on how to sell beats in the music industry, then "the business of selling and leasing beats"
                                             chapter will guide you through all of the steps, producer contract agreements, payments, points %, sampling issues,  and contract
                                             options you will need to consider as a producer, beat maker, engineer,  or music manager.   

there is also music publishing information, pro recording and mixing advice, selling beats and leasing music tracks information, along
                                             with great real-world advice from some of the best producers, managers, songwriters, and music attorneys of many of the top
                                             recording artists in the industry. also, the music management, music booking agents, and music attorney sections have been
                                             updated. 








©cirocco | musicpowers.com | music powers
                                 i-media




















 



