









gavilan vineyards | san rafael, mendoza province, argentina





































































 













"wine to me is passion. it's family and friends. it's warmth of heart and generosity of spirit. wine is art. it's culture. it's the essence of civilization and the art of living." --robert mondavi 













home
vineyards

our vineyards
our grapes
our wines
vineyards gallery
wine tours
the wine store


wine estates

estates information
layout and pricing

gavilan financing


investment information
maintenance & planting
wine tours


winery

the winery
our wines
the wine store
wine tours


about

about argentina
about san rafael
faq


contact



















 



 





 

gavilan wine estates 

14 exclusive 2ha (5-acre) private vineyards in a gated community.build your dream home in your own personal vineyard for as low as $44,000. 







 

our wines 

at gavilan we have dedicated our main interest in our premium grapes to the production of exceptional wines. barrel aged with low-yield grapes for maximum flavor profiles. discover our wines and discover our vines in a private vineyard tour. 







 

wine store at gavilan 

this new facility is scheduled to open in 2018. build with locally sourced materials this building overlooks the 105 acres of vineyards at gavilan. tours start here. please make an appointment. 



 



 








gavilan wine estates


14 exclusive 2ha (5-acre) private vineyards in a gated community.
build your dream home in your own personal vineyard for as low as $44,000.


our wines


at gavilan, we have dedicated our main interest in our premium grapes to the production of exceptional wines.
barrel aged with low-yield grapes for maximum flavor profiles. discover our wines and discover our vines in a private vineyard tour.


wine store at gavilan



this new facility is scheduled to open in 2018. build with locally sourced materials this building overlooks the 105 acres of vineyards at gavilan.
tours start here. please make an appointment.



wine estate tour
















welcome gavilan vineyards and wine estates, a 85ha (210acre) complex with a 42ha (110acre) vineyard, and 14 exclusive wine estates of 2ha each, offered to wine enthusiasts.
speak to a vineyard estate specialist
phone: (305)867-7676
or send us a message

follow us!










						copyright 2010 - 2018© gavilan vineyards, llc. all rights reserved.					
































