







the wilson vineyard


















































                        intro
                      



                        about
                      



                        traditional techniques
                      



                        press
                      



                        buy
                      



                  home
                



                contact
              



                wine shop
              



                helpmann
              







the wilson vineyard





                        intro
                      



                        about
                      



                        traditional techniques
                      



                        press
                      



                        buy
                      



                  home
                



                contact
              



                wine shop
              



                helpmann
              























 

clare valley south australia




    buy wilson vineyard wine now
  

 











  

riesling. shiraz. cabernet sauvignon. tempranillo. zinfandel. merlot.

 

varieties found in the wilson vineyard

 

















handplunged | whole bunch pressed | hand picked | unfiltered | minimal handling | minimal preservativethese are the techniques employed in our winery. low tech, small batch winemaking. there is no substitute. proof is in every bottle.
























polish hill river

from our oldest riesling vineyard comes this special wine.handpicked from very low yielding vines in heavy clay soils the flavours are powerful, clean and inviting.made in limited quantity to exacting standards, the polish hill river riesling has an exceptional track record and sits comfortably within the top tier of australian riesling.














djw riesling

planted in 1997 on a small block opposite cellar door, the djw block slopes to the south providing shade from the harsh summer sun.the soil contains more sand and less clay than our other polish hill river vineyards which translates into more vigorous vines, larger berries and more fruit shading.the characteristics of this block are typically more generous, sometimes slightly tropical, but always fresh with green fruit and flavours with tremendous length.














stonecraft

history has proven that cabernet sauvignon thrives in the clare valley. around 8 acres of the wilson vineyard is planted to this magnificent variety.wilson cabernet sauvignon has a power of tannin to go with the varietal flavours of blackberry and blackcurrant.matured in a high proportion (>50%) of quality new french oak, wilson cabernet sauvignon is built unashamadly for aging and demonstrates the enthusiasm our winemaker has for bordeaux.














pepperstone

a blend of shiraz vineyards from polish hill river.the pepperstone is a medium-full bodied wine that displays the earthy, plums and distinct ribena flavours of our terroir.aged in a mix of american and french oak the pepperstone has a complexity not typically found in this price range.














handplunge

the handplunge is our pursuit of excellence in red winemaking.made from estate fruit grown at polish hill river, and only in outstanding vintages, the handplunge must be rich, full bodied and powerful by design.following fermentation the handplunge parcels are blended and matured in 100% new immersion bent american oak barriques.when produced, quantities are typically around 100 dozen.














tempranillo

planted on the heavy clay of polish hill river we have a tiny 1 acre patch of tempranillo, fast becoming the must have alternative variety in australia.concentrated colour and concentration give immediate appeal with succulent flavours of plums and cloves over a cola base.














merlot

made only in the best years, wilson merlot is a cut above the rest.powerful and concentrated the merlot shows ripe berry flavours and aromas.being only a very small part of our vineyard wilson merlot is very limited in production and is only available through cellar door and website.





























 


“mouth enveloping flavour and richness, a chalky feel, fine acidity and great length. a blinder.”

— gary walsh, the winefront




“wilson 2014 delivers watervale’s floral and lime like aromas and flavours on a full but finely structured, delicate, dry palate.”

— chris shanahan, canberra times




“pure citrus fruit and rind flavours run seamlessly through to the finish”

— james halliday, the wine companion




“in the mouth it’s sharp edged, linear, frisky and refreshingly mouth watering.”

— huon hooke, hooked on wine















6 bottles or more = free delivery!




    shop
  
















latest news and offers from wilson






first name



last name




email address






sign up






thank you!








back to top




terms of use




the wilson vineyard, 255 stone cutting rd, polish hill river, sa, 5453, australia(08) 8822 4050cellardoor@wilsonvineyard.com.au































 

contact usp: (08) 8822 4050e: cellardoor@wilsonvineyard.com.auopen 10am-4pm weekends255 stone cutting roadpolish hill river sa 5453australia



cellar door location


   





cart (0)







