




  






home - chillicothe area chamber of commerce, mo























 















































 toggle navigation   






the chamber

welcome
board and staff
ambassadors
starting a business
info requests
leadership chillicothe
chamber travel
chillicothe cash
area map
photo gallery


new to chillicothe

membership

join the chamber
member benefits
dues structure
2025 sponsorship guide


business directory

events and calendar

events list
events calendar



community links

job postings
city of chillicothe
livingston county
chillicothe r-ii school district
main street chillicothe
chillicothe development corporation
home of sliced bread
visit chillicothe
hedrick medical center


contact us

























the greatest thing
for business












join today!

















































the home of sliced bread!


welcome to chillicothe - the home of sliced bread! you'll find plenty to do here during your visit - chillicothe has an 18-hole public green hills golf course, a fantastic water park chilli bay, numerous tennis courts, ball parks, grand river area family ymca facility, our very own sliced bread innovation center and many other enjoyable activity areas.
chillicothe lies in the heart of a rich agricultural section of the state and is the largest community in north central missouri. the 2010 census lists our population as 9,515, but we are also blessed with support from surrounding towns in our area. livingston county's population is 15,037, and citizens from nearby counties visit us as well. we are located 90 miles northeast of kansas city and at the intersection of u.s. highways 36 & 65.













diretory







map







news







calendar





















upcoming events



planning a community-wide event? click here to add it to our calendar.
 




















































where to find us



address: 514 washington street, post office box 407, chillicothe, missouri 64601  phone: 660-646-4050  email office@chillicothemo.com
chillicothe is located in the heart of northwest missouri at the junction of highway 65 and highway 36. chillicothe is proud to be the home of sliced bread. come visit our wonderful community!






































the greatest thing for business



















meet the chillicothe chamber staff






















bridget gudgell
membership & communications coordinator





















crystal narr
executive director









































            -->

        














chillicothe, missouri: where innovation is born & families are raised




































































































































chillicothe area chamber of commerce

 514 washington st., chillicothe, mo 64601

 877. 224.4554

 chamber@chillicothemo.com














© copyright 2025 chillicothe area chamber of commerce. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.

















 


