


welcome to donna's korner kollectibles












 >
>>>welcome to donna's korner
kollectibles
a shop
of
dolls, doll accessories, dolls clothes, figurines, plush, books, and
other related collectibles.








   




your seo optimized title


		page contents
	


























 

future
pagerank tool © seo chat™  
 

 
url
valid url

 
 


 
 




















 

welcome
to donna's
korner kollectibles a shop of dolls, doll clothes and accessories,
figurines, plush and beanies, related
collectibles.








welcome,
since january 11, 2009, you are web page visitor no.
        
free counters provided by andale.




 


click
here to enter doll main doll sales ecommerce site







1.
our doll and collectibles
selling site has been transformed from a list
into a secure store with shopping cart at the link below. there's
almost 1,500 items. all
dolls, doll clothes, dolls accessories, paper dolls, and collectibles
books are listed here and kept up-to-date. plush, figurines, and
miscellaneous items are also listed with  the rest being
rapidly
added as items are photographed. payment may be made through paypal,
google checkout, credit
cards, checks, and money orders. click to visit; use back arrow to
return or link from this
page:> http://www.dkkdolls.com/store/index.html.

the
old lists are now obsolete.  it is now categories of
individual
items with pictures. layaway
orders have to go through this site with one-third of the total
down--they have to be arranged via email, mail, or phone and have to
be by money order, personal check, or pay
pal. sorry, we do not have the resources to be dolls from you or do
trades. also see our listings at the site below, which features most of
our inventory. the home page to the doll site is http://www.dkkdolls.com/home.html


2. the
majority of items here are also listed with photos and easy
navigation at the donna's korner kollectibles at the collectibles
online section of tias.com site. click
banner or link below to visit our shop within
collectorsonline, a
part of tias, which has over 1450+ different items in the inventory
as of 09/24/2010. most of our inventory has long been here with the
best
viewing of photos,
easy navigation, coupon specials, shopping cart and secure ordering
(via credit cards, paypal, check, and money order) at
http://www.donnaskorner.com


note:
all credit card orders eventually end up going through this site;
however, it cannot process layaway at this
time.
our most recent listings here include the following:





3.
click to visit ebay auctions and feedback of donna's korner
kollectibles (ebay id: dkkdolls); provides links to auctions or store
inventory; use back key to return--also a link from donna's ebay home
page to this website's home page.>
to
visit my ebay page where you can access the items are on in store
inventory or auction listings there, go
here>
http://stores.ebay.com/donnas-korner-kollectibles


3a.
click to view all of the items in my donna's korner kollectibles ebay
store or on one of the ebay listings ending soonest in the following
list, though there are many more:



4.
to get to the new family history and photograph site for the lynch,
bowden (bowdoin, baudoin), hickman, thompson, faulkner, dondes, katz,
glass, armstrong, krug, thomsen, sayles, and parrish families; the url
is http://www.dkkdolls.com/family/home.html. 
click
here or on the key or house below to
enter









 if
you live in
near orange, california, you can visit my mall space, which is space
no. 92,
downstairs, inside orange circle antique mall (o.c.a.m.), 118 south
glassell st.,
orange, ca 92866 (1/2 block south of the town circle).  the
employees at the mall only sell merchandise for the dealers and are not
familiar with it. please direct all telephone calls to me and not them. 
a large
sample of our items are
located there but space is limited, and much more is
at the website. this location is approximately 1/2 block south of the
town circle and chapman avenue in old town. our space is near the drink
and snack machines, but you will know it by all of the dolls. at that
location, only my items on display are for sale through the employees
there. sorry, but i am no longer able to purchase dolls and
collectibles. if you have a special request from my website please
contact me through the contact links and pages at this site to arrange
an appointment. allow  2-3 days in good weather to allow me
time to go
through my packed storage facility.  internet access to my
website is 24 hours a day.
o.c.a.m.'s hours are sun: 11:00 am-6 pm
mon: 10:00 am-5 pm
tues-sat: 10:00 am-6 pm

site last updated on sept. 26, 2012


   





 














this page was last updated
on march 24, 2011, and parts of the site are updated daily as items
sell
and are added.

 
since feb. 21, 2002, you are website visitor no.

free counters provided by andale.






   



thank you for visiting this
web site. our ecommerce site has moved here; click to go there; it is
now secure with a shopping cart, easy navigation and photos with each
listing: http://www.dkkdolls.com/store/index.html.
our listings are also
available here through our collectoronline section of tias site with
the 
photos and easy navigation, shopping cart and secure ordering at http://www.donnaskorner.com
to visit the family history and
photos site, go here:>http://www.dkkdolls.com/family/home.html












sheet
music plus for the world's largest selection of sheet music,
songbooks and guitar tabs.

thousands of pages of printable music on cd
sheet music disks at sheet music plus.
shop
amazon's gift cards - perfect anytime



to submit your site go here:
go to amazon for general and doll collecting reference books
at the following links:>
for
doll collecting books


 




for printing postage for packages and stamps, also macintosh
friendly click to go to endicia:>









powered by webring.




tjoos-16799005



this site is a member of webring.
to browse visit 
here.

