
























conmed corporation: surgical device & equipment manufacturing








































 










products





products


featured product categories

airseal & clinical insufflation


biliary & eus


biobrace


electrosurgical units


implants & suture anchors


smoke evacuation


surgical & medical instruments


surgical imaging


surgical power tools



other product categories

allograft cartilage & tissue


arthroplasty


biomedical sensors & electrodes


biopsy & polypectomy


dilation


fixation devices


hemostasis


infection prevention


patient positioning


resection, fluid management, & rf ablation


specimen bags








medical specialties





medical specialties



orthopedics and sports medicine


anesthesiology


bariatric surgery


colorectal surgery


dermatology


foot and ankle


gastroenterology (gi)


general surgery


gynecologic surgery


thoracic surgery


urologic surgery








medical education





medical education



medical education


blog


ce opportunities


clinical insights


meetings & events


video gallery


vrthroscopy™


webinars








service & support





service & support



service & support 


catalogs, ifus, & pils


product faqs


biomed training








why conmed





why conmed



why conmed


a history of innovation


environmental, social, & governance


supplier assurance


working with us











careers


investors


connect with sales









                                            some placeholder content for the collapse component. this panel is hidden by default but revealed when the user activates the relevant trigger.
                                            
















united states


albania
antigua and barbuda
argentina
aruba
australia
austria
bahamas
bahrain
barbados
belarus
belgium
belize
bolivia
bosnia
british virgin islands
bulgaria
canada
cayman islands
chile
columbia
costa rica
croatia
curacao
cyprus
czech republic
denmark
dominica
dominican republic
ecuador
egypt
el salvador
estonia
finland
germany
greece
grenada
guatemala
guyana
honduras
hungary
iceland
india
iraq
ireland
israel
italy
jamaica
japan
jordan
kenya
kuwait
latvia
lebanon
liechtenstein
lithuania
luxembourg
malta
mexico
netherlands
new zealand
nicaragua
north macedonia
norway
oman
panamá
paraguay
perú
poland
portugal
qatar
romania
saint kitts and nevis
saint lucia
saint vincent and the grenadines
saudi arabia
serbia
sint maarten
slovakia
slovenia
south africa
spain
surinam
sweden
switzerland
trinidad and tobago
tunisia
turkey
u.s. virgin islands
united arab emirates
united kingdom
united states
uruguay
venezuela
yemen



 english  (en)


en
es
ja
de




























                            you are about to be directed to a website maintained by another organization that is solely responsible for its content. as we cannot control the content, data security, or privacy practices of any third-party website, we encourage you to read the policies of every website you visit. 









go back
continue

















exceptional people.
exceptional outcomes.













                                request a demo
                            



                                solutions for specialties
                            



                                upcoming events
                            



                                blog for healthcare professionals
                            











driven by a shared mission


as a global medical technology company, we embrace a people-first culture that starts with a mission to support our healthcare partners and the patients they serve. we develop, manufacture, and sell surgical equipment for orthopedic, general, and gi surgery to medical institutions.





                                        why choose conmed
                                    












 

















featured surgical products


                            see the innovations that are trending in your specialty
                        

















                                airseal insufflation system
                            



                                gastroenterology
                            



                                orthopedics
                            



                                surgical smoke evaucation
                            



                                all product categories
                            











impact bottom line through reduced length of stay


becker's hospital review published an article highlighting c-suite leaders and their focus on the bottom line. we are helping facilities harness the power of stable pressure to increase procedural efficiency, reduce length of stay, and impact their cost of care with airseal® in robotic or traditional laparoscopic approaches.





                                        transform surgical efficiency and outcomes with airseal
                                    












 

















“if patients feel better after their operation, we’re able to send them home. if our recovery rooms are full, then we can’t move on to the next patient. so it helps the hospital and everyone overall if we can get the patients home faster.”













bahareh nejad, md
director of robotic surgery and clinical professor of obstetrics and gynecology










strengthen your repair, optimize your healing
unlike traditional implant materials that are either synthetic or biologic, biobrace® is a biocomposite of both. use for tendon, ligament, and cuff reinforcement.



                                        want to know more about biobrace@?
                                    












 












ultimate tension control
the argo knotless® suture anchor empowers users to adjust tension precisely, maintaining consistent suture tension from insertion to deployment. it's designed for effortless efficiency and optimized outcomes.



                                        learn more about argo knotless@













 




















tyler was pitching in a game when he landed awkwardly and heard a "pop"
his surgeon, dr. deryk jones, recommended cartimax® viable cartilage allograft in hopes of getting him back on the field.



                                        home
                                    












 












duraclip® hemostasis clips
duraclip® offers 46% higher compression force than the leading competitor.1 why does this matter?

offers the best change of closure for your patient and increases physician confidence that bleeding has stopped
more easily address large defects
may be used for "hold and drag" technique per physician discretion
aims to reduce post-op complications

in addition, achieve precise rotation of the clip, a smaller clip base that improves field of view, and simple one-step deployment. want resiliency and accuracy in your hemostasis clip? think duraclip®.

1 when comparing duraclip® 11mm to boston scientific revolution 360. data on file. pdd2324060.



                                    learn more
                                












 














maximize your control and navigation
with completecontrol™ sphincterotome, facilitate cannulation with a steerable tip. this can help reduce procedure time and patient complications.1-3 it's also great for rescue ercps and altered anatomy.



1 krutsri c, kida m, yamauchi h, iwai t, imaizumi h, koizumi w. current status of endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography in patients with surgically altered anatomy. world j gastroenterol. 2019 jul 14;25(26):3313-3333. doi: 10.3748/wjg.v25.i26.3313. pmid: 31341358; pmcid: pmc6639547.
2 köksal aş, eminler at, parlak e. biliary endoscopic sphincterotomy: techniques and complications. world j clin cases. 2018 dec 26;6(16):1073-1086. doi: 10.12998/wjcc.v6.i16.1073. pmid: 30613665; pmcid: pmc6306628.
3 zhu f, guan y, wang j. efficacy and safety of the rotatable sphincterotome during ercp in patients with prior billroth ii gastrectomy (with videos). surg endosc. 2021 aug;35(8):4849-4856. doi: 10.1007/s00464-021-08417-x. epub 2021 mar 17. pmid: 33733322.



                                        take control now
                                    












 
















“disruptive and novel, the steerable sphincterotome represents a cutting-edge technology.”













dr. sandeep patel 











gore® viabil® biliary endoprosthesis
a self-expanding fully-covered metal stent with anti-migration technology proven to minimize the risk of reintervention.1 besides a 25x reduction in migration rates1, gore® viabil® offers these other features:

optimal comfortability via low axial force and moderate radial force2-4
higher primary patency than the leading competitor5,6
non-foreshortening design for precise delivery*


* if deployed as instructed, the endoprosthesis will not appreciably foreshorten
1 w. l. gore & associates, inc; biliary fully covered metal stents systematic review of the clinical literature. flagstaff, az; 2019. [work plan]. wp111272.
2 isayama h, nakai y, toyokawa y, et al. measurement of radial and axial forces of biliary self-expandable metallic stents. gastrointestinal endoscopy 2009;70(1):37-44.
3 isayama h, mukai t, itoi t, et al. comparison of partially covered nitinol stents with partially covered stainless stents as a historical control in a multicenter study of distal malignant biliary obstruction: the watch study. gastrointestinal endoscopy 2012;76(1):84-92.
4 w. l. gore & associates, inc; radial force and bend stiffness characterization of biliary stents. flagstaff, az; 2012. [work plan]. wp103837.
5 krokidis m, fanelli f, orgera g, bezzi m, passariello r, hatzidakis a. percutaneous treatment of malignant jaundice due to extrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma: covered viabil stent versus uncovered wallstents. cardiovascular & interventional radiology 2010;33(1):97-106.
6 kitano m, yamashita y, tanaka k, et al. covered self-expandable metal stents with an anti-migration system improve patency duration without increased complications compared with uncovered stents for distal biliary obstruction caused by pancreatic carcinoma: a randomized multicenter trial. am j gastroenterol. 2013 nov;108(11):1713-22.



                                    more data on gore® viabil®













 














every breath matters
learn about the dangers of surgical smoke and see how it has impacted lives. take an engaging look at the data and envision the solution for surgical smoke management.
the choice is in your hands. nurses and surgical staff worldwide are taking a stand against exposure to surgical smoke. you can join them.



                                        every breath matters
                                    












 












partner with the leader in smoke management
conmed offers effective solutions tailored to your facility's smoke evacuation needs. since 1991, we’ve helped thousands of facilities begin their smoke-free journey - and we can help you, too.



                                    smoke evacuation
                                












 











our surgical equipment offerings:













airseal® and insufflation













allograft cartilage and tissue













arthroplasty













biliary & endoscopic ultrasound













biomedical sensors & electrodes













biopsy & polypectomy













dilators & accessories













electrosurgical units













fixation devices













hemostasis













implants & suture anchors













infection prevention













patient positioning













resection, fluid management, and ablation













smoke evacuation













specimen bags













surgical and medical instruments













surgical imaging













surgical power tools





















products
medical specialties
medical education
service & support
why conmed

























                            © 2025 conmed corporation. all rights reserved.
                            
                            the registered trademark symbol (®) is used to indicate that a mark is registered in the united states patent and trademark office. not all products are available in all markets. this website provides information regarding how to use conmed medical devices and instruments in surgical procedures. it is not medical advice and healthcare professionals should use their own professional judgment before using to treat a particular patient. healthcare professionals should be trained in the use of such devices before surgery and should always refer to the package insert, product label, and/or instructions for use, including the instructions for cleaning and sterilization (if applicable), before using any conmed product. 
                        



contact us
careers
locations
blog
events
policies
sitemap










