
















home | campus web services















      skip to main content
    
















search

search






 
 


 search 
 search 


 menu 
 menu 


















utility links


request a website 


request a site launch


ask for help


request a site cancellation






 
 







 home 
 home 


 close 
 close 






search

search








main navigation


home


website solutions


hosting partnerships


web consulting


arizona quickstart























home










 






our missionensure that it is easy and affordable for any group on campus to have a high-quality website that helps them meet their goals.













about campus web servicescampus web services is a team of designers and developers within the digital experiences technologies unit of uits. we offer two website building services - arizona sites and arizona faculty sites. we also offer a flexible website platform known as arizona quickstart, hosting services through pantheon and support for the arizona digital developer group.






 
web solutions for different needs


 







faculty & labs




showcase your research, professional achievements and highlight publications.










departments & centers




quickly build websites to showcase your strengths without needing a developer.










colleges & schools




work with us to build a website that leverages all of the university's shared assets.










development teams




empower your team to develop, test and deploy sites in half the time.













how we think about webwebsites are incredibly important to our university for attracting quality students and faculty, driving fundraising campaigns and engaging with wildcats on campus and around the world.the university of arizona strives to have high quality websites that support our reputation as a premier research i (r1) university and further our mission as a land-grant institution. 


image
 

















the hallmarks of a quality website

 





                      fast
                  
page speed is important to user experience. slow page speeds can negatively affect your search rankings. pantheon’s global content delivery network (cdn) increases conversions. advanced page caching from 40+ locations across the globe makes your site load faster than ever.







                      stable
                  
your website is only valuable when your users can get to it. unrivaled speed, uptime, and scalability make pantheon’s high performance hosting platform the best place to host drupal websites.







                      secure
                  
the challenge for security is that things are always changing. just because your website is secure today doesn't mean that it will be tomorrow. all of our sites receive timely security updates at all layers of the stack.







                      on brand 
                  
a strong brand is built on clear positioning, a great story and consistent action by its storytellers. the vitality that we all build into the arizona brand as its stewards will benefit the university well beyond our time here. our websites take advantage of the branding tools and digital assets that are available to keep up with a constantly improving brand.







                      accessible
                  
the university of arizona is committed to achieving full accessibility of all electronic and information technology to ensure equitable experiences for everyone.there are key elements to ensuring an accessible web experience for all users and all of our sites include them.  







                      responsive & well designed
                  
with 40% of users are accessing arizona.edu domains on their phones, all our websites are built to be fully responsive.well designed sites make desired actions easier and deliver your differentiating message along the way.all of our sites are created with frameworks that make this easy.













































 
arizona sitesarizona sites support new arizona site requestsite launch requestsite cancellation request arizona faculty sitesgeneral informationrequest arizona faculty sitearizona faculty sites supportcampus web servicesask for helpquickstart documentationsubdomain request formlogo request info




















we respectfully acknowledge the university of arizona is on the land and territories of indigenous peoples. today, arizona is home to 22 federally recognized tribes, with tucson being home to the o’odham and the yaqui. committed to diversity and inclusion, the university strives to build sustainable relationships with sovereign native nations and indigenous communities through education offerings, partnerships, and community service.
university information security and privacy
© 2025 the arizona board of regents on behalf of the university of arizona.














