

netta's shoulders research





















 














 












check out the new hotbot
tell 
      me when this page is updated













pardon our mess
we are currently under reconstruction so there may temporarily 
        be a few dead links. 
        please be patient.







 netta's 
                  
                  "shoulders research"
my name is netta mullin and i have been working on my shoulders research - worldwide, since 1988. during my quest i have met many interesting folks including mr. james blue with the henderson co. historical & genealogical society.   after learning all about the society, and the 1901 union station depot they were wanting to restore, i became a member. 
unfortunately, like every other shoulders  researcher, i can't get past malachi shoulders. malachi seems to be the  progenitor of all the shoulders family of middle tennessee and perhaps western  kentucky.  family oral history states  that malachi came from then bertie county, north carolina, about 1788, and  removed to smith county, tennessee.  he  first appears in the 1820 census records.

malachi built his family’s house in cothern  hollow of nickojack branch of peyton’s creek, about two miles southwest of pleasant  shade, tennessee.  the old house was of  heavy logs and was about 20 feet square, with a second story and a winding  stairway leading to the upper floor.  the  kitchen, also of logs, sat about 40 feet further down the little valley.  the chimney was of rough stones, largely  unhewn and laid in place by the hands of malachi himself.  it was a rather rough job, but it did the  work of carrying away the smoke.  the old  house is now gone (1955) but some of the chimney stones can still be seen.  calvin gregory, the editor of the times of  smith county, wrote this description of the house in one of his articles from “cal’s  column”.  calvin was raised in this  house in the early 1900s.  
malachi’s date of death is uncertain; he was  listed again in the 1830 census but his wife palley was listed as head of  household in the 1840 census.    

any information, no matter how brief, will be  greatly appreciated. i will be happy to assist other shoulders seekers in any  way that i can.  

i am passionate about my shoulders research and  hope the information contained here helps you in your research.  the links  below will guide you through my site. 
 
first generation
 malachi shoulders
second generation
john (jack) shoulders
levi shoulders
martha shoulders
thomas timberlake shoulders
abner shoulders
james shoulders
joseph shoulders
richard c. "dick" shoulders
william ira shoulders
lincoln (linc or link) shoulders


a special note! 

many thanks to bunny brown, bbnet designz, for all her work on the netta's shoulder research  site.  the content within these pages would not be possible without her talent, devotion and dedication.  she made my dream of having my own personal website become a reality. 
  




 

