







home | morrisson-reeves library






















































































  login to mrl account 765-966-8291
library@mrlinfo.org                                    search mrl catalog


  my library

 login to library account
search online catalog
get a library card
borrow library materials

 fines and fees
holds and ill requests


print from anywhere
computers – reserve a station
notary
sharing center


digital branch

 e-books + audiobooks
e-magazines
stream video
transparent language
online resources
inspire
world book online


library info

 faq
about mrl, board and staff
meeting rooms
employment at mrl
explore mrl

 strategic plan
art at mrl
history of mrl
library hours
library policies
map of main floor


museum passes
tax services


research

 book a librarian
ask a question
free meal and clothing resources
genealogy
local history

 biographies of locals
dalbey’s souvenir
famous visitors to w.c.
local history blog
lost richmond
revolutionary war patriots
richmond’s industrial heritage
singin’ sam
then and now


yearbooks – local
waynet.org community photo collection


youth

 reading challenge app – beanstack
children

 checkerstv
e-books for kids


teens
teachers and parents
summer reading program


technology

 reserve a computer
computer work station
check out tech devices
print from anywhere
technology classes
wifi
acceptable use policy


all mrl events

 all mrl events
book sales
kid’s programs
tax services
technology classes
teen programs


get involved

 friends of the library
online donation / memorial gift
donate items
book sales


printing
  menu   








   





 

















get a library card today
it’s free! access all of our library materials both in-house and digitally including e-books, movies, music, audiobooks, and e-resources. all you need is a library card.
stop by the library to get your card or sign up online here.






morrisson-reeves library’s building renovation
in november, 2024, mrl announced that it was beginning a comprehensive building masterplan ahead of an anticipated renovation of its building.
learn more


library events





please update your browser to view the iframe content.






use the libby app
borrow audiobooks, ebooks, magazines, and stream movies!
click to sign-up for an account.
need a little help? call us!
765-966-8291






registration for free tax service at mrl is open!

the service is offered by appointment only, no drop-ins.
call (513) 273-0901 to register for an appointment with a tax volunteers to get help filing your federal and state tax returns.











updates from mrl


by the numbers: how mrl served our community in 2024


achieve your 2025 goals with mrl


community forum #1 update


1989 christmas ornaments


renovation announcement


it's all at mrl!connecting people to...get a library cardanyone five years or older is eligible for a library card. a child must be accompanied by a parent or guardian with id.computers | print | copy | faxwi-fi and computer work stations are available throughout the library. send your files to the library for printing. also, you can copy and fax at mrl for a nominal fee.e-books and downloadablesborrow titles from our library 24/7. all you need is a library card and a pin# to start downloading e-books and audiobooksprograms for kids and teensyouth services offers programs for ages 0 – 18 years old. storytimes, pre-k learning, reading, crafts, s.t.e.a.m. cooking, escape rooms, gaming and much more.get your game on!checkout tabletop games from mrl. we have a vast variety of nearly 65 games. inquire at the main desk for details.community spaceswhether you need room for collaboration, or a venue to host an important event, you’ll find the right space at mrl.



since 1864, morrisson-reeves library has been a cornerstone in our community offering free and equal access to information, technology and infinite opportunities. stop in today to see the recent changes we have made to mrl.



read the latest library news!our blog 



 








posted on february 3, 2025
 /   

                    /  
josh imhoff



by the numbers: how mrl served our community in 2024

by the numbers: how morrisson-reeves library served our community in 2024 wow, what a year it’s been at morrisson-reeves library! we’ve been busy connecting our community with resources, programs, and technology. the numbers tell...


  return books


 read more  




 








posted on december 31, 2024
 /   

                    /  
josh imhoff



achieve your 2025 goals with mrl

the start of a new year often brings a renewed sense of purpose. maybe you’re eager to explore new hobbies, learn a new skill, or simply relax and unwind. whatever your goals may be,...


  return books


 read more  




 








posted on december 18, 2024
 /   

                    /  
josh imhoff



community forum #1 update

community forum #1 update during the week of december 9, 2025, morrisson-reeves library hosted two community forum sessions regarding the comprehensive building masterplan and proposed library building renovations. to view the full recording of...


  renovation


 read more  
 1864the year we opened 93000titles in the collection8500movies on dvd 45library staff













 














morrisson-reeves library
mon. - thurs.  |  9:30 am to 8:00 pm
friday  |  9:30 am to 6:00 pm
saturday  |  9:30 am to 4:00 pm
click for holiday hours.


contact 80 north 6th street
richmond, indiana 47374 (765) 966-8291 fax: (765) 962-1318  library@mrlinfo.orgfollow us                                    subscribe sign-up for e-newsletter and reading recommendations
search our catalog


copyright © mrl  |  staff login



my library
digital branch
privacy


































we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it and you agree to our privacy policy.oknoprivacy policy


