   north valley baptist church - santa clara, ca        abouthistorycalendarpastorstaffconferenceswhat we
 believebible way to heaven visit us thinking about a visit? schedule driving
 directions what to
 expect ministriesadult sunday schoolbus ministryspanishchurch musicyouth
 ministrychildrenother
 ministries medialive
 servicesarchived servicesknvbcrevival timepodcastsappsvideoswallpaperscontactgive
 online    search other sites   golden state baptist college    knvbc revival radio    north valley publications    north valley baptist schools   help4today    nvbc.tv    bus ministry works    revival time radio broadcast     search        welcome to north valley baptist church plan a visit  watch video                                 what's new at nvbc  soul-winning and bus conference 2025don’t miss out on this opportunity to improve your soul-winning skills at our upcoming event with pastor ezequiel salazar from ontario, ca! enjoy breakfast and a full lunch while gaining valuable insights and resources to take home with you. register now to secure your spot! register now   support the media ministry of nvbcfor $125 or more you can support knvbc and receive a knvbc stainless steel vacuum bottle! partner with us as we attempt to raise $70,000 to support the online ministries of nvbc! donate today   40th annual national pastors’ and workers’ conferencejoin us for the 40th annual national pastors’ and workers’ conference, march 2-5, 2025! mark your calendars now to be a part of our biggest conference yet. visit the conference website for more details. visit the website   new knvbc app on apple tvthe knvbc app is now available on apple tv! be encouraged and enjoy easy access to 24/7 christ-honoring christian music, programming, sermons, and broadcasts right from your tv. download today   daily helpful videospastor jack trieber shares a brief video each weekday that will be a help and encouragement in your christian walk. you can subscribe on youtube or any other social platform and watch on a daily basis at your convenience. more info   golden state baptist collegegolden state baptist college exists to train the next generation of christian servants. browse our website to learn more about this incredible place. learn more   view the
 calendarlisten to recent sermons   sunday pm - february 16, 2025  dr. jack trieber 2/16/25 | sun pm     sunday am - february 16, 2025  dr. jack trieber 2/16/25 | sun am     the church  dr. jack trieber 2/12/25 | wed pm     precious moments  bro. jerry whitlow 2/9/25 | sun pm     the counterfeit christian  bro. jerry whitlow 2/9/25 | sun am     deceived  dr. jack trieber 2/5/25 | wed pm     walking with god  dr. jack trieber 2/2/25 | sun pm    all
 sermonshelp for todaynew ideas and encouranging thoughts pulling the weeds  3 days ago   john evertson  a deep, abiding love  3 days ago   john evertson  disappointed love: staying on fire for god despite life’s obstacles  5 days ago   john evertson  revival timewith pastor trieber listen now   knvbc24/7 conservative christian music listen now  service timessundaysunday school 9:45ammorning service 10:30amevening service 6:00pmwednesdaymidweek service 6:30pmlocation3530 de la cruz blvd  santa clara, california 95054we're on instagram follow us  pastor trieber‘s weekly video update for “i lo     and i owe it all to you, lord! north valley baptis     only 25 days left! don't miss the spirit-filled si    our i love my church bucket fundraisers continued        load more...        follow on instagram      subscribe and stay up to datesubscribe to our emails to get periodic updates and to learn about upcoming events, special giveaways, and helpful articles.   sign up north valley baptist church3530 de la cruz blvd. santa clara, california 95054(408) 988-8881 info@nvbc.orgconnect with us   give onlineabouthistorycalendarpastorstaffconferenceswhat we
 believebible way to heavenvisit usthinking about a visit?what to
 expectdriving directionsscheduleministriesadult sunday schoolbus
 ministryspanishchurch musicyouth
 ministrychildrenother
 ministriesmedialive
 servicesarchived servicesknvbcrevival timepodcastsappsvideoswallpapers©  north valley baptist church. all rights reserved.      