


beyond dreams


boston music scene







simplifying life.


—


jeff's next venture! specializing in international scripts and music notation fonts, along with building font design tools, consulting, and teaching.
his typeface design business
slanted hall also has an
occasionally updated blog.
check out the
1403 vintage mono pro
typeface specimen. the font was inspired by the 1960s era
ibm 1403 mainframe line printer.

follow @slantedhall
follow @composerjk








jeff kellem's concert photography.





where
jeff
worked for 10 2/3 years, helping build an
awesome company! :-)
tellme was acquired by microsoft in may 2007.
 
develop your own voice application using
voicexml via
tellme studio.
it's as easy as writing a web page in html. :-)
rip tellme studio (free access). 14 june 2000 - 27 may 2011.

and, rip 1-800-555-tell (1-800-555-8355)
(or
#121 voiceinfo on at&t wireless).
it was the free service you call to reach the people, businesses, and
information you need every day.  movie showtimes and tickets, wakeup calls,
news, stock quotes, sports scores, horoscopes, airlines, weather,
traffic reports, lottery results, taxis, and more . . .






 — the academy of danse libre is a 501(c)3 nonprofit vintage dance performance troupe. recreating social dances from the 1840s to the 1930s in full period costume.
jeff performed with them from 2006 through 2015, also designing programs and posters for our theatrical shows.
check out danse libre's youtube channel and become a fan of danse libre on facebook.

follow @danselibre




dancecircle.org — social partner dancing in the bay area (and beyond).



— erin kellem's photography. also, check out the fabulous woolworth walk art gallery in asheville, north carolina.


read daniel kellem's technostology blog.




carl kellem's obituary — after a battle with cancer, carl passed on sunday, 13 august 2006.



— makers of a cool 
access control door, created by carl kellem.  u.s. patent number 5,845,692.










— a groovy, funk rock, turned trip-hop sorta band based in san francisco that 
jeff used to play keyboards with.
he played on the
to play is to win cd. here's the band's facebook page. also, check out d.e. levison and nic mcfiendish's music and sound design company harmony machine. bergen moore, another member of zonk plays some fun gypsy jazz with the vignes rooftop revival in los angeles, california.







— a fun, quirky, power-pop, punk band.  some old friends of mine.


zabava izvorno — a traditional macedonian dance music band.  awesome kaval player, rich, a good friend of mine, plays with this group.









— awesome pianos!  their uprights play better than any other upright piano,
almost like a grand.  here's the
journey that led to getting one
of their phenomenal upright pianos.







custom puzzle craft — an awesome handcrafted wooden jugsaw puzzle maker.  see puzzles he made for
jeff.





selfpromotion.com — a great way to promote your web site and register it with search engines and indexes; lots of good advice and tips.



nasa spaceflight status reports



steve roberts' microship lab updates




