


alec's evolution pages with scientific evidence for evolution and refutations of creationist arguments
















































this site
contains essays and
articles which present some of the
scientific evidence for evolution. it also contains refutations and
critiques of creationist arguments and creationism.
check out our
links
and
resources



welcome
to evolution pages

 

taking
the side of science in the evolution
v creation
debate






guy 
            berthault refuted







reply 
            to wieland - no biblical eve in science







support 
            for big bang theory







rebuttal 
            of creationist open letter








cmb anistropy in false colour. 
            reported  on-line here












 
michael
ruse essay: 'teach science and nothing more' in science
classes



the 
            errors of geocentrism








 rebuttal 
            of cardinal schönborn


















   


search the site



guy berthault's 
            work: revolutionary geology 
            or extravagant hubris?
 - go 
            here



contact
me










recent
science publications




a 
                        different kind of transitional
carsonella 
                        rudii, a bacterium that lives in symbiosis in the cells of 
                        a certain kind of plant-sap drinking insect,  is so reduced and so
utterly dependent on its host nuclear genome that it can be regarded as
a transition between a symbiont and an organelle (like mitochondria). it is a genuine transitional on its way from bacterium to
organelle. never let creationists tell you that there are no
transitionals.  go here to see 
                        the full story




fossil 
                        of fish to amphibian transition  discovered
 
an 
                        excellent set of fossils that cover the transition of 
                        water dwelling fish to modern tetrapods already exist, but 
                        a new find, tiktaalik roseae, shows some remarkable transitional 
                        features such as robust front limbs fringed by fin rays 
                        instead of digits.
 
one 
                        particular gap has been between  the middle devonian 
                        eusthenopteron, a fish with some transitional features 
                        and the earliest known tetrapods, acanthostega and 
                        icthyostega. tiktaalik, dated at 382 million years ago, falls 
                        into this gap, and shows many more transitional features, 
                        including robust fins that are capable of supporting 
                        the body, transitional patterning of the bones of the 
                        pectoral 
                        fin, a spine and ribcage capable of supporting the weight 
                        of the animal and significant features in the skull 
                        such as loss of the gill cover and a longer snout.
 
daeschler 
                        et al, nature 440, 757–763 (2006). 
shubin 
                        et al, nature 440, 764–771 (2006). 




anatomically 
                        modern humans from kibish oldest known
 
the 
                        omo i and omo ii specimens from kibish etiopia were 
                        discovered in 1967.  dating them has proven difficult, 
                        although for many years a tentative date of 130,000 
                        years bp made them the oldest known anatomically modern 
                        humans.
 
now 
                        , in nature 433, 733 - 736 (2005), mcdougall et al use 
                        new  data from sapropels in the kibish formation 
                        to put an age on these specimens of 195 ± 5 kyr, extending 
                        the age of anatomically modern humans back a further 
                        40,000 years beyond the herto specimens
 
go 
                        here for the abstract




amazing 
                        new human species found - dwarf human on flores
 

in 
                        nature 431, 1055 - 1061, brown et al report the amazing 
                        discovery of a new  hominin, a tiny human that 
                        stood only a metre high, and that appears to have lived 
                        as recently as 18,000 years ago on the indonesian island 
                        of flores..it has a combination of primitive and derived 
                        features that assign it to a new species, homo floresiensis.
 
go 
                        here for the abstract.




study 
                        of archaeopteryx brain and inner ear confirm they are 
                        transitional between dinosaurs and modern birds
 

 
in 
                        nature 430, 666 - 669, (2004), alonso et al) study the 
                        brain and inner ear of archaeopteryx. they find that 
                        the brain and ear lie midway between that of dinosaurs 
                        and birds.  they report that : 'birds with the same body mass as archaeopteryx have from 
                        one third to five 
times bigger brains. however, the brain of archaeopteryx is about three times 
the volume of those of non-avian reptiles of equivalent size.'
 
also 
                        data is presented in graphic form that shows that 
                        archaeopteryx semicircular 
canals have a form that is midway between dinosaurs and birds
 
 





archive
of  news items





click here to go to archive















guy 
            berthault is hailed by the yec community who claim that his work 
            on sedimentation undermines modern geology and the idea of an old 
            earth. go here for a rebuttal.





















carl wieland published 
an article on 'answers in genesis' claiming that the miitochondrial eve concept supported a literal 
biblical eve dated at 6,500 years ago. he is wrong and i pointed that out in 
            this article. he responded 
            to this with a reply of his own.  go 
            here 
            to see why carl wieland is misinformed about the science and mistaken 
            in his conclusion.  the mitochondrial eve concept does not 
            support the bible. now updated.

























christoph schönborn, cardinal of the catholic church, and archbishop 
of vienna, has been causing controversy amongst the faithful and non-catholics 
alike since his article supporting the intelligent design movement and attacking 
the biological theory of evolution was published in the new york times. he has now published an article, ‘the 
designs of science’,
 in which he seeks to clarify and expand 
the new york times piece. go here for a rebuttal


























observations 
            support big bang cosmology
 
third 
            year data from the wilkinson microwave anisotropy probe have been 
            published. these data support the standard model of cosmology extremely 
            well, with detailed support for a cold dark matter model with flat 
            or nearly flat universe, and a cosmological constant-like dark 
            energy. inflation is strongly supported. the signature of gravity 
            waves was not detected but not ruled out. go 
            here





















"
there
is grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers, having been
originally breathed into a few forms or into one; and that, whilst this
planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of gravity, from so
simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and most wonderful have
been, and are being, evolved." - the origin of species, charles
darwin












with these
inspiring words, charles darwin concluded his book, 'the origin of
species', and from that date in 1859, nothing in science would ever be the
same again. darwin's concept of natural selection was the keystone in an
edifice which explains the diversity and nested relationships of
species.  it is a beautiful and powerful concept, and, as the famous
biologist theodosius dobzhansky
said:
"nothing in biology makes sense except in the light of
evolution"

fundamentalists are
opposed to neo-darwinism, and supporting sciences such as geology,
cosmology, and palaeontology, because:


    they contradict the literal account of creation in the
bible


    they disprove the notion that the earth is young - many
creationists think it is only 6,500 to 10,000 years old


    they suggest that mankind is ultimately descended
from non-humans


    they directly debunk the story of a global
flood


    they dispense with a need for supernatural intervention
to explain the origin and diversity of life on earth

young earth creationists,
finding their opinion opposed by the scientific evidence at every turn,
and unable to make progress in the scientific debate, have attempted
to engage the general public in their aim to introduce non-science into
the teaching of science in schools.

more recently, a new
movement called intelligent design has emerged.  it is more
sophisticated than young earth creationism, although it relies on
arguments that have been discredited for more than a century.
 its adherents do not all subscribe to a young earth, but they all
suggest that life is designed by what they call  the intelligent
designer (which is a thinly veiled description of god).

the fact of evolution
(that organisms change over time and that new species emerge as other go
extinct) has been known for over 150 years.  the mechanism by which
that happens is described by the theory of evolution.  there is
a vast quantity of scientific evidence in support of neo-darwinism, the
modern theory of evolution,  although there is much still to be
learned.

this site contains
essays and articles
presenting some of the scientific evidence for
evolution as well as criticisms of creationist arguments.  it also
contains links
to other relevant sites on the web and references
to
scientific resources
like books on relevant science
















another new book 
            criticising intelligent design
edited by john 
            brockman, with essays from many leading scientists: "intelligent 
            thought; science versus the intelligent design movement" ' isbn 0307277224












“an 
            evolutionary understanding of the human condition, far from being 
            incompatible with a moral sense, can explain why we have one.”  - steven 
            pinker
"evolutionary 
            biology certainly hasn't explained everything that perplexes biologists, 
            but intelligent design hasn't yet tried to explain anything at all" 
            - daniel dennett.
















i am keen to add
additional high quality material to the site.  if you have written
something that you think would fit into this site's content and style,
please submit it
here
.   (i
cannot guarantee to publish it, of course)
























































 subscribe to my mailing list

enter your e-mail
address

and i'll e-mail
you when new material is added





 




 subscribe | unsubscribe






















 



































disclaimer





 

page last updated: 24 november 
2007

 







the evolution education site
ring
this site ring is owned by
john stear






































sitering by
bravenet.com









copyright © evolutionpages.com 2003 - 2006 - all rights 
reserved












