

















department of psychology





























 











×






global search
search box






search button









skip to main content
skip to local navigation










    popular links  

programs of study
eclass
email
faculty & staff
financial services
libraries
directory

 search



 


department of psychology

faculty of health









future students
undergraduate program

advising
courses
degree requirements
certificates
concentrations
student success
psychology forms and templates
research opportunities for undergraduates


graduate program
faculty & research

research labs
research ethics
urpp participants
urpp  researchers information 2024-2025
research opportunities for undergraduates
faculty research and teaching interests


people

decolonizing, equity, diversity and inclusion (dedi)


 

                apply                



              contact              













department of psychology






psychology is the scientific study of mind and behaviour viewed from social, developmental, clinical, and biological perspectives.
york’s psychology program was ranked among the top 100 (#75) psychology programs in the world and 4th in canada by shanghairanking’s global ranking of academic subjects 2024. macleans magazine has listed psychology as one of york’s “standout” programs.
york’s undergraduate programs (ba and bsc) offer the largest and most diverse selection of courses of any university in canada. we provide learning opportunities and research experiences in all areas of psychology including developmental and social psychology, clinical and counselling psychology, behavioural and cognitive neuroscience, history of psychology, statistics and quantitative methods, writing in psychology and critical thinking. we offer concentrations in all these areas, and we offer certificates in counselling and mental health and in quantitative methods. our professors research a wide variety of topics ranging from personality, memory, learning, intelligence, motivation, psychological disorders, biological basis of behaviour, bullying, perception, empathy, cognition, culture, child development, quantitative methods, and much, much more.
we offer classroom instruction during the day and also have online and evening classes available, which many of our students find to be a great option for busy daily schedules. there are on-line and blended course opportunities as well as experiential learning in so many different off-campus settings, from local schools to community clinics and even the local zoo.
we also offer a joint york/seneca certificate in rehabilitation services that prepares undergraduate students to work in a variety of rehabilitation fields by integrating academic training in health sciences, and practical field experience.
dr. alistair p. mappchair




search



psychology links

choose psychology at yorku
career options in psychology
york university psychology clinic
resource center - hebb lab
student counselling services
faculty resources
undergraduate psychology student association
black students in psychology

york’s psychology program was ranked among the top 100 (#75) psychology programs in the world and 4th in canada by shanghairanking’s global ranking of academic subjects 2024. 

   read more on york university psychology department  certificates and concentrations.





programs of study





undergraduate program





graduate program




what you see isn’t always what you get








how to reach us
for contact information, academic advising, and general inquiries, please visit the contact page.



contact us








discover more


faculty resources for department of psychology


history of psychology department at york


undergraduate psychology students' association


calumet college






connect with york university


facebook
twitter
youtube
flickr
















keele, glendon and markham campus
contact
(416) 736-2100
campus maps




community safety
privacy & legal
accessibility
careers














