




innovative solutions for higher productivity















































































































































currently selected site




stäubli in asia










languages available






en




















europe
americas
asia and middle east
africa and oceania









austria | en | de
belgium | en | fr | nl
bulgaria | en | bg
czech republic | en | cs
denmark | en
estonia | en
finland | en










france | en | fr
germany | en | de
greece | en
hungary | en | hu
italy | en | it
luxembourg | en | fr
netherlands | en | nl










norway | en
poland | en | pl
portugal | en | pt
romania | en | ro
serbia | en | sr
slovakia | en | sk
slovenia | en | sl










spain | en | es
sweden | en
switzerland | en | de | fr
united kingdom | en




















argentina | en
bolivia | en
brazil | en | br
chile | en
colombia | en











ecuador | en
mexico | en
peru | en
united states | en
venezuela | en


























bangladesh | en
china | en | 简体中文
hong kong sar | en | 繁體中文
india | en
indonesia | en | id










israel  | en
japan | en | ja
pakistan | en
singapore | en
south korea | en | 한국어










taiwan (chinese taipei) | en | 繁體中文
thailand | en | th
turkey | en | tk
uzbekistan | en
vietnam | en | vn























australia | en
egypt | en
morocco | en  | fr
south africa | en














































        stäubli in asia
    
your partner in precision engineering solutions















        stäubli worldwide
    
learn more about the stäubli group


stäubli group















previous



next



pause



play



stäubli in france
group teaser



























stäubli group

        an international group with a passion for innovation
    
stäubli is a global industrial and mechatronic solution provider with four dedicated divisions: electrical connectors, fluid connectors, robotics and textile, serving customers who aim to increase their productivity in many industrial sectors. stäubli currently operates in 28 countries, with agents in 50 countries on four continents. its global workforce of 6,000 shares a commitment to partnering with customers in nearly every industry to provide comprehensive solutions with long-term support. originally founded in 1892 as a small workshop in horgen/zurich, switzerland, today stäubli is an international group headquartered in pfäffikon, switzerland.


stäubli group

















        electrical connectors
    
















        fluid connectors
    





















        robotics
    
















        textile
    






































in a nutshell




a passion for innovation















learn more





















our divisions




innovative solutions for higher productivity










        electrical connectors
    






















reliable, safe and durable solutions










        fluid connectors
    






















advanced connection solutions for every industry










        robotics
    






















robotic solutions for industrial applications










        textile
    






















orchestrate your entire weaving process




























success stories




how our solutions have benefited customers around the world





all
electrical connectors
fluid connectors
robotics
textile








        arcadia aerospace industries - non-destructive testing
    
the result is a turnkey solution from a single source that not only meets all requirements, but can also be used flexibly for different test procedures.



















        production of sensor modules 
    
the production of sensor modules for diesel engines requires highly sophisticated automation solutions capable of handling ultra-miniaturized components. at its bamberg, germany plant, bosch is working to meet this challenge with high-precision robots and an intelligent service strategy.
















        qcc powers
    
the danish capital copenhagen aims to become one of the first climate neutral cities in the world.






















        committed to sustainability with stäubli
    
find out how the sx pro jacquard machine supports les tissages de charlieu in their mission to prove the effectiveness and profitability of sustainable development in textile production. 















        flexible, automated filling of syringes under aseptic conditions
    
in automatic filling and closing of ready-to-use syringes and cartridges, the trend is towards ever smaller batches. a new filling and closing machine in which a stäubli stericlean robot operates in an aseptic environment provides the necessary degree of flexibility.





























        qcc powers a new fleet of zero-emission electric ferries in copenhagen
    
the danish capital copenhagen aims to become one of the first climate neutral cities in the world. a new fleet of zero-emission electric harbor buses transports passengers across the iconic sea front and is autonomously charged during stops. with stäublis autonomous quick charging connector qcc, charging cycles of just 6 minutes can be realized in the challenging harbor environment to support the city on its way to a zero-emission future.


















        pv roof on cycle path
    
in a pilot project, the first solar cycle path roofing was put into operation in the southern german city of freiburg.
















        xi'an, ptd solution
    
powerful contact elements for innovative switch gears of x’ian xd high voltage apparatus
























        akasol
    
reliable connectors for high-performance battery systems in e-mobility.


















        kosf, smart factory solution
    
modular connection system for modular cubes of smart factory solution



















read more






















        jac - automotive
    
stäubli’s quick couplings, multi couplings and mps systems have made jac’s manufacturing process more efficient and reliable. 





















        psa - e-mobility
    
psa singapore is constructing a new mega port at tuas featuring totally automated terminal operations.
















        arcadia aerospace industries - non-destructive testing
    
the result is a turnkey solution from a single source that not only meets all requirements, but can also be used flexibly for different test procedures.






















        coolit - electronics cooling
    
coolit chooses the flush-face technology of stäubli quick-connect couplings for data center cooling.


















        cincinnati test systems - leak testing – industrial machinery
    
cincinnati test systems relies on stäubli to design highly repeatable leak-tight components to build their instruments and test systems.



















read more






















        production of sensor modules 
    
the production of sensor modules for diesel engines requires highly sophisticated automation solutions capable of handling ultra-miniaturized components. at its bamberg, germany plant, bosch is working to meet this challenge with high-precision robots and an intelligent service strategy.



















        flexible, automated filling of syringes under aseptic conditions
    
in automatic filling and closing of ready-to-use syringes and cartridges, the trend is towards ever smaller batches. a new filling and closing machine in which a stäubli stericlean robot operates in an aseptic environment provides the necessary degree of flexibility.
















        picking and skewering
    
at its production facility in morahalom, hungary, beltaste n.v. mass-produces kebabs. what makes this factory so special is the unique, fully automated pick & skewer line which exemplifies “food processing 4.0” - the fourth generation of manufacturing technology. 


















        first robotic platform for surgical assistance
    
rosa® technology is an fda-approved, next-generation surgical robot in use at more than 200 hospitals. developed by surgeons for surgeons, zimmer biomet’s robotics technology, complete with an integrated navigation platform, has assisted in numerous surgeries around.
















        more momentum in roll transport thanks to agvs
    
in herma's halls, huge rolls of paper are transported and transferred without interruption, fully automatically and with maximum precision

















read more



















        committed to sustainability with stäubli
    
find out how the sx pro jacquard machine supports les tissages de charlieu in their mission to prove the effectiveness and profitability of sustainable development in textile production. 



















        fraas – accessories and scarves
    
scarves producer v. fraas gmbh relys on agile stäubli solutions for a diversified range.
















        têxteis penedo – home textile
    
household and hotel textile manufacturer benefits from great flexibility offered by a large number of hooks in stäubli jacquard machines.





















        textielmuseum – tapestry
    
a new jacquard installation with the large-format stäubli lxl jacquard machine and an end-to-end harness at textielmuseum offers new creative weaving possibilities to artists and designers.
















        hof university – composite material
    
hof university of applied sciences is renowned in the world of material development and working with stäubli’s weaving system for composite fabrics.

















read more


































digital showroom

        stäubli home of innovation
    
the stäubli home of innovation (hoi) showcases our innovative technologies in a multi-dimensional virtual experience and offers visitors a special opportunity to get to know our four divisions: electrical connectors, fluid connectors, robotics and textile.
start the journey now by accessing our digital showroom with the link below. 


enter here
































news feed




news from the world of stäubli




























social media




stäubli group on social media













linkedin





















customer portal

        mystäubli portal
    
the mystäubli portal makes your life easier and gives you access to all the information you need whenever you want in one place.


mystäubli





























        vacancies
    
start your career with stäubli


opportunities





























fast moving technology




















electrical connectors


industries 


products


training and services 


success stories


downloads
















fluid connectors


industries


products 


success stories


white papers


downloads
















robotics


industries


products


services & training


success stories


downloads
















textile


products


spare parts


customer support


success stories
















about us


how we are


our solutions


sustainability 


success stories


home of innovation


news & media


open positions























copyright @ 2025 stäubli international ag. all rights reserved.








data protection policy | cookies | imprint


























