











the performing arts center at purchase college






























































skip to content









instagramfacebookyoutubeemail 



 









			the performing arts center, purchase college | experience something real 		













search site
search events only


search for:








the pac homecontact usjoin email listevents & ticketsevents & ticketscalendarsubscriptionschamber music subscriptiondance series subscriptionhealth and safetybox officediscountsgroup saleseducation & engagementarts-in-education 2024-2025arts-in-ed booking inquirythe pac in your living roompac-tvnational youth ensemblesjazz @ the centerdance 2021coffee hour conversationsbringing backstage forwardfor teachers & familiescurated content: kids & familiesresources for teachers and parentsfacility rentalsrental policiestheatrespepsico theatretech packetrecital halltech packetrepertory theatretech packetconcert halltech packetauxiliary spacestheatre seating chartsbehind the scenes blogabout the paccontact ushealth and safetytheatresjoin email listjobsdirectionslost and foundprivacy policydonatesupportcorporate givingplanned givingvolunteersearch






search site
search events only


search for:











 




 







rubberband | march 1
 
							
get tickets 
							 




the string queens | march 8
 
							
get tickets 
							 




goodnight moon & the runaway bunny | march 16
 
							
get tickets 
							 





 








experience
experience something real. each year, the performing arts center at purchase college presents a season of performances by world-class professional artists, offering chamber music, jazz, popular music, contemporary dance, and family programming. click the heading or photo to get tickets and learn more about upcoming events at the purchase pac.


engage
through our education & engagement programs, the performing arts center at purchase college is committed to providing a fully immersive, educational arts experience for all ages. click the heading or photo above to learn more.


facility rentals
the purchase pac’s theatres, lobby areas, and support spaces are available as facility rentals for high-quality musical recordings, technical rehearsals, film and tv shoots, and community events. our spaces can be adapted in a myriad of ways to suit your needs. click the heading or photo to learn more.


give
keep the arts and your home for extraordinary experiences thriving! make a 100% tax-deductible donation today. click the heading or photo to make your gift today.
 



the pac news & notes

fall in love with the paul taylor dance company
(january 21, 2025) the purchase pac will present the paul taylor dance company on valentine’s day, february 14, 2025, at 8pm. a true icon of american modern dance, the paul taylor dance company is one of the great dance companies of the world, pushing forth the legacy of modern dance choreographer paul taylor since its founding in 1954. his works continue to move audiences to this day, lending them new perspectives on the joy, pain, humor, and tragedy that bind us together. read the press release.  get tickets.
we're the best in westchester!
 we’re humbled and grateful that the performing arts center, purchase college was selected by the readers of westchester magazine as “best theatre (professional)” in westchester county. learn more about best of westchester here. 
2024-2025 opening night 
(september 5, 2024) the purchase pac’s 2024-2025 season kicked off on friday, september 27, at 7:30pm with a concert featuring the orpheus chamber orchestra and pianist garrick ohlsson, whose musical journey began right here in westchester. read or download the full press release here. 
the purchase pac 2024-2025 season
(june 25, 2024) the performing arts center, purchase college will present a full season of world-class performing arts events starting in september of 2024 and running through may 2025. the professional presenting season features a broad range of events including familiar audience favorites, purchase alumni, innovative emerging artists, and opportunities for creative encounters and engagement. read or download the season press release here.
the purchase pac awarded $40,000 from the new york state council on the arts
(january 5, 2024) we are thrilled to announce that we are starting this new year having received some wonderful news that will go a long way toward supporting our plans for the future – we have been awarded a $40,000 grant from the new york state council on the arts (nysca), as part of an initiative to support the nonprofit arts and culture sector. through new york state’s continued investment in arts and culture, nysca has awarded over $80 million since spring 2023 to over 1,500 artists and organizations across the state. you can read the press release announcing the award by clicking here.
about the purchase pac for over forty years, the performing arts center, purchase college (the purchase pac), a four-theatre complex located on the campus of purchase college, suny, has been the hub of a creative community that brings together internationally acclaimed artists, rising stars, creative practitioners, and an inspirational array of loyal patrons and friends in a celebration of the performing arts. it is this mix of artistry and friendship that has forged the purchase pac’s legacy as the apex of the performing arts in our region – and it is the same bond that sustains us. learn more about the purchase pac.

 


 

our sponsors






 
 





 

 the purchase pac
735 anderson hill road
purchase, ny 10577
admin office: 914-251-6222
box office: 914-251-6200
center@purchase.edu

 


recent blog posts


culture picks: february 2025


culture picks: january 2025


culture picks: december 2024


5 questions for edgar meyer


 

 the purchase pac
is located
on the campus
of purchase college, suny.
https://www.purchase.edu/
 

 

 
 
 





		the performing arts center, purchase college |  site map | privacy policy | dev by : digital arts media services 


instagramfacebookyoutubeemail
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link



























































































