



























alan ayckbourn's official website













homenewswhat's onblogtalkssocial mediaresourcesayckbourn in archiveunseen ayckbournfaqadminsearchpress/mediacontactlifecareerthe playsencyclopaediainterviews/articlespublicationsscarborough

















welcome to alan ayckbourn's official website
button label

sir alan ayckbourn is an olivier and tony award winning playwright. he lives in scarborough, north yorkshire, and has written 91 full-length plays, many of which have been produced in london's west end and new york as well as around the world.as an acclaimed director, he has worked extensively in the west end and at the national theatre. he was the artistic director of the stephen joseph theatre, scarborough, from 1972 to 2009, where the majority of his work has and continues to be launched.the website is administered by the playwright's archivist simon murgatroyd and offers an indispensable guide to his plays and career. at more than 3,000 pages, it is the most comprehensive and in-depth resource dedicated to alan ayckbourn."ayckbourn is quintessentially a man of the theatre, and simon murgatroyd'sachievement has been to celebrate and annotate that for posterity." (the stage)

news / what's on


encyclopaedia



the plays


interviews



life


articles



career


publications









administrator



faqs



all material within this website © haydonning ltd, 2002 - 2025, all rights reserved. portrait © andrew higgins. contact the website.



button label



button label





button label



button label













all material © haydonning ltd, 2002 - 2022, all rights reserved, except where explicitly stated. do not reproduce without written consent of the copyright holder. portrait of alan ayckbourn © andrew higgins. contact the website



this website neither collects nor stores personal data. whilst the website host may use cookies to analyse information on site performance and usage to ensure the best experience on this website, this information is anonymised so that no user-identifying information is shared
dismiss




