


digital wireless keweenaw























    
	digital wireless keweenaw
	
  
business, technology, and the business of technology.





saturday, february 02, 2013



	 
	 w0o7!
	 
    


the blog still exists!



posted by james at 8:36 pm
0 comments






monday, september 03, 2007



	 
	 non-tech
	 
    


even the sun needs to rebootsent via blackberry by at&t



posted by james at 7:55 pm
0 comments






wednesday, may 17, 2006



	 
	 day twoish
	 
    


today was the first island stop; it was nassau the capital of the bahamas. one big recommendation would be to have things planned in advance. otherwise you might end up on an island wanting to walk around and check out the shops and find out that they are closed for the first two hours of your excursion. um… yeah. so after a frustrating bit of time, we hooked up with a taxi tour of the island for $25 per person. it was a bit spendy but it lasted a good 2 hours and gave a robust picture of life of the bahamians. overall they, as a people, are doing well, and have some of the same problems that we do. most memorably are their troubles with illegal immigration.    tonight we are looking forward to the first formal night. we will be attending the captain’s cocktail party and then the captain’s welcome dinner. we will be seated around 8:30 for the dinner and i assume it will take about an hour and a half. the next scheduled event for us starts at midnight, a comedy show – and i’m not sure what will pass the time until then.   also, probably thanks to being all formal tonight – i received my graduation present a year early, a new chronometer. my old timex must have taken a lickin’ somewhere, because occasionally it would take a union five. my new watch matches our wedding rings and wasn’t anymore expensive then what i was eyeballing at j.c. penny’s.   (..all things are going exceptionally well… no ferrets on the boat and the food is so good and available that we all are eating an additional meal or two each day. we haven’t been spending a lot of time in our room, but there is a good selection of tv channels and pay per view movies.)



posted by james at 10:48 pm
0 comments






sunday, may 07, 2006



	 
	 chronicles of a lampoon vacation.  3 couples on one vacation.
	 
    


zero day. flights go off without a hitch, the new puddle jumpers that provide service from the u.p. to all destinations civilized are nicer and faster. the equipment now employs jet engine technology instead of turbo prop. the ride to minneapolis was only an hour, with a three hour layover there. we ate a good breakfast and visited the boutiques and kept spending to a minimum.    the flight to miami was a little more jostling, but still acceptable. it is humorous flying these days because you no longer get a bunch of free snacks and meals but, still have complimentary coffee, soda, and juice. they offer a $3.00 “snack box” with some salty snack foods, “cheese,” and candy in it. there are no meals anymore, but sandwiches are for sale on *really* long flights. we decided to bring our own snacks. out of the three couples, one piece of luggage was lost. they flew out of marquette, through chicago and philadelphia before getting to miami – so maybe a bit too complex for the supply chain.   saturday night consisted of $154.14 dinner for all three couples at bennigan’s, and then late night (9ish or 10ish) pizza and tecate (cerveza hecho en mexico) in our room at the red roof in. wake up came at 5:00 in the form of some rustlings from our carry-ons. fearing infestation from the world’s largest rat we collected our things, sans the carry-ons, and headed down to the front desk. without causing a scene we received a new room, four rooms higher, and tried to catch a few more zzzs. later on maintenance assisted with the retrieval the bags we left behind. a nice ricardo montalban-esq hotel maintenance worker met holly at the old room and said with a grin, “it wasn’t a rat.” it turns out that a few weeks back some guests forgot their pet ferret here, and it has been  hanging around ever since. we were relieved that it wasn’t a rat, but we are still going to get the rodent discount on our bill.    (i did tell my wife a couple of times that she was just imagining things, it turns out she was right. i was actually awoken by her startled movements after the thing zoomed across our bed)



posted by james at 9:25 am
0 comments









	 
	 may's word
	 
    


valor n - courage and boldness, as in battle; bravery.  (dictionary.com)



posted by james at 9:23 am
0 comments











about me

name:  james 

view my complete profile




links

my wish_list
up syndrome
inklings and impressions
kevin_rose geeky blog!
digg good tech news site
fark funny news site
twit geeky podcast

previous posts

w0o7!
non-tech
day twoish
chronicles of a lampoon vacation.  3 couples on on...
may's word
mactel xp pro
april's word
no macdegen
macular degeneration
the rest of march's words

archives

july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
september 2007
february 2013














 


free hit counter and internet traffic statistics from freestats.com



