




jointflex | arthritis, joint & muscle pain topical cream

















































skip to content






















products

pain relief creams
fit® therapy patches


faqs
pain relief blog

athletics & joint pain
joint pain regions

knee pain: causes, symptoms and treatment


arthritis pain


where to buy

new fit ® therapy patches 
fit patch – universal
fit patch – back
pain relief creams
jointflex® original
jointflex® turmeric
jointflex® night time


contact us
buy on amazon
 






jointflex® creams
jointflex® patches
faqs
pain relief blog
where to buy
contact us
buy on amazon
 







  





  





  








fast-acting, long-lasting pain relief—without a prescription.
applied right at the source of pain, it penetrates deep to provide powerful joint and arthritis pain relief.2




original formula





natural turmeric





night time













types of joint pain


hands & feet


knees & shoulders


back & neck






the hands and feet are often the first body parts where arthritis sufferers begin to experience pain. these regions have many small joints that work together to assist in movement.
continue reading ❯




two of the most overused and overworked joint areas in the body are the knees and shoulders. but unfortunately, these powerful and essential joints can experience mild, moderate, or severe arthritis pain over time.
continue reading ❯




neck and back pain can be very difficult to diagnose and treat, and it can very easily make daily activities unbearable. many people don’t consider the neck and back when they think about joint pain, but there are many joints in your spine as well.
continue reading ❯









we loved this so much that we got rid of all the biofreeze to use jointflex instead.
alpha medical & spinal care




doctor loves and recommends jointflex to his patients! patients loved it as well!
de jesus chiropractic center




the office loves this stuff and so do the patients—and all because it is effective and doesn't have an odor to it.
bergon medical sports & spine








results based on a 2022 healthcare provider survey conducted by instep health as part of a point-of-care marketing campaign sponsored by strides consumer llc.
when used as directed.








jointflex® pain relief cream

view all strides consumer llc brands


jointflex® pain relief cream

nitethru® advanced sleep aid
strides consumer llc






pain relief blogathletics & joint pain
joint pain regions
arthritis pain
informationfaqs
clinical trials
fusome advantage
find uswhere to buy
contact us







copyright © 2023 strides consumer llc.  all rights reserved.
sitemap
terms of use
privacy policy
 



















 introducing new fit® therapy patches






learn more
hide permanently














