









home - jvim





















































prayer request
email us
 

search for:



 


menu
skip to content

about

bible prophecy and you
scripture memorization


donate

usa / international one-time donation
usa / international monthly donation
canada one-time donation
canada monthly donation


tv program
store

new releases
illustrations
catalog


news

global news
intelligence briefing
living library
email newsletter
question of the week


today’s devotional
contact
 








  
watch video 


               watch the current program here



subscribe now to receive an email notification when jack van impe presents is available for online viewing.

 



















which is bigger, 2 or 8? 






terrorism accelerating…but peace comingthis video includes the complete, unabridged program - more than we had time to broadcast on television! be sure to share it with your friends, family, and church!request your copy today



recent newsfebruary 14, 2025netanyahu, trump discuss level of us support for israeli strike on iran, reportynetnews.com reports: “prime minister benjamin netanyahu and u.s. president donald trump discussed the levels of american backing in an israeli strike on iran’s nuclear sites, ranging from active military support – such as intelligence, refueling […]february 14, 2025ukraine: russian drone blasts hole in radiation shield ‘protecting the world’ at chernobyl nuclear plantthe times of israel reports: “ukrainian president volodymyr zelensky said friday that a russian drone struck the cover built to contain radiation at the chernobyl nuclear power plant. zelensky said ‘radiation levels have not increased.’ […]february 14, 2025china says us should take lead in military cuts after trump commentsspacewar.com reports: “beijing said on friday the united states should take the lead on reducing military spending after us president donald trump said he wanted to hold talks with russia and china on the topic. […]read more




daily devotional
today’s devotional february 15
a humble moravian workman asked john wesley before his conversion this searching question: “do you hope to be saved?” “yes, i do,” replied wesley. “on what ground do you hope for salvation,” asked the moravian. […]
read more
daily devotional sign up
subscribe now to receive soul food: give us this day our daily bread in your inbox every morning.

 



















which is bigger, 2 or 8? 







newsletter sign up
don’t miss a single prophetic sign!
subscribe to dr. jack van impe’s email newsletter!
completely free and delivered to your inbox every single week — it’s packed with biblical insights and important prophetic updates gleaned from the latest news headlines and scripture. subscribe now!

 


















.
which is bigger, 2 or 8? 








 


lives changed
dear drs. van impe:
i have followed your ministry for many years and have greatly appreciated your adherence to the purity of the word of god. two recent programs have particularly touched my heart - the ones dealing with drugs and alcohol.
for a season of my ministry and career, i served as the executive director of the national capitol area teen challenge ministry - located just outside of washington, dc. (teen challenge, as you may know, is a faith-based evangelistic and discipleship program giving jesus to those poor souls bound by chemical addictions. it was founded by david wilkerson and now falls under the umbrella of the assemblies of god.)
the washington, dc ministry had ceased to be effective and the local board of directors was unable to find adequate leadership. a good friend of mine serves on the national board of directors and, knowing of my previous experience in revitalizing fledgling ministries, asked me to consider revitalizing this ministry. so, after prayer and several discussions with the local board, i agreed to serve as their new executive director.
it broke my heart to really see how satan had captivated the hearts of so many precious people with drugs and alcohol. typically, the staff of teen challenge ministries are made up of born again, holy spirit filled believers who have been set free from their own chemical dependencies. however, i found that most of my new staff members had backslidden into use and dependencies again. (no wonder the ministry had ceased to be effective.) i held a staff meeting and reiterated the tc policy that to work in the tc ministry, they needed to be drug, alcohol, and tobacco free. then i said that if they were using these substances, they had disqualified themselves from employment. so, as their pastor, i offered to help them with the gospel to find (again) freedom in christ from their chemical dependencies. however, later that month, 80 per cent of my staff resigned. (so sad.) the good news is - 2 staff members were, in fact, "clean" and had been praying that this type of ministry purification would happen so god's people could once again preach deliverance to the captives. (the 3 of us formed a tight bond and worked diligently to serve our wonderful saviour.)
as a result, i rolled up my sleeves and began a season of very long hours ministering to the oppressed while implementing solid business practices upon which the ministry could once again build a dynamic and effective ministry.
my season with the ncatc has come to an end but i left transformed with a compassion for those bound by chemical dependencies. i also have a profound compassion for the family members who watch helplessly as their loved one's lives are ruined (an eternities jeopardized) with these dependencies.
i share this (long) story with you as a way of encouraging you. your programs on drugs and alcohol dependencies were point-on-target. jesus came to set the captives free from all sin - including chemical dependencies. i also ask you to continue to preach the "hard" and politically incorrect topics contained in the scripture. there are countless people who watch your tv ministry and read your literature who need the encouragement that you bring via the pure word of god.
thank you for your faithfulness and partnership in the ministry. our paths may never cross on this side of the grave, but we will certainly rejoice together in heaven for eternity, worshiping the king of kings....
sincerely,
pastor gary l.


read
                    more

 
 


about jvim
current international events reflect exactly the conditions predicted throughout the bible for the last days of this age. dr. jack van impe has been declaring the truth of bible prophecy since 1948 and continues to be a leading voice in declaring the soon return of the savior. dr. rexella van impe is a talented musician and a critical part of the tv and teaching ministries. 

read
                    more

 






site linkshome
about
contact
donate
news
store
today’s devotional
tv program
social










newsletter sign up

 


















.
which is bigger, 2 or 8? 






 
contact info
jack van impe ministries
po box 7004, troy, mi 48007-7004
t: 248-852-2244
e-mail: jvimi@jvim.com
 




                    © copyright 2025 jack van impe ministries                



















