





turtlepac | aircraft and helicopter ferry tanks and other air cargo transport tanks





turtlepac | aircraft and helicopter ferry tanks and other air cargo transport tanks
























































 











welcome  to turtle-pac



language:


 










 phone/ fax (int): +61 7 5598 1959
phone (australia): 07 5598 195907 5534 6619
us toll free: 1866 310 2992
 






 
email: turtlepac@yahoo.com.au







 






menuhomeproductscollapsible aircraft bladder ferry tanksair cargo fuel bladder tanksdrop spheroid 100cargo spheroid 50drop drum 205collapsible aircraft auxiliary fuel tanksmarine diesel fuel bladder tanksflexible truck transport fuel & jet a tanks combat fuel bladdersmarine boat fuel bladdersflexible water diesel holding yacht tanksunderwater lift bagsinflatable regatta marker buoysinflatable collision matcollapsible water bladder tanks closeguaranteepricing & ordersphoto galleryaircraft ferry tanksturtlepac | photos of turtlepac portable fuel tank unitsunderwater lift bagsmarker buoysrainwater tanksfloat tanksturtlepac | order flexible jerrycans from turtlepac closecompany & contactboat & air showsagents & pressslide / video showstough tank20 tonne tank testcollision bandage – slide and video showsdrop drum 205 parachutedrop drumdrop spheroid 100army truck tanks  – combat fuel bladders closelinks 





home of tough bladder tanks for aircraft and boats






our product range



 




                                                                                turtle pac offers a selection of aircraft and helicopter ferry tanks and air cargo transport tanks for combat fuel. with turtle pac’s selection, plane...                                        



collapsible aircraft and helicopter bladder ferry tanks




 




                                                                                turtle pac offers a selection of aircraft and helicopter ferry tanks and air cargo transport tanks for combat fuel. with turtle pac’s selection, plane...                                        
air...-->
                                    


air cargo fuel bladder tanks – air transport – airdrop combat fuel




 




                                                                                turtle pac offers a selection of aircraft and helicopter ferry tanks and air cargo transport tanks for combat fuel. with turtle pac’s selection, plane...                                        



drop spheroid 100 - air drop fuel. combat fuel drop. humanitarian air drop. hurricane assistance




 




                                                                                turtle pac offers a selection of aircraft and helicopter ferry tanks and air cargo transport tanks for combat fuel. with turtle pac’s selection, plane...                                        



cargo spheroid 50




 




                                                                                turtle pac offers a selection of aircraft and helicopter ferry tanks and air cargo transport tanks for combat fuel. with turtle pac’s selection, plane...                                        



drop drum 205 - airdrop fuel. combat fuel drop. humanitarian air drop with parachute or without.




 




                                                                                turtle pac offers a selection of aircraft and helicopter ferry tanks and air cargo transport tanks for combat fuel. with turtle pac’s selection, plane...                                        



collapsible aircraft auxiliary fuel tank – flexible jerry can




 




                                                                                turtle pac offers a selection of aircraft and helicopter ferry tanks and air cargo transport tanks for combat fuel. with turtle pac’s selection, plane...                                        



turtlepac | marine fuel tanks for marine fuel




 




                                                                                turtle pac offers a selection of aircraft and helicopter ferry tanks and air cargo transport tanks for combat fuel. with turtle pac’s selection, plane...                                        



flexible army truck transport diesel & jet a tanks combat fuel bladders




 




                                                                                turtle pac offers a selection of aircraft and helicopter ferry tanks and air cargo transport tanks for combat fuel. with turtle pac’s selection, plane...                                        



turtlepac | boat gas tanks for civilian and military use




 




                                                                                turtle pac offers a selection of aircraft and helicopter ferry tanks and air cargo transport tanks for combat fuel. with turtle pac’s selection, plane...                                        



flexible water diesel holding yacht tanks – suv/4wd portable bladders




 




                                                                                turtle pac offers a selection of aircraft and helicopter ferry tanks and air cargo transport tanks for combat fuel. with turtle pac’s selection, plane...                                        



underwater lift bags – pipeline buoyancy bags. helicopter flotation.




 




                                                                                turtle pac offers a selection of aircraft and helicopter ferry tanks and air cargo transport tanks for combat fuel. with turtle pac’s selection, plane...                                        



turtlepac | inflatable buoys for marine traffic and perimeters




 




                                                                                turtle pac offers a selection of aircraft and helicopter ferry tanks and air cargo transport tanks for combat fuel. with turtle pac’s selection, plane...                                        



turtlepac | inflatable collision mat for oil leak containment




 




                                                                                turtle pac offers a selection of aircraft and helicopter ferry tanks and air cargo transport tanks for combat fuel. with turtle pac’s selection, plane...                                        



turtlepac | flexible water bladder tanks and emergency water storage













turtle pac offers a selection of aircraft and helicopter ferry tanks and air cargo transport tanks for combat fuel. with turtle pac’s selection, plane and boat operators can find rubberized fuel bladder tanks, flexible jerry cans, and fuel bladder seats for planes and helicopters. we offer sizes built for every vessel, including light aircraft, military patrol, and special-ops planes and boats.

turtle pac features collapsible fuel tanks for aircrafts to house multiple volumes, accommodating nearly every use. our fuel tanks are designed to hold nearly any kind of fuel, including gasoline, diesel, and avgas/jet a. each fuel bladder tank has been built for crash resistance and longevity, remaining resilient under many years of use.

turtle pac also manufactures bladder tanks for boats, in addition to our selection of bladder tanks for aircraft. with both internal and external options available, turtle pac air drop tanks are suitable for drops with or without a parachute.
collapsible fuel bladder tanks
turtle pac is home to the toughest ferry tanks, fuel tanks, and accessories for a wide array of operations. built for life, turtle pac’s selection offers peak value for military, commercial, and civilian use. discrete placement allows users to keep extra fuel rations on hand, fulfilling all safety requirements, without sacrificing space.

remember that every product available on turtle pac is backed by our 30-day moneyback guarantee. our goal is complete satisfaction. at sea and in flight, nothing less than the best will perform when your life's on the line. turtle pac wants you to be assured your fuel or water storage tanks will be available when you need them. through rigorous testing, and feedback from our customer base, we have provided only the best in bladder tanks for airplanes and boats. 







contact us

 


















δ










main link
home
products
guarantee
aircraft ferry tanks
company & contact
boat & air shows
agents & press
slide / video shows
links




important link
terms & condition
privacy policy
sitemap



contact us  email:         turtlepac@yahoo.com.au

phone (int):             +61 7 5598 1959+61 7 5534 6619
phone (australia):       07 5598 195907 5534 6619
us toll free:            1866 310 2992


address



 9 hayter st currumbin qld 4223 australia
p.o. box 563currumbin qld 4223 australia





 turtle-pac pty ltd  9 hayter st currumbin qld    |    opening hours:   monday to thursday 7.00 - 17.30 australian time








electro fuse welding
superior seams fused by 35000 volts....maintenance free for life...mastered by very few in the world








web design




top










































