



gothic and renaissance french furniture m. markley antiques






























m. markley antiques



items for sale

gaga for gothic
rah rah for renaissance
cabinets and armoires
tables and desks
chairs, benches, beds
chests and boxes
mirrors
décor items
ceramics


resources

about us
stylistic origins
terms of sale
delivery
art of business
first modern corporation
europe travel articles
contact us





gothic and renaissance antique furniture from france
click to visit a remembrance  of michael markley (1946-2024)




meril and michael markley, owners of m. markley antiques






all gothic items on one page




all renaissance items on one page




cabinets and armoires




chairs, benches, thrones, beds




tables and desks




chests and coffers




mirrors




fireplaces, clocks, other decor items




ceramics (blois and gien)





to learn more about french gothic and renaissance styles, go to our stylistic origins page.


for terms and conditions covering the sale of items on this website, see our terms page.



to explore delivery options, including a quote for transportation charges, see our delivery page.


antiques in need of repair or restoration?





we rely on woodwork by george









join us for the art of business luncheon series at the crossroads of culture and commerce in houston.


although most furniture is sold to individuals, our pieces have had starring roles in the following:




reign, the tv series about mary, queen of scots 
    



red riding hood, the film starring amanda seyfried
    



boston ballet's production of swan lake




chicago lyric opera's production of rusalka





finally heading back to europe?  for some interesting spots to visit, check out our travel articles written for the newsletter of the wine society of texas.


click to visit the european travel page




as our business grows and prospers, we recall some of the people and places who have inspired us, including some who are no longer with us...




a remembrance of michael markley (1946-2024)




notre dame de paris and andrew tallon




eugene a. carroll, professor emeritus of art history at vassar college




margaret benjamin, meril markley's mother




hilde rössel-majdan, a voice for the ages




vassar college, meril markley's alma mater




hilda ysusi, award-winning chef and owner at broken barrel restaurant




julie wende, the artist in her studio




80 medieval french investors created the first modern corporation




mischa and margaux after a busy day at m. markley antiques










we have long been the premier source in the u.s. for french antique furniture in gothic and renaissance styles owing to our expertise, scholarship, and dedication to client service.







  copyright © 2025 the markley group, inc.
  

   all rights reserved.
   

   (281) 748-2266
   

contact us


   the markley group, inc. is headquartered in the woodlands, tx usa
   





