



















the ultimate resource for relocating and living in the virgin islands











































































































 











planning

availability of goods cost of living demographics infrastructure island living meet the islands safety in the virgin islands weather
general

faq getting to the virgin islands travel documents and passport requirements car information shipping / moving moving with pets
island life

apartments & renting local taxes real estate schools / education transportation voting
business

business ventures employment / jobs service directory tax incentive program wages in the virgin islands
moving stories

st. croix stories st. john stories st. thomas stories
forum

general/relocating usvi classifieds community off-topic members recent posts forum rules
loginregistertoggle website search





menu
close




























moving to the u.s. virgin islands? 



you have good reasons for considering the u.s. virgin islands as your new home, things like great weather, natural beauty, watersports, its status as a u.s. territory, and its unique caribbean culture. beyond these reasons there are lots of other things to consider too. learn about living on st. thomas, st. croix, st. john and water island. 









start planning today







































 




							making the move						


						planning to move to the virgin islands can be a challenging decision. you may have been offered a job, vacationed in the islands and loved it or perhaps just decided you need a change.					









more information














 




							island life						


						housing, school, transportation & taxes in the u. s. virgin islands are a little different from what you might expect. this section contains everything you need to know. 					









more information














 




							business & jobs						


						moving to the islands is wonderful, but how are you going to earn a living. one of the first questions most ask when inquiring about the usvi is "can i find a job?" 					









more information















moving stories 



















															learn more														





things really are more expensive than you think


													me and my wife moved here about 6 weeks ago. we visited in july and…												










															learn more														





my top 10 pieces of advice to people who are looking to lime on da rock


													feels like i've been here for much longer than a year already lol. so i…												










															learn more														





we are experiencing a new culture


													disclaimer: i did not really begin reading this message board until after our move and…												










															learn more														





k-mart is our new best friend


													where do i start. we looked at probably 13 different condos in june. we have…												





1
2
3
4
…
12
go to the next page


















featured business  











looking for help with your move to the virgin islands? these business are in business to make your move that much easier. 



business directory > 







what readers are saying 














 




							the best and most informative website						


						i wanted to let you know that you have put together one of the best and most informative websites i've come across about relocating. i live in hawaii and was considering a move to another island. your site is really intelligent and well put together. it really gave me all of the information i would want about vi. i wish you all success!					









 




							it has so much information						


						this "vimovingcenter" website and message board you have created is a really terrific tool and a wonderful thing! thanks so much for creating it - it has so much information. what a terrific service you offer. thanks.					































 








thinking about moving to the virgin islands? 



the settler's handbook is a indispensable guide 



the current 19th edition, will help you explore your dream of island living. a solid reference book, it was first published in 1975. that’s 40+ years of helping people move to the virgin islands. 






order today $19.95







 















 









stay up to date with news from vimovingcenter 



sign up to receive virgin islands articles, updates and offers. 























								email							





sign up today!




7664078446
























 









advertise with us 



tell prospective and current residents about your business. learn more 







also visit 



vitraders.com 



usvi books & souvenirs 



vinow.com 



the virgin islands best guide 







official sponsor 




 




















terms of use | contact us | privacy policy 



copyright © 2002 – 2023 vinow.com all rights reserved. 












opens in a new tabopens in a new tab 

















search this website

type then hit enter to search





close menu






 


 






































