
paid surveys - make money online from free paid surveys





 paid surveys home  international surveys paid survey faq free offers sitemap contact us  paid online surveys
welcome to internet paid surveys. we review the best online paid survey sites that pay you for your opinions. we feature only tried and tested paid survey sites that are really worth joining and have good reputation. our database is frequently updated and is absolutely free.  you never have to pay firms like surveyscout to join survey sites. anyone who asks money in return for a database of paid survey companies are only cheating you. go through our list of free paid surveys and join them without spending a cent.
paid surveys are  a great work from home opportunity to make some extra money in your spare time. internet surveys are fun. at the same time, you help in the development of new products. market research companies are interested in knowing your opinion on various matters on behalf of their clients. they are willing to pay you for the time you spend for them. most of the reputed paid survey sites are online divisions of market research companies. they are all free to join and give rewards ranging from $1 to $100 or more per survey completed. some paid survey sites enter you into sweepstakes where you can earn more money. others may reward you with points which can be later redeemed for cash or prizes. 
check out the following online paid survey sites and join them to start earning from paid surveys. we have organized the paid survey sites based on where all they operate. if you are from the usa, canada or uk, you will have a lot of opportunities to earn money from online surveys . however, there are also many sites which accept members internationally. once you join a survey site, you need to confirm your email address and then complete your profiles at the survey site. when a new survey is in progress, you will be notified by email if you qualify for that survey. join as many paid survey sites as possible to maximize your earnings. visit our online paid surveys faq page to learn more about paid surveys.
online paid surveys: usa | uk | canada | australia | new zealand  | ireland | india | international (worldwide)   top us paid surveys
paidviewpoint 
paid view point is a new survey panel which rewards good survey takers more than others. they use a score called traitscore to assess the members. if you are honest about your demographics and traits and always give honest opinions, you get a higher traitscore and more income opportunities. the pay-per-survey is also higher based upon your traitscore. you can redeem your earnings through paypal. minimum cashout is $15 usd.
join paidviewpoint here
swagbucks
swagbucks is not strictly a survey site. but it lets members earn rewards in many ways. members can earn virtual currency known as swagbucks through different ways, including participating in polls and surveys, buying products, watching tv,  and playing games. another way is using their search engine. watching 10 minutes of swagbucks tv earns a member 3 swagbucks. daily polls are worth 1 swagbuck. swagbuck members can also earn swagbucks through referrals. swagbucks matches swagbucks that a referred member earns from searches, up to 1,000 swagbucks. the swagbucks store has a wide variety of prizes that a swagbucks user can trade in their swagbucks for, such as video games and consoles, electronic goods, baseball cards, and many other types of home products. swagbucks can also be redeemed as amazon gift cards.
join swagbucks here
e-research-global
e-research-global accepts members from all countries. members must be 16 years or older to join the e-research-global panel. you will be paid via paypal within two weeks of completion of a survey. for each paid survey, you will get minimum payment of one us dollar.
join e-research-global here
cinchbucks
cinchbucks let you earn points called cb for completing paid surveys, offers and tasks. cb can be redeemed in different ways including paypal, payza, paytm, cash via upi to bank accounts and various store gift cetificates. they have even started to pay via bitcoin. invite your friends and you can earn excellent referral rewards. you will have to complete various profiles to maximize your earnings. though profile completion may take some time, it is worth considering the rewards on offer. 
join cinchbucks here
surveysavvy
surveysavvy is the online division of luth research, a leading market research firm. surveysavvy has paid members more than $14 million for participating in paid surveys. you can get paid up to $20 or more for completing a survey. surveysavvy offers great earning opportunities especially for it and computer professionals. they also have a good referral program. you get paid $2 for each survey completed by your direct referral and $1 for each survey by your indirect referral. join surveysavvy where intelligence adds up and start earning for your opinion!
join surveysavvy here 
lifepoints
lifepoints is the new version of global test market, mysurvey and lightspeed. it is another site which sends a lot of survey invites. members are rewarded for completing paid surveys in the form of lifepoints - which are convertible to cash. the number of lifepoints rewarded depends on the length of the survey. lifepoints are redeemable for paypal cash or gift certificates from amazon and itunes. 
join lifepoints here
ipsos surveys
ipsos i-say panel is managed by ipsos insight which is one of the largest professional marketing research firms in the world. established in 1979, ipsos insight is one of north america's leading market research and public opinion company. ipsos i-say currently uses a points-based reward system. members earn reward points for taking surveys. once you've earned 50 (or more) points, you can redeem your points for merchandise and gift cards offered by popular retail merchants. each time you complete a survey, you are also invited to play "it's your luck day instant win game" where you can win several great prizes instantly. members are also entered in sweepstakes: you could win $5000 just for joining the ipsos i-say panel.  most loyal members (members who take most or all of the surveys they are offered) become members of our vip club and are automatically entered to win a car in the annual contest.
join ipsos i-say panel here
nielsen computer & mobile panel
join nielsen computer & mobile panel and help to improve the internet. to join, just fill out the form and then install the nielsen app to get started. after you've installed the app, get rewarded just for using the internet. for installing the nielsen app on your computer or mobile, you will automatically be entered into our sweepstakes. there are opportunities to earn even more rewards by registering more devices and continuing to participate. nielsen gives away $10,000 each month.
join nielsen computer & mobile panel here
opinion bureau
opinion bureau allows you to earn money by sharing your opinions. for survey completion, you can earn cash rewards which can be redeemed through paypal or in the form of gift cards to popular retailers. with its user-friendly platform and easy-to-use mobile app, opinion bureau is a great option for us residents who want to earn money by sharing their opinions.
join opinion bureau panel here
yougov panel
yougov is a popular survey panel that allows individuals to share their opinions on various topics such as politics, consumer brands, and current events. us panelists who participate in yougov surveys can expect to earn points for their contributions, which can be redeemed for rewards such as gift cards, cash, or merchandise. the amount of points earned per survey varies depending on the length and complexity of the survey. yougov also offers special incentives and bonuses for active panelists who regularly participate in surveys. with its easy-to-use platform and engaging surveys, yougov is a great way for us residents to share their opinions and earn rewards at the same time.
join yougov panel here
 
 << prev |  		1 | 		2 | 		3 | 		4 | 		5 | 6 |		next >>  go to us paid surveys page 2     paid surveys by country    usa canada uk australia new zealand ireland india
malaysia
turkey
sweden
indonesia
china
hongkong
singapore
south africa 
international
 

 top  survey sites 
 
surveysavvy
mysurveyglobaltestmarket
epoll surveys 
pinecone
vip voice panel
ipsos i-say 
paidviewpointacop
toluna

 related resources    newsletter subscription new survey alerts  affiliate programs
 

   


  
free survey newsletter 

join internet paid surveys newsletter so you won't miss exciting new paid survey opportunities!


sign up today!




  
 new opportunities  
 
fusioncash 
american help finder 
sweet daily deals 
shopping jobs
become an avon rep!survey for moms 
panda research  
  
 top freebies   
freeflys 
 freester couponssurveys for  samples 
restaurant coupons
$100 mcdonald's gc
ebates cash back
free playstation ps4 




 paid surveys home international surveys privacy policy  disclaimer sitemap
contact us

  © 2006 internetpaidsurveys.com : your source for free paid surveys on the internet 




