



imperial optical: the one-stop wholesale contact lens distributor of choice for eyecare professionals, optical distributors and wholesalers














.


your one-stop contact lens distributor of choice
























imperial optical inc.
				



we supply contact lenses to eyecare professionals

	imperial optical, inc. is the #1 independent wholesale contact lens distributor in north america! we are specifically focused on providing brand name contact lenses, such as acuvue, freshlook colors, focus, biomedics and soflens to eyecare professionals at discount prices. we also offer quality economical altrnatives to many spherical, aspherical, toric, and keratoconus lenses.
	

our vision is to be the one-stop contact lens provider of choice for eyecare practitioners based on superior service, selection and savings.  we are #1 because we are committed to providing our valued strategic partners with the kind of dependable relationship that is needed in today’s marketplace without compromising on selection or customer service.
	

this website is intended to be an educational resource for both eyecare practitioners and consumers alike.  we provide easy access to information about current contact lens offerings from the major manufacturers, new promotional offerings and general answers to the most frequently asked questions about contact lenses.
	

when we say imperial optical wants to be your one-stop wholesale contact lens distributor of choice, we mean it.  we have separated this site into two distinct sections: one, which requires authorized access, for eyecare providers - our "strategic partners" and the other to provide a source of information about contact lenses.
	

to become a strategic partner and begin taking advantage of imperial optical’s superior service, selection and savings, simply complete the on-line strategic partner application form or contact our customer service department at 800-367-8422 today. 











						imperial advantage
						


 superior service 
 superior selection 
 superior savings 
ecp websolutions 
cl success guarantee 
solus 55a
solus tcl




manufacturers



 bausch & lomb 
alcon vision 
coopervision 
hydrogel vision 





type of lens



1-2 week disposables 
bifocal / multifocal lenses 
colored contact lenses 
daily disposables 
monthly disposables 
toric contact lenses 



 





home / about
        us / contact lenses / faq / ecps / consumers / 
        
contact / privacy



 
	imperial optical inc.
	 • 
	30 lawrence paquette industrial drive, champlain, ny 12919
	 • 
	tel 800 367 8422
	 • 
	fax 800 803 0455





