








	metalaire > home































login





































file cart
(0)






zip files


email files


clear cart

























products


air terminal units
ceiling diffusers
critical environment products
displacement ventilation
grilles and registers
linear diffusers & grilles
plenum slot diffuser



contact
rep locator
order tracking (ots)




















































new offerings!


                    afl frame enhancements
                
additional frame types for afl series
introducing three new frame styles for the formations product family. these new frames allow for a variety of unique applications. 


learn more











now available!


                    afl techzone
                
formations linears for techzone grids 
architectural linear slot diffusers for 4" and 6" techzone ceiling grid applications.


learn more











new video series!


                    how it's made
                
3100 round ceiling diffuser
check out our youtube channel to see the latest episode of how it's made, our new series that delves into the creation of our most popular products.


learn more











expanded offering!


                    revit files for engineers & designers
                
 
now featuring a comprehensive library of performance-enabled revit content for our most popular grd products.














specialty product


                    periflow system for operating rooms
                
the superior air curtain system
the periflow is single loop, self-balancing
and requires only two duct connections.


learn more











introducing!


                    atu hot water coils 12 fins per inch
                
high capacity hot water coils
for low boiler temperatures                    



























































































products







   metalaire air terminal units or vav boxes, including single duct, dual duct, bypass, and both constant-volume and variable-volume fan powered boxes. all available with or without electric or hot water reheat features. 


air terminal units





   ceiling diffusers that can be applied in either sheet rock (hard) ceiling applications or lay-in style (t-bar) applications. variations include louver, cone or plaque style faces. 


ceiling diffusers





   full family of linear grilles and diffusers that can be used for a wide variety of architectural applications. available in varieties for ceiling, side-wall or floor mounting. 


linear diffusers and grilles





   a full offering of supply and return grilles, available with or without multi-shutter or opposed blade dampers for balancing purposes. 


grilles and registers





   a full family of displacement diffusers allow for cool air to be delivered at low velocities directly to the occupied zone. available in rectangular, triangular or round and radiused options. 


displacement ventilation





   the perfect products for use in critical environments such as hospitals (both or and patient rooms) as well as labs or clean room applications. 


critical environments





   the perfect products for use in critical environments such as hospitals (both or and patient rooms) as well as labs or clean room applications. 


plenum slot diffuser





   the perfect products for use in critical environments such as hospitals (both or and patient rooms) as well as labs or clean room applications. 


vav diffusers














rep locator









metalaire products are sold exclusively through our broad network of manufacturer's representatives knowledgeable in all phases of hvac design and selection. please follow the link to the rep locator to find the metalaire representative in your area.

rep locator »













































































































metalaire is the flagship brand of metal industries inc., offering a complete line of air distribution and air terminal products. from standard grilles and registers, to its architectural line of formations® linear slot diffusers, along with a newly released series of displacement diffusers, metalaire has the air devices to meet every need.  a complete product line of air terminal units range from the basic single-duct unit to an unmatched series fcq ultra-quiet fan-powered terminal unit.  designers can be assured that metalaire is the right choice for their air distribution needs.








contact us
 (727) 441-2651
 (727) 443-7167
 1985 carroll st.
clearwater, fl 33765














copyright © 2025 by metal industries



privacy policy









                email documents
            







send to:







enter your name and email address
your email address will not be stored by us.




name:







email:







any personal message? (optional)









  
                    


































