






 



sdigital computer services - iphone, ipad and laptop repair














































































































skip to content






sdigital computer services
get your fix

home about us service pricesrepair services diagnosis iphone repairrepair services for all iphones computer repairpc and mac computer repair, hardware diagnosis  contact cartcheckout  my accountorder tracking  


 0



view cartcheckout 

no products in the cart. 


subtotal: $0.00 

view cartcheckout 





search:











 
home about us service pricesrepair services diagnosis iphone repairrepair services for all iphones computer repairpc and mac computer repair, hardware diagnosis  contact cartcheckout  my accountorder tracking  









contact 

astoria's most trusted professional repair technicians, ready to help you today with any of your technology needs. 
							

 














flexible support we’re here to assist you whenever you need, whether it’s on-site or over the internet via remote access.    


home & business solutions sdigital’s professional repair technicians are ready to help you with any of your home or business technology needs.    


expert technicians sdigital has the knowledge and experience to help you with any of your computer, phone, security, or it needs.    fast, reliable tech repair in astoria, ny








we provide fast, affordable repair and trade-in services for phones, laptops, and computers, along with comprehensive tech support and security solutions to keep your devices running like new.
some device’s we work with are:



macbook
pc laptop
imac
desktop
tablet/ipad


business it support
network/security
iphone
android
drones

clients & testimonials


sdigital is astoria’s most trusted professional service and repair technicians and our first priority is your satisfaction – here’s what our customers have to say:




sdigital computer & phone repair4.8based on 72 reviewspowered by googlereview us ontia mosobbir05:05 10 feb 25my ancient laptop of 12 years just suddenly stopped turning on and after a search on google i found stephan and called him on a sunday evening. he saw me right away, fair prices, exceptional service, very fast and most of all honest. he doesn't try to sell you anything which i really really appreciate. he told me it will be a quick fix and i can just take it back with me but i ended up buying a great laptop with everything set up at a great price instead from him. i was also annoyed with something on my phone which i also decided to show him and he told me how to fix right away! very happy and will recommend this business to everyone in case they need any of their devices fixed or a new device to buy at a good price and quality. he also set everything up for me.daniel fernando orozco ospina04:37 31 jan 25they fixed my cell phone quickly and it didn't cost as much as i expected, super fast and very attentive services.stephen mackey00:40 30 jan 25great service. very helpful. straightforward and won't try to sell you things. 10/10nick hudspeth17:22 24 jan 25my cpu failed after my water cooling system broke and stephen was extremely knowledgeable and helpful. he got me set up with a new cpu, fans and cleaned out the whole pc for way cheaper than i was expecting. all while providing great customer service. really can’t recommend this place enough if you need any computer or cell phone repair. i’ll certainly be back in the future to consult with him when building a pcioanna spyropoulou21:34 08 jan 25great service, will def be back!john s20:48 15 oct 24i came back to my home after a long holiday weekend and my 12 year old computer would not turn on.  i figured that it was time to bury it and buy a new one.  i took a chance and called here to see if there was any chance of giving my computer cpr and bringing it back to life. lol.after talking to stephen he convinced me to bring it in and take a look at it.  it could be saved he told me! all it needed was a new power bank.15 minutes later my computer was up and running.it's rare to meet someone with as much integrity and honesty that stephen has. the price he quoted me for repairing my computer was extremely fair. i cannot recommend him enough!joyce co02:08 20 sep 24i had an issue with my laptop and was so worried that the motherboard was damaged; it crashed and won't turn on/charge. luckily i found this shop and stephen was able to diagnose the issue and fix it quickly. he also charged a fair price for the service. would highly recommend!


repair your device!


whether it’s a cracked screen, suspected virus or malware, performance issues, or a battery replacement, we have the skill to repair or diagnose everything digital including cell phones, tablets, laptops, computers, and drones.







more about uswho we are


we rigorously keep up with each generation of new devices and software updates, keeping in mind that our ultimate goal is to expertly repair and ensure you get the most out of your device.


learn more about sdigitalwhy choose us


sdigital knows how precious your data is to you, and we understand that your device is incredibly personal, which is why we promise to respect and protect your data to our absolute best abilities.



easy to use layout visual builder
modern & beautiful ready-made skins
tons of useful widgets & shortcodes
friendly & helpful support team
compatible with popular plugins

our experiencebusiness it support - 12 yearsnetwork/security - 11 yearsmacbook repair - 9 yearsandroid repair - 8 yearsdrones repair - 7 years










contact usphone(718) 215-0010fax(718) 204-0956find us on:facebook page opens in new windowyelp page opens in new windowservicesrepair serviceswe are your go-to, one stop shop for professional repair services, parts, and know how. sdigital has the knowledge and experience to help you with any of your technological needs. we offer a wide range of repair services for many different devices. don't see a repair listed? give us a call – chances are we can fix it! 
business & educationsdigital provides business solutions to corporations and companies all over the queens borough. we offer bulk-rate repair services for many schools, dealers, and large businesses. you can use both our mail-in and our walk-in repair facilities to get your company devices fixed. we will repair your devices quickly and minimize down time, and often save your company significant amounts of money.
sell my deviceinterested in selling your old device? the process is quick and easy. simply answer a few questions about your electronic device, receive an honest market-value offer, accept our offer, and get cash in your pocket today!
contact usour customers mean everything to us and because of them we strive to continuously grow and improve our processes and techniques to better serve their needs. we value our customers peace of mind and is our stance to quality repairs and superior service. each day our customers continue to tell us how happy they are and well, that makes this job all worth our while.
 









					sdigital computer services ©copyright 2017 dream-theme — truly premium wordpress themes









go to top









































































