









seattle university































































skip to main site navigation
skip to main content
skip to footer content




click to visit the home page




























































newseventsathletics

info for
admitted studentsalumnicurrent studentsfaculty & staffparents & families



    
      	apply
  	


    
      	visit
  	


    
      	give
  	






admissions & aid

apply now
undergraduate admissions
graduate admissions
international admissions
transfer admissions
executive & professional admissions
tuition & fees
financial aid & scholarships
request information
visit & tour

academics

all programs
schools & colleges
centers & institutes
academic advising
education abroad
lemieux library
academic calendar
academic resources

life at seattle u

our campus
housing & dining
get involved
faith, spirituality and meaning
university recreation
graduate student life
international student community
public safety
health & wellness

who we are

the seattle u impact
mission, vision & values
jesuit education
a diverse & inclusive community
global engagement
sustainability and climate action
leadership
contact us







































seattle university homepage
life-changing education in a world-changing city







whole person education
higher-powered learning

at seattle university, we empower you to realize your full potential through an inclusive and holistic educational experience grounded in universal values.


educational approach





ready for the world
meaningful careers

our jesuit education and deep ties to the best companies in seattle prepare you for success in your career and community—wherever life takes you.


the seattle u impact












explore programs

seattle university doesn’t just prepare you for a constantly changing world—we help you shape it for the better. find the programs that ignite your passion and help you make a difference.


all programs











undergraduate programs

with 65 undergraduate majors in today’s top fields, you’ll find a program that excites you.










graduate programs

choose from more than 50 in-person and online graduate programs that advance your career.










professional development

discover certificates and programs that help you make a greater impact.



















living our
values


we’re on a mission to empower you to create a more just, equitable and sustainable world through doing the work you love.


mission and values











                    jesuit education
                

                    leadership
                

                    diversity
                

                    justice
                

                    academic excellence
                


jesuit education







tanaporn sittisawassakul, ’18

“through experience, i have learned that the jesuits are really really great at education and especially education of the whole self, critical thinking. not just mind, but body and spirit.” 

strategic communications


 


leadership







shannon blott (she/her), ’24

“seattle university encourages each student to locate and empower their personal voice. through experimentation of thought, expression of ideas, and personal reflection, this powerful process can be used by everyone to better those around them and change communities locally and internationally. i encourage everyone to find their courage and seek others in an open minded and curious spirit to inspire change!”

nursing


 


diversity







liliana mcclain, ’26

“it’s refreshing to feel that my classmates are helpful and encouraging instead of feeling like they are out to get me! it makes me think like there is a kind of ‘no scientist left behind’ culture here. seattle u's dedication to bringing humanity into science is truly commendable and sets it apart from other colleges. i look forward to the remaining years of my academic journey in this nurturing and inclusive community.” 

chemistry


 


justice







jasmine waland, ’19

“i had never thought about being a researcher, but i immediately said yes [when asked to join a research project]. from this experience, i honored people’s stories, listened to what changes they wanted to see, and then was able to tell those stories in a research paper distributed to food banks across the nation to help make that change. all research should reposition power from the interviewer to the interviewee.”

sociology and humanities for teaching


 


academic excellence







clayton nguyen, ’23

“choosing seattle u has been one of the best decisions i've made. the challenging coursework, dedicated faculty, and supportive community have empowered me to grow both personally and professionally. the computer science program provides ample opportunities for internships, networking, and career development, making it an ideal choice for aspiring computer scientists.”

computer science


 
 






how we'redifferent

the seattle u impact









            	#1
            



economically diverse university in wa

the new york times college-access index noted that we're the most economically diverse selective university in washington.






            	11:1
            



student-to-faculty ratio

small classes led by talented faculty to foster active learning, an su hallmark.






            	97%
            



success rate

most redhawks are employed or in grad school within 6 months of graduation. 


learn how we empower your success


 






the seattle university experience











seattle: a global tech city

seattle university puts you in the center of one of the country's most dynamic cities: a city at the forefront of scientific, medical, and technological innovation and research.


living in seattle



#1


destination city for college students


seattle is america's most desired destination for college students.
—2022 axios-generation lab “next cities index”

 







fun and welcoming campus

our vibrant, close-knit campus community gives you a sense of belonging—and a lot of ways to make new friends while doing things you care about.



esports & gaming
student activities & clubs
international student center


 







the splendor of the pacific northwest

mountains and water in every direction, plus plenty of beaches, waterfalls and forests. the stunning beauty of the pacific northwest is unmatched and unrivaled. where will you explore first?


university recreation

 










                                    university news
                                

                                    & stories
                                


newsroom




                                visit our newsroom for the latest updates and information
                            














good books to break the dreary days of winter 
su news

in this latest edition of “good reads,” seattle university faculty authors craft fascinating tomes sure to please a range of audiences. 




tags:

faculty & staff spotlight, people of su


















strike up the band
su news

bolstering pride and spirit with the creation of the su pep band.



tags:

athletics & recreationpeople of sustudent experience & success











moving on up
su news

new research equipment gives kinesiology students a competitive advantage.



tags:

athletics & recreationscience, technology & health











seattle university and cornish college announce intent to join institutions
su news

letter of intent first step in process of cornish college of the arts becoming part of su.



tags:

people of sustudent experience & success
























next steps



apply


visit


request info









admissions & aidacademicslife at seattle uwho we are



information for
admitted studentsalumnicurrent studentsfaculty & staffparents & families


redhawk hubcanvasmyseattleuemailconnectsucampus storecareers at seattle ufaculty & staff directoryoffices & departments directorycovid-19 response




click to visit the home page


























901 12th avenueseattle, wa 98122




206-296-6000



campus map & directions




tiktok





threads





twitter





youtube





linkedin





instagram





facebook







copyright ©  seattle university
policies & regulationsprivacy policyterms of serviceaccessibilityethics line




























