



digital marketing agency & consulting | the show media





















































































 



 







 








 
about us
research
blogs
 
hamburger toggle menu
 












contact us




















						directing your marketing stories
					looking for a digital marketing agency for business growth 
if you are an aspiring entrepreneur, startup, or growing business it is key to have a best-laid marketing & brand growth plan. but how do you get your hands on one such plan, is the plan you have worth it, can you get a good plan with the resources you have at your disposal, or may be hiring a digital marketing agency prove helpful?

 















 

					learn more 				

 







 

					contact us				

 























marketing activations 
marketing channels, ad type, media, and more where we have our expertise to guide & support business. 

 











 









                    google search ads                
get you brand in the top of google search page


 







 









                    google display ads                
reach out to audience with display ads like image & gifs


 







 









                    google shopping ads                
get you e-comm business on top with google shopping ads


 











 









                    social media ads                
plan your ads on social media platforms like facebook, twitter, linkedin, etc.


 







 









                    programmatic ads                
we help you set up cm360 & dv360 accounts for programmatic ads


 







 









                    email marketing                
build your email channel for reaching out to your existing & potential customers


 















what type of digital marketing agency or consultation are you looking for? 
 
for most businesses, ad channel activations are a necessity as it helps brands to promote their services & products. however, analytics, funnel analysis, roi attribution, user behavior, and other analysis is also equally critical.

 















analytics & tracking support 
get more out of your marketing plan with digital analytics

 











 









                    user tracking                
track user activity on your website & app in structured way


 







 









                    behavior analysis                
analyse the user tracking data to understand user behavior


 







 









                    funnel analysis                
trace back to the source that brought the lead or purchase


 











 









                    attribution & roi                
attribute the correct campaign combination for getting the lead/purchase.


 







 









                    crm setup                
help you setup the ideal crm structure for your business


 







 









                    dashboards                
guide you to create what can be the best suitable format for your business


 



















confused where to start? 
we can help you to tackle this problem & guide you towards a successful marketing plan for business growth

 






















make an appointment 
						for any inquiry
					 





contact form demofirst namelast nameemailsubjectyour messagesubmit form 

























 




0

24x7 support 


 










 




0
						+											
clients rating 


 










 




0
						m+											
money saved 


 










 




0
+

plans created 


 















our top reads 
















                        business strategies
                        
                    

                        learn some best practices of the industry and know where and what you can optimize                    





                                    
                                    
                                    read more                                





 
















                        digital marketing
                        
                    

                        understanding what is digital marketing in general and it's different pillars
                    





                                    
                                    
                                    read more                                





 
















                        google ads
                        
                    

                        learn google ad platform for placing your ads on search, display, shopping, youtube & more                    





                                    
                                    
                                    read more                                





 





















best online seo coursesadminnovember 6, 2023
best online seo course for marketers digital marketing | seo...read more







excel formulas for managing seo dataadminoctober 14, 2023
top excel formulas to manage seo data digital marketing |...read more







30 seo tips for beginnersadminmay 12, 2023
30 seo tips for beginners digital marketing | seo the...read more







some key steps for seo fitnessadminnovember 17, 2022
some key steps for seo fitness june 1′ 2023 |...read more




 













 




digital marketing consulting with 10+ yrs of experience in strategy, e-commerce, ppc ads, sem, seo, & smm. let us help you write the script to success 



 


























 







useful links 







 




home








about us








research








blogs





 







 




digital marketing








google ads








google analytics








ms excel





 











subscribe now 



don’t miss our future updates! get subscribed today! 



 



















 











©2024. the show media llc. all rights reserved. 





































