







northeast group


















































0








        skip to content
      



























        our services
      



        about us
      



        our team
      


wms portal













                    get a quote
                  






open menu
close menu




























        our services
      



        about us
      



        our team
      


wms portal













                    get a quote
                  






open menu
close menu
























                  our services
                





                  about us
                





                  our team
                



wms portal





                get a quote
              









































renowned worldwide: with a legacy spanning over 45 years, we are a leading logistics fulfillment warehouse serving a global clientele.prime location: located 30 minutes from the us-canadian border, our plattsburgh facility connects montreal and new york city.ample space: three facilities, 300,000+ sq ft, ready for your needs.




distribution
fulfillment
logistics

made easy.














17m+



orders shipped



square feet of space



350,000



40+



years in business














we’ve masteredreliable distribution.















once we receive your inventory, we assign a unique sku to each item and store them in one of our secure warehouses.



warehousing















when a customer places an order, our team locates the ordered items so they can be picked, scanned and packed. 



picking & packing















once our wms determines the best shipping option, the order is then picked up by ups or fedex to be shipped right to your customer.



delivery














effortless integration with hundreds of platforms.



































































































don't see your platform? contact us to check!














 “we are proud of our diverse services and compounding growth and are committed to helping our clients find new ways to succeed. if your company needs printing, mailing and/or distribution services, we want to talk to you.” michael carpenter, president


























explore our other services.



we can integrate with all the top storefront solutions including shopify, magento, amazon, groupon, volusion & many more.




software integration



we offer seamless rfid label encoding, compatible with leading technologies, ensuring efficient tracking and inventory management for your business.




rfid label encoding



we specialize in kit and display building, providing custom solutions to showcase your products attractively and effectively, enhancing customer engagement and satisfaction.




kit and display building



we offer precise and efficient price ticketing solutions, compatible with leading technologies, ensuring accurate pricing and streamlined inventory management for your business.




price ticketing



our barcoding solutions streamline your inventory management, ensuring accuracy and efficiency in tracking and organizing your products throughout the supply chain.




barcoding



we accommodate custom requests, tailoring our services to meet your unique needs and specifications, ensuring optimal solutions for your business challenges.




custom requests














“we have had the privilege of collaborating with the northeast group since 2008, and their partnership has been instrumental to our success. their unwavering dedication to our company is evident in every aspect of their work, showcasing their attention to detail and professionalism.”emily wang, es sports inc.


























where we are.



we have four expansive warehouse facilities in the plattsburgh area, offering over 350,000 square feet of space. each facility is secured with advanced security systems and 24/7 monitoring.




    get directions
  


   














4 companies, one impact.



our leaders run four local companies in the plattsburgh area that help our community out in many ways.





















































(518) 563-8214the northeast group12 nepco way plattsburgh, ny 12903















©northeast group 2024. all rights reserved.











