















lake forest park, wa - official website | official website









 















skip to main content























 










       





 
 
 



 












search







 
 
 




    city hall      departments      community      how do i...  


 

 

 

 





































 






















city council








agendas & minutes








municipal court























police department








municipal code








passports

























permits & licenses








report a spill








payments























jobs








parks








lfp government tv




















  
 
 



 














popular resourceslet us help you out
 






  
 
 














newsletters








comp plan update








lakefront park property planning process








emergency preparedness








job opportunities










 
 
 



 














news and eventsview events & meetings with us
 






  
 
 











drive safe, arrive safe: new speed limits coming to lake forest park 		


starting february 6, 2025, lake forest park will implement new speed limits to improve safety: local access streets: 20 mph; arterials/collectors: 25 mph. these changes aim to reduce accidents and create a safer, more walkable community for all.				read on...




sound transit bus rapid transit (brt) project information available on new city of lfp webpage 		


over the last several weeks, the administration has received requests for a repository of information about the city’s interactions with sound transit during the stride brt project. we are happy to announce the new webpage is now live.				read on...








the city shares survey results and next steps 		


in november 2024, the city of lake forest park conducted a survey to gather input on community priorities and budget challenges. with a strong 17% response rate, residents shared valuable feedback that will guide future decisions.				read on...




notice: 19001 40th pl ne is private property – no public access permitted 		


the city of lake forest park is excited to announce the acquisition of a 2.32-acre parcel adjacent to five acre woods park! we kindly ask the public to refrain from entering the property at 19001 40th place ne, as it remains private.				read on...





view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 



  
 











feb
17	


city hall closed (presidents' day)

city hall closed (presidents' day)read more…






feb
20	


north king county coalition on homelessness

north king county coalition on homelessnessread more…



city council budget & finance committee meeting (hybrid meeting)

city council budget & finance committee meeting (hybrid meeting)read more…






feb
24	


city council committee of the whole meeting (hybrid meeting)

city council committee of the whole meeting (hybrid meeting)read more…






feb
25	


parks and recreation advisory board meeting (hybrid meeting)

parks and recreation advisory board meeting (hybrid meeting)read more…




view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







17425 ballinger way nelake forest park, wa 98155phone: 206-368-5440more contact info >
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







bids/requests for proposals



community videos



comprehensive plan update



contact the webmaster



council legislation



faqs









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







social media







facebook








twitter








youtube








instagram








nextdoor








notify me®










 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 














home







site map







contact us







accessibility







copyright notices







privacy policy









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
















 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close

















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









