






outer banks vacation rentals | stan white realty & construction






















live support
















stan white



252-441-1515

facebook
twitter
pinterest
instagram
youtube







 menu



outer banks rentals

advanced search
homes by area

nags head rentals
duck nc rentals
south nags head rentals
kill devil hills rentals
corolla nc rentals
manteo rentals
kitty hawk rentals


oceanfront rentals
outer banks condo rentals
outer banks communities
long term rentals


search options

specials

outer banks vacation rental specials



for guests

happy stays app
guest testimonials
rental guest faq
rental policies 
rental services
searching and booking
what to bring
equipment rentals
checking in and out
k club membership



for owners

owner login
ways to generate more money from your rental home
property management testimonials
owner faq
property management services



about us

why stan white realty?
office locations
outer banks blog
contact



the outer banks

beach-nourishment
things to do
outer banks beach policy
events calendar
weather
nags head
duck



sales & construction

sales
construction



close






looking to save on your obx vacation?... see our specials!















outer banks vacation rentals












area
corolla
duck
kill devil hills
kitty hawk
nags head
south nags head






location
oceanfront
semi-oceanfront
semi-oceanfront/first row
oceanside
first row
first block
second block
third block
soundside
soundfront
canalfront






bedrooms
1 +
2 +
3 +
4 +
5 +
6 +
7 +
8 





pet friendly



private pool



hot tub



bed & bath linens




pets allowed
private pool
hot tub
linens



more search options >>










partial week stays
if you can’t stay for an entire week or just need to get away for a few days, don’t worry – there are plenty of options for you.  click here to browse all of our vacation rentals that participate in the partial week stay program.  give us a call and one of our friendly reservationists will provide you with pricing and availability based on the check-in and check-out days you choose.  select properties allow online booking for nightly stays during the off-season.






pet friendly
they’re more than just pets, they’re part of the family.  just so you know, the outer banks is one of the most ideal vacation destinations on the east coast for dogs (and their humans), with plenty of pet-friendly beaches, parks and local attractions.  click here to browse all of our vacation rentals that will welcome your four-legged companions.  book pet-friendly so you can skip the boarding, cancel the pet-sitter, and avoid coming home from vacation to a resentful dog.






bed & bath linens
when it comes to sheets, pillowcases and bath towels, we’ve got you covered… (get it?)  save money and room in the car when you book a home that’s a member of our carolina club linen program.  click here to browse all vacation rentals that include linens and bed-making.  we’ll offer an optional linen package with any property you choose, but only homes in the carolina club provide linens at no additional charge, plus you’ll arrive to freshly made beds.









don't miss out! join our mailing list to receive special offers, news & more













leave this field empty 














featured outer banks rentals: just a few of our vacation homes








sn360 carolina station



8
7

















sn221 peterson



5
3

















sn222 the can & alvin



5
4
















nh244 deckedy-do-da



5
3















cs203 east of the sun



1
2















kd208 atlantic view



5
4
















nh692 friday's harbor



4
2















nh798 brooks



3
2















kd202 peelican's roost



6
2
















nh1212 hawks nest



4
2
















sn426 the lighthouse



4
3

















sn419 quick getaway



4
2















kd100 mai tai



3
2


















for over 50 years, stan white realty & construction has specialized in renting and managing outer banks vacation rental homes on the coast of north carolina. we offer homes from corolla to south nags head.  whether you’re looking for the affordability and convenience of an oceanside cottage or condo, or a luxury obx oceanfront vacation home with all the amenities, we have the perfect outer banks rental for your budget.
browse our outer banks vacation rentals where you can easily compare, and book online. give us a call today to speak with a knowledgeable vacation specialist who can help you find the perfect outer banks rental for your next getaway.
owned and operated by two generations, we know how important family is; after all, that’s what outer banks vacations are all about. so for your next getaway, have less worries and more fun, let our family take care of your family. our commitment to customer service and personalized outer banks vacation rental and management services are two big reasons why our guests return year after year. it’s time to get excited, because you’re only a few clicks away from the perfect outer banks vacation.




featured reviews: word on the street is that we're pretty awesome





"great company, have rented homes with them for two years now. when we go to the beach the last thing we want to worry about are all the little details that go with renting a beach house. we know the house will be clean and well-supplied. check-in literally takes less than a minute! staff are very welcoming and willing go the distance for anything you need!"
 - linda h. from elkridge, md









"from the moment we walked in the door we were greeted with big smiles and a sense of family. the outstanding customer service, friendliness and professionalism we experienced was like no other we had before. we have rented several different properties with stan white based on how many bedrooms we need each year. i can say without a doubt that any vacation home we have rented has always been extremely clean, maintained and made you feel like you were home and not a cottage."
 - larry s. from fredericksburg, va









"it is good to know we can always count on the cheery professionals at stan white to make our annual beach vacation in duck outstanding every year. we have been doing business with this company for well over a decade. whenever we have had a (rare) problem, they take care of it. clean, comfortable rentals and consistent, caring, customer service!"
 - kathleen d. from cary, nc









"we have been vacationing in the outer banks, with the assistance of stan white realty for the past 8 years. the office staff is competent, and understanding, when having problems with the unit. we won't use any realtor other than stan white. we want to go on vacation to relax, not worry about what the condition will be at the rental house. thank you for being number one on our list of qualified customer service providers."
 - mary z. from baltimore, md









"we have used stan white realty every year but two in the last 16 for our vacation rentals in the outer banks. the staff is always knowledgeable, helpful and smiling. the houses are always top notch, well-maintained and full of amenities. the listings are always accurate in descriptions and details."
 - stacey f. from abell, md









"i am continually wowed by stan white realty's staff's kindness and efficiency. it's so easy to reserve a house online. each representative i spoke with in person or on the phone treated me with respect and sincere kindness. it's as if they really wanted me to have the vacation if a lifetime. they think of every detail. i won't even consider renting from anyone but stan white realty."
 - christina l. from jamestown, pa







prev
next



visit our testimonials page >>
read our google reviews >>











nags head office:
(800) 338-3233
(252) 441-1515
2506 s. croatan highway
nags head, nc 27959


duck office:
1232 duck road
duck, nc 27949


mailing address:
p.o. drawer 1447
nags head, nc 27959







(252) 441-1515
09:00am to 05:00pm est office open


















©
2025 stan white
. all rights reserved.

website design by intercoastal net designs






































