

peljesac

























peljesac 
        - hrvatski 














peljesac - croatia


 

navigation:


peljesac - croatia home page


destinations:


peljesac 
            map


orebic


trpanj


geography:


peljesac


croatia


 
            travel information:


general 
            croatia information


arrival 
            instructions


 
            accommodation:


peljesac, croatia - apartments and rooms 


hotels in orebic - peljesac


last minute offer 


 additional information:


complete map of this site 


travel links


 b2b - travel and real estate services 


 



 


b2b - travel and real estate:



do you want to promote your hotel, pension or holiday rentals?
              do you want reliable travel partner in south croatia? 
 


business cooperation


 


 


vlasnici smještajnih kapaciteta!


ako želite prezentirati svoje turističke kapacitete na stranicama peljesac.info - kliknite ovdje: 
 


internet prezentacija


 


croatia 
            holiday info links:


 croatia 
              airlines
jadrolinija
croatia railroads
croatia automobile 
              association 




 

 



 
welcome!


this is the 
                travel guide to peljesac peninsula, 
                second largest in croatia (358 
                km2), located in south dalmatia in dubrovnik region. 
                natural beauty on peljesac still stands against commercial and urban 
                values. that's why we say that peljesac is the place where the nature 
            - is still the nature. we wish you splendid holiday in croatia.


 


 

peljesac 
                      info content:


  
                      our mission is, not only to present the best of what peljesac 
                      offers to it's visitors, but also to maintain manners of 
                      well known southern hospitality - even online. so, if you 
                      don't find information about peljesac you are interested 
                      in - feel free to contact us and ask as for help.
                      currently, we are describing the most attractive peljesac 
                      holiday destinations - orebic and trpanj, but - keep visiting 
                      us regularly, these pages are always updated with new content, 
                  and we will also include other holiday destinations on peljesac.




 


 

holidays 
                      on peljesac

 




peljesac.info 
                       gives you possibility to make reservation of accommodation 
                      on peljesac. apartments, camping from orebic, trpanj, viganj 
                      and other peljesac sites. currently, we are offering you selected 
                    apartments on peljesac by our friends.




 

 

not found what you're looking for ?!



our main desire is that this site is informative to it's visitors. as you probably come here in search for information of peljesac or croatia, please let us know if you didn't find desired information here. of course, we can't cover it all, but we would like to adapt our site to it's visitors - therefore making it better media for our advertisers.
                    please - provide us feedback - just fill type of content you would like to see here in the form bellow. if you include your e-mail address, we will see if we can answer your question, and respond to you as soon as we can.




 type	your	question or suggestion bellow, and press submit




 


 


.or simply search this site or www to find what you need


















web 


www.peljesac.info 












 


 









 

apartment - orebic:





true holiday home - ivanitas owners residence
fully equipped family flat - close to the most beautiful beach in orebic - for affordable price 


orebic - apartments ivanita


 







holiday resort near orebic - adriatic - mikulic
aparthotel, camping, diving center - on the seafront in mokalo.


orebic - adriatic web site


 



 


 


other destination guides:


bol  - croatia 
    unspoiled nature along with second most popular windsurfing spot on adriatic - viganj


bol croatia - home page 





 


apartment - orebic:


dajak apartments - orebic.
enjoy all qualities of urban living, still in splendid and peaceful environment, close to the sea and the main beach. 



 orebic - dajak apartments 


 
































 peljesac - croatia holidays information

 

 




