








































bluffton university












bluffton university to merge with university of findlay – learn more www.findlayblufftonfuture.com×
skip to main content


bluffton universitymenu


close menu




about







about bluffton
bluffton at a glance
directions and campus map
bluffton facilities




events calendar
news
beavers all feature stories
campus directory








admission & aid







admission and aid
visit campus
steps to apply
financial aid




accepted students
adult and graduate students
transfer students
international students








undergraduate academics







undergraduate academics
majors and minors
learn by doing




cross-cultural opportunities
honors
academic resources








adult & graduate academics







adult and graduate academics
mba




master of social work
master of nutrition and dietetics
alternate pathway to education








student life







student life
student engagement
residence life
multicultural affairs




spiritual life
health and wellness
student handbook








athletics







blufftonbeavers.com
athletics hall of fame
team bluffton




intramurals
we remember 3/2/2007















visit
request info
apply
search 






search





close search








current students




popular resources

fall finals schedule
moodle
my.bluffton.edu
arts & lecture events
center for career and vocation
dining menu
student resources
news and events
current students









parents & families 




popular resources

beavers tail-gating
tuition & aid
maps & parking
useful contacts
academic calendar
news and events
parents & families









faculty & staff




popular resources

moodle
my.bluffton.edu
email
dining menu
course catalog
news and events
musselman library
faculty & staff









alumni & donors




popular resources

stay connected
bluffton college foundation
support bluffton
bluffton magazine
news and events
alumni & friends



















experience bluffton

starting with the great adventure in your very first semester, you’ll be challenged
                     to ask the big questions in life. and, surrounded by a village of support, you’ll
                     find your truth through the bluffton blueprint.







learning to succeed in business with a year-long internship




gaining experience in radio, live broadcast, social media, journalism




gaining experience in the classroom as a first year student




gain writing, editing and publishing experience as a first-year student




prepare for the registered dietitian nutritionist exam with 4+1 rnd program




$1,000-$4,000 art scholarships available to promising artists




volunteer experiences increased knowledge and resume for speech-audiology student




competitive full-tuition scholarship available to outstanding nursing major.




$3,000 renewable scholarship available to pre-med majors




expectations for science internships and careers 







committed to growth

ninety-eight percent of graduates are employed or engaged in advanced study or long-term
                        service within six months of graduation. 


guided by values

christian values inspire us through discovery, community, respect and service. you
                        will develop the confidence and skills to lead.


shaped by experience

through the bluffton blueprint, a blend of core courses and experiential learning,
                        you will be prepared for the challenges of life.


rooted in community

at bluffton, it's all about relationships. you will collaborate with peers; learn
                        from faculty and coaches; and grow in your spiritual journey.





profile stories

    at crossroads [crisis center} we don't see our residents as victims or survivors, just as people. the residents are more than just what has happened to them." -displaying resilience read more      "this program allows you to gain experience working as an rn before getting your bsn, which has been really helpful." -not an internship read more      this experience taught me to not to cut myself short. if you don't take the extra step and put yourself out there, you can miss out on great experiences," -working a bowl game read more  






academics
we know that big challenges lead to even bigger payoffs. that’s why we pair rigorous
                        academics with supportive faculty who are invested in your success. here, you’ll grow
                        through life-shaping courses, internships and cross-cultural experiences.





undergrad

check out over 90 majors, minors and interdisciplinary programs.
learn more

graduate

explore advanced degrees in business, education, dietetics and social work.
learn more

adult

called to a second career in the classroom?
learn more










the great adventure
the bluffton blueprint begins with a fall break retreat in the great smoky mountains. all first-year students
                                    are encouraged to reflect on the big questions in life. who am i? what values do i
                                    live by?



cutting-edge lab technology
the austin e. knowlton science center, which opened in fall 2023, features teaching
                                    labs for biology, chemistry, and nutrition and dietetics. 



welcoming and inclusive.
bluffton commits to being an anti-racist community where we share our diverse gifts.
                                    learn more through the multicultural student organization and brave space. the dei committee works to create a welcoming environment for all.



more than classmates and friends.
teamwork brings out the best in a person. whether it’s one of our 18 ncaa diii varsity teams, varsity esports or an intramural team. whether you are competing or cheering in the stands; we are beavers all!



prepared for life as well as vocation. 
take advantage of student research opportunities, internships and the services of the center for career and vocation. nothing should ever stand in the way of the person you are meant to be.


previousnext















latest news




   02.14.2025 foundation launched bluffton college foundation's goal is to invest in educational excellence, infrastructure and innovative initiatives that will ensure bluffton's legacy is maintained on the bluffton campus.  read more   02.03.2025 study trip to peru to conclude his sabbatical, dr. paul neufeld weaver co-led a university of findlay study trip to peru. this is an example of collaboration and shared resources between bluffton and findlay.  read more   01.29.2025 the big reveal 2025 who were in the mascot suits in 2024-25? it can now be told that ella meyers and ally zvara served as j denny and jenny beaver in 2024-25.  read more   01.08.2025 new mnd tracks specialized tracks in eating disorders and sports nutrition have been added to the bluffton university master of nutrition and dietetics.  read more   10.05.2024 maintaining mission bluffton university will again be called bluffton college upon completion of the proposed merger with university of findlay. the timeline is uncertain. the earliest this could happen is 2026.  read more







bluffton university






contact us
directions
campus map
employment opportunities




linkedin
facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube






all rights reserved © 2018 | 1 university drive, bluffton, ohio 45817   419-358-3000



accreditation information
consumer information/general public information and required disclosures
privacy policy




top








 


©

