




































    
    st. elizabeth seton parish: welcome to st. elizabeth seton!
  
  












               st. elizabeth seton catholic church

 


 



       home



  sacraments


   sacraments



  anointing of the sick



  baptism



  confirmation



  eucharist



  first reconciliation



  funerals



  holy orders



  marriage



  reconciliation/confession



  ocia (order of christian initiation of adults)





  about us


   pastoral staff



  pastoral council



  parish finance council



  christian formation commission



  christian service commission



  parish life commission



  worship commission



  parish history



  automated giving



  perpetual adoration chapel



  shop-ses



  ses event photos





  newcomers


   welcome & register



  returning catholics



  learn more





  family faith formation


   general information



  grades k-6



  confirmation



  catholic school





  current events


   current events





  ministry schedules


   liturgical ministries



  loaves & fishes (food pantry)





  bulletin


   weekly bulletin





  contact


   staff



  directions














    
 





       

 mass at st. elizabeth setonsaturday: 5:00pmsunday: 8:30am ~ 10:00am ~ 11:30am ses virtual parishhttps://www.sespastor.org/ weekly bulletins are available at https://www.sesnaperville.org/weekly-bulletin



   

 
as the pastor of st. elizabeth seton parish, i welcome you to our parish website and invite you to explore all we have to offer as a faith community. we have made every attempt to make our website user-friendly in order to answer any questions you may have. we strive to create a loving environment in which people feel welcome to participate and worship. i hope that you will find this to be a friendly and loving community.st. elizabeth seton parish believes in stewardship! we strive to recognize that everything we have is a gift from god. all we have falls into three categories, time, talent, and treasure. these gifts of time, talent, and treasure, are to be gratefully received, shared generously, and returned to god with praise. each of us has much to offer, and i ask you to consider volunteering your time and talent for one of our many ministries.sincerely in christ,rev. scott huggins


    st. elizabeth seton

emergency preparedness brochure



   the parish library is a collection of faith-based books for adults, teens and children located in the room adjacent to the welcome desk in the narthex. 
click here to view the online catalog.

  




   formed is a digital gateway to the best catholic movies, books, videos, teachers and presenters that is easily accessible on most smartphones, tablets and computers. unlimited access is available at no cost as a gift from the parish. just click on this link to register.

  




    




       

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button










    mass schedule

saturday: 5:00pmsunday: 8:30am, 10:00am & 11:30ammonday-friday: 8:15am
 reconciliation

saturday: 4:00-4:30pm
 parish office hours

monday-thursday: 8:00am-4:00pmfriday: 8:00am-2:00pm630-416-3325
 student faith formation office hours

monday-thursday: 9:00am-3:00pmfriday: 9:00am-2:00pm630-416-1992

  parish email

stelizabethseton@gmail.com
 
2025 parish guidebook

 
﻿pope john paul

eucharistic adoration chapel 

(click for hours & details)﻿
 

 all saints catholic academy

preschool through 8th grade1115 aurora ave.naperville, il 60540630-961-6125www.ascacademy.orgmargie marshall, principal



    email phishing


please ignore any email messages from father scott huggins or any of the deacons or staff from st. elizabeth seton that are asking for a favor, asking you to call a number or asking you to buy gift certificates.  these emails are scams! we have been notified that some of our parishioners are receiving these emails and want to assure all of you that no one from st. elizabeth seton is sending them directly. please do not respond or call the number within the email.



   directions:st. elizabeth seton is located at the corner of 87th street and lisson road in naperville.  the parish center is located just south of the parking lot on lisson road. 

  








      
    

  daily readings
  

button




  

  catholic news & perspectives
  

button




  

  simply catholic
  

button




  

  online giving
  

button










    


  2220 lisson rd, naperville il 60565

 
 630-416-3325

 
© 2013-2023 st. elizabeth seton parish




   admin

 powered by our sunday visitor
 login
















































































































  
  share by:







 powered by our sunday visitor





