


mssa - the missouri sport shooting association - home page















home page
newsletter
bylaws
directors
affiliates
contact us




















mssa membership form
board of directors
mssa bylaws
submit articles
apparel store
help wanted





visit us on facebook









mssa/cmp m1 garand drawing
here's your chance to win an historic u.s. caliber .30 m1 garand rifle and help support junior shooters at the same time. ticket donations for the drawing are still only $5 each, and all funds go toward our junior programs.
m1 garand tickets  -  just print, fill out, snip and send (with payment) to mssa.
the drawing will be held at the next mssa awards dinner.


join mssa today!!
the missouri sport shooting association is hard at work supporting youth shooting sports as well as gun rights here in the great state of missouri.  but we can't do it alone. our membership is our strength; we need your help, support and involvement if missouri is to remain a gun-friendly state.
please become a member today!  fill out the mssa membership form and send it along with your membership fee to the postal address on the form.  (we're sorry, but we no longer take credit cards for memberships.)






        the mission of the mssa is to protect and preserve the shooting sports at the state level. mssa will promote and improve the shooting sports by sponsoring marksmanship training and competitions throughout the state of missouri.
        mssa will work for the rights of the gun owner, shooter, collector, hunter, archer, black powder enthusiast, and trapper. mssa will support the free exchange of ideas, information and education related to gun ownership, shooting, hunting, firearms and related topics.
        


mssa is the missouri state association for the national rifle association (nra), usa shooting, and the civilian marksmanship program (cmp), and is a member of the conservation federation of missouri.









   © 2019, by the missouri sport shooting association. all rights reserved.
advertise with us




