






hemisphere design works – world largest kayak manufacturer









































hemisphere design works


























menu

 


home
about
employment





















about us 



we are what we make. 



we make lifestyle water vessels that run on human power. fueled by innovation and american craftsmanship, we lead the empowerment movement, delivering the performance, value, and ease of use that allows our users to take control on the water. 







 
about us









employment opportunities 



thank you for your interest in employment with hemisphere design works. we are currently accepting applications for the following job opportunities. 







 
employment 









news 



hemisphere design works news continually updated from our sources in our headquarters and on the web 







 
news












our story 



 
 







our brands 










  



family. fun. adventure. sun dolphin. 



we make lifestyle water vessels that run on human power. fueled by innovation and american craftsmanship, we lead the empowerment movement, delivering the performance, value, and ease of use that allows our users to take control on the water. 









 



the ultimate kayak in performance and value. 



go farther, faster and more confidently with evoke®. for outdoor enthusiasts, evoke® offers all the extras at an extra good price. evoke® rotomolded kayaks elevate performance and enjoyment, no matter your age and ability. 

















 



paddle out on your next trip with a future beach® kayak. 



future beach is setting higher quality control standards in the small boat business by incorporating space age laser and ultrasonic inspection techniques. 









 



haul out the gear. haul out the deer. 



whether you’re hauling wood or a christmas tree, our super tough sleds are game for anything you need. terrain also carries an easier way back to nature while keeping a dry roof over your head. hunting has never been easier with the wide range of terrain blinds. 















 











 




 we make lifestyle water vessels that run on human power. fueled by innovation and american craftsmanship, we lead the empowerment movement, delivering the performance, value, and ease of use that allows our users to take control on the water. 







 

mon-fri: 8 am – 5 pm; sat & sun: closed


700 terrace point, suite 200


muskegon, mi


email hemisphere design works














© 2019 hemisphere design works.

 














 
















