







ukas accredited fibre optic, photometric and electronic calibration















optical test and calibration ltd











menu

toggle navigation











  home  
about 

about otc
  news  
  jobs  
  map  
contact
newsletters
satisfaction survey

useful links
terms and conditions
approval certificates
legal
fair processing notice
cookie policy



otc's services 

calibration overview
fibre optic calibration
photometric calibration
electrical calibration

repairs
equipment hire

instrument sales

find an instrument for calibration


track your equipment
tracking system demo


arrange collections
request a quote for calibration
instrument sales
contact us



  0 item(s) in basket






home










request calibration quote »
otc was established in 1989 and is the uk specialist for fibre optic, light (lux, uv and luminance meters) 
                and electronic calibration holding ukas accreditation for all three disciplines. our associated knowledge in 
                the fields of data and telecommunications, rf, electrical, solar, pressure and mechanical calibrations means 
                we can provide a one stop shop service for most customers.




go to test equipment shop »
supporting our calibration activities, we now have a range of test equipment available 
                for both sale and hire and all instruments come with the reassurance of otc calibration 
                before shipment. otc is an authorised sales and service centre for fitel (splicers and 
                cleavers), kingfisher (fibre optic test equipment) as well as selling test equipment 
                by exfo, konica minolta and shinewaytech




request collection »
as well as industry leading one-week turnround on in-house calibrations, we have 
                countrywide collections, a team of experienced repair technicians, knowledgeable customer 
                support, subcontract management, ukas and iso9001 accreditation all designed to make your 
                calibration trouble free









specialists in calibration, service, repair and sales of fibre optic, electrical, electronic 
            and photometric test and measurement equipment.

in-house calibration/certification: standard 5-day turnaround with 2-day premium service available on request.
ukas accreditation in these principle areas - fibre optic, electrical, photometric and uv.
bs en iso iec17025 accredited laboratory.
quality management system bs en iso 9001 registered.
direct traceability to si units via primary standards at npl
                    , lne and other acceditated laboratories.
collection and delivery service available via otc transport for large areas of the uk.
complete inventory management available, if required.
automatic recall system to reduce administration costs of maintaining your calibration database.



















  0286  ukas accredited calibration laboratory for those activities as listed on the ukas schedule of accreditation

fs11427


optical test and calibration ltd
19-23 campus road, listerhills science park
bradford, united kingdom, bd7 1hr
t:01274 393857 f: 01274 393336 e: sales@otc.co.uk






copyright ©2017 https://www.otc.co.uk 
























