



























































st. lawrence county news | nny360.com
              



























skip to main content









facebook





twitter





instagram

















site search





search










                        sign up
                    


                        log in
                    







                            dashboard
                        



                            logout
                        








my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items



 logout
                        












news


jefferson county

lewis county

st. lawrence county

oswego county

fort drum

crime & law

government

nation and world

state news

newsletters

police blotters


obituaries





sports


fisu world university games

high school sports

section10

frontier league

all-north coverage

wolves

rapids

red and black

recreational sports

college sports

pro sports

columns




arts and life


food and drink

family and relations

arts and entertainment

home and garden

books and authors

local history

calendar

announcement forms




opinion


editorials

letters

columns

submit a letter

polls




photo and video


daily photo

photo of the month

historical photos

videos

photos & plaques for sale




community news


agriculture

business

education

achievers

community giving

community notes

press releases

allens alley

faith perspectives

health matters

man vs. machine

pets

state and assembly reports




ads


classifieds

nny jobs

nny auto finder

nny real estate

content from samaritan medical center




archives


nny newspapers archives




watertown daily times eedition


desktop eedition

ios app

android app




more nny publications


malone telegram

nny business

nny living




more info & site features


about us

contact us

terms of use

privacy policy

home delivery

subscription services

submission forms

newsletters

photos & plaques for sale

site search

rss feed


report a delivery issue

















about


contact


subscribe


eedition


events




advertising


place an ad


place a legal notice


classified ads


jobs


autos


real estate


submit news tip


report delivery issue




                        sign up
                    


                        log in
                    







                            dashboard
                        



                            logout
                        








my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items



 logout
                        


















powered by watertown daily times andnorthern new york newspapers









9°
clear 











                                
                                    watertown, ny
                                
                                (13601)
today
a mix of clouds and sun during the morning will give way to cloudy skies this afternoon. high around 15f. winds w at 15 to 25 mph.  winds could occasionally gust over 40 mph..
                                
tonight
cloudy skies early, followed by partial clearing. low -4f. winds wnw at 10 to 20 mph.
 updated: february 18, 2025 @ 3:13 am



 full forecast



















site search




search





















menu























                                                        search
                                                    

















jefferson


fort drum


st. lawrence


lewis


oswego


obituaries


submit an obituary


eedition














photo sales


























home




news



st. lawrence county news







                
                st. lawrence county news
                
                    




















        

        
            obpa adjusting bridge traffic measurements in response to international uncertainty

ogdensburg — uncertainty over how tariffs and federal immigration actions may affect ogdensburg-prescott international bridge traffic have ogdensburg bridge and port authority officials reconsidering how they’ll measure bridge traffic at least in the short term.  read more ⇒obpa adjusting bridge traffic measurements in response to international uncertainty





















        

        
            north country hit by another snow storm



















        

        
            state police: missing man found in franklin county died of gunshot wound






















        

        
            massena central capital project currently estimated at $79.9 million

massena — the current price tag for a proposed massena central school district capital project stands at $79.9 million.  read more ⇒massena central capital project currently estimated at $79.9 million


















        

        
            battle of ogdensburgh reenactment set for this coming weekend

ogdensburg — the sound of muskets and canons will once again echo through the streets of ogdensburg as the fort la présentation association and forsyth’s rifles reenact the war of 1812’s battle of ogdensburgh.  read more ⇒battle of ogdensburgh reenactment set for this coming weekend


















        

        
            massena school board members approve new ‘board norms’ handbook

massena — massena central school board members have approved a new handbook that spells out “board norms” after it was amended to address concerns raised by a board member.  read more ⇒massena school board members approve new ‘board norms’ handbook


















        

        
            save the river begins battery recycling pilot program

clayton — save the river is taking charge of the dead battery issue.  read more ⇒save the river begins battery recycling pilot program


















        

        
            massena still seeking grant funding for town highway garage

massena — town of massena officials are still hoping for a new highway garage but the funding isn’t yet there.  read more ⇒massena still seeking grant funding for town highway garage


















        

        
            it’s been a good season for snowmobiling; nny dealer talks about ‘banner year’

malone — winter sports enthusiasts have the gift of plenty of snow this season, and one activity in particular is having a banner year — snowmobiling.  read more ⇒it’s been a good season for snowmobiling; nny dealer talks about ‘banner year’










        

        
            property sales

the following property sales were recorded in st. lawrence county clerk’s office jan. 31, 2025:  read more ⇒property sales


















        

        
            liz joy stresses ‘america first’ platform in campaign for republican nod for ny-21 special election

elizabeth “liz” joy is looking to push for “america first” policies, closely aligned with president donald j. trump, as she pursues the republican nomination in new york’s 21st congressional district.  read more ⇒liz joy stresses ‘america first’ platform in campaign for republican nod for ny-21 special election


















        

        
            potsdam village hires labella for water treatment plant engineering report

potsdam — the village board of trustees has approved a contract with labella associates, which has a potsdam office, for upgrades at the water treatment plant.  read more ⇒potsdam village hires labella for water treatment plant engineering report


















        

        
            deported mexican citizen charged in ogdensburg with unlawfully reentering u.s.

ogdensburg — a traffic stop monday in the city led to a mexican citizen being charged with having entered the united states illegally.  read more ⇒deported mexican citizen charged in ogdensburg with unlawfully reentering u.s.


















        

        
            massena village treasurer working with new computer programs

massena — village treasurer kevin m. felt says conversion to one new computer program has worked out well, while they’re still trying to get the kinks out of a second program.  read more ⇒massena village treasurer working with new computer programs


















        

        
            massena trustee shares concerns about neighborhood traffic

massena — a village trustee reiterated concerns he had shared last summer about traffic in the bridges avenue, ransom avenue and elm circle area.  read more ⇒massena trustee shares concerns about neighborhood traffic


















        

        
            madrid man indicted in attempted break in at ofa

canton — the madrid man who was arrested after allegedly trying to break into ogdensburg free academy and brandishing a knife at a police officer there has been indicted on five felony charges.  read more ⇒madrid man indicted in attempted break in at ofa


















        

        
            deputies: ogdensburg motorist faces drug charges after traffic stop

















        

        
            canton apples expands offerings with new line of hard ciders 

canton apples expands offerings with hard ciders  read more ⇒canton apples expands offerings with new line of hard ciders 


















        

        
            winterfest: pancakes

















        

        
            winterfest: wine tasting

















        

        
            frozen foote, 3 of 4

















        

        
            registration opens for suny canton summer day camps

canton — suny canton will host a variety of fun, educational summer day camps designed for students in a range of grade levels and areas of interest.  read more ⇒registration opens for suny canton summer day camps


















        

        
            new physician joins st. lawrence emergency department

potsdam — rochester regional health’s st. lawrence team has welcomed victor gappmaier, md, as its newest emergency medicine team member. he is treating patients at canton-potsdam, gouverneur, and massena hospitals.  read more ⇒new physician joins st. lawrence emergency department


















        

        
            air products announces latest grant recipients

massena — air products has announced the latest grant recipients from the air products greater massena community fund which it established with the northern new york community foundation.  read more ⇒air products announces latest grant recipients


















        

        
            jcc survey finds north country views similar to rest of nation

watertown — the noon rotary club got a deeper look wednesday at results from the most recent survey by jefferson community college’s center for community studies.  read more ⇒jcc survey finds north country views similar to rest of nation


















        

        
            be a good neighbor: massena trustees talk snow-removal disputes

massena — with plenty more snow in the forecast, snow removal was a subject of discussion during this week’s village board meeting.  read more ⇒be a good neighbor: massena trustees talk snow-removal disputes


















        

        
            flights between ogdensburg and orlando start thursday, run through april

ogdensburg — the inaugural direct flight of breeze airways from ogdensburg international airport (ogs) to orlando, florida. takes off thursday at 11:55 a.m.  read more ⇒flights between ogdensburg and orlando start thursday, run through april


















        

        
            suny canton offering ‘mental health first aid’ training

canton — suny canton will host several “mental health first aid” training opportunities that are open to the public this spring.  read more ⇒suny canton offering ‘mental health first aid’ training


















        

        
            rotary club gears up for annual pie fundraiser

rotary club gears up for annual pie fundraiser  read more ⇒rotary club gears up for annual pie fundraiser


















        

        
            hochul distances herself from plan to change special elections timeline while state senate leader says governor was bill’s main driver

a bill that would radically extend the timeline for the governor to set a special election to fill a vacant congress seat in new york was paused on monday, and on tuesday state leaders seemed to disagree on who actually initiated the bill or pushed to pause its advancement.  read more ⇒hochul distances herself from plan to change special elections timeline while state senate leader says governor was bill’s main driver


















        

        
            dog deaths in waddington raise alarm, suspicion

waddington — on jan. 24, village mayor michael j. zagrobelny was in his vehicle heading south, doing a task he probably never thought would be in his job description as an elected leader.  read more ⇒dog deaths in waddington raise alarm, suspicion


















        

        
            rock charitable fund awards $36k grant to restore stained-glass window at ogdensburg’s notre dame church

ogdensburg — the rock charitable fund, administered by the northern new york community foundation, has awarded a grant of $36,500 to notre dame church, ogdensburg, and will play a crucial role in supporting the restoration of the iconic transept stained glass window that overlooks claxton-he… read more ⇒rock charitable fund awards $36k grant to restore stained-glass window at ogdensburg’s notre dame church


















        

        
            ogdensburg to bond $2.6m for lead service pipe inventory

ogdensburg — the city council will bond $2.68 million to complete its inventory of lead service lines as required for all public water systems by the environmental protection agency.  read more ⇒ogdensburg to bond $2.6m for lead service pipe inventory


















        

        
            national grid grants support projects in canton and potsdam

national grid has announced two grants awarded to the vecino group to revitalize properties in canton and potsdam.  read more ⇒national grid grants support projects in canton and potsdam


















        

        
            matching grant in waddington targets downtown water main

waddington — the oldest water mainline in the village is targeted for replacement courtesy of a matching grant received from the state.  read more ⇒matching grant in waddington targets downtown water main


















        

        
            macomb man charged with contempt for allegedly failing to surrender guns

macomb — st. lawrence county sheriff deputies arrested a macomb man for failing to surrender firearms as required per a court order of protection.  read more ⇒macomb man charged with contempt for allegedly failing to surrender guns


















        

        
            massena trustees table agreement with management personnel

massena — massena village trustees have tabled the approval of a new four-year agreement with management personnel after one trustee said he believes there should be a another requirement to obtain a cdl license.  read more ⇒massena trustees table agreement with management personnel


















        

        
            norwood-norfolk superintendent candidates touring district, holding community forums mar. 3-4

norwood — two candidates for norwood-norfolk central school superintendent will tour the district and meet with faculty, staff, and the public on march 3 and 4.  read more ⇒norwood-norfolk superintendent candidates touring district, holding community forums mar. 3-4


















        

        
            massena man jailed following alleged domestic violence incident

massena — a massena man was jailed after being arrested monday on charges related to domestic violence.  read more ⇒massena man jailed following alleged domestic violence incident


















        

        
            potsdam woman charged with impaired driving in taco bell drive-thru

potsdam — a potsdam woman was arrested for impaired driving with a child passenger in the taco bell drive-thru.  read more ⇒potsdam woman charged with impaired driving in taco bell drive-thru


















        

        
            st. lawrence county grand juries indict four on domestic violence charges

canton — st. lawrence county grand juries recently handed up indictments stemming from alleged domestic violence incidents, including one that involved an individual accused of biting and trying to stab a teenager.  read more ⇒st. lawrence county grand juries indict four on domestic violence charges


















        

        
            heuvelton graduate experiences super bowl media week as part of alfred state’s bandwagon student group

last week, a trio of alfred state college students were set up next to other media outlets from all over the world covering super bowl lix in new orleans.  read more ⇒heuvelton graduate experiences super bowl media week as part of alfred state’s bandwagon student group


















        

        
            royal canadian mounted police add black hawks to border surveillance

akwesasne — the canadian-based akwesasne mohawk police service is informing the community that the royal canadian mounted police have deployed black hawk helicopters to assist in patrolling the canada-u.s. border, including along the st. lawrence river.  read more ⇒royal canadian mounted police add black hawks to border surveillance


















        

        
            hammond won’t seek another term as rensselaer falls mayor

rensselaer falls — village mayor michael s. hammond has announced he will not seek a sixth term in november.  read more ⇒hammond won’t seek another term as rensselaer falls mayor


















        

        
            ogdensburg city council eyes changes to fledgling board of ethics

ogdensburg — the powers, duties and processes of the newly created board of ethics are being fleshed out by city council.  read more ⇒ogdensburg city council eyes changes to fledgling board of ethics


















        

        
            city of ogdensburg seeks bids for marina improvement project

ogdensburg — bids are being sought on a project to make improvements to the city’s municipal marina.  read more ⇒city of ogdensburg seeks bids for marina improvement project


















        

        
            cardboard sleds conquer suny canton hill

canton — suny canton hosted nature up north’s cardboard sled races on saturday.  read more ⇒cardboard sleds conquer suny canton hill


















        

        
            person found dead after house fire in rossie

rossie — state police responded to a fully engulfed structure fire on county route 3 in the town of rossie about 2:30 a.m. saturday. after local fire departments extinguished the blaze and were able to enter the residence, an individual was found dead inside, according to state police.  read more ⇒person found dead after house fire in rossie


















        

        
            paving project for old mcdonald’s explored in canton

canton — at their joint meeting on jan. 29, members of the canton town council and the canton village board of trustees discussed the plans for the space left from the demolished mcdonald’s on main street.  read more ⇒paving project for old mcdonald’s explored in canton


















        

        
            8 appointed to potsdam stormwater management committee

potsdam — the village board voted in favor of the mayor appointing eight people to a committee focused on stormwater management efforts moving forward.  read more ⇒8 appointed to potsdam stormwater management committee


















        

        
            potsdam eyeing food waste collection test program, would need 120 households

potsdam — the village plans to apply for a state grant to fund a pilot program focused on food scrap collection and recycling.  read more ⇒potsdam eyeing food waste collection test program, would need 120 households


















        

        
            massena central ad hoc committee planning senior reception

massena — work is set to begin for an ad hoc committee that’s been formed to brainstorm ideas for a reception for massena central high school graduating seniors.  read more ⇒massena central ad hoc committee planning senior reception


















        

        
            cause of gas price disparities across northern ny difficult to nail down

while gas prices vary widely across the north country, the cause of those disparities isn’t easy to nail down.  read more ⇒cause of gas price disparities across northern ny difficult to nail down























                
                latest news
                
            






        

        
            high school roundup: britton lead sackets harbor in girls basketball win over lyme



        

        
            sackets market reopening in madison barracks



        

        
            obpa adjusting bridge traffic measurements in response to international uncertainty



        

        
            north country hit by another snow storm



        

        
            state police: missing man found in franklin county died of gunshot wound



        

        
            city council to decide on tax package for commerce drive housing project



        

        
            massena central capital project currently estimated at $79.9 million



        

        
            central new york couple builds 8,000-pound igloo on oneida lake





                
                most popular
                
            








        

        
            schumer on anniversary of 10th mountain’s reactivation: division’s significance transcends the battlefield



        

        
            trump wants to revisit chipmaking grants like the one bringing micron to cny



        

        
            tenney introduces bill to make trump’s birthday a federal holiday



        

        
            man charged with murder in shooting in grocery store parking lot in oswego county



        

        
            off-duty pamelia fire captain, in right place at right time, saves trapped family

















































                
                sections
                
            



 home


news


obituaries


sports


arts and life


opinion


podcasts


photo & video


community news


ads


online features





                
                services
                
            



subscription services


submission forms


classifieds


place an ad


calendar


email alerts


search


weather


photos & plaques for sale





                
                contact information
                
            


nny360
    260 washington street
    watertown, ny 13601
    
phone: (315) 782-1000
email: circulation@wdt.net
















×
browser compatibility


your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.we recommend switching to one of the following browsers:

microsoft edge
google chrome
firefox










© copyright 2025
nny360
260 washington street, watertown, ny

 | terms of use

 | privacy policy

powered by blox content management system from blox digital.






























