





dark in the park






click on one of
the legendary new jersey haunted attractions above to learn more about its birth
and demise...




updates:








may
        25, 2024
a complete ride-through
        on dante's dungeon on
        morey's surfside pier in north wildwood. this video was recorded by bill
        cherkasky on may 25th, 2024.











april
        27, 2024
bill cherkasky attended transworld's
        east coast haunters convention at the greater philadelphia expo
        center in oaks, pennsylvania on april 27th, 2024.












january
        16, 2024
dark in the park released
        their documentary on wildwood's castle
        dracula on the 22nd anniversary of the fire that consumed the
        classic dark attraction.  the 27-minute documentary includes
        interviews from angelo nickels (former co-owner of the castle) and b.j.
        nickels (former manager of nickels' midway pier).











october
        27, 2023
bill cherkasky and his
        son liam and daughter emily visited hersheypark
        dark nights on october 27th, 2023. they take you through all five
        dark mazes and give you their opinions and reviews.  this is the
        second year for hershey's dark nights.











october
        13, 2023
on october 5th, 2023, dark
        in the park visited halloween nights at eastern state penitentiary. 
        this montage
        of our trip includes footage from the five different haunt
        mazes.  











september
        4, 2023
morey's fears was a
        halloween themed event held on morey's mariner's pier in wildwood, nj
        during october 2011 and 2012. dark in the park talked with jack morey
        about the possibility of morey's fears returning to the boardwalk. this report
        was produced by bill cherkasky.











august
        11, 2023
this old
        mill boat ride was built in 1929 at playland park in rye, ny. it
        opened during the second season of the park's existence and has been a
        favorite at the park ever since. the ride was re-themed in 1988 as the
        playland waterworks and now features gnomes and evil trolls. this video
        was recorded by bill cherkasky on august 2nd, 2023.












august
        8, 2023
laffland is one of only a
        few operating dark rides manufactured by the defunct pretzel ride
        company, of bridgeton nj. it was built at sylvan beach amusement park in
        1954 and still contains many of its original stunts. this ride-through
        was recorded by bill cherkasky on august 3, 2023.











august
        6, 2023
some video footage of fascination
        at sylvan beach, ny.  fascination is an old form of electronic
        bingo which is played by rolling rubber balls.  











august
        5, 2023
zombie castle is a
        ride-through dark ride located in playland park in rye, ny. the ride
        dates back to the 1930s and was originally a "laff in the
        dark" ride manufactured by r.e. chambers. this ride-through
        was recorded by bill cherkasky on august 2, 2023.











july
        28, 2023
some footage from the soft-opening
        of the morey's piers ghost ship on july 28th, 2023. this is the first
        time the attraction has been open since the summer of 2019. currently,
        only the first floor of the ship is open, but the admission has been
        lowered to 6 tickets. the ride will be open daily at 6 pm moving
        forward. 











july
        15, 2023
the haunted dark ride is
        located on gillian's wonderland pier in ocean city, new jersey. this ride-through
        was recorded by bill cherkasky on july 12, 2023.











july
        12, 2023
monster mansion is a dark
        boat ride located in six flags over georgia in austell, georgia. this ride-through
        was recorded by bill cherkasky on june 19, 2019.











july
        5, 2023
this report
        about the future of the morey's piers ghost ship, located in wildwood,
        new jersey, was produced by bill cherkasky.











june
        28, 2023
pirates of wildwood on
        morey's mariner's pier in wildwood, nj opened for the 2023 season
        on june 25, 2023.  this ride-through
        of the dark ride was recorded by bill cherkasky on opening day.











june
        7, 2023
on september 4th, 2023,
        seph and his girlfriend brit visited the boardwalk in ocean city,
        maryland and went through the "pirates
        cove." built in 1971 by bill tracy, this classic walk-through
        attraction still has its original facade and many original bill tracy
        stunts.











may
        21, 2023
dante's dungeon on
        morey's surfside pier in north wildwood, nj opened for the 2023 season
        on may 21, 2023.  this ride-through
        of the dark ride was recorded by bill cherkasky on opening day.











may
        1, 2023
take a look at this video
        from a defunct walk-through maze in wildwood, nj.  chamber
        of checkers was added in the 1990s to morey's adventure pier on
        robert's ave and last operated during the summer of 2019.
this recording was taken
        by robert krasinski in june of 1998.
 
      










april
        15, 2023
on october 8, 2022, bill
        cherkasky visited jenkinson's boardwalk funhouse on the boardwalk in
        point pleasant beach, nj. it was built in 1998 as a tribute to the
        american and european carnival fun houses of yesteryear.  check out
        this complete walk-through of
        the ride.











march
        19, 2023
on september 4th, 2022,
        seph cherkasky and his girlfriend brit visited the haunted house dark
        ride on the boardwalk in ocean city, md.  the haunted house is a
        classic bill tracy designed ride build in 1964 that still has a ton of
        original bill tracy stunts.  check out this complete ride-through
        of the ride.   











february
        3, 2023
on september 4th, 2022,
        seph cherkasky and his girlfriend brit visited the haunted mansion dark
        ride in rehoboth beach, de.  check out this complete ride-through
        of the ride.   











november
        28, 2022
on november 4th, 2022,
        dark in the park visited pennhurst asylum in spring city, pa for the
        closing weekend of their popular haunt.  check out our vlog
        and review of this attraction.  











november
        20, 2022
take a look at this
        complete ride-through of a defunct wildwood dark ride.  robert krasinski
        took this footage of casa
        macabra in june of 1998.











october
        31, 2022
dark in the park produced
        a documentary on brigantine castle titled, "reliving
        the horror of brigantine castle".  check it out on our
        youtube channel and be sure to subscribe to the channel to support
        future content.











october
        20, 2022
dark in the park visited
        eastern state penitentiary on october 12, 2022 for their popular halloween
        nights event. liam cherkasky produced this vlog
        of the night.











october
        2, 2022
on july 16, 2022, bill
        cherkasky and his wife melissa went through the halloween
        museum at 131 essex street in salem massachusetts.











september
        18, 2022
dark in the park was at
        the opening night of halloween haunt at dorney park in allentown,
        pa.  check out this montage
        of the night on our youtube channel....and don't forget to subscribe for
        more great content!











september
        11, 2022
dark in the park visited
        kennywood park in pittsburgh, pa on july 1, 2022 and went through the
        last remaining noah's ark funhouse in the world.  check out this
        complete walk-through of the ark
        from our youtube page.  











september
        1, 2022 
higher resolution copies
        of the long
        branch haunted mansion tv commercials were added to our youtube
        page.











august
        27, 2022
we added a complete
        ride-through of the ghostwood estate dark ride from kennywood park in
        pittsburgh, pa.  bill cherkasky took this footage on july 1, 2022.











august
        21, 2022
on saturday, august 13th,
        2022, seph cherkasky from dark in the park visited the george f. boyer
        museum in wildwood, nj for the castle
        dracula memorial and book release party. the event was held to
        remember the castle and celebrate the release of mike jasorka's new
        book, "castle dracula & dungeon: employee handbook
        illustrated".











august
        7, 2022
check out this complete
        ride-through of the old golden
        nugget mine ride from the former hunt's pier.  this recording
        was taken by robert krasinski in june of 1998, which was the last year
        the ride operated in wildwood.











august
        1, 2022
see a rare ride-through
        of "dark
        river" shot by robert krasinski in 1998.  "dark
        river" would eventually become "pirates of wildwood" in
        2004.











july
        27, 2022
see a complete
        ride-through of "dante's
        dungeon" on morey's surfside pier in wildwood, nj.  this
        was recorded by bill cherkasky in july of 2022.











on
        saturday, august 13th from 12-3 pm there will be a release party for ‘castle
        dracula & dungeon: employee handbook illustrated’ by mike jasorka. 
        books will be available for purchase at the event. come dressed as a
        cast member and get $5 off your book purchase.  meet former cast
        members and one of the owner/operators of castle dracula himself, john
        nickels! 
jasorka is an illustrator
        and comic book publisher who also published "wildwood days of doo
        wop" and "mr. fascination".
get more details about
        the event on facebook. 











july
        18, 2022
watch this complete
        walk-through of the the international
        monster museum in salem massachusetts.











july
        13, 2022
check out this 8mm movie
        footage of walt disney world's magic
        kingdom from 1972.











july
        10, 2022
dark in the park visited
        waldameer park in erie, pa, to report
        on their two classic bill tracy attractions.  












june
        29, 2022
check out this footage of
        "haunted golf"
        located on the boardwalk in ocean city, new jersey.












june
        29, 2022
watch a complete
        ride-through of "pirates
        of wildwood" which is located on morey's mariner's pier in
        wildwood, new jersey.  this attraction just opened after being
        closed the last two summers due to the pandemic.
 
      











june
        29, 2022
check out some footage of
        orlando's now defunct "skull
        kingdom" from 2002.












october
        17, 2021
bill cherkasky and his
        two kids review dorney park's
        halloween haunt from october 15th, 2021.  they rate all of the
        halloween mazes on a scale of 1 to 10.
 
      










bill
        and liam cherkasky return to six flags great adventure to check out
        their halloween themed event. due to covid-19, the event was scaled down
        and called "hallowfest" rather than their usual "fright
        fest". we visited on september 26th and did all four halloween
        mazes.  check out our vlog here.











michael
        yannette, former operator of a haunt in seaside heights, started
        creating haunt nostalgia pieces for new jersey haunts of the past. 
        check out his work here: https://thanatosproductions.com/collections/haunt-nostalgia











march
        29, 2020
we uploaded three dark
        ride ride-throughs sent to us by nick mancini onto our youtube
        page.  the three ride-throughs were recorded in coney island, ny in
        2005 and include dante's
        inferno, spook-a-rama
        and ghost hole.











march
        29, 2020
liam and bill cherkasky
        give a tour
        and review of the haunted attractions at six flags great adventure's
        fright fest on october 5th, 2019.  great adventure dates back to
        1974 and is located in jackson township, nj.











march
        29, 2020
liam and bill cherkasky
        give a tour
        of dorney park's haunt from october 26, 2018.  dorney park dates
        back to 1884 and is located in allentown, pa.  











march
        23, 2020
relive a trip to
        clementon lake park from 1958!  this footage
        was taken by our father, joseph g. cherkasky, on 8mm film back in the
        summer of 1958 when clementon lake park was still a happening
        place.  this film includes footage on the now defunct 1919 jack
        rabbit roller coaster.  unfortunately, the park closed in september
        of 2019 and its future is unknown.  













october
        22, 2018
seph cherkasky has added
        3 more reviews to his article on halloween
        attractions of the north east. these additions include reaper's
        revenge, dorney park's haunt, and universal orlando's halloween horror
        nights.  by reviewing universal's halloween horror nights, seph is
        branching out to the southeast with his reviews.











august
        1, 2017
seph cherkasky,
        co-founder of dark in the park, has recently opened a castle dracula
        themed escape room in philadelphia titled, "dead by dusk: escape
        from castle dracula".  the meticulously themed attraction was
        one year in the making and includes some props from wildwood's castle
        dracula as well as other classic haunted attractions.  for this
        escape room, you have one hour to solve puzzles to traverse through four
        different themed rooms and escape the castle before the sun goes down
        and dracula awakes.  the unique attraction is located near the
        university of pennsylvania at 4751 woodland avenue.  
this attraction had a
        successful run, but is no longer open. 
 










 
      
october
        1, 2015
seph cherkasky has added
        6 more reviews to his article on  halloween attractions of the north
        east.  these additions include valley of fear, sleepy hollow,
        lulu's house of horrors, six flags great adventure fright fest, horror
        fest at shady brook farm, and bates motel and haunted hayride.












september 10, 2015
on august 26th, 2015,
        steve spatucci released breach point, a young adult book inspired
        by brigantine castle.  the book follows high school sophomore clara
        tuffney as she spends her summer with her aunt in breach point, new
        jersey to pursue an internship.  while there, she becomes
        interested in breach point castle, a haunted attraction that
        mysteriously burned down in the 1980s.  by chance, she meets a boy
        whos uncle used to work in the castle.  this encounter will lead
        her through a whirlwind of events that exposes the supernatural secrets of the
        defunct castle.  
although the book is
        geared toward young adults, people of all ages will enjoy its easy to
        read story filled with suspense and mystery.  fans of brigantine
        castle will also enjoy the similarities of the two haunts. 
        example: brigantine castle's owner was carmen ricci.  breach point
        castle's owner was carlo rizzieri.  the book also includes a ton of
        bonus material which describes the origins of the book, the writing
        process, and the inspirations for the places and characters.  
steve spatucci lives in
        cherry hill, new jersey and was intrigued by brigantine castle as a kid
        but never had the opportunity to go through the haunt before it
        closed.  he is now a writer,  designer, illustrator, animator,
        developer and musician.  he plans on releasing two sequels to breach
        point in the near future.
if you would like to
        purchase a print or electronic copy of breach point, search amazon
        or visit the book's official website: www.breachpointbook.com
 
      













relive the sights and sounds
        of west point park, a small defunct amusement park that was located in
        lansdale, pennsylvania.  the park was opened in 1868 by hezekiah
        zeiber, a civil war veteran.  the park remained in operation until
        1988, when it was sold to a developer and houses were built in its
        place.  this video was taken by me, bill cherkasky, and my father
        joseph during a work picnic on june 25, 1988.  although my family
        usually visited dorney park, i had the opportunity to visit west point
        park on several occasions before it closed.  my most vivid memories
        of the park were of the rickety jumper roller coaster.  it
        always looked and felt as if it were on the verge of falling
        apart.  during this visit to west point, i decided to walk around
        and document the park with the family camcorder.  little did i
        know, the park would close for good a few months after this footage was
        taken.  all that remains of the park today is the lake
        where the swing ride was located.

this is a
        current picture of the old west point park lake.  the house to the
        left owns the lake, the little island, and the bridge that connects to
        their back yard.  18 houses were built on the land that occupied
        the former amusement park.












september 23, 2014
seph cherkasky provides reviews
        of some well-known halloween attractions of the northeast.












december 15, 2013
david bone, a huge fan of
        horror attractions, recently released his first novel, styrofoam
        throne.  the book takes place in coastal california during the
        summer of 1984.  a 16-year-old boy named donovan, against his
        mother's wishes, manages to land his dream job working in a seaside
        haunted attraction called castle dunes.   at the castle,
        donovan finds love, mischief, and a sense of belonging that he had never
        before experienced.  the summer of '84 becomes one that donovan
        will never forget.
david bone was born in
        new jersey, but grew up in california.  he based his fictional
        castle dunes on brigantine castle,  but combined it with bits of
        other horror attractions across the country that he found interesting
        such as santa cruz boardwalk, skull kingdom in florida, knotts scary
        farm, and universal horror nights.  as you read the book, you will
        notice the many similarities to brigantine castle such as the fortune
        telling oracle, the creepy television commercials, and the dracula
        jumping onto the fireplace mantel scare.  
if you like horror,
        haunted attractions, or a good coming-of-age novel, then styrofoam
        throne is for you.  you can check out david
        bone's website for links on purchasing your own copy.









carmen j. ricci, the person
        responsible for building brigantine castle and long branch haunted
        mansion, passed away peacefully on july 21, 2012. he was a talented
        visionary that brought joy and fear to thousands of people. our
        condolences go out to his family.  below his if obituary.
carmen j. ricci, of lanoka harbor,
        passed away peacefully at home on july 21st, 2012. he was seventy-three.
        born in philadelphia, carmen lived most of his life in seaside park
        before moving to lanoka harbor with his wife, nixa ricci, eighteen years
        ago. he was the owner of sonny's & rickey's amusements, and a
        central, influential figure in the new jersey boardwalk community for
        six decades. he was predeceased by his parents, anthony ricci and vita
        dichiara ricci, and his brothers, angelo and thomas ricci. surviving are
        his daughters michelle rindone, lisa ricci, theresa petaccio, colleen
        rosenblum, and nixa risk, his son samuel della sala iii, his
        daughter-in-law jennifer della sala, and his son-in-laws raymond rindone,
        randy rosenblum, and michael risk. also surviving are carmen's
        grandchildren: carmen, andrea, stefano, raymond jr., jennifer, kelsey,
        jordyn, maya, nicholas, aidan, collin, and kaylyn.
















on october 14th, 2011, bill and
        seph traveled to knoebel's amusement resort in elysburg, pa to check out
        the reincarnation of one of their favorite childhood rides.  after
        two years of hard work, the knoebel's rebuilt the former golden nugget
        mine ride from wildwood, nj as the black diamond.  this 7 minute
        report includes an interview with dick knoebel, president and co-manager
        of the park.














several
        great pictures from bill schweitzer and tina frietsch were added to
        castle dracula site.  they can be found in the following locations:




13 new
        pictures were added to the castle
        dracula exterior section 




8 new
        pictures were added to the dungeon
        boat ride section 




a new
        picture was added to the castle
        dracula entrance hall 




a new
        picture was added to the castle
        dracula display 














morey's piers in wildwood, nj
      hosted an opening ceremony for its new 3 million dollar dark attraction
      titled, ghost ship. this invitation-only ceremony was held on may 28th,
      2010 at 11:45 pm.  dark in the
      park was present and documented the event by producing a  7-minute
      report.














on january 31st, 2009, morey's
      piers hosted a farewell ceremony for the golden nugget mine ride in
      wildwood, nj.  the golden nugget was a custom roller coaster dark
      ride that first opened in 1960.  the ride has not operated since 1998
      and will be removed by the start of the 2009 season.  dark in the
      park was present at the ceremony and documented the event by producing a
      13-minute report.












the memories of wildwood, nj
      article was updated to include pictures of the golden
      nugget farewell ceremony. 














the much anticipated "sounds"
      section has been added to the castle dracula site.  listen to the
      classic robotic dracula sound recording as well as other memorable
      tracks.











pictures and
      information about the haunted castle from six flags great adventure. 
      the content came from an 1984 issue of amusement park journal sent
      to us by chris and stacey smilek.










check
      out several pictures from
      the 1977 first season of castle dracula, wildwood, nj.  these
      pictures were sent to us by donal o'hanlon, a former castle employee.









a
      1978 long
      branch haunted mansion tv commercial was added to the
      "advertising section" of the haunted mansion site.  the
      commercial was sent to us by jesse skeen.









higher resolution
        versions of the brigantine
        castle television commercials were added to the "advertising
        section" of the brigantine castle site.







check out
      several 1992 pictures of the
      remains of dreamland park, a small defunct amusement park near reading,
      pa.  the photos were sent to us by nancy disanto.







a
        different version of a brigantine
        castle brochure was added to the "advertising section" of
        the brigantine castle site.  the brochure was provided by ray horan.






two new pictures were added
        to the brigantine castle site courtesy of chris jahn.  one
        picture shows the pier from one of the castle's parapets.  the other
        picture features some castle actors.







some new pictures of castle
        dracula were sent to us by former castle manager anita wheeler.  main
        room, dungeon boat
        entrance, execution
        room







some new pictures of
        brigantine castle were sent to us by former actress theresa sarris-welsh. 
        castle picture, actor
        pictures











take a look at some current
        pictures of the new development at the former site of the long
        branch amusement pier.








take a look at a rare
        employee handbook for wildwood's castle dracula and dungeon boat
        ride.  this copy of the handbook was sent to us by anita wheeler,
        former worker and manager of castle dracula.   also, anita
        sent us a castle dracula ad
        from an old copy of sunny days magazine.










read about seph cherkasky's
        halloween eve visit to the dark rides of niagara falls in this article, dark in the park goes to niagara
        falls.










check out the rare aerial
        photos of this defunct amusement park outside of reading, pa.  the
        three photos can be seen in the article
        about dreamland park.










a book about the dreamland
        park murders was recently published by two local authors.  the
        book, which features a picture from our site on the cover, is available
        from borders books in wyomissing, pa.  you can read more
        details about the book or read our article
        about dreamland park. 










read the winning
        entries of our dark in the park writing contest.










check
        out this article about
        the current dark rides of seaside heights, new jersey.  the article
        was written by seph cherkasky.









check
        out this article   about wildwood,
        new jersey written by bill cherkasky.







 






















 

 
 
 
home 
|  brigantine castle online |
 dracula's castle 
| haunted mansion of long
branch 
articles
|  in
the news | related
links |  message
board | about
this site | send
us mail
 


 
 
 
this site was last updated 05/31/24

©
2022 dark in the park.  this site was created by bill and seph cherkasky.



