

home | garden city public schools


















































































skip to contentskywardclasslinkstaffschool calendarsearch sitegarden city public schools - quality learning-responsible citizensskywardclasslinkstaffschool calendarsearch sitemenuschoolstranslatemenuschoolstranslatecollapse menuapply now!enrollment 24-25pay student feesfree & reduced appez meal payskip galleryend of galleryboecalendarsnutritionparentshiringstudentsstaff directory

 about us 

see all stats











 








spotlight“mark has gone above and beyond by mentoring new teachers and taking a leadership role within our science department. our buffaloes are lucky to have him leading our herd!” steve nordby - gchs principal“caitlin is one of the most passionate and caring educators i have ever worked with. she goes above and beyond for her students and spends countless hours helping other special education teachers in our district. caitlin is the definition of a  servant leader!"lucas sullivan - achieve principal “mrs. currin demonstrates amazing leadership in jennie wilson.  she prioritizes having amazing relationships with students and staff as well as creating an inviting and positive learning environment. she is the heart beat of our school community and shows that everyday!"adriana caro - jw principal“mrs. hauck is the heart of our school, consistently displaying excellence in her work and dedication to our students and staff. her presence fosters a sense of community, making everyone who walks through our doors feel welcomed and supported."david deloach - gw principal“gracie’s dedication is truly inspiring—she’s not only stepping up as a long-term sub in science but is also balancing her time and energy while working toward her teaching degree. her commitment to her students and the school is nothing short of remarkable."tracy leiker - vo principal"oby displays positivity, is self-motivated, and has exceptional problem-solving skills. his calm and decisive approach to chaotic situations, along with with his ability to learn quickly, make him an invaluable asset to the transportation department."shane burns - transportation director"ms. rachel consistently demonstrates excellence in her work every day. she takes great pride in maintaining our building and truly cares about the environment she helps create."macy younger - khms associate principal"ms. wendy fosters a sense of belonging, helping students navigate their new environment with confidence and ease."andrea baker & melanie garrison - garfield principals“mrs. bowden is a consistently positive and uplifting at school. every day, she comes in with a smile and has excelled at building strong relationships with her students. always willing to lend a hand, she approaches everything with enthusiasm."brad hill - bsic principal"kerri goes above and beyond by creating a welcoming environment in the cafeteria, where students feel cared for and supported. her attention to detail and passion for healthy eating make her an invaluable part of our school team."julie koerperich - ab principal"rosemary is an outstanding teacher whose caring nature and dedication shine in all she does. her commitment to student success and her genuine investment in their growth make her a truly invaluable part of our school community.”ben luna - bj principal"paige is an exceptional teacher and leader whose commitment to learning initiatives inspires both students and colleagues. she consistently supports her fellow teachers and works tirelessly to ensure that every student masters the skills needed for success."ben luna - bj principal“jorge is a good man who is always willing to learn new tasks and is very good at the tasks that are assigned to him.”ken kerr - maintenance managerfind usgarden city public schools1205 fleming st.garden city, ks 67846phone 620.805.7000fax 620.805.7198ksde kansascan talking pointsstay connectedpublications required by this statute “shall be published with an easily identifiable link labeled “accountability reports” located on such district’s website homepage.” these publications “shall be made available to the public at every meeting held by the board of education of each school district when the board is discussing the district’s budget or any other school finance matter. “ c) per k.s.a. 72-1181, the financial accountability report prepared by ksde must be published on each school district’s website. link to accountability reports: https://datacentral.ksde.org/accountability.aspxthis institution is an equal opportunity employer | notice of non-discriminationcopyright © 2025 garden city public schools. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more



