




tylers' territory











 

























tylers' territory
is about collections.
	they can be described as being 
	about people, places, plants,
	projects, and publications.
	pass your mouse pointer over
	the icons to see the details.
	we hope you enjoy our collections.


book reviews
visitors to tylers' territory know of our love of travel. books open a whole new world to the arm-chair traveler.  in this world, we are not limited to geography and sightseeing, but we can visit explore human relationships, and learn about anything that is of interest at the moment. come see what books have captured our interests recently.




tylers' travels
is a collection of pictures
	from our travels in north america
and around the world.
these pictures can inspire 
some to visit the locations,
instruct those who plan to visit,
and invoke pleasant memories 
among those who have.
those who don't travel find
enjoyment in taking vicarious
trips with us.


fabulous foods
is a collection of some of
	our favorite recipes.
you are invited to 
sample them. they are
formatted to print so
that you can cut them out
and tape them to 3" x 5" 
index cards.






computer tips
this is a place where computer
newcomers can discover some of
the basics. the section includes
some tips and some tutorials on
how-to accomplish some basic tasks.


our family album
began as a project to preserve our
family pictures and share them
 with our children.
it is becoming a pictorial family
genealogical record without the
statistics. we have collected
a few pieces of the genealogical 
record from family members.
those are presented along
 with the pictures.


friends & flowers
everyone likes to see their friends on tv. we do the next best thing and present a few friends among some of the flowers we have enjoyed at our west texas home. we must choose plants by their ability to survive the summer heat in addition to the possible winter cold. we choose friends just as carefully. some are presented in pictures to be enjoyed the year around.


publications
this sections includes articles
from userfriendly, the newsletter
of the permian basin computer users group.
the articles were written by the 
members, and include some tips
and traps of the world of computers. 


the history pictures
 are from the family collections,
and are of historical interest.
they are not necessarily of family
 interest.
these pictures are presented so 
that the younger viewers can see
how it was back then...
or, how it will be in the future. 
check for new content.


our home we recently moved
 to a new home.
 these pictures show 
 the process of making 
 a former model home
 our own.


projects
one is a ms access program written by pat tyler. it is a software catalog, and presented for your instruction.another is an illustrated set of instructions by steve dudley on how to use winzip to make compressed zip files. steve also shows you how to extract files to make them usable.


the free stuff
includes softwareprograms written by pat tyler.
they were written
mostly as learning projects
for her instruction
and presented for your enjoyment
or instruction.





















































 







 search tylersterritory.com 
 search www 































spammers have ruined it.
the guestbook is gone.





