









plate-mate | catering plate carrier | mobile plate stacking system





















































 








home
about us
contact us
find a rep
sign up
blog

0 items
 












plate-mate models

standard
collapsible
table top
twin
wall mounted


accessories

covers
tray support set
wall support
party clips


parts
resources

about the plate-mate
why buy a plate-mate?
photo & video galleries
customer testimonials
trade show schedule
warranty
spec sheets
autocad files
quick tips
blog


faqs
request quote
 





select page


  
 



 



 














plate stacking systems from plate-mate®the plate-mate plate stacking & serving system saves space, labor, time and money. if you have a space problem in your kitchen, we have the solution. ideal for use as a catering plate stand and catering plate carrier. use our site to find the plate rack that is perfect for your needs.
plate-mate plate stacking system can make multiple plate handling a cinch whether it is in your commercial kitchen, used as banquet equipment, a catering event, or even a ship’s galley. plate-mate speeds service and saves labor costs with it’s dinner plate trees.
all plate-mate plate racks and trolleys are designed with adjustable arms that allow for plates, dishes, or trays of varying shapes and sizes to be quickly, simply, and securely stored as well as removed with the greatest of ease. they are widely used in commercial kitchens: restaurants, cafeterias, resorts, casinos, hospitals, nursing homes, cruise ships, hotels, and more.

view the benefits of using a plate-mate












 
			standard plate-mate		








 
			collapsible plate-mate		








 
			table top plate-mate		








 
			twin plate-mate		










 
			wall mount plate-mate		








 
			plate-mate accessories		








 
			parts		














shipping
all wheeled carts are shipped skidded via ltl freight at freight class 250 using nmfc#164390-03 and are non-stackable freight. not shipping our wheeled models may result in our warranty not being honored.









plate-mate online store







the plate-mate stacking & serving plate holder system has been especially designed and engineered to permit food to be prepared and plated in advance without taking up valuable counter space; thereby quickly freeing prep room for more catered course plating. plate-mate plate stacking system is sturdy and needs practically no maintenance.
plate-mate catering plate racks are high quality commercial plate holders that are useful in any catering and commercial kitchen. our plate tree stack – like plate holder can be used by many. whether you are a chef trying to serve food hot to a large group or a caterer with 3 different courses to plate all at once, the plate-mate is the useful and industrial quality server you need.
learn how caterers and chefs use the plate-mate



 










plate-mate, inc. u.s.a.
plate mate6521  fulton rd. nwcanton, oh 44718.toll free: 800-860-6283local: 330-477-7575hours: 9 a.m. – 5 p.m. weekdays













sign up for the latest updates fromplate mate
email address:(required) 



email & social media marketing by cazbah












home
request quote
contact us
find a rep
find a plate-mate dealer
















copyright © 2025 by plate-mate, inc



followfollow



 





 














internet marketing solution & design by cazbah


