
cabins
yosemite national park, weather in yosemite national park, yosemite
national park guide, pictures of yosemite park, camping, national park
lodging, etc.














contents






home
maps
activities
lodging







          camping
weather
photos
bears
jobs



the







                best time to visit yosemite!




the







            ahwahnee







            hotel




glacier







            point




tuolumne meadows





curry







              village





house







              keeping







              camp




high sierra camps




how to "do"







            yosemite





the







                top 5 best day hikes





white







                water rafting!




nps student intern program





yosemite







              phone numbers
















 














features





 secrets 



              revealed!!  
5 sure-fire ways 



              to invite a bear into your campsite!!



            and, how 



            not to pick up a rattlesnake;



            click here and 



            see the video!










the



            best time to visit yosemite




you decide!  go



            here.












yosemite



            pictures





go



          here!
philhawkinsphoto.com



























          auf deutsch, 
en francais, 



          en espanol












a woman's first visit 



            to yosemite; alone!  



this 



            gal got her fill of the louisiana humidity and jumped in the car and 



            moved west!  her story:  



            go here!















                  currency conversion 




















            refer this yosemite site to a friend!



          

















          garrett's yosemite






          i received an e-mail from garrett who lives somewhere in central 



          california.  you think i exaggerate the beauty of yosemite?  

          this puts it better than i have ever heard it described, even from 



          john muir himself.  amen, garrett! 



          garrett's yosemite; go here




 





how 



          not to pick up a rattlesnake



read my story of 



          carelessness and it's consequences.



          go here













            about this site








                  (5/26/12) tioga rd. (hiway 120) is temporarily closed due to snow



watch your driving!  leos are cracking down!






                  go here
**********************************

angry readers are asking:


how can reservations be sold 



                  out 5 minutes after the advance reservation period opens?? 
go 



                  here for the depressing answer; it's the same for both 



                  campsites and hotel rooms





                  **********************************
announcing the 2013 schedule



                  for the
yosemite series of photography 



                  workshops!
by
phil hawkins
yosemite photographer for 28 years
the finest photography workshops in yosemite; 



        week long and weekend workshops in all seasons!
see:




        yosemitephotoworkshops.com
***************************new!



        yosemite family portraits now available!

see 



        http://philhawkinsphoto.com for more information



***************************





yosemite. there is just 



          something about yosemite that washes away your sadness, your daily 



          concerns, your worries.  entering the valley dissipates your 



          tension.  you're a measurably happier person when you come out of 



          the tunnel and see that famous tunnel view.  people are genuinely 



          friendlier; complete strangers strike up conversations as if with a 



          close relative.  even bad weather is downright enjoyable and 



          visually stunning.  

                  you can break your neck looking at the incredible vistas in 



                  yosemite valley; the cliffs, the waterfalls, the way the 



                  sunlight illuminates different rock formations at different 



                  times of the day, and in different weather.  the feeling 



                  you get when you're in tuolumne meadows and the backcountry 



                  wilderness; no worries, no pressure, no phones, no bosses, no 



                  nothing.  the peace that descends upon you as you lie on 



                  a blanket or sleeping bag in a tuolumne river meadow under 



                  cloudless, cobalt blue skies, or under a blanket of stars, the 



                  clarity of which is overwhelming. you're looking at the views, 



                  and listening intently to the incredible quiet, with only the 



                  sound of a slight wind in the trees, or the distant lazy wail 



                  of a red-tail hawk to remind you "it's not a dream". 
i've backpacked many, 



          many times, skied, hiked, white-water-rafted, ridden bikes and horses, 



          encountered bears, car-camped, fished, star-gazed, meteor-watched, 



          photographed, videoed, picnicked, had snowball fights, scratched a 



          gazillion mosquito bites, battled squirrels for my food, been bitten 



          by a rattlesnake, and just plain relaxed in almost every part of the 



          park. (sorry, i haven't been rock-climbing yet...)  i've been 



          there in spring, summer, fall and winter, morning, noon and night.
the term "magical 



          place" is an oft-heard description that the casual observer would 



          dismiss as marketing babble. not so!  yosemite is magical.  

          it's the other side of the rainbow.  it's the cure for the 



          damaged soul.  it is, shangri-la.  
enjoy!






















            one of the most enjoyable aspects of maintaining this website is 



          hearing from people all over the world who have questions about their 



          upcoming trip to yosemite. there's not a day goes by that i don't 



          receive e-mail!  got a special question?  or, if you see a 



          typo or inaccuracy, please let me know! thank you!



              e-mail: 
phil.hawkins@sbcglobal.net
the following comments are unsolicited:
"i used your website to help plan a 



          backpacking trip in yosemite a few years ago and i can't thank you 



          enough. it is a great resource."
regan (from los angeles)
-and-
"first of all, thank you so much for 



          your incredible website -- so much more informative than the official 



          ones! also, your passion for yosemite really is infectious, and i'm 



          very excited about going!!!"
nicky g. (from england)
-and-

"i really like 



          your site and share it with my friends all the time. it is great for 



          both yosemite neophytes and those of us who go every year (sometimes 



          more than once a year)."




          kim k. (from los angeles)
-and-
"i have to praise 



            you on this spectacular website.  so far i find it to be the most 



            informative, most helpful, and most comprehensive.  it is so 



            organized and it has personality.  it is a joy to use.  do 



            you have a travel manual published? 

unlike others, i 



            plan to take heed of your warnings on certain road accesses.  we 



            will be closer to merced but will make the extra distance to hwy 41. 



            (besides, isn't chuckchansi somewhere near there?)   

i shall keep your 



            site bookmarked in case anyone i know decides to visit yosemite. 



            thank you."

mary (from parts unknown)
-and-
"i wanted to drop you a line and say 



          that your website is a great traveler's resource!  i am planning a 



          motorcycle trip and, while i won't be stopping in yosemite, i was 



          thinking about driving through it on my way from san francisco to 



          nevada.  naturally i went to google and began looking for advice on 



          such a trip (ie, would it be better to simply go around), and that's 



          where i found your site.




          your descriptions of all the roads going to/from/through yosemite are 



          amazingly helpful, but the part i truly appreciated was that you 



          posted all of the dissenting comments re: painful roads.  you had 



          nearly talked me out of driving through the park, but those comments 



          convinced me to go ahead and try it.  i am glad you decided to share 



          those, thanks for taking the "democratic" approach!




          keep up the awesome work!"
dan (from parts unknown)
-and-
"just a short note to congratulate 



          you on your excellent website - i thought



          your snake bite video was the best i've seen - i too grew up in texas 



          - and



          learned (fortunately vicariously) to respect our slithery friends - if



          you're ever up this way, stop by and visit - i'll tell you about a 10' 



          boa



          in the philippines i put to a good use one time."
joe r. (from groveland, ca)
-and-
"thanks for your fabulous 



          website!"
kathleen (from parts unknown)




          -and-
"thanks for the great site.  we only 



          have one day set aside for our yosemite visit.  staying in oakhurst 



          before our big day and staying in groveland after our visit.  your 



          site was just what i needed to get acclimated before our short, short 



          visit.  thanks so much.  looking forward to a piece of heaven on 



          earth!"
 barb  (from oneonta, 



          ny)
-and-
"first off thank you for this amazing 



          information resource, i wish we had discovered it prior to our last 



          trip."
richard f. (from parts unknown)
-and-
"i have been a visitor and fan of 



          your 'yosemite fun' site for a few years now since i found it by 



          accident.  thank you for such a great site for info!  thanks for 



          your time and all you do to promote the wonder and majesty of the most 



          beautiful place on earth!"




          ben k (from parts unknown)
-and-
"my wife and i 



            are planning a trip to yosemite later this month, and while looking 



            for info on the park and surrounding area, i stumbled upon your web 



            site and have been very pleasantly surprised with the amount of info 



            you have. your site has been a great help to us in our planning. 



            thanks"

darrell c. (from snellville, ga.)
-and-
"you got a real 



            website with super information allways with fun not so "do this not 



            that" kind of bus-touri things!  i forgot: sorry 



            for my lousy english .. im from germany (bavaria) and well some 



            decades out of school :)"rene (from 



            bavaria)

-and-
"first off, great site.  this is 



          pretty much ever bit of information i need all wrapped up in one 



          place. very well done. you should bind it and sell it as a guide 



          book."
bill d. (from parts unknown)  
-and-
"your site has provided "real" 



          information about backpacking in the high country.  i appreciate your 



          candor and humorous antidotes to get others to realize they may not 



          belong out in the woods.  we'll see if we "belong" out there.




          you're wonderfully funny while providing great advise." 

shawn m. (from parts unknown)

-and-

"just want to tell you that this is 



          the best yosemite website! i appreciate the work you put into it!"
debbie (from 



          parts unknown)

-and-
"phil, you rock!  

            we're about to go to yosemite for only the 2nd time, shame on us.  

            but we've got to make up for my 12-yr-old son missing his 6th grade 



            class trip in january, so we're headed for housekeeping camp to 



            "rough it" for a couple of nights.  i've only read a couple of spots 



            on your website, and it is incredibly helpful for a total greenhorn 



            like me!  the photos you've got on were incredibly beneficial, as 



            they showed us what to expect, and that there would be a place to 



            put our virgin coleman stove!  thanks too for the tips on bears, 



            this will be a whole new experience for us - i grew up doing family 



            camping in the smoky mountains in east tennessee, but we were 



            overrun with skunks, not bears! :-)  so your tips will be poured over 



            carefully and followed to the last letter!  and your advice on 



            getting there was just what we needed!  the first time we went, we 



            did stay in fish camp, but were contemplating the manteca route this 



            time.  your experiences helped to nix that decision!  thanks so much 



            for being so detailed and for keeping your website so 



            up-to-the-minute.  it's kind of hard to guess how things are now 



            when you're reading a review from 2006!!

just had to say 



            thanks!"

donna h. 



            (from morgan hill, ca)

-and-
"i compliment you on your 



          website, it is indeed a great view into yosemite and i have been 



          drawing upon the resources you link to from your site (and your site) 



          for my upcoming jmt walk, commencing late june 2008.




          congratulations and best wishes to you - keep up the fine work and may 



          you receive more of these emails as the just reward for a website well 



          done, as i administer my own niche website, i know the trials and 



          pitfalls!!




          best of luck and thank you for supplying such a generous resource."

sincerely,
john (from new south wales, australia)
-and-
"thanks so much for your website! it 



          really helped me plan out my girlfriend's and (my) first trip last 



          year and we really loved yosemite.  we're going back in june this year 



          also.  this time i plan on proposing to her at vernal fall's mist 



          trail!



           



          thanks again!"




          john (from los angeles, ca)
-and-
"first, i really love your website.  

          my family is about to go to yosemite for the 1st time and your site 



          has the very best info, organized to get the most out of it.  thank 



          you!"
shannon (from florida)
-and-

"first off, i 



          would like to say how lucky i feel to have stumbled across your site. 



          it has so many useful tips on yosemite and we will definitely be 



          planning our trip from it."




          doug (from walnut creek, ca)
-and-
"over the 



            last four years my son and i have been to yosemite 3 times. i think 



            i know the park pretty well by now. your site is a large reason why. 



            you provide answers to questions that aren't in any guide book. 



            looking at your site, it's obvious you put a tremendous amount of 



            time in to it for me and others like me, perfect strangers. 



 i would like to 



            say thanks, thanks for letting me make the most of my time in 



            yosemite by providing answers that allow me to avoid situations that 



            could spoil the experience. describing each camping areas pros and 



            cons, contact numbers, when the plowing starts on rt. 120 and all 



            the other thing you've packed into the site.

 we are coming 



            out at the end of july to hike the jmt from reds meadow to the 



            valley. you can be sure i will be checking back with increasing 



            frequency as the time to come out gets closer.

all the best to 



            you,"




            sincerely, steve and liam j. (from underhill, vermont) 

-and-
"thank you so much for your 



          incredible website.  my husband and i and our two young girls (ages 4 



          & 7) will be traveling to yosemite for the first 



          time this june, and i'm grateful for all your advice and photos.
niki (from boston)
-and-
"i've just spent the last two days on 



          your website. it's fantastic. i'm so excited about our family vacation 



          next month. your information was the most comprehensive. it gave 



          me such a vivid picture of what yosemite is all about. the more i read 



          the more excited i got."
linda y. (from new jersey)
-and-

"first off let me 



          just say that you have by far the most amazing yosemite based website 



          ever created. i have been using your site in our yearly attempts at 



          planning our trip and the information that you provide on your site is 



          about 10,000 times more useful and straight forward than any other 



          resource i could find."
chris h. 
(from south 



          california)
-and-
"thank you!!



           



          your website provided me with a wealth of information in planning my 



          recent first trip to yosemite.  the trip was amazing, the best 



          vacation we've ever taken.  and your website made it a breeze.  there 



          are so many helpful areas of your site.  i wondered what your 



          motivation was in spending so much time maintaining such a site.  but 



          once i visited yosemite, i now know why.  



           



          thank you again - your hard work made my trip to yosemite 



          wonderful!!!!"



           



          steve (from parts unknown)
-and-
"thank you.  yosemite was my mother's favorite place to take the family, but i hadn't been there in over 30 years.  with my mother's passing, i decided to take my own family in july 2006 and recapture some of my childhood memories. but where to start?    i had less than a week to plan and didn't know how or where to begin.  then i found your website.  and oh the detail you provided!  on that short notice we found reasonable and welcoming lodging at the houndstooth inn bed and breakfast in oakhurst past the park's south entrance.     we then proceded to follow your directions for seeing yosemite in 2 days.  i couldn't believe how much we covered.  my expectations were high, maybe even unreasonable but they were all met.  how wonderful!  we printed out and read your commentary as we traveled, adding depth to our experience.     we just returned from another yosemite trip.  the one thing we missed was the meteor showers.  we were there, but didn't know they were happening"





          gail (from parts unknown)




          -and-


"hi, i just 



          discovered your



          



          pictures of



          



          yosemite and i love them.  looking through them is like 



          going on a vacation.  i have a love of photography too and am just 



          getting started on pursuing that love…  i was raised in



          



          california but live in the mid-west now.  i remember going to



          



          yosemite when i was growing up…  

 i’ve put your 



          website in my favorites"

cheri



          (from parts unknown)

-and-

"thank you, sir…for the continued maintenance of your 



          wonderful site. it’s the first place i visit when my buddies and i 



          plan our yearly trip and a site i visit often throughout the year when 



          the stress of everyday life gets to be too much. you site offers me a 



          reminder of how beautiful the world can be – and how very awesome



          



          yosemite is."

mike 



          f. (from parts 



          unknown)

-and-
"i'm looking forward to witnessing 



          nature at its most majestic... with more than a little help from your 



          site."
vanessa (from sacramento)
-and-
"thanks so much 



            for your website, phil!  next week marks my 28th year to be going up 



            there (i'm only 30) and, as always, i just can't wait.  it's my 



            boyfriend's very first outdoor experience (he's very much a city 



            boy) and your site has really helped him understand what to expect 



            when we get there.  for some reason my massive collection of 



            stories, photos, and memorabilia didn't count for as much as your 



            website has!  


thanks again, 



            phil.  happy trails to you!"

kelsey (from 



            parts unknown)

-and-
"i'm so happy i found your site because unfortunately i haven't been 



            able to visit



                        yosemite since october and i swear i'm having withdrawals! i'm 



            going back in may 08 (which is too far away for me) but your site 



            will keep me occupied till then! thank you!"
cristina ;) 

            (from parts unknown)

-and-  



            "i've come to



                        yosemite for the last two years now, and we'll 



          be back again 



            october. cant beat your site for getting all enthused about the 



            place and the sights you're going to see, 



          i really cant wait...




          your site never 



                fails to get the blood rushing, but i  cant for the morning 



          we pull out of the tunnel into the carpark!"





                dave j. (from grantham, england)

-and-
"thank you so much for putting so much info out there.  the 



          official



                    yosemite site is kinda lacking in info."




          cheri (from san francisco)
-and-
"my wife & i 



            enjoyed a wonderful 4 day vacation in yosemite last week. your great 



            info helped us make the most of it.

thanks a lot!"

akiva m. 



            (from parts unknown)

-and-
"i love your website!! my husband 



          and i are planning a short trip to yosemite and your website has 



          become like a bible to us."
anu (from new york)
-and-

"first of all thank you for your 



          website.  it is a beautiful expression of your love for this awesome 



          place.  i visit the website all the time."
russell r. (from norman, 



          oklahoma)
-and-

"love your website.  

          we found so much helpful information on it two years ago for our first 



          family trip to yosemite and are referring to it again for our trip 



          this coming week.  my 5-year old is so excited for sunday he can 



          hardly sleep!"
marylou (from 



          southern california)
-and-

"what a wonderful 



          website you have created!"




          christine h. (from davis, 



          ca)
-and-
"we just want to thank you for your 



          informative website. we love all info posted there, especially "how to 



          do yosemite". we printed out that page and used it as our tour guide. 



          we particularly like the way you describe the things. it's so friendly 



          and articulate, like one of our friends talking to us. surely this 



          website is very helpful to a lot of yosemite visitors."
kirk and ma n.,  (from los 



          angeles)
-and-
"...just wanted to say thanks for 



          your website.  it was very 



          informative and made my trip to yosemite very fun and well planned 



          out."
john n. (from l.a.)
-and-
"just wanted to say great job on your 



          web site...very informative!"
john (from 



          parts unknown)

-and-
"i am from france 



            but live in



            



            new zealand since 3 years. i am going to visit the



            



            yosemite in 3 weeks time and was looking for some 



            information.....i have one thing to say: what a great website man 



            !!!!!! i found all i needed in 1 website instead of browsing pages 



            and pages on the net....well done."


erwan h. (from new 



          zealand)
-and-
"my name is justin and i ran into 



          your incredible website on hiking yosemite.  that site seriously 



          rocks."
justin (from parts unknown)
-and-
"i just discovered your site and 



          want to thank you for all the wonderful pictures and anecdotes i found 



          there. ... i shall return again and again to your site and, hopefully, 



          will even return to yosemite itself in the not-too-distant future with 



          three young boys and my beautiful wife in tow."
david b. (from atlanta, ga)
-and-
"excellent site, thanks - i was 



          planning on spending 2 days in the yosemite area this summer but after 



          reading your site i am going to change itinerary to make it 4!"

reg r. (from the uk)
 -and-
 "first of all, i wanted to thank you for 



            maintaining such an informative website on



            



            yosemite. i found you before our trip last year, and we were 



            able to have the best vacation because of tips we found here. we had 



            such a great time that we decided to do it again this year." 

 
t.c. 
(from hawaii)
-and-

"i 

            went to yosemite for the first time last february, and it was all 



            because when i was searching for a place to go and just relax, i 



            found your site.  it was the most informative site i have ever 



            come across regarding a vacation destination!  it 



            had practically anything and everything you need to know about going 



            to yosemite.  i have never seen, and doubt will ever see, 



            another website that is just chock-full of really useful 



            information.  if other vacation destinations had a similar 



            website, it would take a lot of the hassle out of vacation 



            planning."

meghann p. (from san francisco)

-and-
"i go to yosemite 



            about 5-6 times a year (mainly the valley floor, camping and some 



            day hiking)... i always come to your site to catch the latest news 



            (fires, bear problems, what's going on etc). super info!!!  

            keep up the great work!"

forest h (from parts unknown)
-and-


"just touching base with you to tell 



              you again just how much i love your website.  i like to check 



              on it & see the changes you make to it. (a few years ago - six i 



              think - i gave you pics of housekeeping when you really didn't 



              have many on your site. i "think" you still have one up there) i 



              always recommend your site to people when they ask about yosemite. 



              you have the best, most complete information, and your pics are 



              incredible.


thanks for continuing to do such a 



              great job!"



 





               mary jo w. (from parts 



              unknown)






-and-

"your 



site is a wealth of info!  and your



            



            pictures are truly works of art. ...wow."

charlene u. (from parts unknown)
-and-

"just wanted to 



              let you know how helpful your site is.  a friend and i just 



              recently returned from yosemite.  we had a limited time to 



              spend and thus utilized your



              "how 



              to do" yosemite in 2 days as a guide and it was perfect!  

              i would have had no clue where to start having never been to 



              yosemite before and although we felt that the 2 days were quite 



              "full" we came away feeling that we had seen most of yosemite.  

              thanks again!  keep up the helpful hints."

tammy (from 



              parts unknown)






-and-
"hello!




            i just had to write you and tell you that i feel like i struck gold 



            with your site! i don't know how i ever made yosemite reservations 



            through the national park reservation system without the yosemite 



            sites available link that you provided! i am so happy not to spend 



            hours trying to find an open date. i never understood why they just 



            didn't tell us what dates are 

            available. also, i have enjoyed so many other tips and information 



            on your site, you will be a regular stop for me. the



            pictures are 



            all so beautiful too. 




            thank you!!!"




            valerie (from santa cruz, ca)

-and-
"my husband and i 



            spent 5 days in yosemite and utilized all the info you offer on your 



            website. it was the best info for our trip. we stayed at cedar lodge 



            and because you stated 140 was closed, we took 120 instead (flew 



            into sacramento). there was still more snow than i expected to see 



            on 120 and the drive was beautiful.

i'll keep your 



              site bookmarked for as long as it takes for my next visit. thanks 



              for all the hard work and passion you've put into this website."

lynn (from 



              somewhere in the south)


-and-
"just want to say that i've been looking for info about yosemite 



          hikes on a lot of websites and yours is by far the best. you give 



          great info and lots of helpful hints."

marc (from parts unknown)
-and-
"just have to say first that your web 



          site is amazing!  my wife and i went to yosemite for the first 



          time this last october and if it wasn't for the incredible resource of 



          your site we would have missed out on half of our experiences... 



          thanks again for putting up such a great source of information!"
james u. (from parts unknown)
-and-
"i wanted to thank you for your 



          yosemitefun website.  you've done a great job with it and it 



          shows your love for the area." 
bob s. (from cary, nc; a wolfpack 



          fan) :-(
-and-
"your site is 



            great. kept us well informed last year. we missed the flood by one 



            day and saw spectacular waterfalls. thanks for the help."

patrick m. (from soquel, ca)
-and-

"another 



            e-mail from thousands of miles away to say what a great site you 



            have!"

david j. (from grantham, england)
-and-
"i needed a phone 



            number for the mountain room and started at your website.  

            having gone to yosemite for the past 50 years, i can say with 



            authority that your observations are phenom!  fabulous job!"

andrea (from parts unknown)
-and-




          "this is by far the best site ive ever seen for yosemite or anywhere 



          else in the us. fantastic job my friend."
matt (from san diego)

-and-

"damn, your 



          photographs of yosemite and the sierra brought tears to my eyes and a 



          lump...to my throat. i have been to yosemite many times, studied there 



          with ansel and yousef karsh, photographed when i visited, etc, etc. 



          you photographs are as good 



          or, in most cases better, than anything else i have seen from there...

...keep it up!"

jim 
(from virginia)

-and-
"i'm supposed to be working but i got 



          into planning my holidays (return to yosemite - went a year ago on a 



          one day trip from san francisco, fell in love with the park, been 



          dreaming of returning for a long trip soon…) and stumbled on your 



          website.  that was three hours ago and i'm likely to get fired 



          very shortly, but…"
james e. (from 



          bristol, uk)

-and-

"just discovered your website, have been 



          on for hours - it is fantastic!   (just like everyone else 



          has said.)  what amazing 



          



          photos! thanks for the wonderful site!"
carol (from parts unknown)
-and-



 
"first, i want to 



            commend you for creating such a wonderful and informative website.  

            it is by far the most comprehensive resource on yosemite (or for any 



            other national park) i have ever come across.  the



            pictures are, 



            may i say, breathtaking, amazing, sublime, uplifting, or how about 



            just plain awesome!!!!   after visiting your site and seeing the 



            passion that you have for such a spectacular place as yosemite, i am 



            pumped up more than ever about my impending visit.  i'm so 



            excited, i can't wait!!"

chris w. (from norman, ok)
-and-

"dude, you’re 



          website is really somethin’ else.  keep up the good work!  

          it has been very helpful."




          gary c. (from coppell, tx)
-and-
"i've been reading your website 



          for nearly two years now and it is an excellent tool for any vacation 



          planner.  keep up the good work and the frequent updates."




          bret (from newport, ca.)
-and- 

"you have the best web site of any i have ever seen. ...thanks for 



          all your info"
don (from parts unknown)

-and-
"read (nearly) every word of your site. it is fantastic!"

dave a. (from parts unknown)
-and-
"what an amazing site.. ! i have to 



          say i've never seen a website as friendly and to the point as this 



          one. great photos too... they really "take" you there so to speak."
dawn and jason (from parts 



          unknown)
-and-
"my many thanks for sharing your 



          absolutely incredible



          photographs with 



          others...i have not enjoyed such breathtaking pictures since ansel 



          adams...you are truly gifted and talented...my introduction came from 



          my grandparents who went to yosemite every year, finally retiring in 



          cody...you photos are the closest justice to being there i have ever 



          seen...a wonderful resource for someone living in florida...again, 



          thank-you..."
merry c.  (from coastal 



          florida)
-and-
"let me start off by saying your website is great. the photos are 



          amazing, there is so much information, anything i need is on there. i 



          absolutely love it."

richard k. (from parts unknown)
-and-
"i've recently 



            discovered your fantastic site and i must honestly say that it is 



            among the best personal websites about national parks i've ever 



            seen. i specially appreciate your frank opinions about what are the 



            things really worth the visitor's time."

giulio (from 



            parts unknown)

-and-
"i've been spending a bit of time 



          reviewing your site and find it to be a fantastic resource.  the 



          first one i've seen that gets down to just the nuts and bolts of 



          essential information about yosemite or anywhere else."
ray (from parts unknown)
-and-

"well, marcia and i are back from our trip to yosemite and it was 



          an absolutely fantastic experience. before i tell you about it, i want 



          to thank you from both of us for your suggestions which really helped 



          make this trip the success it was. ...
once again, our deepest 



          thanks for your kind and invaluable assistance. marcia and i are 



          deeply grateful to you. i hope all is well with you and that you're 



          able to do some late fall hiking of your own."
very best regards,
phil & marcia (from 



          florida)

-and-

"...again thank 



          you for your website, it is one of the few sites that i have found 



          that is actually relevant for families."


j. mckenzie (from australia)
-and-

"hello! i wrote you after our fun trip in august to let you know 



          how great your site was. just in case you need one more



          picture of a cute family moment to 



          convince anyone to go the camp curry route:
even if you don't post this 



          to your site, i hope you enjoy the picture because really... this was 



          made possible by your talking us into the tent-cabin option.
thanks yet again for your 



          great site! it totally rocks!"
jill g. (from illinois)

-and-
"i can't tell you 



            how many times i have visited your website. we are planning to leave 



            for yosemite on the 26th of september and we (my two young boys, 3 



            and 5) and my husband are so excited. i have been to yosemite over a 



            dozen times as a child and i am now returning after many 



            years, for the boys fist visit. we chose to go in september instead 



            of the summer because of the information posted in the section,



            



            "the best time to visit yosemite".  we can't thank you 



            enough for such a great website. keep up the great work."

m. brackin & family (from parts 



          unknown)
-and-
"first of all, i want to thank you for your 



          wonderful website and tell you that i agree with all the folks who 



          have written glowingly about it. it's considerably more informative 



          and inclusive than a couple of books i've read on the park.

phil s. (from florida)
-and-

"hello. i just had to write to let you know how helpful your site 



          was in planning our trip to yosemite. honestly, your site is one of 



          the best i've seen in giving advice... a lot of sites just list places 



          and don't give any real recommendations, but your site was very clear 



          and helpful.
we ended up staying in



          curry village (despite the increased 



          cost over the years) and had *such* a great time. we probably wouldn't 



          have done it if we hadn't have read your write-up. now that we've been 



          there, we're already talking about plans for making our friends & 

          family split the cost of a housekeeping cabin with us (though we'll 



          always have a soft spot for the tent-cabins).
please please please keep up 



          the good work. those of us in the midwest are depending on you!"

jill g. (from urbana-champaign 



          il)
-and-

"you have a 



              great site. it's nice to see someone dedicated to their 



              passion who is willing to share it with others." 

rich (from 



            parts unknown)
-and-



            "it's been awhile since we have dropped you an email.  just 



            wanted to let you know that we visit your site at least once a week 



            and always find a way to learn more about yosemite.  in three 



            short years we have gone from renting a condo outside the park, to 



            staying in curry village tent cabins, and now finally backpacking in 



            the backcountry.  you have given us so much good information 



            over the past few years that we just wanted say thanks again!"

john c. (from 



            auburn, ca) 

-and-
"just returned from a vacation to bass lake, 



          ca and my husband and i simply had to return to tuolumne (meadows) 



          (sadly for only a day). we specifically drove into tuolumne  just 



          before sunset began and had a wonderful experience! we'd been 



          backpacking there five four years ago and had an amazing experience. 



          it's really everything you've described.  the sunsets there are 



          second, i think, only to hawaii in terms of sunsets. the colors in the 



          sky reflected in the water and dramatic shadows cast upon the rocks 



          simply take one's breath away.
thanks for sharing your 



          pictures with the rest of the world on the web! it's fun to "re-visit" 



          online."
colleen m.  (from 



          boston, ma)

-and-




            "we just returned from our first visit to yosemite and to say that 



            we were awed would be an understatement.  i have lived in ca 



            for 36 years and this was my families first trip to the park.  

            i just wanted to thank you for your amazing web site.  i know 



            for a fact that we wouldn't have had the experience that we did if 



            it wasn't for your detailed 2 day trip planner.  i've 



            bookmarked your site so that i can share it with friends and family.  

            we wouldn't have seen half the things we did without first stumbling 



            across your website.  our favorites were glacier point and 



            bridalveil falls.  my husband didn't want to take the extra 



            time to drive up to glacier point, but when i read him the 



            description that you wrote he obliged us and took us up the 



            mountain.  what can i say other than "we were speechless" 



            literally.  we all agreed (including husband) that it was well 



            worth the extra bit of driving.





            by the way, we found a great little swimming hole near the wawona 



            hotel.  we turned right after the bridge and had to park in a 



            dirt lot.  we then walked in about 10 mins. (6 kids in tow)  to 



            the swinging bridge.  we were able to put our raft in the water 



            and swim in a peaceful little pool area.  met a lot of nice 



            people along the way.   





            thanks again for all of the info.  keep up the good work.  

            i'm sure it will help a lot of fellow travelers.





             god bless,"





            tammy (from southern california) 

-and-
"just wanted to 



            drop you a note saying i found your site "by accident" (i.e: was 



            just following links around, not looking for anything in particular) 



            - and i wanted you to know that i am so happy to have found this 



            really cool site of yours!!!!  i have been in love with 



            yosemite and all it's wonders and beauty for 30 years, and have been 



            going back annually for the last 12 years to recharge my spirit. 

            i really love all the interesting links and great 



            info to be found here. 
 how long has this site been up?  

            :)   keep up the awesome work you're doing!   
this is the best site 



            yet about yosemite that i've ever found!  



            


great 



            job!!!"

sincerely, 

rhybeckah d. 



            (from parts unknown)


-and-
"i just loved your website. the



          photos are just 



          phenomenal. when we knew we were going to sacramento, i suggested we 



          go to napa valley but my friend insisted on yosemite and i'm glad she 



          did. after looking at your website, i am really excited."
roberta (from parts 



          unknown)


-and-
"just returned to georgia from a magnificent 



          week in yosemite and found y'alls web-site extremely helpful. i want 



          to thank you for your time and effort as it made our trip very 



          enjoyable. the information was invaluable... yosemite is absolutely 



          the most fascinating place i've ever traveled to. we camped a few 



          nights in the valley, a few in tuolumne meadows and a few at young 



          lakes after hiking in. great, great and great! if it wasn't for your 



          web-site, we would not have had as fun as we did.
thanks again,"
david (from canton, ga)


-and-
"first of all you have the greatest 



          site ever for yosemite information.  thank you very much it was 



          very helpful with our trip last summer to tuolumne meadows."
greg v. (from parts unknown)

-and-



          "just like to say what a brilliant web site you've set up. most



          informative. keep up the good work."
 laurence (from parts 



          unknown)


-and-
"thank your for the very fine 



          website. we love it! greetings from germany,"  
 roderich und 



            melanie (near hannover)


-and-

"i love your 



          website and have been referring to it for information over the past 



          several years. thanks again for the wonderful service you have 



          provided to those of us who love yosemite and think there is no place 



          on earth more beautiful."

j. luckey  (from 



          garden grove, ca)


-and-
"i am going to yosemite this coming weekend 



          and have gotten some great information from your site. it is the best 



          yosemite resource on the web, including the official site. great job!"
scott t.  (from new 



          york, ny)


-and-
"first i would like to thank you for 



          maintaining such a wonderfully informative website for all those 



          yosemite and backpacking lovers. as you have impressed me with your 



          wealth of knowledge i thought i should take advantage of this 



          resource..."
steven (from parts unknown)
-and-


"your site 



            prepared me for it all. the only part i was not expecting (which 



            should have been my own common sense) was driving up and down and 



            all around the mountains. just not use to that, but i handled it 



            fine.  you did not miss anything. i was totally prepared. you 



            have a great site and wonderful dedication."


thanks again,


k gregory



            (from houston, tx)


-and-
"...i want to thank you for creating and 



          maintaining this site. i've read practically everything there. your 



          site was how i learned about the flood may 16. i cut and pasted the



          rattlesnake tale 

          for friends. the photos are stunning. your site helped me plan my 



          first visit to yosemite, june 5-7, and i've printed some information 



          to take with me. 
thank you, thank you, thank 



          you!"
deena w. (from 



          connecticut) 


-and-
"hi, great site. we find out more 



          from you than all others combined. thanks."
chris m (from parts unknown)
-and-
"thank you so much for your amazing 



          website! i am getting married this summer at the ahwahnee hotel, and i 



          am constantly referring our guests to you website. (it sure beats the 



          one's that nps and dnc have to offer!). 
we were in yosemite 



          may 21-22, and you were right….the waterfalls were spectacular!!  

          by the way…i love some of the photos on your



          photography page! 

          thanks again!"
erica (from 



          parts unknown)

-and-




          "thank you very much for your website.  it brings me great joy 



          whenever i need a yosemite fix.  i love the 



          pictures and the 



          updates on what's going on in 



          the park.  it is especially rewarding to read about the trails 



          such as the half dome approaches, the snow, etc.  keep up the 



          good work."
mike h. (from connecticut)
-and-
"just did a 'quick' two hour perusal of your 



          website, and it is most impressive and helpful. it is clear that you 



          love the park and are a very helpful and communal individual. (putting 



          so much time/energy into a public information access site such as 



          this)." 

nakona m. (from 



          sacramento, ca)


-and-

"cracking site 



          mate !

i`ve been 



          studying it for months in readiness for my trip from the uk . your 



          site has taught me an awful lot and for that i`m very grateful.  

          keep it up."

rueben t. 
(from the isle of man)



          ed. note: i've always wanted a "cracking site"!  :-)  thanks 



          for the kind words!

-and-

"i would like to 



          take a minute to congratulate you on a very impressive and inspiring 



          yosemite website. the 



          



          photos are just surreal and really belong in an art gallery. i 



          went out to yosemite in 2003 and it was a beautiful place.  your 



          site really brought back great memories. it will be forever bookmarked 



          in my favorites! i’ve got a few pictures on my site in regards to 



          yosemite. nothing near as spectacular as yours"




          kyle g. (from parts unknown)
-and-
 

"...stumbled across your 



            photos. 



            positively awesome -- such a great array of fog, snow, the stoneman 



            bridge (very unique...the water was so calm!), the star trails over 



            el cap, the fresh snow on the chapel.  keep up the great job!   

            sherri's shot on the yosemite falls trail in nov. '04 (with the 



            disposable camera) is a real keeper --so what if it was 'polished' a 



            bit in photoshop?  the lightning display over madera was very 



            unusual, too.
 
    we're going there this next week (living 



            from oregon, i can get there usually just once a year, 



            unfortunately) and your gorgeous shots have stirred my blood!"
 joan (from mcminnville, oregon)
 
-and-
"great website!  excellent 



          insight with the true skinny, we appreciate it!"
jj and nita (from san diego)
-and-
"first let me say what others have 



          said before me in many times...  your



          



          photographs are over the top!  not only is the composition 



          artistic but your technical exploitation of the medium is the best i 



          have ever seen.  i especially like your long duration night 



          shots.  i came across your site while planning for our first trip 



          to yosemite this june.  my wife and i live in dallas and..."
rick v.
-and-

"hi, 
a 



          note just to let you know we used your idea visit to yosemite. (if you 



          only have 2 days)

we 



          did the part in which we used our car to drive from mariposa grove to, 



          eventually, the valley. did just about everything you said. the 



          ahwannee we didn’t enjoy so much but that’s just personal.  we 



          took your advise and arrived early in the grove. we had to drive 2 



          hours from 



          el 



          portal but were there just passed 8 am. are we glad we did this 



          day like you said. didn’t understand the tunnel view part. we thought 



          o, well, just a tunnel, the other side is much nicer and took 



          pictures. turned out at home they quelified for enlargements. 



          so we ended up fotographing the tunnel view by accident.






          second day we hiked vernal and nevada fall. enjoyed it very much and 



          even our 11 and 13 year old were able to keep up.





          started out early too on this day and this really is the best advise 



          for any activity in yosemite. 

so, 



          are we coming back? definately! after saving up we plan to visit in 



          about 2 to 3 years. 

what 



          i miss on the site (or didn’t i look close enough?) i’d like to see 



          what parts look like in this time of year. with snow and all. i’d like 



          to recognize the spots i’ve been to. i am not confident i will ever 



          get to visit yosemite in wintertime, so....
keep up the 



          good work on the site. i mentioned your site in my report (essay or 



          what do you call a diary you make from a journey) that i posted on



          



          www.verenigdestatenvanamerika.nl along with some pictures. (not my 



          site though) my part is the one called “how the west was done”. 
(click on “reisverhalen / 



          reisverhalen bekijken / nieuwe reisverhalen” ) you might want to have 



          a peek.





          thanks again and greetings from the netherlands.

tom."

-and-
"...i would like 



            to congratulate you with your absolutely wonderful website. we are 



            planning a trip to california in september and we would like to 



            visit yosemite np. thanks to your information almost all of our 



            questions have been answered."


ludo r. 



              (from riemst - belgium)















-and-

"great website.  the nps should 



          hire you."
mary b. (from albuquerque, 



          new mexico)
-and-
"my wife and i are constantly amazed 



          at how you keep this site so up-to-date.  when do you find the 



          time? keep up the good work!"
john and shelley (from parts 



          unknown)
-and-
"as a virgin traveller to the states in 2004 ( 



          i live in the uk ) i really didnt know what to expect during my short 



          visit to yosemite. my main regret is that i didnt discover your 



          website until after my trip, which was a shame because the knowledge 



          you have on your site would of made an amazing trip even more special.
with best regards"

elliott m.

-and-

"of all the sites 



          concerning yosemite, i think yours has the best blend of accurate 



          descriptions and wonderful 



          



          photography. bravo!!!"
tim b. (from port



          



          hueneme, ca)
 
-and-"i would like to say that i 



          have been collecting yosemite items for well over 20 years, i have 



          seen innumerable photos of yosemite but yours are the absolute best i 



          have ever seen, ansel adams included. you have captured some



          



          amazing shots!"
 
paul h. (from mariposa, ca)

-and-

"wow--what a wonderful web site.  i am 61 and planning our 



          first trip to yosemite this summer...
i absolutely love your site."  
ron d. 
 (from 



          lewisburg, pa)
 
 -and-
"just a quick 



            note to say thanks for a truly wonderful site. found you searching 



            google for "yosemite map tuolumne river" (top link). spent some time 



            there." 

joe (from 



            laguna beach, ca.)

 -and-
"i agree with 



            other comments that your site is the best there is on yosemite.  

            interesting, practical, emotion.  one can sense the wonder of 



            yosemite from your site. thank you."

jon s. (from 



            mokelumne hill, ca 

 -and-
"i have visited yosemite 3 times in 



          my life (i am 50) and love it so much... my first time i was 10 and my 



          mom and camped with my aunt and uncle on glacier point in his pull 



          behind camper!  i think the year was 1965!...your 



          website is terrific, i found it through another website i love, 



          highcountryaerie.com .  he has some stunning photos of colorado.  

          i am a life long resident of northern ky, near cincinnati ohio. 



            




            anyway, thanks for a great site! i will save as a favorite and check 



          it often...  i hope to make it back out there before another 22 



          years goes by!  matter of fact, i have my yosemite calendar i 



          bought there hanging her at work... my screensaver is a photo we took 



          of the valley."

mary lou k.  (from ft. thomas, ky)
 -and-
"i once lived and 



            worked in the yosemite area. it's not unsual for me to miss my 



            yosemite home. i'll start "browsing" around just to get in touch or 



            see what's new. i typed "ahwahnee hotel" and eventually 



            ended up finding yosemitefun. i have to say i'm completely 



            impressed. i literally felt transported as i clicked onto just about 



            everything i could. your 



            



            pictures are wonderfully clear and you say just enough.  i can 



            tell you have the same passion for this place as i do. i only wish i 



            had the opportunity to explore this "glorious" area more often. my 



            heart is always there somewhere.   and, now i've added 



            this website to my favorites. i've sent this site to friends 



            and folks  i know in the valley. i look forward to updates, and i 



            never tire of yosemite pictures. when i feel that longing as i often 



            do, all i have to do is click on one of those sun splashed 



            trails and i'll  be o.k. 



            you've done a great job!!! keep up the good work. thank you 



            sincerely, 

debbie d. 

            (from parts unknown)


-and-
"wow!  this 



            place exists someplace other than a dream?!  your



            pictures are 



            out of this world -- thank you so much for sharing them."
mmayer (from 



            parts unknown)


-and-
"thank you for wonderful website.  

          i have never been to yosemite and your website made me want to go 



          right away."

patrick (from parts unknown)

-and-
 "i stumbled on your web site (yosemitefun.com) 



          and just wanted to thank you for all the information. i could've done 



          without the sierra club-bashing, but i appreciate your willingness to 



          both give your thorough impressions of things and post other people's 



          impressions, also (i noticed this on the section about treacherous 



          roads). it's really helpful.
 i'm taking my parents in 



          november and they don't get around all that well, so i'm glad to hear 



          your thoughts on the 'not-to-miss' stuff.
 thank you from wisconsin!"
 heidi nass
 


-and-
"we are planning 



            a trip in mid october and luckily stumbled onto your site. it is 



            fantastic! you have included so many critical pieces of information 



            for a great trip. thank you very much for taking the time with your 



            site ... we'll let you know about our trip when we return."



margie (from parts unknown)


-and-
 "first let me sing your praises and thank you for setting up an 



          awesome site!  i'm gleaning as much information as i can from it. 



          ...i live in hawaii and am taking a last minute business trip to san 



          francisco.  i was looking at my backpacking options and thought 



          yosemite may be an opportunity for me. ...so i think i have a solid 5 



          days to work with. any advice?  i'm frazzled and am running outta 



          time!  i'd appreciate any help whatsoever."
 kerry


-and-
 "this is one of the most beautiful pages of



          



          pictures i have seen. i love all the timed exposures. my favorite 



          has to be the rainbow leading to half dome!!  thanks for the 



          great pictures!!!"
 bryan. (from somewhere 



          close by...)
 


-and-



          "i was trying to go online to find a map of the trails i took this 



          past weekend on my 3 day hike and couldn't find anything useful until 



          i found your site. i'm back from my trip, but spent the last several 



          hours perusing your site and wishing i had found it earlier.  

          thank you. 

allison m. 



          (from san diego, ca) 


-and-
 "we live in the sf bay area and have been 



            annual visitors to yosemite for over 25 years. i always search the 



            web for various sites and just came across yours this year. i don't 



            know where it has been hiding, but it is the most complete, 



            informative and unbiased site i have ever seen about yosemite. i 



            can't think of a thing you haven't covered." 

 

r. smith (from the san francisco 



          bay area)

-and-
"hello!!  

            first i want to tell you how beautiful and helpful your site is.  

            my husband and i just moved to san francisco from detroit and one of 



            the first things we wanted to do was visit yosemite.  we 



            finally went last month and almost everything we learned about the 



            park beforehand was from your site.  we are both totally in 



            love with the park, and want to go back immediately (it was hard 



            enough leaving the first time).  last time we stayed a night 



            outside the park, one at backpacker's camp and one at sunrise lakes.  

            thanks to you we knew to hit glacier point road, that it would be 



            open, what the weather conditions were, and even a hint of 



            how beautiful it was (although it blew our expectations out of the 



            water).  thank you so much.  we really value your 



            advice/opinions. 



            

...thanks again 



              for a wonderful site (i just go to get updates on the park and 



              revisit the grandeur) and for any help you can give us!!"

~kate s. 



              (from san francisco)



-and-
 "your yosemite web site is wonderful. the 



          photos are some 



          of the best i've seen. i'm a photographer for the fresno bee who 



          spends a lot of time in the national parks and i've seen tons of 



          pictures from the park and most are quite unremarkable. yours are 



          quite a step up from the usual.
 thanks."
 kurt hegre (from fresno, ca)
 
 -and-
 "my wife and i studied your website extensively prior to our trip 



          to yosemite this past week. it was invaluable. our trip was fantastic. 



          we followed your recommendations regarding must see spots and would 



          have missed some of them without having read your comments. thanks for 



          a great site and great insight."




          joe h. (from parts unknown)



 
 -and-"your website is definitely the best 



          to use when planning a trip to yosemite. i looked at several and i can 



          without hesitation say you provided the best and most useful info. we 



          also stayed at one of the places you recommended (four 



          seasons / condos) which were very convenient. thanks for all the 



          help you provided. i now know what "tunnel view" is! awesome!"
 
 gary pool (from parts unknown)
 -and-
 "i just had the pleasure of viewing some of your



          photos and it 



          was such a joy! thanks for the visual tour of the park!"
 maryanne (from parts unknown)
 
-and-
"i just came across your site, what a great place!"
len h., (from bartlett, illinois)

-and-
"i just came across your yosemite fun 



          site and wish i'd found it earlier.  great practical advice that isn't 



          in the guide books i've read. very readable and informative.  the best 



          site i've found on yosemite!  thanks!"



           



          marsha (from parts unknown)
-and-
"i want to thank 



            you for your wonderful web site. your pictures are just wonderful. 



            our family has spent many times in yosemite and i love the place. i 



            took my 2 kids in 1981 to the top of half dome in a one day trip. 



            they were 11 and 14 at the time while i was 40. i did not think i 



            would live another day after we returned to camp curry that night. 



            your trip report gave me a great rerun of our trip. thanks again, if 



            i can't be in yosemite i'll live it through your pictures."  

jonathan wallace  



            (from orlando fl.)

-and-
"we (family from 



            the netherlands) enjoyed our 2003 holiday in the south-west of usa. 



            we visited yosemite np in august 2003 for only one day and guess 



            what.... it stole our hearts too (despite or thanks to the bear 



            encounter). i must say your



            



            pictures are incredible and i'm going to read every single word 



            from your site. thanks and keep the enthusiasm alive !!!."

regards,

    

            thijs 



            (from the other side of the atlantic)

-and-
"thanks for your help. i love your web site 



          and have found it an invaluable resource."
matt williamson (from 



          parts unknown)

-and-
"hello tarheel-yosemite-san 



            (knower of all things yosemite). . . i love your site and have been 



            a frequent visitor and daydreamer since i discovered you this 



            winter. thank you for sharing all of your 



            valuable knowledge, even as an avid camper, i have been intimidated 



            by the enormity of 'doing' yosemite, since it seems all we hear is 



            how crowded it is, and what a hassle it is. i haven't been there 



            since i was a teenager, and can't forget the soul-bombing 



            awesomeness of the park so with inspiration from your site,  i took 



            the plunge and booked 4 days for the end of august, whhhhooooooooooo!"

christi (from benicia, ca)
-and-
"your yosemitefun.com site has been 



          our best source of information and photos! you are providing a great 



          service to many eager folks out there. i am going on my first trip to 



          yosemite next week and i have been repeatedly visiting your site in 



          anticipation. we appreciate what you have done for us in helping plan 



          our trip. your how to 'do' yosemite 

          section is absolute gold. a million thanks!"




          rolando (from carlsbad, ca)



 
-and-

"i just saw your site, and i'm very impressed with your



          photos.  

          i'm an amateur photographer myself, and i had a few questions...



          ....thanks you putting your work online.  your photos are 



          incredible!"




          mo (from parts unknown)
-and-
"hey! love your site. so far, it's the most 



          helpful and informative yosemite resource i've found, including 



          books!"

chad f. (from oakland, 



          california)
-and-
"your site is excellent and i've 



          pointed many visitors to it - best on the 'net."
doug m., (from 



          san francisco)

-and-
"i want to thank you for your 



          web-site.  i just got back last week from my honeymoon at 



          yosemite.  your web-site provided a whole lot of useful 



          information in preparation for the trip.  i am already longing to 



          go back, i would love to go back to yosemite every year for our 



          anniversary.  the weather last week was just perfect and the 



          waterfalls were amazing. we took many pictures and everyone at the 



          office is amazed at the scenery in the pictures.  we stayed in 



          groveland in a bed & breakfast called the blackberry inn, the host 



          (ann marie brown) gets an a+.  thanks again, i'll recommend your 



          web-site to anyone else that i find that has an interest in yosemite.  

          enjoying god's creation was so wonderful!"
jerry wardlaw 



          (from atlanta, ga)

-and-
 "i live in the bay area and visit yosemite often. i think 



          yosemitefun.com is the most honest, informative site around!"
 sarah j. (from the san francisco bay area)
 
 -and-"i discovered your site over a year 



          ago and still keep coming back to it whenever the subject of yosemite 



          comes up. i always refer people with questions about visiting yosemite 



          to your site. still the best site on yosemite to be found."
 bill s. (from fallon, nevada)
 
-and-
"wow, your site is informative and fun to 



          read. thanks for the effort!!!  loved your



          pictures!!! i 



          wanted to tell you that your pictures helped me talk my husband into 



          going to yosemite instead of disneyworld this year! he wasn't 



          interested in going (he's never been there obviously). when i showed 



          him your pic's he changed his mind. thanks!!!"
cyndie a (from orange, ca)

-and-
"you have a truly absolutely 



          wonderful and fantastic website! very helpful information, found very 



          useful information for the camp ground and weather at yosemite."
betty (from parts unknown)
-and-
"just to say thanks, this is the best 



          web site i have found on yosemite..."
matt f. (from kent, uk)
-and-



 
"first i must commend you on a 



            wonderful website!  by the time i surfed and landed on your 



            site, i felt a breath of fresh air."

sally m.y. (from beijing, china)
-and
"just wanted to say that i think your



          photo collection 

          is absolutely breath-taking! incredible photography! it has certainly 



          wetted my appetite for my west coast trip in may, also many thanks for 



          all the yosemite info and tips that you provide,
cheers,"
kevin c. (from 



          edinburgh, scotland)

-and-
"thanks for the quick reply. i 



          appreciate your candor and humor...i passed your message along to my 



          girlfriend, who is now wondering what she's getting into....any 



          further suggestions you have will again be greatly appreciated. i wish 



          i could have access to someone with your knowledge of an area and 



          eagerness to help on all my trips."
scott (from parts unknown)
-and-
"although i know you probably hear it 



          all the time, i really want to thank you for putting together such a 



          fun and informative site.  i have found the best links to



          weather conditions ( bring the 



          4wd!) and some very educational infor i will put to use later this 



          year ( how to do yosemite)
  again, 



          thanks!"
steve h. (from 



          tracy, ca)

-and-
"your site is absolute the best guide-site 



          ever!



          we've been to yosemite for car camping, backpacking, day hikes, 



          snowshoeing, x-country, sledding, fishing, you-name-it. yet your site 



          still helped us learn more about yosemite."
dave (from parts 



          unknown)

-and-
"we have just discovered your website 



          while looking for inspiration for our planned trip to yosemite in 



          april.  it's very informative and the photos are spectacular.  

          we can't wait to see the place for real and would be very grateful for 



          your advice..."
theresa (from l.a.)
-and-

"first, let me thank you for this terrific web site! it has been by 



          far the most helpful web site in my yosemite planning."
steve b., (from quincy, ma)

-and-
"thank you so much! i learned a lot from your 



          information and pictures! i am doing a project on yosemite national 



          park, and you really helped me!! now if my younger sister is doing a 



          project on yosemite national park, i'll tell her to go to your site.
thanks again!!!"



bridget (from 



          massachusetts)

-and-
"just wanted to say thanks for 



          keeping up such a great website. my dad recently visited from kansas 



          (i live in san francisco now) and i was able to put a great 



          camping/fishing trip together with information from your website."
jay (from san francisco)
-and-
"just a quick message to say "thanks" 



          for the wonderful site - by far the best i've found on yosemite!"
frances f.  

            (from plymouth, uk)

-and-

"i just want to thank 



          you personally on an absolutely wonderful job on your website and all 



          the work you put into it!!! we are 



          heading up to sacramento this week and have a couple of days to take 



          our kids to yosemite (it's high time we took them, they are 14 and 



          12-an absolute shame we haven't gone before, i know). 




            your site was the most help that i could ever have!!! the picture, 



          the info brief recommendations on what i can expect there and where i 



          could take them was invaluable!!! thank 



          you, thank you, thank you!!!"




            carolyn fisher 




            (from somewhere in california) 


-and-
"what a first class site. as an ex 



          associate of the royal photographic society i must also say that the 



          quality, both technically and compositionally of the 



          photographs is 



          first class. some people may get lucky with the odd shot but the work 



          displayed is consistently excellent. the variety of viewpoint is also 



          worth commenting on."
tim swetnam (from the u.k.)



          (editor's note: wow!  thanks for the kind words!)
-and-
"i just stumbled across your 



          website...i've only just begun to explore your site, but i already 



          love it! the photo 



          page is wonderful. the shots of the squirrels are hilarious, and 



          that photo by sherri pfefferkorn is to die for! what i wouldn't give 



          to have been able to take that shot. beautiful shots of the rainbow 



          over half dome, too. as an avid amateur (almost a semi-pro, if that 



          makes sense), i am in awe of the marvelous photos posted. anyway, keep 



          up the nice work. i'll be a frequent visitor to your page (oh, yes; 



          it's bookmarked), and i'll pass the url along to some folks i know 



          who'll enjoy it. and we'll definitely check it out before our next 



          trip to the high sierra."
jim c. (from parts unknown)
-and-
"of all my resources you were the best...your tip about camp 4 was 



          the best...yes there was a "full" sign there but we found a place to 



          camp anyway.  i came out looking good with my group because i 



          would not have been able to get a camp site without your advice!! 



          thanks a lot..."
david (from parts unknown)

-and-
"thanks for they wealth of information on your 



          site!! we used it as a prime source for planning our tour of the 



          camps. 



          vogelsang was everything you said it would be. thanks again for 



          the site!"
joe and marie  



          (from sierra madre, ca)
 
-and-
 "thank you for a wonderful and informative 



          website. a million thanks for everything."
 dolie (from parts 



          unknown)
 
 -and-
"thanks phil~ big help and your site really is 



          amazing!"
 david (from parts unknown)
 
 -and-
 "hi, love your website.  it's exactly the 



          type of info/advice i was looking for, so thanks!"
 
 dave (from parts unknown)
 
 -and-
 
 "hey, first i'd like to say i am amazed by the 



          depth of your site. thanks for all the info in your site and all the 



          help its been!"
 andy (from parts 



          unknown)
 
-and-
"your site is wonderful. - i was 



          thrilled to find it before my husband and i embarked on a trip to 



          yosemite. thank you for your excellent tips and information."
marla d.  
(from boynton beach, fl)

-and-
"hello fellow tar 



            heel!  love your web site on yosemite.  i stumbled on it 



            while searching for info on the park and area.  it provides the 



            personal, experienced insights & recommendations that a park newbie 



            really needs (as versus the dry facts on the more commercial sites 



            and nps).  many thanks for taking the time to put it together .  

            a valuable service."
kathleen c. 

          (from charlotte, nc)
-and-
 "i started 



            gathering information and eventually stumbled on your website.  

            you have done a wonderful job with this site and i wanted to thank 



            you all the information you provide."
 albert a. 



            (from parts unknown)
 
 -and-
 
 
"gee - i've been all over the web and making phone calls - and no 



          one has given me more information that you!  






          thanks again for the website. i can't wait for my husband to see it 



          tonight.


 many thanks, once again."
patty e. (from parts unknown)


-and-
"i have thoroughly enjoyed reading 



          your web page!!!  like many others you have given me a better 



          feel of the park.  my family, with 2 teenagers is planning a 2-3 



          day backpacking trip...."
luann p.  (from parts unknown)
-and-
"i've 



          been going to yosemite for over ten years now. i was amazed at how 



          great your website is. excellent job!!! i just spent literally hours 



          looking at almost everything. the  
photos, 



          descriptions and information are right on! very impressive!!"

jayne l.  (from parts unknown)

 -and-
 
 "hello! i enjoy your site very much. i found 



          it last year when i was planning my (2-day) trip to yosemite. i 



          followed your



          



          itinerary religiously, excepting that glacier point was still 



          closed and i could not go there. i enjoyed myself immensely. i was 



          alone for my trip and i loved the feeling! ...   i also 



          check your site periodically just to see what's going on. i think you 



          provide a real service to visitors. the national parks pages set up by 



          the gov't are often bland, opinionless of course, sterile sites with 



          no real information; just a few pretty pictures of the park and the 



          entrance fees charged. i had very little idea what to expect until i 



          came to your page. i changed several of my plans after reading some of 



          your warnings about certain roads, etc. i have bookmarked your site 



          and will continue to check back to see how my gorgeous, lush, 



          mystical, verdant, uplifting,  magical, picturesque, haunting, 



          inspiring, entrancing, humbling, idyllic, healing yosemite is getting 



          along without me there. 
 thanks so much for your help 



          and for your outstanding web site. gratefully yours, 
april t.  (from 



          round rock, texas)"

-and-
"first i'd like to commend you on a great yosemite website 



          chock-full of good info! i'll be visiting yosemite this august and was 



          wondering..."
ray 

          (from parts unknown)
-and-
"i'm heading up to yosemite this weekend. i 



          couldn't find any useful information on "housekeeping 



          camp" (where i have reservations). crossed my fingers and did a 



          web search and viola up came a link to your site with all the really 



          helpful info i wanted to find out. it was really helpful.  i look 



          forward to exploring some of your other links, i just wanted to say 



          thanks."
anthony a. 

          (from parts unknown)
-and-
"i went to your yosemite site and saw 



          all those pics...  god they were gooooooooooooood.. hell, if i 



          were you i'd go into photography in a heartbeat..."
jon a. (tampa, fl) 
-and-
"at any rate your site is great and i 



          have recommended it to many people who have asked me about yosemite."
bill s. (fallon, nevada)
-and-
"i began buying guidebooks 



          last year - however i have to say that your site eclipses all the 



          combined information of these guidebooks and is without doubt the 



          absolute premier yosemite site for both general and 'customer-focused' 



          information...thank you. it has shaped our itinerary (staying 3 full 



          days) and has also alerted me to potential issues that may make for a 



          less than satisfactory experience (forewarned = forearmed)"
greg m. 



          (darlington, uk)
-and-
"by the way, your 



          website is the best that i have seen thus far in my search for useful 



          information on planning a trip to this great national treasure.  

          thank you!!!"




          steve w. (from sacramento)
-and- 


"what a great website.  thanks 



            for your obvious hard work.  the site is full of very helpful 



            info and i love the pictures."
ward s. (from 



          kansas city, mo.)
-and-



          "awesome website. you saved us a big surprise with your candid 



          assessment of the foresta. thank goodness we found you."
jeffrey b., (from san francisco)
-and-
"first off, thanks for the yosemitefun.com web site. it is easily 



          navigated, is full of great info for yosemite newbies like myself, and 



          it looks great too."
craig (from parts unknown)


-and-"i just wanted 



          to thank you for all of the useful information on your website. we 



          just got back from a great trip to yosemite. we stayed at cedar lodge 



          in el portal in a three bedroom unit which had everything we needed. 



          it was exactly as you said it would be. thanks for helping make our 



          trip even better!"
lisa c. (from los 



          angeles)
-and-



          "hello!  i wanted to tell you thanks for such a great website.  i grew 



          up going to yosemite almost every year with my family.  i replenished 



          my soul there many times.  i now live in north idaho and long to be 



          close to yosemite.  it is beautiful here, but nothing has ever 



          captured me like yosemite."
tracy h. (from cour d'alene, idaho)

-and-
"hi!  i loved your 



          site.  my family is planning a trip to yosemite next 



          spring/summer and your site has the best information of any other i 



          have seen - and believe me, i have been looking."
andrea (from 



          rutherford, tennessee)



          -and- 




            "thank you, thank you, thank you for an amazingly informative 



            site!!"




            ana (from parts unknown)
-and-




          "thank you for responding to my e-mail about employment in yosemite.  

          i have to say that your web site...really is the best site i've seen 



          on yosemite!!!  its helped me in lots of different ways.....and 



          i'm sure i'ts going to make my trip a lot more enjoyable."
drew (from parts 



          unknown)
 -and-
 "thank you very much for your help. your 



            website is out standing, simply great. it has so much information, 



            very honestly placed with great hard work.  thanks for doing 



            this."
 
  raj miniyar
from india
 -and-
 "thank you so 



          much for yosemitefun.com! i have been going there for over 50 years 



          and do not have one 



          picture which even compares !  i ran across your site while 



          looking for wedding sites in yosemite and it brings tears to my eyes 



          each time i see the incredible beauty of this wonderful place.




          it also makes me want to be married in the chapel or the valley or 



          wherever in yosemite, the entire area is the most beautiful chapel on 



          earth!"



 
 betty jean 



          johnsen, from parts unknown
 -and-
 "just to say how useful your web site was to us 



          before our first trip from uk to california and yosemite np. we hired 



          a car from san francisco and stayed at wawona hotel ( old fashioned 



          but fun) and used your suggested 



          itinary for our exploration of the valley. made two side trips to 



          glacier point ( in morning and at sunset) and wish we had spent a week 



          in this area. a great web site- hope you keep it going as we shall 



          want to visit again!"
 alan and cheryl, mumford, england.
 -and-
"i just wanted 



            you to know how much i enjoy your website. i think it is the very 



            best site on yosemite i have ever came across and i don't say that 



            lightly. it is so nice to come across a site like yours that is 



            based on real life experiences and not some nps site or some other 



            politically correct motivated site."

bill s., 



            fallon, nevada
-and-




          "i just got back from yosemite and the scenery is still so fresh in my 



          mind. i found your website and thoroughly enjoyed it. it is a 



          refreshing point of view without being so "tourist-y syrupy."
i went via



          120 via groveland and you are 



          so right.
thanks for your great website!"

susan s. (from parts unknown)
-and-



          "i discovered your website a few days ago and i am still enjoying 



          reading all the topics you cover photos are incredible. your e-mail 



          feedbacks are terrific and right on the money.  your site is 



          awesome and the info will be extremely helpful when we visit yosemite 



          -- the jewel of the national parks".
peter & barb (from 



          wilkes barre, pa)
-and-



          "i just want to thank you for spectacular photos of yosemite.  i 



          used to go there every year when i was a little girl and think it is 



          the best of the national parks. it really has me excited to see these 



          photos.  fortunately i have cable internet so they loaded fast!!  

          thanks again for great shots." 


christine (from deep in the 



            heart of texas)
-and-



          "i can't tell you how much info we've picked up from your site. i know 



          we need more time in the park, but your site has given us some great 



          insight on what to do (and not to do), thanks! and you pictures are 



          fabulous (am packing lots of film!)"
katherine g.  (from 



          parts unknown)
-and-


"thanks for putting up a web site that has a "no 



          nonsense" approach to important information about yosemite!  i'm 



          planning a wedding at yosemite and i was able to see more pictures of 



          the ahwahnee hotel than the official yosemite wedding site page and 

          the wedding package that i've received from the special occasions 



          office!  your "best time to visit yosemite" has also helped me a 



          great deal to plan for an ideal time to host the wedding.  i love 



          your site and i would love it even more if you can put a section about 



          weddings for yosemite brides to be.
kudos to your web site!" 




          melissa s. (jersey city, nj) 
-and-
"i'd like to say thanks for putting together the 



          most complete and helpful information on yosemite i've found anywhere. 



          i cut and pasted a lot of your information into my itinerary for my 



          upcoming trip and it's been enormously helpful in getting me 



          prepared."
renee' a. (from parts unknown)

-and-
"hi!  i 



          absolutely love your website...it is so down to earth and easy to 



          read...thanks for your sage advice"
becky (from san diego)
-and-
"wow!  you 



            actually offer for people to email you for more yosemite info.  

            you are incredible, thank you!"
unsigned
-and-

"thank you for 



            excellent information about the roads into yosemite.  we were 



            about to make the mistake of driving in on hwy 120 from modesto in 



            an rv --- but after reading what you had to say about that road, we 



            cancelled our rv rental and decided to lodge at the south entrance 



            of the park.  i believe we made the right decision for our 



            first trip to yosemite august 3-8.  had it not been for your 



            site, we would have been s.o.l.  thanks a million!!!"

lisa and mark p.



             (denver, co)


-and-"i just wanted to thank you again for 



          all of your information about yosemite, yes we finally made it!  

          we used your two day itinerary as a guide, as well as your best hikes 



          recommendations, and found your suggestions were right on.  it's 



          always nice to have a local's input when you are traveling, especially 



          someplace as spectacular as yosemite.  when i pulled out my 



          mosquito repellant while enjoying a margarita and a sunset at the 



          ahwahnee, i thought, thanks phil."
kelly d. (from boca raton, fl)
-and-
"i love your website! my first trip as an adult 



          to yosemite is coming up in july and your site has all the info i 



          need. after looking at your photos, i'm even more excited about. i 



          even liked the ones of your family. if i had my own website, i'd 



          plaster pictures of my three boys all over the place. thanks so much 



          for all of your time and effort putting this together. on a side note, 



          i've decided to take a longer route in after reading about the roads. 



          thanks again!"
lisa c. (los angeles, ca)


-and-

"you have provided 



            the best information regarding 



            yosemite that i have seen to date. i wish that i would have found 



            your site sooner! we had a family re-union at the yosemite lodge 



            just this past march and could have used your insight."

paul and melinda w. (from 



            orange county, ca; south la area)

-and-






            "this is by far the best web site i have seen on yosemite!  i 



            have sent your web site address to some friends of ours that will be 



            camping with us this summer from the netherlands. your information 



            about having only 2 days in 



            yosemite is worth a million dollars."

debra j., (lompoc, ca) 



          
-and-



          "i never saw so much information about yosemite in one place!! thank 



          you so much for a fantastic site..i never realized the rates keep 



          going up since i only go there once every 2-3 years. glad someone is 



          keeping tabs on it for me..thank you!!!!! you made a remark on your 



          site that you may have provided too much information.....nah, its 



          perfect."
carol (from morgan hill, ca)
-and-
"as always, phil, thanks for your help. 



          yours is the only web site regarding yosemite that i have read end to 



          end, and i only wish you had more time to add more stuff! :-)"
charles & maggie (from chapel 



          hill, nc getting married in the yosemite chapel)
-and-
"ps: your 



              website rocks!"
mark (from 



              parts unknown)
-and-
"wow!



              i have got to thank you! i too was planning on coming in through 



              an alternate route, (either 120 west or the 140), but reading 



              through your site i realized it would have been a mistake.  

              thank you very, very much for your very informative site, i love, 



              it's got a wealth of information for all. planning on going back 



              in august of this year. you have the best yosemite web site, i am 



              impressed! please keep it updated."
anthony 

              (from san diego)
-and-
"all i can say 



              is wow!



              my husband and i are leaving on our first trip to yosemite may 6th 



              and your site has left me completely awestruck. 



              thank you so much for all the time you have put into it."
kelly d. 



              (from boca raton, fl)
-and-



          "thank you for the great web site…unbelievable…




            "




            john
w. (from pennsylvania)


-and-
"we're coming 



            from texas in a rented r.v. with three kids.  i am 'oh so grateful' 



            for the info. on what road to take into the park.  we were planning 



            on coming in through the 



            "treacherous slum" entrance in ignorance.  i and probably my 



            marriage would not have survived that drive as you describe it.  thank 



            you!  thank you!  thank you! you have the very best website of any i 



            have seen.  keep up the good work.  i'm so grateful to have found 



            you!!!!!"



          marcia



            (from texas)



          -and-
"what a great 



            site! my sons and i have been using it to plan our upcoming trip 



            (we'll be camping in north pines april 21-25). and last night my 



            hubby started quoting some facts about the park and we all said (at 



            the same time) "yosemite fun dot com!" i mean, it was obvious he'd 



            been surfing your site whilst at work.  thanks for providing 



            such a great resource. i love how you show off all of yosemite, 



            warts and beauty marks alike. and now that i've buttered you up, 



            i've got a question..."



          bonnie (from carlsbad, ca) this gal has the best personal web page 



          i've ever seen.  but be sure to come back here! 



          www.bonniewren.com 



          -and-

"first of all, 



              i've been hiking all over the internet in search of a highly 



              informative site and yours gets the award! you have created a 



              fantastic site that provides a wealth of surfing friendly vistas 



              and information and i didn't even get one cyber blister!!! thanks 



              so much."
marc (from 



              parts unknown)

 -and-




            "thanks for all your great information you gathered on your site.  

            it was more helpful than anything else anywhere!  we spent last 



            week in yosemite and used your website to prepare us for our visit."



          ken s., (from lakeville, 



          indiana (near south bend)



          -and-





            "wow! your website is awesome. it's such a wealth of



            info. my wife & i have planned our first ever yosemite



            trip & i'm trying to gather all the info i can. so



            far, your site has been the most comprehensive &



            helpful resource i've found."
andrew c.
 (from northern california)

-and-

"i am writing to 



            thank you very much for all of the effort you put into this 



            extremely informative and entertaining web site. i am rather 



            embarrassed to admit that i'm a northern california native (46 



            years) and have never been to this park. so, this april, i'm taking 



            the kids for our first visit.



            your web site is a gift. thanks again."



          georgette w.

-and- 

"i 



            am impressed with the care taken in sharing with the world what 



            yosemite is to you. your website is better with its information 



            about the single most beautiful spot on earth than any of the 



            "official" sites."
garrett




            (from central california)



          -and-

"great site! your 



            site is the most comprehensive on yosemite that i have found yet!"
 sean  



          (from kenosha, wisconsin.)
-and-

"it's 11.50 p.m. 



            here in the manchester area of england and we have just finished 



            looking at your fabulous yosemite web site (again).   it is simple 



            to use (for us older brits who find computers a bit daunting 



            sometimes) and the photographs are brilliant."



          beverly and jim s.
-and-


"firstly i 



              would like to say thanks for all the hard work in preparing your 



              site. it is exactly what i have been looking for. we will be 



              visiting yosemite for just two days in february and i need to get 



              as much out of it as possible. i could not find anything on the 



              web more appropriate and helpful as your site."
 terry h. 
(from parts unknown)

-and-

"i have to tell 



            you, that since i began working in the travel industry {6 months 



            ago} i have had to visit a lot of websites. i just want to take a 



            moment to commend you on yours! not bland or boring, i laughed at 



            your little jokes and marveled at the wealth of information.



            just a congratulations to you on a website where it is obvious that 



            a real person is behind it!



            bravo!"



          michaela a. (from parts 



          unknown)



          -and-

"i stumbled across 



            your site after searching google.com for information on the ahwahnee 



            hotel.  your site is incredible!!!!  the 



            photos are breathtaking.  i was literally moved to tears - 



            you have certainly captured the beauty and spirit of this remarkable 



            place. thanks for the hard work you've put into creating such a 



            treasure of an online resource!!!!!!"



          (no, my mother did not write this....)



            karen h.



          -and-




              "my wife and i just spent 3 days at yosemite and used your page as 



          a guide for our trip (including your  

          suggested itinerary). thanks for helping to make our trip an 



          enjoyable and spectacular adventure!!. your insights and directions 



          were great. this was my first trip in about 12 years to yosemite and 



          my wife's first trip ever. thanks for making it fun."
mark



            (from parts unknown)

-and-



          "i just wanted to thank you for your information and for the great web 



          site. we were able to get a place at yosemite west and just had a 



          wonderful time. my teenage son and his friend were awestruck and the 



          three of us plan to return. it was just a wonderful time. thanks again 



          for your help."




            mary k.





              (from parts unknown)



          -and-



          "...and i think your yosemite national park pictures are brilliant, 



          even the ones with your family in! keep up the good work, and thank 



          you for such a brilliant site.




            best wishes"



            julie 
 (from ...england)
-and-

"your suggestions 



            helped us a great deal in our planning. i really thank you for your 



            well thought out and practical website and also for your personal 



            correspondence which aided us further.  ...just got my pictures 



            back today and am wistfully dreaming of going back sometime soon."



          al and randi, (from parts 



          unknown)



          -and-

"thank you for 



            your pictures and obvious love of the place. going to yosemite 



            always reminds me of what is important in life, and what a privilege 



            it is just to see this breath-taking place. thanks for sharing!"



          neeka,



            




             (from san francisco)
-and-

"i'm traveling to yosemite for a 



            few days in january (i'm from australia)...your site had everything 



            i wanted to know!" 

bec 

 (from australia)
-and-

"bless you, bless you, for 



                  the descriptions of the roads leading into yosemite... i have 



                  not found this info on any other site (reading the california 



                  highway site is like reading a technical manual). i am a 



                  below-sea level gal from new orleans and am terrified of 



                  driving in the mountains"




                  m. fonseca, 
new orleans (or "'nahlins")
-and-





            "hey, i wanted to let you know that we just got back from cal and 



            followed your advice. top notch! thanks for your insightful notes. 



            we had a blast. if you are not in the travel business, you may have 



            missed your calling. thanks again",



            tracy 




            (from parts unknown)




            -and-





            "how in the world do you find the time to spend as much time as you 



            do taking those wonderful pictures? some of the best i've seen."



            
 



          ron



            (from pasadena, 



          ca and a wawona property owner)






-and-

"hi, i stumbled upon 



            your site in my quest to get information for my summer trip with my 



            son.  i gotta tell ya, it was most informative and i've spent 



            over an hour reading mostly all of it."



          deborah



            (from n.y.)



          -and-"i 



          search the net so much for travel info, and i must say your sites is 



          awesome! awesome pictures and great info!  i used (to) be in 



          inetrnet business and know how hard it is to maintain a site like 



          this.  great job!"



          dennis l. (from pomona, ca)



          -and-

"anyway, just wanted to tell 



                  you that your photos of yosemite are just about the best one's 



                  i've seen outside of ansel adams. makes a fellow tar heel 



                  proud."




                    eric k. 
  (university of north carolina at 



                  chapel hill) 



                    ab '86, jd '89
-and-
"absolutely fantastic website! thanks so much for putting together 



          so much yosemite "scoop" in one place. all of your hard work is just a 



          tremendous resource for someone like me who just found out this 



          afternoon that i will be in sacramento for a meeting (september 23 - 



          26) and am quickly trying to squeeze in side trip down to the valley."
allan m. spartanburg, s.c. 



          (university of north carolina at chapel hill)



          jd '91

 vwf i miss 



                  you!


 













            yosemite weather/climate











current spring conditions





park is open but cooler this weekend!















            fun stuff!!




backpacking!




            half-dome hike!




            ostrander ski hut!
the mist trail

vogelsang!
high sierra camps!
climbing!
cross-country skiing!
white water rafting!!
glacier point!
the 



            john muir trail!
 the top 5 



            day hikes!
badger pass ski 



            resort
the 



            "whoa-nellie deli" in lee vining











how to "do" 



            yosemite
 







            only have two days?  your itinerary is very important!










 foresta!!







            recovering from a devastating fire



















                  the wilderness





backpacking
the john 



            muir trail














                  how to become a park ranger




it's not as easy as 



            you might think.



            ok, if you insist...
go 



            here.











teenager 



            activities



this is a 9-day 



            yosemite backpacking adventure your teen will never forget. 
go here.












working in yosemite



so, you've thought 



              about working in yosemite national park.  here's one persons 



              experience.













 


cabins



      yosemite national park
cabins, condos, and other lodging in yosemite national park.


 







 








 



yosemitefun.com



      ©copyright 2011, phil hawkins









