



























golden tiger casino™ | official website















forgot your account/password?



english



english
österreich (deutsch)
français


login








                                    menu
                                    








x

home
signup bonus
casino games
winners list
contact us
play now!













claim up to
$1500
and play the brand new game
thunderstruck® wild lightning
only at golden tiger casino




click hereto play now










welcome to 
golden tiger casino
where luck and fortune are only a click away!


are you looking to play at an online casino with a selection of the best casino games around combined with an amazing casino bonus? look no further than golden tiger casino! we are giving you up to $1500 to play over 1000 casino games online including blackjack, roulette and slots and you get to keep everything you win! 


our casino is inspired by the orient. in chinese culture, the tiger is the symbol of wealth and prosperity and the colour red also brings good fortune! we hope that golden tiger casino gives you that extra bit of luck for your next big win, and here are your amazing welcome bonuses to get you started! with a 97% average payout rate, we’re confident you will be one of our next success stories!






new




the brand new thunderstruck® game is finally here!


golden tiger casino exclusive featured game

from the creators of immortal romance® & thunderstruck® ii
biggest sequel in casino history
10 years in the making
featuring link&win®, wildstorm, multiple jackpots, and much more!









get up to $1500
on your first 5 deposits





click hereto play now




it works like this:

on your first deposit you get 100% match bonus up to $100
on your second deposit you get 50% match bonus up to $300
on your third deposit you get 20% match bonus up to $500
on your fourth deposit you get 30% match bonus up to $500
on your fifth deposit you get 100% match bonus up to $100










our state-of-the-art gaming software at golden tiger casino is 100% safe and secure so you can sit back, relax and enjoy the benefits of our amazing jackpots! 



enjoy the most realistic graphics and exciting sound effects with impeccably smooth gameplay to enhance your experience!



golden tiger casino was launched over 15 years ago and since then we've won numerous awards including best new online casino, best casino service, and more recently best microgaming online casino of the year.


1000+
we pride ourselves on providing first class entertainment and the widest selection of online casino games available anywhere on the internet. 








support
golden tiger casino strives to be one of the best online casinos. our skilled multilingual customer service team is available


24 hours a day


7 days a week


365 days a year




to help you every step of the way. the support team is ready to answer any questions and can be contacted via our toll free telephone numbers, email or by using our really easy live chat feature.














click hereto play now









about us
faq
privacy policy
responsible gambling
fair play
terms and conditions
casino affiliate program




19






affiliate id: typein_gt: 














