







buy hardy plants online from farmyard nurseries, carmarthenshire






























































 














skip to content



 


search for:











skip navigationmenuour plantsalpinesannuals and biennialsaquatic and marginalbeddingbulbs (loose or dry)bulbs (pot grown)cacti and succulentscarnivorous plantsclimbersconifersconservatory plantsferns and hostasgrassesherbaceous perennialsherbs fruit & veg.house plantsnursery speciality seedmr fothergills seedshrubs and hedgingtreeswreathsgift vouchersa – z plant listplant collectionsasterbegoniacarnivorous plantschrysanthemumcrocosmiahelleborehemerocallishostaimpatiensmonardaprimularoscoeasalviasaxifraga fortuneischizostylissempervivumrhodohypoxisgift ideasvalue collectionspremium plantsnational collectionsrare and unsual plantsplants for purposesaquatics and marginalscoastal plantscold and windy sitesconservatory plantsground cover plantsplants for damp sitesplants for dry sitesplants for shadeplants for sunny sitesspecimen plantsundriesassorted sundriesbenches  trellis etc.bird food  feeders etc.compostsfertilisers etc.bio-controlpots  stoneware  etcabout uscontactour nurseryour shop in carmarthenour market stall in carmarthenthe houseplant placeour gardensphoto gallerytalksawardsnews & advicenews & advicewhats newplant profilesinspirationgardening tips & advicetalks for gardening clubs etc.chelsea flower show 2007venturing into the rhs showsupcoming shows & eventsgiftselaine franks artgardenwaregeneral garden giftsgreetings cardsplant gift setspots and stonewarewreathsvouchershoneybespoke bordersspecial offers


 





home2025-01-23t15:58:08+00:00 
visit us at our carmarthenshire nursery
rhs chelsea gold medal winner
get advice and inspiration
helping you grow since 1984
the nursery is open 7 days a week from 8.30am-5pm daily, and a shop in mansel street, carmarthen, open tuesday-saturday 9am-5pm.
winter gardening weekend information is available by clicking here
garden plants        alpines 										     bulbs & seeds 										     climbers 										     conservatory plants 										     herbaceous perennials 										     conifers 										     ferns & hostas 										     grasses 										     herbs & vegetables 										     trees 										     shrubs & hedging 										      hot deals 


scabiosa 'butterfly blue'£2.99 buy 5 for £10.00saxifraga 'peter pan'£3.99 buy 3 for £6.00knautia macedonica 'red knight' 3 for £15£15.00campanula poscharskyana 'lisduggan variety'£2.99 buy 5 for £10.00phlox subulata collection 3x9cm£6.00saxifraga 'monarch'£3.99 buy 3 for £6.00scabiosa 'pink mist'£2.99 buy 5 for £10.00astrantia mixed colours 3 for £15£15.00thymus collection 3x9cm£6.00salvia forsskaolii (indigo wood sage)prices from £3.99



news & inspiration from our nursery





 




the history and joy of christmas wreaths the history and joy of christmas wreaths: a timeless tradition there’s something undeniably magical about the sight of a christmas wreath hanging proudly on a door. these festive creations are moreread more







 




autumn planting autumn planting over the years i have realised that time is fleeting, but the autumn months are some of the most special in the gardening year. however, they need to beread more







 




creating a cottage garden crafting your own cottage garden: embracing charm, nature, and a bit of wild beauty creating and caring for a cottage garden is like crafting your own little slice of paradise, whereread more







 




the history and joy of christmas wreaths the history and joy of christmas wreaths: a timeless tradition there’s something undeniably magical about the sight of a christmas wreath hanging proudly on a door. these festive creations are moreread more







 




autumn planting autumn planting over the years i have realised that time is fleeting, but the autumn months are some of the most special in the gardening year. however, they need to beread more

×

close
welcome to farmyard nurserieswe are a retail nursery that pride ourselves on providing a wide range of hardy plants at affordable prices, alongside knowledgeable friendly advice.
established in 1984, we specialise in growing hardy plants including hellebores, schizostylis (hesperantha), primula sieboldii, herbaceous perennials, alpines, bedding plants, shrubs, trees and more unusual and exotic plants such as sarracenia.
our nursery in carmarthenshire is approximately 3 acres in size, allowing us to stock upwards of 2000 varieties of plants, most of which are all grown by us. as many plants as possible are grown outside in open beds to promote hardy garden worthy plants that will survive the rigours of our british climate. we also have 40 polytunnels which are used to protect young plants, add shade or generally indulge the more unusual bits and pieces.
not only do we grow and sell plants but we are passionate about horticulture and are happy to chat and share our knowledge, so please do feel free to contact us if you have any questions not answered here already.
read more about us

the nursery kept me fully informed about delivery.  the 3 plants are all of a high standard, and i have never had plants so well wrapped.  diolch o galon.
marian cooke
first time ordering with farmyard and i’ll be back!  very prompt delivery, prices are mare than fair.  the diverse range of plants were all healthy and well packed in straw – good nest box material for my hens – and so refreshing not to have loads of plastic waste.
rex may



 
 





plant passport no. gb/21505

contact info

farmyard nurseries, dol llan road, llandysul, carmarthenshire,  wales, sa44 4rl
phone: 01559 363389
email: sales@farmyardnurseries.co.uk

get social







 

plant shopalpines
annuals & biennials
bulbs & seeds
carnivorous plants
climbers
conifers
conservatory plants
ferns & hostas
herbaceous perennials
 

about uscontact
our nursery
our shop in carmarthen
our market stall in carmarthen
news & advice
photo gallery
awards
events
 

terms & conditionsterms & conditions
privacy policy
click & collect
delivery
cookies policy
secure payments by sagepay



 

 
 
 





		copyright © 2019 - 2022 farmyard nurseries. all rights reserved. registered in england & wales #652823 | powered by easitill 

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link








this website uses cookies and third party services.					

			ok		



















































 


go to top





