



de geuzen: a foundation for multi-visual research
 




























































de geuzen: a foundation for multi-visual research




view all threads archiving

body

browsing

city

code

d.i.y.

de certeau

dg talks

eating and recipes

feminism

fun and play

further reading

geuzennamen

guy debord

home and domesticity

identity

in the hopper

inventory

mapping

mediated image

mobility

monument to the now

products

programming

projects

slogans

solidarity

spectacle

streaming talk

t-shirts

tactical media

tools

tours

uniforms

wearables

workshops










from 1996-2012, de geuzen worked intensively on research oriented projects addressing feminism, technology, the politics of the web, critical pedagogy, narrative archives and diy tactical media. this is an archive of our activities from that period. it is important to note that some of these works have collapsed with the evolution of the web, nonetheless we keep their traces online as a snapshot of an earlier internet. building on these histories and practices, we have also gone on to work here, there and elsewhere.





de geuzen in snapshots







on gaps and silent documents
9-14 february 2010
de geuzen participates in artefact festival, leuven (belgium) with a new version of the global anxiety monitor





review: female icons by marisa plumb for furtherfield
“to me this project shows that thinking about appearance through networked definitions is more empowering than defining ourselves through the gaze that is upon us.”
more…





mobile video library






the global anxiety monitor
installation which was a part of faith in exposure 





hybrid space

open: hybrid space with a geuzen contribution on mobile work / travail mobile.





mobile work / travail mobile







instructional manuals for popular use
exhibition, kuenstlerhaus bremen [2001]





else/where: mapping new cartographies of networks and territories
this publication features our project unravelling histories and can be purchased at most bookstores. to order it directly from the design institute or read more go here





unravelling histories
a two-fold project looking at related dutch colonial narratives with the intention of tracking their traces and resonance in the present.
unravelling-histories.org on-line database with michael murtaugh





homage to the unknown woman
an installation of thirteen portraits of unknown women, at the tongerlohuys in roosendaal





looping the hoep
a virtual tour through amstelland, an agricultural and recreational area just south of amsterdam.





geuzen d.i.y.
vintage geuzen diy goodies dating from 1999 to 2003.
check it out! it’s a wicked mix of digital and analog activities. go ahead, you’re just one click away from unleashing all your handicraft fantasies! 
…snip…snip…cut…paste…







 
parole # 2: phonetic skin / phonetische haut

edited by annette stahmer. inserts and extras including wearable resistance by de geuzen. order here.



 
celebrate with a little wearable resistance @ studioxx
art’s birthday is an annual event first proposed by french fluxus artist robert filliou. read more…



 
tracer sketch

in preparation for formatting utopia, de geuzen embarked on an off-shoot of the image tracer.â  using both search and sound, here is a video of our first sketch.



 
geuzen @ designcamp
in the summer of 2007 de geuzen gave a workshop in minneapolis:
12 teenagers were asked to re-design their school uniforms.



 
review: all fired up
 catriona black’s review of female icons, aberdeen.
the sunday herald + artandphilosophy.com [2007]



 
global anxiety monitor live
the global anxiety monitor performed live by vitali rozynko, shy shavit, oliver meskawi, marc pantus, radwa rafaat, anat stainberg and de geuzen
snapshots /  video



 
brains not bombs
resurrected from our archives: soft hats for a hard world



 
inside the archive
series of lectures, presentations, tours and screenings examining the ways information, objects and data are stored, classified and displayed.â  view snapshots [2001]



 
democracy: do not clean!
given today’s political climate we’ve decided to exhume this classic project.



 
wearable resistance




 
the critical browser



 
geuzen favorites



 
a seance with guy debord
as the topic of terrorism dominates the media, it is important to have a direct and frank conversation with the man himself.







 
here, there and other dislocations
layered on-line maps for mappamundi at the museu colecã§ã£o berardo (lisbon, january 2011). also on display: the dress of jeanne terwen-de loos and the dress of here, there and other dislocations.



 
wearable resistance // typographical craftivism

read more about our adventures with electricity, led’s, typography and skill sharing.



 
predict
made during the prelude to the us election 2008, the predictions are no longer applicable. but these searches do prove that history is continually re-invented in the present.



 
female icons events + happenings (2007)




 
female icons: it’s not the gaze but the look!




 
monument to the now / monument voor nu




 
subtle acts of resistance through the practice of everyday life
a dinner devoted to the work of michel de certeau [1999]



 
swap meet
an exchange of tactical traditions and the politics they represent



 
historiography tracer
this project explores how media images and their meanings fluctuate in the ecology of the world wide web.



 
de geuzen exposed
frequently asked questions



 
contaminating spaces
talk given at the symposium curating new media art at argos, brussels, 2005. read text »



 
research accessories
so you want to research something but don’t know where to begin. start with our exclusively designed set of research accessories…



 
let’s celebrate girls!








 
the tailored alphabet
workshop with students from the typography masters at the muthesius kunsthochschule, kiel (de)



 
feed to read

performed @ the network as a space and medium for collaborative interdisciplinary art practice (bergen, norway) view archived project.




 
formatting utopia
– – – – – – – – – – –
as a part of formatting utopia, a workshop and symposium at paul otlet’s mundaneum, de geuzen presented the global anxiety monitor and the tracer, a project made in collaboration with tsila hassine.  view the documentation here.
– – – – – – – – – – –



 
living room lectures

the living room lectures take advantage of streaming media, irc, the world wide web plus all the comforts of home.



 
temporary archive of shared interests


the temporary archive of shared interests operates on the basic belief that all librarians have preferences and all search engines are biased.



 
image tracer v1.7




 
re-writing the real
re-writing the real: a two day guide to use and abuse, aki2, enschede [1999]



 
temporary archive: manifesta 3




 
textiles and pixels at work:
exploring the relation between pixels, warp and weave.



 
visual inventory [1996-2005]




 
de geuzen uniforms
a              collection of handmade garments, circumscribing female identity with its multiple guises and disguises.



 
the lining of forgetting
digitized version of a unique pattern. contribution to jonctions / verbindingen 7







 
patterns and projections
workshop in the context of open code vs. military culture / israeli center for digital arts holon (november 2010)



 
feed to be fed: an evening of image and slogan mixing
rotterdam / july 09 2009
feed: is a multi-authored collection produced on the fly. you can see the archive here.



 
mixed sources



a cocktail of on-line, semi-offline and offline experiments as part of the host project @ pzi.



 
domestic streaming lesson with adam hyde




 
playlists!
check out our  female icons playlists




 
global anxiety monitor



 
testing the surface


a symposium with lennaart van oldenborgh, chris horrocks, arjen mulder and debra solomon [1999]



 
the mobile lounge




 
solidarity as ornament / language as allegiance
workshop as a part of digitales an annual event operating at the intersection of digital technology and feminism.



 
fripperies and trimmings
in a society of hard-line polemics, flexible solidarity is the only solution…



 
mobile digitales
a transportable hardware / software unit incorporating both digital and analog know-how. playing with the carnivalesque, it is meant to provoke discussions about women and technology.



 
geuzennamen
order your favourite dutch geuzennaam t-shirt from our on-line catalogue.








de geuzen info

further reading
snapshots
contact
f.a.q.
funding
geuzen favorites
portfolio / cv








 
view by thread
de geuzen @ stuk
leuven (b)
04/05 – 06/06 2010



 
rhizome review: the new transparent – image tracer @ gasworks (2008)
“the argument that things should be left open to improvement, and even personalization, by those with the know-how appeals to many of us. but where did the broader drive for “openness” come from? ”â  read more of marisa olsen on rhizome…



 
host:
a three month workshop with students from the masters media design and communication programme  at the piet zwart institute, which explored streaming broadcasts and online hospitality. the archived project wiki is here.



 
the reading salon

a public art project delivered on your mobile phone



 
the impersonator collection


your impersonations of female icons! 



 
my paper dress
simon mullen made himself a stunning outfit based on the de geuzen d.i.y. paper dress.



 
situating technologies
symposium with: irina aristarkhova, frank webster, kate rich (representing bit), thomas buxo and karin spaink, de balie, amsterdam [2000]



 
reading, writing, research: chatting is not just for the idle!
contribution to reflections on creativity (university of dundee, april 2006) download the pdf document 



 
generate change




 
the body as billboard
workshop held at la cambre art academy textile department.



 
de geuzen paperdolls
mix, match, reload and start all over again. enjoy hours of fun dressing and accessorizing de geuzen’s unique set of paper dolls.



 
de geuzen mobile office [2000-2008]
space is a practiced place but it is not necessarily housed at a fixed address.









rss
		/ 			
				log in 









