









clan egan | descendants of aodhagáin | clan egan, usa & canada














































 























heritage
genealogy
rallies
about
contact
become a member
members corner







 






scroll to see the latest news and past posts



welcomeclan eganmacegan • egan • eagan • eagen • mckeegan • keegan • agin • agins



welcomeclan eganmacegan • egan • eagan • eagen • mckeegan • keegan • agin • agins



welcomeclan eganmacegan • egan • eagan • eagen • mckeegan • keegan • agin • agins



welcomeclan eganmacegan • egan • eagan • eagen • mckeegan • keegan • agin • aginspast news articles
summer 2023 newsletteraugust 2023summer 2023 newsletter
read moreathlone rally 2023 updatejune 2023
hello clan family,


 


we are so looking forward to meeting you in athlone. i would like to take a minute to share a few last minute instructions. for a detailed ag……..

read moreathlone rally 2023 updatemarch 2023it’s now april and plans are firming up for the clan egan rally in athlone, ireland from june 12 -
……
read morechristmas 2022december 2022december, 2022
dear friends, a chaire,
december, 2022
dear friends, a chaire,
in a world of everchanging landscapes- both political and environmental- it would be hard to……
read moreathlone ireland 2023 informationdecember 2022athlone ireland 2023 information
start planning now:  the next clan egan rally will be held in athlone, ireland from…..
read moresummer 2022 newsletteraugust 2022summer 2022 newsletter
2022 rally in brisbane, australia
the 20th international gathering…..
read morebrisbane australia rally 2022may 2022brisbane australia rally 2022
read morememorial newsletter for michael js eganfebruary 2022one of the saddest moments of 2021 for clan egan and his beloved family was the passing of our long-time leader, michael j. s. egan. here is a commemorative newsletter with tributes and photos from all over the world for his many and great contribution…
read moremac aodhagain katrina egannovember 2021clan egan is pleased to announce that katrina egan has agreed to be our new chief, mac aodhagáin and taoiseach. katrina is the eldest child of michael j. s. egan, who passed away on september 9, 2021 and had bee…
read more


sad news about michael j.s. eganseptember 2021our clan mac aodhagáin, michael j.s. egan passed away on september 9, 2021 and will be greatly mis....
read more2022 rally in brisbane, australiamarch 2021the 2022 clan egan rally will be held in and around brisbane in queensland, australia. brisbane is a popular tourist destination with easy access to the gold coast and sunshine coast areas of australia…
read more2021 clan egan rally cancellationdecember 2020when i drafted my christmas greetings last year i could not have imagined in my wildest dreams all of the events which were soon to unfold.
read more





posted june 2023
summer 2023 newsletter

2023 rally in athlone, ireland
the 21th international gathering of the clan egan
the 2023 clan egan rally in athlone, ireland was a big hit among the attendees under the capable leadership and organization by katrina egan, the clan macaodagain, and cormac egan. days were filled with excursions to local history sites with emphasis on egan connections and the nights were filled with member gatherings at local pubs and restaurants, culminating in the banquet at the host sheraton athlone hotel. a good time was had by all, and everyone sent thanks to katrina and cormac for all their hard work.
















for more information please click here -> pdf
posted june 2023
athlone rally 2023 update


hello clan family,


 


we are so looking forward to meeting you in athlone. i would like to take a minute to share a few last minute instructions. for a detailed agenda, see the rallies section of the website.


 


the rally will begin after lunch on the 13th june and there are activities planned for each day. the sheraton hotel in athlone will be the main focus for activities- the registration will happen in the lobby and the bus will leave from there each morning. the agenda plan includes lunches for  wed, thurs, and fri which are all prebooked. your hotel rate (which you will settle individually with the hotel) includes a breakfast.


in order to allow a little agility we have not booked evening dinners- however, there are some  restaurants and pubs listed at the end of the agenda (attached) and we will provide more suggestions at the registration.
the egan clan rally banquet (also in sheraton hotel) on the 17th is included in the registration fee. at the registration desk (in the sheraton hotel in athlone), we will provide some informal evening suggestions (pub music etc!) and we will try to keep the group together- always good fun!


 


the hotel is very central with good parking and shopping options. athlone is a great town!


 


weatherwise! ireland in june…. it could be shorts/ shirts/ jeans/ pullovers/ rainjackets etc. please bring comfortable sneakers for walking. but if you do forget something « dont worry! » there are shops nearby!


 


registration costs:


adult 350 euro per person


child (15 and under ): 265 euros


infant : under 5 free
 
for those not attending the rally but interested in attending the banquet the cost is :
90euro per adult and 50e per child (18 and under)- the difference being alcohol costs.


 

please use the clan egan association contact email address on this website to obtain bank information for payment of registration costs if you wish to do so. note that payment is due now before the start of the rally.

  


le gach dea-ghui  (kind regards!)




 

katrina egan-costello
chief of clan
 


for more information please click here -> pdf
posted march 2023
athlone rally 2023 updateit’s now april and plans are firming up for the clan egan rally in athlone, ireland from june 12 -18 2023. a tasting session with egan’s irish whisky will soon be added at the sheraton athlone hotel. the hotel has indicated that they will only keep the special clan egan rates and rooms reserved for another couple of weeks, so be sure to make
your reservation soon if you plan to go. for planning purposes regarding the buses, tours and meals, please let larry agin know at claneganusac@gmail.com if you are planning to attend and how many will be in your party.

important note: the 350 euros registration fee per person will be payable in advance by international bank transfer by 1st june. this fee covers
transportation, admission, guides and lunches for the four days of touring plus the banquet at the hotel on saturday night. details on bank account coming soon.
remember that our association members who attend the rally with dues paid for 2022 and 2023 will receive a rebate of $20 per person, payable to their email by zelle.
below is the agenda as it now stands:

12 mon arrival and registration

13 tue am: athlone castle and walking tour of the historic town of athlone
                   lunch: at hotel
                   pm: open

14 wed am: strokestown castle and national famine museum
                      lunch: at strokestown
                      pm: visit redwood castle and clonberne

15 thu am: aughrim interpretive centre
                    lunch: gullanes hotel
                    pm: open

16 fri am: viking boat to clonmacnoise
                   lunch: shannonbridge fort
                   pm: drum heritage centre

17 sat am: chapter meetings and historical presentations at hotel
                     lunch: hotel
                     pm: open
                     eve: banquet at hotel
18 sun: mass and departure.
 
for more information please click here -> pdf
posted december 2022
christmas message december, 2022
dear friends, a chaire,
december, 2022
dear friends, a chaire,
in a world of everchanging landscapes- both political and environmental- it would be hard to
overstate the importance of family. sadly our global clan lost family this year and to those families
we extend our deepest sympathy on their loss. the circle of life has (happily) provided us the joy of
many new clan children and grandchildren- congratulations to them! the energy of the warmth and
camaraderie at the clan meeting in adelaide enforced the importance of friendships and more
pointedly, the importance of our egan clan. thanks again to greg and sue for such a successful
meeting!
despite many global uncertainties, especially the worrying situation in ukraine, we remember to
continue to hold close those near to us. we reflect on 2022 opportunities (seized and missed), our
learnings, those we love, and the journey we enjoy together. i wish for us all that this end of year is
a time for celebration and optimism for 2023.
i am delighted to confirm that the clan rally 2023 will take place in ireland from 12-18th june 2023
in the sheraton hotel in athlone. athlone is geographically located right in the heart of ireland and
sits on the river shannon on the banks of one of the largest lakes in ireland. it is a truly beautiful
part of ireland! we are working on a full program of visits each day to a variety of sites and ancient
monuments linked to our egan history. as always, it will be interactive and inclusive and we
welcome anyone with any level of interest or curiosity and knowledge. children of all ages are
welcome – there is plenty to do!
anyone wishing to reserve in the hotel should do so directly with them– there is no reservation
code so please inform customer service that you are with clan egan – they await our calls.
for now i sign off by wishing you and your families happy holidays and continuing good health. i
hope to see you in ireland for guinness, fun, music and stories.
laethanta saoire nollag sona daoibh féin agus do do theaghlaigh go leir.
katrina egan
macaohagain
email: katrina.egan@eganclan.org
 
for more information please click here -> pdf
posted december 2022
athlone ireland 2023 informationathlone ireland 2023 rally
start planning now:  the next clan egan rally will be held in athlone, ireland from june 12-18, 2023. the tentative itinerary below shows the many tours and activities planned featuring egan history in ireland and best of all will be the camaraderie with your fellow clan egan members. the host hotel will the modern 4-star sheraton athlone in the town center near the river shannon with nearby pubs, shops and attractions.
for more information please click here -> pdf
posted august 2022
summer 2022 rallysummer 2022 newsletter
2022 rally in brisbane, australia
the 20th international gathering of the clan egan
the 2022 clan egan rally in brisbane, australia went well for these covid
times with overall enthusiasm and enjoyment. more than 80 people attended
the river cruise and banquet with good turnouts also for the town tour,
historical presentations and chapter meetings as well. brisbane was a
beautiful site for a fine rally, with special thanks to organizers greg and sue
egan and kevin egan. more coverage on following pages.
 
for a downloadable copy please click here -> pdf
 

posted may 2022
brisbane australia rally 2022brisbane australia rally 2022
 
for a downloadable copy please click here -> pdf
 

posted february 2022
memorial newsletter for michael js eganone of the saddest moments of 2021 for clan egan and his beloved family was the passing of our long-time leader, michael j. s. egan. here is a commemorative newsletter with tributes and photos from all over the world for his many and great contributions to clan egan.
for a downloadable copy please click here -> pdf
 
clan egan newsletter mjse memorial 2021
posted november 2021
mac aodhagain katrina eganclan egan is pleased to announce that katrina egan has agreed to be our new chief, mac aodhagáin and taoiseach. katrina is the eldest child of michael j. s. egan, who passed away on september 9, 2021 and had been our chief for many years.  her commitment to the clan has been long, and began with her accompanying her dad to many of the rallies back to the very beginning of the clan.
katrina has been based in switzerland not far from geneva since 2001, and can be contacted at katrina.egan@clanegan.org.  she is the proud mum of two lovely boys ages 19 and 17, elder in university and younger about to leave the nest, and is divorced.
katrina graduated with honours from trinity college dublin in mathematics (1992), and is on the executive team of a luxury watch company based in switzerland. she travels extensively with her job in human resources. like her father, katrina is interested in walking (and a good chat).  she laughs easily and enjoys meeting people from all over the world.
she was at the very first egan clan meeting in the 80’s at redwood castle with her dad when she was 10’ish!  as she recalls, there were only about 30 of us at that rally, and lots of tea!!
katrina will receive support in ireland from her brother cormac egan who will serve as our vice president and historian. katrina will also be supported by all the other officers of clan egan, including greg and sue egan in australia and larry agin and byron egan in the usa.
we are still planning to have our next clan egan rally around brisbane in queensland, australia, in the summer of 2022 (probably in early july). although our planning and making arrangements have been delayed by covid-19 restrictions on international travel, we are optimistic that the situation will clarify such that we can advise you by the end of this year that more definitive plans have been made. in the interim, we would appreciate your advising larry agin at aginla@sbcglobal.net whether you plan to come to our rally in brisbane and how many would likely be in your party.
for a downloadable copy please click here -> pdf
 
 



posted september 2021
sad news about michael j.s. eganour clan mac aodhagáin, michael j.s. egan passed away on september 9, 2021 and will be greatly missed by all in the clan. the funeral mass will be livestreamed on saturday, september 11 at 11 am dublin time. here is additional information.
 
pdf link for below vale information
 



















 





posted march 2021
2022 rally in brisbane, australia–late june or early julythe 20th international gathering of the clan egan
the 2022 clan egan rally will be held in and around brisbane in queensland, australia . brisbane is a popular tourist destination with easy access to the gold coast and sunshine coast areas of australia as well as being a business and education center.
daily high temperatures in july average about 22 degrees celsius or 72 degrees fahrenheit. the city is about 900 km (or 570 miles) north of sydney (see map here).
the exact dates are yet to be determined but it will be in the weeks preceding july 4th. it is anticipated that the rally will return to the short form of four days allowing ample time for travel either before or after the rally.
australia is vast, almost the same size as the continental us, and there are many places one can visit including many in queensland.
posted on december 23rd 2020
dublin, ireland
2021 clan egan rally cancellationdear members of clan egan,
when i drafted my christmas greetings last year i could not have imagined in my wildest dreams all of the events which were soon to unfold. one after the other the horrors of covid19 pandemic, my own illness, brexit and the economic chaos and the cancellation of the 2020 egan clan rally in ireland landed in our laps.
as we approach christmas some of these items are still with us and we ask ourselves if they are they solvable in the immediate short term. vaccines should solve the covid19 disaster (at least in the long term). boris and the eu may agree a trade agreement etc and my treatments will help my recovery. lastly, the delayed 2020 rally needs to be rescheduled.
i have had many thoughts about the next egan clan rally and have discussed the matter with byron egan and greg egan. the bottom line seems to be that we are still unsure if june 2021 is not too early for the rally as the covid will still be around and people will be unsure of booking travel and accommodation, which many would be thinking of booking around now. the conclusion we have come to is that we should forget 2021 and instead plan for the rally in brisbane, australia in 2022.
some people may be interested in visiting ireland in 2021 and we will prepare an itinerary of egan-related places for them to visit during their stay.
i hope that you all have a covid-free, safe, happy and healthy christmas & new year and that we will meet in 2022.
with very best wishes,
michael js eganmacaodhagáin



























































 


welcome to the 2021clan egan websitethe heritage section provides information on the egan name, coat of arms, ancestral redwood castle, historical grave markers and links to ancient and recent manuscripts relating to the clan.
the genealogy section helps you learn about the egan family dna project, how to access the vast document archives created by michael js egan and links to search other irish genealogical sources online.
find stories and pictures of our bi-annual rallies around the world in the rallies section.
the about section clarifies the purpose of our association and its various chapters.
become a member provides the benefits of membership and tools to join our association so you can access our members corner.
















macegan • egan • eagan • eagen • agen • agin • agins • keeganthe clan egan website is created to help members and non-members alike stay informed on news and updates, as well provide access to the clan egan members database for more information.
contactclaneganusac@gmail.com
become a memberlearn how to become a member here.


©  copyright clan egan. all rights reserved.


designed by just digital inc. 








thomas aginobituary of thomas agin thomas agin, aged 91, died peacefully in his sleep on wednesday, march 21, 2018 in the excellent care of wesley health care center and community hospice of saratoga. chronic lung disease, which he had fought with dignity and courage for more than half a decade, would finally claim him. thomas agin was born on october 12, 1926 in camden, new jersey. his parents were the late thomas floyd wakefield agin and dorothy roth. he was the oldest of four children. with the death of his mother in 1941, he was out on his own at age 14, working to support his siblings. he would invent a new birthplace and birthdate, not easily verified, to enable him to join the civilian conservation corps. he would work in delaware helping build roads, most of his earnings going back to relatives caring for his brothers and sister. he again used his altered birthplace and birthdate to join the service in 1943, having just turned 16, choosing the army air force. because of his small size, he was perfect to climb into the back of b-25s as a tail gunner. he was sent to the pacific theater, where he flew on 46 bombing missions, fighting until the war ended in 1945. peacetime brought a reenlistment in the air force, followed by a return to camden, new jersey where he stayed with his aunt catherine crane in fairview. next door lived the mcgaha family, and a daughter named dorothy. they became engaged, and on june 17, 1950 they were married. thomas had become interested in the idea of working in chemistry during the war years and would make this his life’s work. despite a lack of formal education, he would attend temple university and become a research chemist. he was able to give his family the life he had not had growing up. the family eventually settled in cinnaminson, new jersey and raised their family of three children. when not working, thomas was a man who liked to read, play scrabble, do crossword puzzles and travel. travel would include the children when they were young and later, after retirement, thomas and dorothy would travel the world. london became a favorite destination, with the west end musicals a must. thomas would study russian before going to russia and was able to converse in that language during the trip. he also somehow knew how to write some chinese…. and he loved to tell jokes, usually laughing before he could finish the punchline. his most consuming passion, though, was genealogy. he was very involved long before it became popular or dna turned up to help. he was a long-time member of the clan egan, and one of the first to be involved in their dna research. he is survived by his wife of 67 years, dorothy e. (mcgaha). also, his son thomas l. (louise) agin of port orange, florida, and daughters, brenda j. (bob) lanoue of greenwich, new york and marsha a. (stanley) jablonski of sicklerville, new jersey. he had one grandson, justin agin, four granddaughters, tracy agin, katie agin, kimberly monaghan, jamie jablonski, and one great-granddaughter, lily-kate agin. his brothers, floyd w. (theresa) agin and arthur p. (kim) agin, and sister harriet b. (valentine) stuhltrager all predeceased him. for the past 14 years dorothy and he shared a home with brenda and bob lanoue in greenwich, new york, before moving to the woodlawn community in saratoga springs, new york. his family would like to take this opportunity to thank saratoga hospital, schuylerville family health, pulmonary physicians of saratoga springs, the woodlawn community, wesley health care center (2 springs, in particular) and community hospice of saratoga for the excellent care they have given thomas through these difficult years and last months. donations in his memory can be given to community hospice of saratoga at: 179 lawrence street, saratoga springs, new york 12866 no viewing is scheduled and there will be a private funeral service at the gerald b. h. solomon national cemetery, later in the year. online condolences and messages to the family may be made at www.flynnbrosinc.com

thomas agin




should friends desire, contributions may be sent to the epilepsy foundation of choice. (e.g., http://www.epilepsysf.org/ or http://www.epilepsyfla.org/)


			×			










william thomas eganegan, william t., 54, of hollywood fl, passed away suddenly on friday, july 20, 2012. while born in columbus ohio, he moved to tampa when he was a very young child. he attended st. patrick’s grade school and tampa catholic high school. he is survived by his loving brother, doug; niece christina, family and friends. we know he had jesus in his heart, and now has entered into a fuller life. bill was dearly loved and will be missed. there will be an irish wake, to celebrate his life, on saturday, august 11th, 2012, beginning at 3 pm, at the home of his brother doug, in tampa. (rsvp 813-855-6392)
ar dheis dé go raibh a anam
may his soul be on god’s right side

should friends desire, contributions may be sent to the epilepsy foundation of choice. (e.g., http://www.epilepsysf.org/ or http://www.epilepsyfla.org/)







			×			














