










home - south pacific island travel



















































 


















over 30 years experience with dive travel














 206.367.0956


 877.773.4846
 
 my profile



contact us













skip to content


toggle navigation









menuabout uschoose a destinationdestinations widgets australiabelizecaribbeancosta ricaecuador & galapagosegypt & red seafijifrench polynesiahondurasindonesiamalaysiamaldivesmexicomicronesiapapua new guineaphilippinessolomon islandssouth africatanzaniathailandvanuatuaustralianot only is australia the sixth largest country in the world, it is also its own continent and about the same size as the lower 48 states. australia is a land full of powerful experiences just waiting to be discovered, from encounters with incredible wildlife on land and underwater, to pulse-pounding extreme adventures. dive the...discover australiabelizewith one foot in the central american jungles and the other in the caribbean sea, belize may be small, but it's packed with adventure and culture. belize barrier reef is the second largest in the world, after australia's, with over 100 types of coral and some 500 species of tropical fish. it's pure paradise for...discover belizecaribbeanthe caribbean islands area a massive archipelago located in the caribbean sea. from white sand beaches in st. maarten to the cactus topped desert inland of the abc's (aruba, bonaire, curacao), the wind swept coves and reefs of dominica in the east to the jungle dressed tips of cuba and the antilles in the west,...discover caribbeancosta ricacosta rica is one of the best places in the world to experience lush tropical jungles filled with playful monkeys, crocodiles and poison dart frogs! for the diver escape to cocos island on a liveaboard scuba diving trip ! cocos is a lush, green uninhabited island resting 342 miles off costa rica's pacific coast. rocky...discover costa ricaecuador & galapagospostcard-pretty colonial centers, kichwa villages, amazonian rainforest and the breathtaking heights of the andes – a dazzling array of wonders is squeezed into this compact country. the historic centers of quito and cuenca are lined with photogenic plazas, 17th-century churches and monasteries, and beautifully restored mansions. wandering the cobblestone streets amid architectural treasures from spanish...discover ecuador & galapagosegypt & red seasurrounded by vast deserts, the red sea expands 1300 miles from the north, the gulf of aqaba, to bab el mandeb in the south. coral reefs are the main reason for diving the red sea and the best way to do it is off a live-aboard. majority of the boats depart from hurghada. one of...discover egypt & red seafijiknown for its luxurious private-islands, all-inclusive resorts, top spas, culinary destinations and outdoor adventures, fiji is widely celebrated for its culture, which uniquely welcomes visitors home.  

fiji’s white sand beaches and pristine, crystal-clear ocean waters offer an ideal vacation destination for divers, honeymooners and families – or simply, those looking to relax and get away from it all. fiji is easily accessible through convenient, non-stop flights from los angeles, san francisco or honolulu aboard fiji airways.discover fijifrench polynesiathere are 118 islands and atolls that constitute french polynesia, of which tahiti is the largest and most well known. the islands are located south of the equator, in the same time zone as hawaii. tahiti's faa'a airport is just 7 hours by air from los angeles. the island of tahiti, with its capital city...discover french polynesiahondurashonduras is located in the heart of central america and full of adventure. with white sand beaches, rain forests, mangroves, mountain ranges and the mesoamerican barrier reef system (the world’s second largest barrier reef), honduras is considered a biodiversity hot spot. on the northern coast honduras borders the caribbean sea with long stretches of beautiful...discover hondurasindonesiathe republic of indonesia is the largest archipelago in the world comprising 13,466 large and small tropical islands fringed with white sandy beaches, many still uninhabited and a number even still unnamed. among the most well-known islands are sumatra, java, bali, kalimantan (formerly borneo), sulawesi (formerly celebes), the maluku islands and papua. then, there is...discover indonesiamalaysiaever since diving legend jacques cousteau raved about sipadan's diversity of marine life, this diving mecca has become the number one “must dive” destination in malaysia. it is located off the east coast of sabah, malaysia's eastern most state and lies on the north-eastern corner of borneo, the world's third largest island. sipadan is well...discover malaysiamaldivessprawled across the equator in the middle of the indian ocean is the unspoiled tropical jewel called the maldives. the maldives consist of 1190 islands with 26 major atolls strewn across an area of 500 miles by 75 miles. only 200 of the islands are inhabited and 87 of those have been developed as resorts....discover maldivesmexicomexico offers divers a number of vastly different experiences from east to west. you can dive the yucatán peninsula with its famous mesoamerican barrier reef just offshore in the caribbean sea and move inland to dive the landlocked cenotes. on the west coast, you have the diving of the mexican rivera along the pacific ocean...discover mexicomicronesiamicronesia consists of four large island groups: the marianas archipelago, which includes guam; the caroline islands and the states of yap, truk, phonpei and kosrae, which make up the federated states of micronesia; the republic of palau; and the marshall islands. made up of more than two thousand islands scattered over three million square miles...discover micronesiapapua new guineafrom its rugged mountains and low-lying swamps, to steaming volcanoes and coral atolls, papua new guinea is a country of vast geographical diversity. located just south of the equator, papua new guinea covers a land mass of about 178,300 square miles, an area slightly larger than california. the country encompasses the eastern part of the...discover papua new guineaphilippineswith more than 7000 islands and a coastline twice the length of the united states, the philippines can claim to be asia’s beach capital. visitors can enjoy the warm crystal blue waters of both the china sea and the pacific ocean. from strong currents and the deep sea, to ship wreck dives for history’s sunken...discover philippinessolomon islandstucked away in the south pacific, between papua new guinea and fiji, the solomon islands are an untouched travel destination. they offer a chance to explore islands of exotic beauty, a unique blend of cultures, a fascinating history and a warm pacific welcome. scuba dive unexplored reefs, wwii history, kastom culture, hard and soft coral,...discover solomon islandssouth africasouth africa is one of the continent's best safari destinations, offering the big five (lion, leopard, buffalo, elephant and rhino). you can drive right into the epic wilderness at kruger national park or join khaki-clad rangers on guided drives and walks. but it's not all about big-game sightings – wildlife watching here also teaches you...discover south africatanzaniatanzania is the land of safaris with wildebeest stampeding across the plains, hippos jostling for space in muddy waterways, elephants wandering along seasonal migration routes and chimpanzees swinging through the trees. take a boat safari down the rufiji river past snoozing crocodiles in selous game reserve, watch giraffes silhouetted against ancient baobab trees in ruaha...discover tanzaniathe kingdom of thailandland of smiles, ocean of wonder; the kingdom of thailand is stunning. with impressive jungle covered mountains, gorgeous beaches and tropical islands, national parks, wildlife and ancient cities, this country offers a huge diversity, not just in the landscape but also in the people, food, traditions and festivals. central thailand for most travelers the adventure...discover thailandexplore remote vanuatuan adventure far beyond any notions of cruise-ship ports and flashy resorts. deserted beaches, ancient culture, remote and rugged islands and world-class diving are just a small part of the magnetism of this scattered 80-plus island archipelago. where else can you hike up a crater and stare into a magma-filled active volcano then ashboard back...discover vanuatu

 closeliveaboardsgroup tripsspecialstravel blog



 





 

answer the call to vanuatu!



 

celebrating 25 years!




previous next




welcome to south pacific island travel...
picture white sand beaches, sun filled days, scuba diving in warm tropical waters and spectacular sunsets. with over 30 years experience with dive travel around the globe, we have set ourselves apart from others by personally visiting, exploring and diving all of our destinations. when you make your travel arrangements with south pacific island travel, you can be assured that your vacation or holiday will be hassle-free and exceed your expectations.


learn more about us





choose your paradise
australia
belize
caribbean
costa rica
ecuador/galapagos
egypt/red sea
fiji islands
french polynesia
honduras
indonesia
malaysia
maldives
mexico
micronesia
papua new guinea
philippines
solomon islands
south africa
tanzania
thailand
vanuatu






current specialslearn more
group travellearn more
liveaboardslearn more



white sand beaches, sun filled days, scuba diving in warm tropical waters and spectacular sunsets.


click here to learn about our fiji special
let's go divingsend us an e-mail







 

  
10701 aurora ave. north
 seattle, wa 98133
+1.877.773.4846
+1.206.367.0956 info@spislandtravel.com
 

 

contact us 




						south pacific island travel						 © 2025												• website created by duck diver marketing




 



































menu




about us
choose a destination

tanzania
australia
belize
caribbean
egypt & red sea
costa rica
fiji
french polynesia
ecuador & galapagos
indonesia

bali & komodo
east kalimantan
maluku province
sulawesi
west papua – raja ampat


malaysia
maldives
mexico
micronesia

chuuk
palau
yap


papua new guinea
philippines
solomon islands
thailand
vanuatu


liveaboards
group trips
specials
travel blog




