

 






scenic sedona bed & breakfast inn | alma de sedona



























































 











homeroomssee all roomsdel solathenamarie's roomdesert dreamsnative spiritsromantic reflectionsjourney's endsettlers pinecasa blancafar pavilionsphotosarea infosedona adventuresgrand canyonparks & monumentsjeromehorseback ridingwineriesrestaurantsverde canyon railroadsedona international film festivalhummingbird festivalgolfingspiritualitybreakfastpolicies & additional infoabout uspoliciesconciergeblogseasonscontact & directionshomeroomssee all roomsdel solathenamarie's roomdesert dreamsnative spiritsromantic reflectionsjourney's endsettlers pinecasa blancafar pavilionsphotosarea infosedona adventuresgrand canyonparks & monumentsjeromehorseback ridingwineriesrestaurantsverde canyon railroadsedona international film festivalhummingbird festivalgolfingspiritualitybreakfastpolicies & additional infoabout uspoliciesconciergeblogseasonscontact & directionshomeroomsspiritualityseasonsarea infobreakfastblogpolicies & additional informationabout usphotosconciergedirectionspoliciescontactprivacy policyhomeroomsspiritualityseasonsarea infobreakfastblogpolicies & additional informationabout usphotosconciergedirectionspoliciescontactprivacy policyp: (928) 282-2737book now

book direct for best rates!check availabilitywith its incredible red rock viewsour roomswith its incredible red rock viewsgetaway dealswith its incredible red rock viewsour roomssedona bed and breakfastalma de sedona bed & breakfast inn, with its incredible red rock views, is situated on a quiet street in a high end residential neighborhood. three guest buildings face different directions providing spectacular views from each guest room. all rooms are offset, allowing you the privacy you want while relaxing on your patio or balcony.we are surrounded by thunder mountain, chimney rock, coffee pot rock, airport mesa and many other named red rocks that are all visible from our property. each offset room at alma de sedona bed and breakfast inn is designed with your comfort, privacy and pleasure in mind.alma de sedona’s southwestern flair immerses you in the magic that is sedona. the quality of our inn is exceeded only by the level of service you will receive from our topnotch staff. each member is well trained to provide information and concierge services designed around your idea of the perfect vacation in sedona. when you stay with us, you'll experience the warmth of staying with good friends, along with all the comforts of a fine hotel. come and let us pamper you.welcome to alma de sedona bed & breakfast innprivacy… when first meeting with the architects to design alma de sedona, we were asked what design features were most important to us. “views and privacy” was the immediate response. alma de sedona provides an abundance of both. every guest room has a separate entrance and either a large private patio or balcony framing your very own red rock views. our rooms are designed to be enjoyed, with fireplaces and sitting areas, jetted tubs meant for two, separate showers (except in ada approved del sol), and exquisite furniture and decor. come enjoy the small pleasure of lounging for hours by the seasonally heated pool appreciating the spectacular views, or experiencing the opulence of a king-sized bed dressed with plush pillows, down comforters, and custom designed duvets. view roomssign up todaysubscribe to our newsletter and be the first to learn about our seasonal promotions and special deals.

email *  required

phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  















trip advisor reviewswe strive to provide an exceptional level of service for every guest and are proud to be the #1 ranked sedona inn on tripadvisor. view reviewsinstagramfollow us on instagram @almadesedona to see our breakfast dishes and more behind-the-scenes content.follow us

50 hozoni drive, sedona, az 86336, united states  p: (928) 282-2737  e: innkeeper@almadesedona.com©2020 alma de sedona. all rights reserved. | privacy statementsimple software for innkeepers by odysys

























