




 


hawai'i craftsmen - home













log in





cart
()

 











home




event registration




membership



renew




join




member directory




our members




artist pages







programs



raku ho'olaule'a 2025




annual statewide exhibition 2025




'aha-hana-lima-2024




fiber hawai'i 2024




program archives



program archives asje




program archives fiber




program archives raku




program archives ‘aha hana lima







master artist videos







about



mission statement




board of directors




contact us







support



donate




volunteer







store












hawai'i craftsmen is a non-profit organization dedicated to promoting and preserving the rich tradition of fine craftsmanship in the hawaiian islands through educational programs, exhibitions, and events that showcase the diverse talents of its members.



raku hoʻolauleʻa
raku hoʻolauleʻa (a celebration of raku) brings together ceramic artists to participate in raku and related firing techniques at a campout which is held in a beautiful beach setting on the north shore of oʻahu. additional events include a tea bowl workshop, demonstrations by our guest artist, an exhibition, and a community kiln.
more information and registration

annual statewide exhibition
hawaiʻi’s premier statewide juried exhibition features works of traditional and contemporary craft selected from across the state of hawaiʻi. our next exhibition will be held in october 2025 and registration will be open from august 1-31.
more information and prospectus

ʻaha hana lima workshops
'aha hana lima ("gathering of the crafts") is held annually. it's a series of intensive multi-day workshops, lectures, and dialogs concerned with various media: clay, metal, wood, fiber, or glass. a free public lecture is also part of this event.

visit the archive

fiber hawaiʻifiber hawai'i is offered every other year. this exhibition encourages participation from artists in all media who wish to explore fiber related work. in this case fiber as a media as well as fiber as an idea is encouraged. the juror also presents a slide lecture about their work or developments in the field, which is free and open to the public. when appropriate, a workshop is also offered.visit the archive
 























   hawaii craftsmen is supported by the hawai’i state foundation on culture and the arts,  the hawaii community foundation, the atherton family foundation, the cooke foundation, the mcinerny foundation, the national endowment for the arts, the laila twigg-smith art fund, several private family foundations and our membershawai‘i craftsmen 1110 nuuanu ave, honolulu, hi 96817 • info@hawaiicraftsmen.org • 808-521-3282

















powered by wild apricot membership software









