




area 51 - home of the area 51 wah, wah pedal parts, mod kits 















 





 

welcome to area51tone.com/area51tubeaudiodesigns.com! 






 
 
subscribe to the area 51 mailing list and get notified every time a new article comes out.
(you'll also be the first to know about any cool custom pedals i have available or special deals) 
you can opt out anytime easily - but don't worry...i'm not going to hammer your inbox with spam. i hate it when companies do that.
* indicates required

email address  *





 










 sign up in the section above to be informed of all in-stock pedals, special small runs, new products, and all other things a51. 
march 2023 - due to basically the entire world going fucko-bazoo (and all the unpredictable part availability problems that go along with that sort of thing) i am working for another company in addition to building pedals and doing repairs. it's what i love - and nothing is going to stop me from creating and helping people like you out with their tone. it might just take a little longer than usual - so please be patient. a huge thank you to all my customers, past present and future. you keep me going. 

 
 got a wah pedal that needs repair? i do that too.
 go here for the details. 
 
i build area 51 products to a higher standard than most you'll find available today. in fact, many of the types of parts and techniques that i use are typically only found in devices made 40+ years ago. switchcraft chassis mount jacks (board mounted jacks commonly fail), audio-grade opamps, transistors, resistors and capacitors, hand-wound wah inductors....all these things may not matter to some - but they matter to me. my goal is, and always has been to provide the best possible bang for your buck. much of the gear available on the market today is not even repairable. yeah, they may be a little cheaper to buy, but not when you have to buy another a year from now. hell, many of the "boutique" pedals out there now are made using automated machinery, surface mount components and parts chosen to meet the low price requirements of the maker. and many of these makers don't even make their own stuff! they subcontract bigger companies to make it for them. pfft. could that be the reason that boutique has become somewhat of a joke? well screw that - call me stubborn, but i still do it the old way. by hand with old fashioned through-hole components that are most certainly overkill by any standard. i even make my own inductors by hand for use in my wahs and the alienist boost. and guess what - how many area 51 pedals do i get back in for repairs? very few - and that was exactly how i planned it! i love building these little devices, but once one is finished - i don't want to see it again. i want it to perform flawlessly for it's new owner for many years to come. 
lead times: because each pedal is handcrafted by me for you, there's usually a wait time involved. the typical is 1-2 months. if you don't want to wait - be sure to check our dealers (link to the left), they may have the item you want in their stock. we're presently looking to massively expand our dealer network in the usa especially - so if you are affiliated with a brick and mortar store in the us (or abroad for that matter), please feel free to contact me at the email below. 
contact info 
feel free to email me anytime --- dan@area51tone.com --- and i'll be happy to answer any questions you might have. be sure to allow the above address in your emails' spam blocker.
 
 
mailing address:
area 51
      p.o. box 61
      fremont, mi 49412
    usa
 
 
thanks!
 
dan albrechtownerarea 51
 
 
 
area 51 is a based and red-pilled libertarian owned entity. 
"give me liberty or give me death." - patrick henry 
 
 
 
 
 
all kit and part sales final. returns subject to refund minus shipping cost and 10% restocking fee, return shipment paid by buyer. 
 
 


 





