







chassidic jazz project and reuben hoch website






























home  | 
    about cjp  | 
    reuben hoch  | 
    audio samples  | 
    videos  | 
    images  | 
    news & reviews  | 
    discography  | 
    buy cd  | 
    contact






















welcome to the reuben hoch new music website portal!






























what is the chassidic jazz project?

the chassidic jazz project was formed in 1998 to fill a void in jazz and world music and is dedicated to bringing the music of the jewish people to a larger audience by using jazz as a vehicle for musical expression. the chassidic jazz project is comprised of seven musicians, including its leader, veteran jazz drummer and composer reuben hoch and internationally renowned percussionist bobby thomas, jr.  cjp has an interesting and unusual instrumentation that includes, viola and cello, creating a gorgeous chamber music effect, and blends elements of jazz, fusion and new world, to create a multi-cultural sound that can be described as liturgical music at its best.


































"reuben hoch is one of those rare musicians who has found a way to artistically mold a meaningful statement balancing his technical skills and knowledge of the jazz idiom with his ancestral roots. this is all one can ask of any artist, to rise above craft to the realm of expression. reuben's music is worth listening to and cuts across all musical boundaries."
     - dave liebman


"the music of the cjp is very exciting,and at the same time very calming, by using jewish liturgical music,but played with a real jazz feeling."
     - don friedman


"bravo reuben for this challenging endeavor! it was time that the beauty and spirit of our jewish musical tradition be introduced within the jazz community. the chassidic jazz project amply succeeds in this task! and in doing so, it melds two separate art forms in a constant state of flux. the result: a unique new voice with great potential for growth!"
     - richie zellon


















chassidic jazz project quick links



homepage link
chassidic jazz project
about reuben hoch
news & reviews
discography


audio samples
videos clips
photographs
buy cjp music
contact reuben





reuben resources



southern artisty
sarah jane cion
richie zellon
ignacio berroa
wejew media community












copyright 2008 chassidic jazz project and reuben hoch



32408df3sf