

ata-atapi.com -- test software for nvme, sata and pata

 
ata-atapi.com

   since 1995 we have sold the highest quality
   and most cost effective test software for parallel ata (pata),
   serial ata (sata), and nvm express (nvme).
   our products are easy to use with minimum test system requirements.
   

[click here for our product page and product status]





             ata-atapi.com has joined forces with high performance storage, inc. (hpsi)
         to develop linux(r) versions of the popular industry standard
         dos based nvmeqrwt and nvmetest programs.
         as much as possible the linux(r) versions will have the same look and feel
         as the dos versions of these programs.
         the linux(r) version of the nvmetest program will execute test scripts
         that were used with the dos version with little or no modification.
         the linux(r) version of nvmetest includes our engineering design
         verification test suite and other new features.
         because it has become very difficult to purchase new computers that
         support legacy bios that is required by freedos you should consider switching
         to the linux(r) versions of this test software.
         go to
         high performance storage, inc
for the linux(r) versions of nvmeqrwt and nvmetest.
         the dos based programs will remain available here at ata-atapi.com.
      







                 ata-atapi.com does not manufacture, sell or support any hardware products.
         ata-atapi.com does not provide os drivers for any hardware products.
         ata-atapi.com does not provide technical support for lite-on dvd drives.
         you must contact lite-on tech support at www.liteonit.com.
      




[click here for our product page and product status]

popular storage device interfaces
nvm express (nvme)
a nvme device is usually attached directly to a pcie bus
   resulting in very fast i/o per second (iops) rates. usually 
   more than 10 times faster than the fastest sata devices.
   nvme devices are usually solid state (ssd). see our products
   nvmeqrwt and nvmetest.
serial ata (sata)
sata is a serial interface that emulates pata.  sata has
   replaced pata in all low cost storage systems and
   devices.  this includes hdd, ssd and cd/dvd devices.
   sata supports one ata or atapi device per interface.
   now sata is being replaced by nvme. the original sata host controllers
   emulated the pata host programming interface. the pata host programming
   interface was replaced by sata ahci host controllers that 
   support a form of command queuing called ncq. ncq requires a 
   more complex host programming interface. see our products ahccmdt,
   ahcdemo and ahcncqt.
parallel ata (pata)
pata is the original ata interface that was
   replaced by sata years ago. this interface was widely used by low
   cost disk drives (hdd) and atapi drives (cd/dvd).  pcmcia pc
   card ata devices and compact flash (cf) devices also use a
   pata based interface (for example, the cf trueide
   interface). a parallel ata/atapi interface can support one or two
   devices.  the devices can be ata or atapi or a mix. see our products
   atact and atademo.
links to i/o interace and storage device committees
here are links to major organizations that publish i/o
   interface and storage device standards, specifications and
   other information:



nvme - nvme express committee

ansi - american national standards institute

incits - international commitee for information technology standards

t13 - technical committee 13 - the ata/atapi committee

sata-i/o - serial ata committee

t10 - technical committee 10 - the scsi committee

pcmcia - personal computer memory card international association

cfa - compact flash association

mmca - multi media card association

sd card association


the

   berg software design

   web site is a great resouce for finding information, products
   and services for all i/o interfaces.
if you need serious ata design or development help for your
   ata/atapi project, contact

   deadline specialists.

about ata-atapi.com
notice to anyone providing a link to this site:
   please provide a link only to

   http://www.ata-atapi.com.

   any other link, including links that specify additional
   directory or file information, are subject to change and may
   not work in the future.
page updated 01 dec 2023.


