home | first citizens federal credit union





homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.

loan payment center

open an account

rates

locations

first citizens federal credit union open navigation close navigation 

personal


save & spend


checking

savings

youth savings

term certificates & iras

rates

visa debit card



borrow


rates

pay your loan

personal loans

mortgage

student loans





business


save & spend


checking

savings

rates

support local





digital


digital banking

online banking

your digital wallet

open an account online



about fcfcu


our community


why first citizens'?

community impact

nonprofit grants

individual investment grant

what's happening

relationship support advocates



tools


video library

financial education

helpful links

order checks

prevent fraud

foreign currency

calculators



connect with us


contact us

the crew

schedule an appointment

locations



careers


working @ fcfcu

available positions







loan payment center

open an account

rates

locations

loginclose search dialogwe have the answerswhat can we help you find?search here searchfirst citizens federal credit union   financial education  we're bringing a financial wellness program to our community with free interactive courses, articles, and coaches. 
financial education    we want to invest in your future  tell us what you want to achieve & we may be able to help with our individual investment grant.
investment grants    saving is cool  but giving back is way cooler! learn how our youth savings account supports local youth initiatives. 
youth savings    join us in giving back to the community  check out what's going on at our branches this month!
what's happening playpause close alert 1   closed for the holiday 2/17  
we will be closed monday, february 17th in observance of president's
day. as a reminder, members can perform many of their daily transactions via online banking, telephone banking and atms. 
 close alert 2   online scams  while shopping online, be cautious when entering your account information on suspicious websites and clicking pop up links. be vigilant of phishing texts and emails. this should also be the only website you use to access your online banking. learn more about preventing fraud.   core values  
at first citizens', we are committed to doing what's right, getting better everyday, and supporting our communities. 
  

whatever your goals are

  first citizens' is here to help make them become a reality
as a credit union, we're able to offer more than just products - we also offer care and support. want to manage your spending? build a budget? grow your savings? connect with one of our friendly relationship support advocates today.
relationship support advocates                                manage your banking on your time
you can have the convenience of accessing your accounts right at your fingertips while on the go, 24/7. 
online banking  helpful links  financial wellness
first citizens' supports our community by providing free financial literacy to all in need. search for tools and resources on the topics you are seeking support in. take our financial assessment today to start!
  financial literacy  classroom education 
are you a teacher looking to present real world financial content to your classroom? first citizens' offers a premium online financial literacy program, to educators and students in your area - for free.  for teachers  support for parents
explore resources you can use for free to teach life literacy! whether you are in need of tools for homeschooling, or looking to fill in the gap during summer, we got you covered with a variety of resources for children of all ages.   
for parents
  individual grants
are you applying to a college or trade school? want to advance a skill? maybe looking to change careers but need the funds to take that leap? we want to invest in your future!   individual investment grant  in our community
 throughout the year, first citizens' team members volunteer at various non-profit organizations within our communities. we invite our family, friends, and neighbors to join us in the efforts!  
volunteering is cool
  the crew
the crew is a group of engaging team members who have committed themselves to our communities and its people. they serve as a voice of first citizens’ in conjunction with our current presence in the community.  
the crew
    popular searches  explore our most visited links to get started today!  individual investment grant  financial wellness  community giving  student loans  locations  youth savings    

email sign-up

  want the latest from us?
by signing up for news and updates from first citizens' federal credit union, you'll stay informed about the latest happenings in our community!  sign up  email sign up close email sign up form 
want the latest from us?
  sign up for the latest news, insights and tips from first citizens’. * requiredfirst name* last name* email address* 




enter the characters you see*



play audio 
download audio


enter the characters you hear*


audio captcha
refresh
image captcha
refresh



captcha answer


sign up for our newsletter there was an error submitting the form.noticethis form requires javascript be turned on for it to work. please turn on javascript and refresh the page if you would like to submit an online form. if you cannot turn on javascript, we encourage you to contact your nearest branch location. you're on the list!
we appreciate your interest. we'll see you soon in your e-mail inbox!  

social


facebook

instagram

linkedin

youtube



 

legal


accessibility feedback

digital privacy policy

privacy statement

account disclosures



administration center:200 mill road - suite 100 - fairhaven, ma 02719800-642-7515   nmls# 402997©  first citizens federal credit union. 

