









































    
    structured settlement experts, settlement planning experts ny | ct| nj | usa | london
  
  



















              

 
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   



   






  




 
 (888)-325-8640

 call a settlement expert now







    
 





           home



  about


   about 4structures.com, llc



  about john darer®



  settlement planning for humans





  what you need to know


   what is settlement planning



  what is a structured settlement?



  structured settlement tax benefits



  how structured settlements work



  what are structured settlement annuities?



  structured settlement quotes   |  what you need to know



  rated ages and structured settlement cost savings



  types of  structured settlement payments | what are they?



  structured settlements vs. other investment alternatives



  treasury funded structured settlements (us treasury bond)





  ways to use


   structured settlements for children and minors



  settlements for seniors and retirees



  special needs trust



  structured settlement annuity funded snt



  structured installment sales



  divorce structured settlements



  structured wrongful incarceration cases



  life insurance in settlement planning



  split funded structured settlements



  terminal funding



  worker's compensation claims





  for injured people and attorneys


   settlement planning services



  attorney fee deferrals | structured attorney fees



  don't ignore structures



  medicare set-aside allocation



  monte carlo simulation



  qualified settlement fund as a settlement resolution tool



  settlement preservation trust





  defendants and claims pros


   settlement expert services



  why you need a  settlement expert



  employment structured settlements



  non-qualified structures and assignments



  environmental structured settlements



  ltd structured settlements for disability buyout |  employer paid ltd claims



  funding agreement



  life care plans



  periodic payment assumption reinsurance



  worker's compensation claims





  ask the settlement expert


   structured settlements faq



  common structured settlement questions



  medicare set aside faq





  resources


   structured settlement glossary



  taxable equivalent yield chart  (structures)



  structured annuity companies



  structured settlement links



  structured settlement protection



  state guaranty laws & provisions





  4structures® insurance services


   annuities for income distribution





  contact us



  blog



  video learning



  sell structured settlement


   independent professional advice





  structured settlements quote



  financial calculators



  what they said about us



  london market structured settlements



  new york structured settlement experts



  intellectual property structured settlements



  connecticut structured settlements








   
 structured settlements experts
 settlement planning experts 

  this is the place to go if you need to know
  bridge building ideas with a humanistic process
   

what you need to know

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 







   
 why structured settlements? because certain sells®
  
structured settlements provide secure customized income streams to address what most people worry about the most
 "americans are more afraid of running out of money than death" - allianz  june 4, 2023according to a survey conducted by harris poll for the american psychological association, "money is the top source of stress in our lives, beating out work, family responsibilities, and health concerns"additionally, a profoundqa article states that "money and the future are the number one most common worry"."more than two-thirds of americans consistently agree that pensions are better than 401(k)s for achieving retirement security -employee benefits research institute, greenwald research 2024 retirement confidence survey"46% of retirees said that spending their savings creates anxiety"  protected retirement and income planning survey 2024 chapter 4  november 2024"41% of retirees don't know how to stage withdrawals from their accounts" ibid."the vast majority of americans say all workers should have a pension so they are independent and self-reliant in retirement"  employee benefits research institute, greenwald research 2024 retirement confidence survey,
 $money$ 


what does money mean to you? for many it means having enough money to keep paying your bills, medical bills, insurance premiums, deductibles and co-pays, to maintain or improve your standard of living, especially amplified for injured people and their families, or those that have lost a breadwinner through disability, job layoffs, business closures or death and they seek
certainty.  but it also could be a personal injury lawyer or law firm looking to defer legal fees with the goal of stabilizing income to expenses or keeping their retirement plans on track.
 structured settlements are a core personal injury settlement planning option that addresses this very real primary need 
 "at your greatest time of need, not only if you’re the one who has suffered and you’re the one who is injured, and obviously you need help and the one to be taken care of with your family, and the emotional toll it takes on your family, if you think that when you’re at the most emotional low and physical low of your life and if you think you have what it takes to handle that which can literally keep you going for the rest of your lives, i’m here to tell you you do not. so let somebody help you. let us help you. let us protect you. and let us make sure that everything works, financially speaking simply by doing that which would protect you which is a structured settlement".  suze orman, former financial advisor, author and podcast host october 2021  having a large lump sum doesn't solve the worry
nobel laureate william sharpe, 88, has called "decumulation," or the use of savings in retirement,
“the nastiest, hardest problem in finance.”   if that's nasty, making a lump sum settlement last might be a nastier problem.  "future retirees are going to need retirement income solutions that can provide spending confidence—for both essential spending needs and more discretionary “wants”—and insurance solutions can play an important role within an integrated retirement income and investment strategy"-blackrock 2024a whopping 84 percent of americans say that recent market volatility has made it all the more important to have guaranteed income in retirement  greenwald research 2024 retirement confidence survey  figure 9a similar need for a certain amount of income guarantees holds true for injury victims and others who cannot put all their money at risk. during the pandemic era, a wave of "guaranteed income” programs emerged that experimented with providing people no-strings-attached cash every month. the general goal is to lift people out of poverty. [see bloomberg city lab by sarah holder and brentin mock july 8, 2021]. structured settlements yields are competitive 

structured settlement yields remain competitive
at all durations 
and continue to represent a safe allocation in your personal injury settlement plan, structured installment sale, employment settlement or commercial claim for providing streams of guaranteed income that you need.  if you haven't given structured settlements a look in a few years, it's worth giving structured settlements a fresh look now. life insurance companies that issue structured settlement annuities, funding agreements and are highly regulated in each of the states that they do business. multiple insurance companies issuing structured settlement annuities have been in business since the 19th century.in addition to traditional fixed income structured settlements, there are interest rate linked structured settlements, indexed linked structured settlements  (both capped and uncapped) and market based structured settlement solutions.4structures.com® llc is an
am best client recommended structured settlements expert for 2025, settlement adviser and a provider of a wide range of settlement planning and financial planning products and services. 4structures® brings sudden money® expertise, protocols and tools to parties in all types of claims and litigation that take away the complexity, improve engagement and help facilitate case resolution.  john darer, 4structures.com president, is one of only two certified financial transitionists in the structured settlement and settlement planning space, in the united states. what we do?
4structures.com llc provides innovative customized tax-free and tax deferred fixed and market based periodic payment settlement solutions for personal injury, wrongful death, wrongful incarceration, aviation, medical malpractice, auto, construction, employment and workers compensation claims, via structured settlements, periodic payment reinsurance, funding agreements, terminal funding contracts, disability policy buyouts, life care funding and other customized financial planning solutions, such as special needs trusts, settlement management trusts,  medicare set aside arrangements and qualified settlement funds as well as a variety of
insurance serviceswe're here to help, to patiently listen to the needs of our clients, be an objective settlement adviser, help to facilitate a smooth integration of settlement tools and give the personal attention that our clients deserve. last updated january 24, 2025


    



  speak 
to a settlement expert now
 have a question about structured settlements or settlement planning? i'm here to help. 
call john darer at 888-325-8640, or send me a message and i'll be in touch  
   name

 email

 subject

 message







thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later




   
 structured settlement quotes     what you need to know 
 about structured settlement quotes in 2025 

 
what is settlement planning ?

look up 
structured settlement annuity insurer customer service phone numbers!

why bring a settlement expert to a mediation in 2025 ? 
(video) 


 a  
structured settlement is like a steady job with tax benefits 
(video)

a structured settlement established in january 2004 would have beaten an investment in the s&p 500 over 20 years, if you missed the 10 or more of the biggest trading days or more over the 20 years.
read more

what is the taxable equivalent yield of a structured settlement?

what would i have to earn after-tax, to beat a structured settlement in a safe investment?



    

 


  


  


  




    structured settlement experts
go with the flow
888-325-8640
www.4structures.com

 









      
contact us 
| 
top listed 
structured settlement annuity companies 
| 
ethics 
| 
structured settlement watchdog blog| 
faq 
| 
glossary 
| 
privacy 
| 
terms and conditions


   
4structures.com, llc the structured settlements and settlement planning company 43 harbor drive, #309 stamford, ct 06902 usa888-325-8640646-849-1588 new york city (manhattan, bronx, brooklyn, queens, staten island), westchester(ny), nassau county (ny) , suffolk county on long island (ny),  albany county (ny), oswego county (ny), steuben county (ny),  broome county (ny), onondaga county (ny), monroe county (ny), fairfield county (ct),  new haven county (ct), hartford county (ct) new london county (ct),  tolland county (ct),  litchfield (ct), middlesex (ct) , bergen county (nj),  middlesex county (nj), ocean county (nj)structured settlement experts and settlement planning consultants for settlements  from claims or lawsuits  arising out of aviation accidents, medical malpractice, settlements involving serious personal injury, wrongful death,  wrongful incarceration, employment,  civil rights, discrimination of any type,  auto accidents, motorcycle accidents, maritime accidents, workers' compensation, product liability,  real estate liability, construction defect claims or lawsuits, landlord/tenant,
property, attorney fee deferrals,  funding agreements, structured installment sales, environmental liability and commercial dispute settlements.structured settlements and structured settlement brokerage, settlement planning, sudden money®, financial transitionist, funding agreements and insurance related services provided by 4structures.com llc.             financial advisory services provided through 
groove financial advisors , llc, and its service partners.   fiduciary services, including the custody and administration of trusts provided via service partners.            securities and insurance products are not insured by the fdic, nor by any other federal or state government agency, are not a deposit of and are not guaranteed by a bank or any bank affiliate, and securities may lose value.4structures (uspto reg. 4640532) , 4structures.com (uspto reg. 4640531) , we know structured settlements (uspto reg. 3089738),
because certain sells  (uspto reg. 6237309)  and we know structured sales (uspto reg. 3490489), are registered trademarks of 4structures.com llc.  john darer is a registered trademark of john darer (uspto reg. 4674907)john darer california insurance license 07610764structures.com llc  ca license of19785 d/b/a 4structures settlement insurance agency


   

 

  




    


copyright ©2025 4structures.com llcall rights reserved.
 
 


  






























































































































  
  share by:








