






get prepped | higher scores – guaranteed.  lsat prep classes and tutors
































  
free consultation +1-800-321-7214


home
free lsat questions
live classes

2 & 3 weekend prep course
1 weekend prep course
dates & locations
student testimonials
our teachers
higher score or it is free
enrollment info


personal tutoring

tutoring options
tutoring locations
student testimonials
our teachers
enrollment info


video classes

video class options
higher score or it is free
student testimonials
enrollment info


more

on-line materials login
student testimonials
video testimonials & free video tips
our teachers
our lsat review course vs. kaplan lsat and princeton review lsat
higher score or it is free
law school applications help
enrollment info
free sample lsat and more
scholarships
contact us
blog




 

















liz discusses how she improved 11 points.more testimonials»






increase your lsat score
affordable prices
expert teachers
score higher, or it's free! 
which prep option is best for you?
  


 

 




video class sample

     
        our live full-length classes are also available as on-demand video classes.  want to see what the video class is like?  watch a full class session, ...
more  »



from average to the top 1 percent!

     
        "just wanted to let you know how i did on the lsat. considering that when i started tutoring i was ...
more  »



from 157 to 168, 11 points higher!

     
        "hi, i just received my lsat scores yesterday -- a 168! thanks for all your help getting ready for the ...
more  »




 




we will help you. since 1999 we have helped thousands of students just like you earn the lsat scores they needed. we are so confident that we can help you score higher that if you don't, you don't have to pay a dime.
we offer the best guarantee in the industry because we get great results. »
 

9 out of 10 of our alums agree. our students get excellent teachers, affordable prices, and guaranteed higher scores, then they tell their friends; more than 9 out of 10 alums send their friends to us. (and that 10th guy? he probably never likes anything—or maybe he doesn't have friends.)you get more with get prepped than you do with kaplan
 

you have (lots of) options we have a prep option for your schedule, budget, and level of personalization. »
 follow us. win stuff!
details                  
 


 



© get prepped 2025 


higher score guarantee, privacy policy & enrollment terms
contact us: info@getprepped.com - phone +1-800-321-7214






