


paul smith's college vic | explore nature in the adirondack mountains
















| home | about | trail map | events | calendar | programs | explore | hours | donate | directions |




nature trails
barnum brook trail
heron marsh trail
boreal life trail
hiking trails
jenkins mountain trail
logger's loop trail
woods & waters trail
black pond  trail
long pond trail
bobcat trail
silvi trail
easy street trail
fox run trail
skidder trail
esker trail
adirondackwildlife & plants
wildflowers
trees
butterfly house
mushrooms
birds

 


discover the adirondack mountains at the vic

the vic offers interpretive canoe paddles wednesdays, saturdays, and sundays at 10:00 am.


this site is no longer being updated with vic program and  event information. for current information on vic programs and events, visit: www.paulsmiths.edu/vic. for current  information on adirondack nature trails and natural history, visit: http://wildadirondacks.org/.



paul smiths vic 
    programs
 the 
  3,000-acre paul smith's college vic (visitor interpretive center) in paul 
  smiths, new york, offers a wide variety of free and fee-based arts, sports, and educational programs throughout the year, 
  including bird 
    walks and nature walks, children's 
      educational programs, art exhibits, concerts, lectures, workshops, and naturalist-led paddles. the vic also hosts the 
  annual great adirondack birding celebration on the first weekend in june. an adjacent butterfly 
    house features butterflies and moths in all stages of development.    the vic has also developed a maple sugaring operation and participates in the new york state maple producers association's maple weekends during the spring sugaring season. 

trail system

 the 
  vic's  25 miles of trails, including 6 miles of interpretive nature trails,  showcase the natural beauty 
  of the adirondack mountains and provide unparalleled opportunities to 
  view, hear, photograph, and enjoy nature. the trails weave through 
  woodland and marshland, by ponds, brooks, and bogs. 


many of 
    the trails are surfaced for easy walking. many have trail-side 
    signs explaining natural and man-made features of the landscape. 
the trail system traverses every habitat type found in the adirondack 
    park (with the exception of alpine vegetation) and includes 
    extensive boardwalks through wetland ecosystems. 
the trails are open from dawn to dusk and are free to the public from 
    spring through fall. leashed dogs are welcome. 

exploring adirondack nature

 the varied habitats at the vic provide extensive opportunities to learn about and experience nature in the adirondack mountains. a wide variety of birds make the vic their seasonal or year-round home, making the vic  a bird watching haven which has attracted birders from throughout upstate new york and the northeast. the vic also attracts nature lovers who are interested in wildflowers, trees, mushrooms, butterflies, moths, ferns, and mosses. 

cross county skiing and snowshoeing

 during the winter months, the paul smiths vic becomes a cross-country ski center with over 25 miles of trails for cross country skiing, skate skiing, and snowshoeing. trail users may purchase a day or season pass. when there is adequate snow cover, the trails are open from 9 am to 5 pm.
  there are three categories of trails available at the vic, providing opportunities for outdoor recreation for people of all abilities. 
  
  in addition, some trails are designated for skijoring (dog-drawn   skiing).

history of the paul smiths vic

 the paul smith’s college vic opened in 1989 as  a state-funded facility --â one of two centers created by new york  state so local residents  and visitors would get to know the natural ecosystems of the six-million acre adirondack park.â   for two decades, the paul smiths vic and the newcomb vic served both tourists and local residents, providing a wide range of public  programs, many of them free, thanks to tax-payer funding.

new york state curtailed funding to both visitor  centers in 2010.â  


the newcomb vic was transferred  to the suny college of environmental science and forestry and became the adirondack interpretive center (aic). â 
in january 2011, paul smith’s  college, which owns the land on which the vic building is located, agreed to  take over the paul smiths vic.â  

the paul smiths vic was reopened under the auspices of paul smith’s  college in the summer of 2011.â  many  of the programs that made the paul smiths vic popular under state management  have continued under paul smith’s college management, with free public access to the trails in the warmer months and an expanded, fee-based winter trail network for skiers and snowshoers in the winter. the revitalized vic has also branched out  into a wide range of new activities, linking the center more closely to the  regional arts community and to the college and offering meeting and event  rental opportunities.




upcoming events


this site is no longer being updated. for a calendar of vic events, click here.
native species butterfly house (open daily, 11 to 4)
guided nature walks (wednesday - sunday, at 1 pm) 
interpretive canoe paddles  (wednesdays, saturdays, and sundays, at 10 am)
life on the lakes juried art show (3 july - 1 august 2016)
bird walk (23 july 2016)
yoga on the deck (25 july 2016)
mushroom walk  (26 july 2016)
yoga on the deck (27 july 2016)
bird walk (28 july 2016)
new moon art show: 
jodie maurer – impasto landscapes of the adirondacks (
1 august - 2 september 2016)
mushroom walk  (6 august 2016)
yoga retreat (7 august 2016)
wild edible walk (17 august 2016)



news & notes

life on the lakes juried art show: list of works selected for this show
2016 was the best sugar season ever! buy some!
adopt a sugar maple. makes a great gift.
reminder: hunting is not allowed on vic property.

 





explore the vic 



home
about
trail map
events
programs


explore
hours
directions
donate
calendar



the paul smiths vic offers a wide variety of programs throughout the year to educate and inform adirondack park residents and visitors about the natural wonders of the adirondack mountains. you can help support these programs by joining the friends of the vic. more information on friends of the vic memberships





explore the trails



barnum brook
heron marsh
boreal life
jenkins mountain 
logger's loop
woods and waters
black pond


long pond
bobcat
silvi
easy street
fox run
skidder
esker 



 the vic trails are free and open to the public, from dawn to dusk, spring through fall.  in winter, the trails are open to cross-country skiers and snowshoers for a fee. day or season passes may be purchased.  




paul smith's college vic


8023 state route 30 
          paul smiths, new york 12970
          518-327-6241
vic facebook page
sign up for the vic mailing list


web editor 
this unofficial site celebrates the beauty of the scenic trails at the paul smith's college vic. it is designed to provide detailed material on the plants and wildlife visitors can observe along each of the vic's fourteen trails.





 






