





hotel carlton on the grand canal - official site - 4 stars hotel in venice

























































                
                    do you want to view the website in english?                    x


book now



x













codice promo:




cancella / modifica prenotazione

















 


 
                    hotel carlton on the grand canal                
hotel carlton caprila cupola restauranttop of the carlton sky loungehotel carlton on the grand canal discover the world of chc




hoteldescriptionthe true adventure begins here. discover the fascination, the elegance and the warmth of our welcome!restaurantsexclusive aromas and tastes to discover.  delicious cuisine. unique and authentic atmosphere.roomsdiscover and choose from our rooms:  style, comfort, enchanting view of the grand canal or the typical, narrow venetian streets;  or an unusual and tranquil nook in our patio-garden.conference roomm.i.c.e.  the whole 360° world of business . a professional approach and an ample range of services.galleryhoteldeals & eventspackageslive the emotion of a holiday organised in the best way possible, with our romntic, theme or tourist packages.wedding receptionseverything must be perfect for this most important day.  you bring your love, we’ll take care of everything else.events in hotela party for every occasion.  anniversaries.  theme evenings. festivities. special moments to share.deals & eventscontact uscontact us contact usservicesservicesporters’ lodge servicesdiscover the multiplicity of our porters’ lodge services.  transfers, visits, tickets for concerts, gondola rides.serviceslocationwhere we arein the heart of venice,  by the placid water of the grand canal, the main route which embraces all the city.locationblogitinerariesbloglorem ipsum dolor eccclorem ipsum dolor eccc

e-shop


search








language

english
italiano
français
deutsch
español
日本語
中文
português
русский




 hotel carlton on the grand canal - 4 stars hotel in venice          packages   love & romance in venice     your honeymoon in venice, with its romance, magnificent scenery.plan a romantic getaway with your loved one in venice and experience a couple’s getaway unlike any other.
   top of the carlton – sky lounge package     celebrate spring and summertime in venice and take as much as you can from your mini break in town.
   celebration package     for your birthday or any special occasion, come to venice at the hotel carlton on the grand canal to mark that special day in a very special destination.
     news   five good reasons to choose the hotel carlton on the grand canal     venice is a unique city of its kind and for this reason, organizing a comfortable stay in a strategic position is essential for spending a pleasant and worry-free holiday.choose hotel carlton on the grand canal for a comfortable and relaxing holiday.
   unesco sustainable travel pledge     we are pleased to announce that we have signed the unesco sustainable travel pledge!
   our breakfast     if a good day starts in the morning, then your day will definitely begin on the right foot thanks to our fabulous breakfast.  
     restaurants   la cupola restaurant     enchanting afternoons and fabulous evenings. a cocktail in the clouds or a dinner served in the most exclusive surroundings of venice. all the fascination of the grand canal and the magic of venice.
   top of the carlton sky lounge & restaurant     enchanting afternoons and fabulous evenings. a cocktail in the clouds or a dinner served in the most exclusive surroundings of venice. all the fascination of the grand canal and the magic of venice.
   carlton café     a snack, an ice-cream, a coffee with a tantalizing aroma, hot chocolate. the carlton café is your special place in venice.
        


hotel carlton on the grand canal s.i.g.a.t srl società gestione alberghi turismo, santa croce 578,30135 venezia, c.f. p.i. 00910380278 numero rea ve-0174858 pec:sigat@legalmail.it capitale sociale 136350,00  cin  it027042a1ham7mzlm
email: sales@corihotels.it - phone: + 39 041 2752200 | fax: + 39 041 2752250
you can also find us on

facebook 
google plus 
twitter 
youtube 
instragram 

hotel carlton on the grand canal ® p.iva 00910380278  © 2000-2014 all rights reserved. no part of this site may be reproduced without our written permission. realizzato da venezianet srl.
                        | cookie policy


















 





