







desert dawg


















 



home page



 



renovation journal
 
                          renovation part 1  - 01/20/2020




 



build journal

                          frame
                          exterior shell - part i
                          exterior shell - part ii
                          exterior shell - part iii               
                          exterior shell - part iv
                          electrical - part i
                          electrical - part ii
                          cabin - part i
                          cabin - part ii
                          galley - part i                    
                          galley - part ii

						  resources



 



dutch oven 101
 
                          basic equipment
                          basic technique
                          simple recipes
                          resources



 



photo gallery
                          grand canyon
                          valley of fire 
                          rural west i
                          rural west ii 
                          bryce canyon
                          death valley 
                          red rock



 



motorcycle luggage trailer
                          build pictures



 



unique campers and trailers

                          pictures 





 



drop me a note at:

                          jdhart999@cox.net

thanks to all of you who have written those nice e-mails and given me such encouragement!   joanne



 


 


 






 


 


© 2005 - 2020 all rights reserved











july 2020



notice:

					  i am moving the website to a new address that is easier to remember:   www.desert-dawg.com

					  please use that website and update your bookmark to point to the new site. thanks!!  
					  


					hi everyone!

					i want to share with you all the things going on with the desert dawg. the bad news is that the dawg has made its last trip. the good news is that there is going to be a major remodel of the trailer. and just like the original build, you get to come along on the journey! 
					
					all the years of getting dragged up and down desert trails have taken its toll on the trailer. just a couple of days ago a fender bracket broke from a stress fracture. the hatch was destroyed by a large gust of wind up in tonopah. the fiberglass is starting to peel up in a few locations. and of course, water damage. so i'm going to put the trailer under the carport and start the rebuild. it may sound funny, but i'm looking forward to the project and dreading it at the same time. there is so much work ahead, but the end result should put the dawg back on the road for a long time to come. hopefully one of my children will want the trailer once i'm no longer using it.
					
					so here's the big surprise. i'm now on youtube! and of course, the desert dawg is a big part of show. i really hope that you will join me over there and watch as we make the desert dawg better than when i first built it! we'll also be doing a lot of mine exploring and outdoor cooking along the way. if you like what we are doing over there, please subscribe to the channel.
					

					        joanne
















joanne's trailer diary

			 teardrops caught my eye a number of years ago when i watched a television show that highlighted these cute little trailers. their diminutive size along with their art-deco shape immediately captured my attention. i found a number of online forums where owners and builders gathered to discuss their trailers. after spending quite a bit of time reading through the forums i decided that i might be able to build one myself.
			 
			 here's dave trying out my first attempt at building a teardrop. i didn't realize that the plans i have are half-scale! back to the drawing board.
			 


			 although i love the classic shape of a teardrop, for a number of reasons i have decided to build what is often referred to as a grasshopper. a grasshopper is functionally identical to a teardrop, with a small sleeping compartment and a rear galley, but has an angular shape rather than the rounded shape of a classic teardrop.
			 
			 recently i have started thinking about the whole trailer concept again. this time i started thinking about how i would use the trailer rather than how
			 i wanted it to look. i finally concluded that i want a trailer that strikes a balance between looks, functionality, cost, and amenities. i'm not going on the
			 "show trailer" circuit, rather i want something i can hook up to my suv on the spur of the moment and head out camping. once i realized that my main goal was
			 camping rather than impressing people with my craftsmanship, the design came together quite easily. 
			 
			 i have some skill in metal work, but almost no experience in wood work. because of that i'm going to try to minimize the amount of wood work. with that in mind i came up with the following goals:
			 - structurally strong 
			 - simple construction techniques
			 - minimize cost
			 - simple cabinetry 
			 - wide enough to comfortably sleep two ( i often have friends join me camping) 
			 - reasonable build time 
			 
			 this has led me to some specific design/construction criteria: 
			 - start with the existing boat trailer i have 
			 - use a grasshopper profile rather than a teardrop profile to simplify construction 
			 - use a formica counter top from home depot in the galley 
			 - use plastic storage bins rather than constructing drawers 
			 - 12v only, no 110v 
			 - no sink or plumbing 
			 - no built-in stove 
			 

			 here are a couple of drawings i did to see if i could find a shape i like.
			 






follow along as i try to build my "desert dawg"!
















