how to get great catering in overland park, ks       
skip to contentbondshow to get a bond

menu
close
how to get great catering in overland park, ksvideosarticleshow to get great catering in overland park, ksoverland park, kansas event specialistsyou’ve dreamed of getting married for as long as you can remember. now let events, etc… catering & design provide a menu that will allow you and your guests to indulge while you celebrate this momentous occasion. no matter the size of your wedding or number of guests you’re expecting, we can design and deliver a menu that’s bound to please.at your servicethis is your special day. let us help take it to the next level by creating a menu your guests will love. from tasty appetizers during your cocktail hour to an elegant sit-down meal, we’ll cover all the details to ensure that you and your guests are well-fed. have a favorite food item? we’ll be happy to feature it. have specific dietary requests or restrictions? we’ll work around them. we want to help make this day as magical as possible, and we’ll be more than happy to plan a menu that reflects your style and taste.see us in overland parkmake your wedding an event to remember. call us today to learn more about our wedding catering services.business hoursday hoursmonday 9:00 am to 5:00 pmtuesday 9:00 am to 5:00 pmwednesday 9:00 am to 5:00 pmthursday 9:00 am to 5:00 pmfriday 9:00 am to 5:00 pmsaturday by appointmentsunday by appointmentwhy choose us?highly experienced
locally owned & operated
punctual, professional staff
in business over 30 years
wedding coordinators on staff
member of nate
executive chef on staff
custom menu’s available
full service catering and event planningevents, etc… catering & design home > privacy policyyour privacy is important to us (“us” or “we” or “our”) and we are committed to respecting it. the following is intended to explain the relationship between us and the site of the advertiser that you may have visited and to advise you of the limited ways that we may use information provided as the result of your visit to that site.our serviceswe provide marketing services for the advertiser whose site you visited, and we provide certain tools to the advertiser that allow the advertiser to assess the effectiveness of our marketing services. if you click on one of the online links for our advertiser, you may be directed to a landing page or website hosted by us or on our behalf for our advertiser (“hosted site”). the phone numbers on the hosted sites are usually phone numbers that we have provisioned, but you are connected directly to the advertiser. if the hosted site has a lead form, that lead form is e-mailed directly to the advertiser. by doing this, we are able to let the advertiser know which calls, emails, site visits, etc. the advertiser is receiving as the result of our marketing services.what information do we collect?we collect the following personally identifiable information (“pii”):if you submit a lead form to our advertiser by clicking on the “submit” link on a hosted site, that lead form routes to our advertiser’s designated e-mail address. we collect the information you include on the lead form, which may include pii, and we keep this information in our advertiser’s account to assist the advertiser in assessing our marketing services. if you contact one of our advertisers by calling a telephone number that we have provisioned for our advertiser, we may collect pii such as your name and telephone number. we keep this information in our advertiser’s account to assist the advertiser in assessing our marketing services. we may also record the telephone conversation to track the performance of our marketing services and for quality assurance purposes. if the telephone conversation will be recorded, you will be notified before the conversation begins. how we may use your piiif you provide us with pii, we may retain the information to assess the performance of our advertisements and services. we also may use pii to ensure compliance with our policies and applicable law. we will not sell or share your pii with any unaffiliated third parties for marketing purposes. we will not use your pii for any future communication with you, via email or otherwise.collection of personal information by advertiserany pii that you provide may also be kept and maintained by the advertiser and is subject to the advertiser’s privacy policy. we do not control the manner in which the advertiser uses any pii provided to the advertiser through your lead form or phone calls. therefore, any questions regarding the treatment of any such information by the advertiser should be referred directly to the advertiser.with whom we may share your piiwe share your pii with our advertisers, as described above. we may also use other businesses to perform certain services for us, and pii may be provided to those businesses when that information is necessary for them to complete a requested transaction or otherwise perform their duties. we will take reasonable steps to ensure that these third party service providers are obligated to protect pii on our behalf. except as described in this policy, we will not share the content of the emails or the phone conversations with anyone other than the advertiser.we reserve the right to disclose pii in circumstances when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other visitors, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. we also reserve the right to disclose visitor information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.instructions to (i) opt-out of future communications and (ii) modify or delete your pii articles
who has to post a surety bond in the investment world?
by admin
/ february 6, 2023if you're in the investment world, then you've probably heard the term "surety bond." but do you know what it...read morearticles
why do i need a payment and performance bond?
by admin
/ august 9, 2022when you are starting a new business, there are a lot of things to think about. one important decision you...read morearticles
why this is important most bond brokers simply
by admin
/ september 3, 2020why this is important most bond brokers merely promote bonds, we produce them. below the miller act, which is still...read morearticles
an in depth study of the importance
by admin
/ september 2, 2020an in depth study of the importance of a bid bond there's monetary threat pertaining to any type of company...read morearticles
what you need to know most bond brokers
by admin
/ august 28, 2020what you need to know many bond brokers just sell bonds, we develop them. your insurance coverage person must have...read morearticles
a deeper look at how long it
by admin
/ august 27, 2020a deeper look at how long it takes to get a bid bond the surety bond assistance program provides technical...read morearticles
why this is important bid bonds are the
by admin
/ august 25, 2020why this is important proposal bonds are the most regular sort of proposal guaranty for public jobs building efforts. (d)...read morearticles
a deeper look at bid bond examples most
by admin
/ august 24, 2020a deeper look at bid bond examples most bond brokers simply sell bonds, we produce them. requesting a bid bond...read morearticles
what you need to know fulfilling the unique
by admin
/ august 21, 2020what you need to know satisfying the one-of-a-kind desires of specialists and businesses. all contractors need to doubtless offer efficiency...read morearticles
a deeper look public works contracts are
by admin
/ august 19, 2020a deeper look public works contracts are defined as work which requires the erection, building and construction, alteration, portray, bring...read more
keyboard_arrow_up
theme: noto simple            

