







british iris society – promote, improve and extend the cultivation of irises


















































skip to content

















the british iris society






menumenuhomeevents and newsabout us

about usgroupsgallery
plants and flowers

plants and flowersseed listiris guidegrowing irisespests and diseaseswhere to buytrialsregistering a new iris
join us

join usmembership payment
members’ area

library catalogueshopshow schedules
logincontact us








 
















aldridge parasol
beacon beam
jet ace
real treasure
spring show



















welcome






on this website you will find a basic guide to the family of irises. we have also added links to the wide range of other sources that we hope you may find interesting and useful.
information about the bis is here as well as lists of its events and related groups, both local and specialist.
we hope you will enjoy this site and come to share our love, excitement and interest in irises.
note that our membership rates have now changed but still offer excellent value, new members will be welcomed and enquiries through the contact page answered as promptly as possible.






the british iris society is registered with the charity commission - number 261896

















promoting british irises since 1922













find out more




























promoting british irises since 1922













find out more











































we were delighted the rhs chelsea flower show 2022 awarded the british iris society a gold medal.
you can read more about the event and get a link to the bbc coverage here.




















become a member of the society






our membership grows a wide range of plants and it is often said that there is an iris for every soil condition.
some members also continue the long tradition of breeding new varieties while others work hard to preserve historic ones.
the bis counts a number of plant heritage national collection holders amongst its members.
why not join us?







find out more































shop now for publications and more







find out more




























news and events






















bis late spring show and investigating iris day 27th april 
please come and join us at plumely village hall plumley near knutsford, cheshire wa16 0tr on sunday 27th april 2025 ...
read more → 








bis seed scheme 2024-2025 
the british iris society seed scheme 2024-2025 is now open to non-members. please download the seed list using the link ...
read more → 








‘my family and other irises’ zoom talk 
zoom talk thursday 23rd january 2025 at 7.30pm 'my family and other irises' - a talk by lucy skellorn lucy ...
read more → 













dates for your diary 
  zoom talk thursday 23 jan 7.30pm 'my family and other irises' - a talk by lucy skellorn details early ...
read more → 








2024 virtual show winners 
we are pleased to announce the winners of the 2024 virtual show. a big thank you to everyone for taking ...
read more → 








moorcroft pottery for west & midlands iris group’s 50th 
moorcroft pottery have kindly created a range to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the west and midlands iris group. this ...
read more → 








agm & lecture day 2024 
we are pleased to announce the details of our 101st agm to taken place at holton, oxfordshire on saturday 21st ...
read more → 








2023 virtual show winners 
british iris society 2023 virtual show results class 1 bearded iris 1st:75  julie scott -'constantine bay' 2nd: 76  jane stevenson ...
read more → 













members’ wants & offers 
members wants and offers are posted below. if you are a member and would like a post on this page, ...
read more → 








trying to restore my dear friends collection 
i rescued my original iris collection via a lifelong friend after his mother - passionate iris collector, bis member, exhibitor, ...
read more → 













rhs awards to members 
we are pleased to report that two bis members have received rhs awards.   first we are delighted to report ...
read more → 








john salter bearded iris and early ‘natural’ hybrids 
i am collecting john salter iris and any information about him and his irises. salter had nurseries in hammersmith london ...
read more → 













seed list 
please note that the 2024 seed list is now open to the public      
read more → 













chelsea 2022: stand gpe193 in the great pavilion 
tuesday 24 may - saturday 28 may we were delighted that the team won a gold medal for their hard ...
read more → 













ferdinand cayeux irises 
ferdinand cayeau and iris seraphita i am trying to collect as many irises as possible bred by the french hybridiser ...
read more → 













a quest for suffolk raised irises 
having had the idea planted in my mind recently by sarah cook (of sir cedric morris fame) i am undertaking ...
read more → 




















get in touch



































 




send us a message 
for all enquiries, please use this form. we aim to respond within 24 hours wherever possible.
 
 



























invalid email











invalid number












send message



message failed. please try again.

thanks for your message! we’ll be in touch soon.











 














info@britishirissociety.org.uk




























website design by george foster









 
























