


















optimize windows with jv16 powertools









key features


benchmarks





pricing





forum





support





blog






 
        download
      






 


















key features


benchmarks





pricing




forum





support





blog









 




 



easy computer maintenance

               jv16 powertools is a windows utility program with 18 powerful, 
               yet easy-to-use tools to make your life with windows easier.
               






automatically fix common windows errors





optimize computer startup time





easily take beautiful screenshots





free up space by finding duplicate files and cleaning temp files





increase privacy by blocking ads and unwanted websites system-wide





see system info and much, much more!





download
                  




                     buy now
                  



latest version: 
8.1.0.1564


file size: 
23.6 mb


supports: 
windows 11, 10, 8, 7




jv16 powertools dashboard shows system information and allows easy access to all the tools. click to view the full size screenshot. 


for specific needs, here are our new standalone tools: winfindr


 and uninstalr


 - for everything else, there’s jv16 powertools.




                recommended by users and experts for over 20 years!
                









system fixer








improves your windows pc’s stability.




                           can detect and automatically fix many types of common
                           windows errors.
                        




                           doesn’t just remove the erroneous data but actually fixes
                           errors.
                        






system cleaner









                           cleans unneeded files with the focus on
                           safety.
                        




                           finds and removes left-over traces of old software.
                        




                           removes tracking cookies from your browsers for improved
                           privacy.
                        






software uninstaller









                           uninstall many apps at the same time with a support for unattended uninstallation.
                        




                           custom uninstallation engine removes all the traces of apps.
                        




                           shows which apps you are no longer using to help you decide what to remove.
                        











new feature!
system examiner


                    system examiner generates a system information report from windows computers. it lists details of your computer’s installed hardware and software, the operating system’s originality, as well as attempts to detect common system errors and potential problems.
                  

learn more about system examiner






 








new feature!
screenshot


                    the new screenshot tool allows you to easily take beautiful screenshots in windows and share them with a single click to our cloud service.
                  

learn more about screenshots






 








new feature!
windows update fixer


                    update fixer is a tool specifically designed to detect and fix the common problems that can cause windows update not to work. when the official windows update troubleshooter fails, jv16 powertools update fixer can help!
                  

learn more about windows update fixer






 




what our customers say? 😊











highly recommend!
so many times tech support is nothing more than a 'black' hole. help is required, you submit the issue and it falls into the abyss. this is not the case with macecraft software. their software is solid, stable
and their support staff is responsive and knowledgeable.i don't give out a's often but macecraft software deserves it. macecraft software is an excellent choice. 


randall
usa













                  the response to support questions i've received have come
                     promptly, accurately and courteously.
                  

                     no hassles and no waiting on the phone, wading through a
                     phone tree of interchanges!
                   


rock
usa













using jv16 for around 20 years and no issues
i have been using jv16 for around 20 years, and regclean, its predecessor before then. in its primary function of cleaning up the registry, software remnants, and making windows work better i have had absolutely no issues.the hundreds of thousands of registry entries and files jv16 has identified as unnecessary and worthy of deletion have never been in error in my experience. i have nothing but praise for this product. 


rodd
australia











see more on trustpilot













                  we promise our software does not contain any spyware or malware and our product is backed by an unconditional 30 day
                  money back guarantee.
               

                  these are not only nice words next to a pretty picture on a website. this promise is also
                  backed by the legally binding terms within our privacy policy, terms of use and the license agreement of our software. 
               

                  we have been serving our customers and users for over 20 years, always trying our very best and never scamming anyone.
               




our pricing plans

            all pricing plans come with 30 day money back guarantee. if you are not perfectly happy with our product, get your money back, no questions asked!
         


subscription:
annual license

$19 / year
               



1 year of premium technical support



1 year of free updates & new features



licensed for 5 computers



buy now



one time payment:
lifetime license

$49




lifetime premium technical support



free updates & new features for life



licensed for 5 computers



buy now










our latest blog posts
our blog contains our latest benchmarks, windows pc tips and more:









disable copilot in word and other microsoft office 365 products
published: january 24, 2025
copilot, officially called microsoft 365 copilot, is a productivity tool powered by openai’s chatgpt large language model. it’s supposed to “provide real-time intelligence that enables users to complete tasks more efficiently, enhance their productivity & skills, and improve their overall work experience” according to its technical documentation. that being said, not everyone is embracing this […]
                                    read the full article:
                                

                                    disable copilot in word and other microsoft office 365 products                                 


 










ultimate guide to windows backup
published: november 5, 2024
one of the scariest horror stories for a computer user is learning that your important files are lost from your system and can’t be recovered. you certainly don’t want this to happen to you, so preventative measures are needed. this is why backing up your data is super important. with regular backups, you don’t need […]
                                    read the full article:
                                

                                    ultimate guide to windows backup                                 


 










system restore in windows 11
published: october 15, 2024
in this article, we’ll explain what system restore is and give you a step-by-step guide to perform system restore. if you’re not using windows 11, you can also check out our other blog articles on how to use system restore on windows 7, windows 8/8.1, and windows 10. what is system restore? system restore is […]
                                    read the full article:
                                

                                    system restore in windows 11                                 


 










back from the dead: software updater feature returns as versioncat.com
published: september 19, 2024
a few years ago in 2020, i added the software updater tool in jv16 powertools. it allowed you to see which installed programs were outdated and allowed you to start downloading the updated version. the tool was available for some time until i decided to scrape it. the reason? i thought the tool wasn’t good […]
                                    read the full article:
                                

                                    back from the dead: software updater feature returns as versioncat.com                                 


 










why is my pc running slow?
published: september 3, 2024
have you been wondering, “why is my pc running slow?” despite having a decent specs pc or even a high-end pc? or perhaps you noticed that your pc runs slower than usual when you’re doing a specific thing, like gaming for example? if that sounds like an issue you’re having, this article will show you […]
                                    read the full article:
                                

                                    why is my pc running slow?                                 


 



these are our latest blog posts. 
                            see more from our blog archives



 









try jv16 powertools and see for yourself!

seeing is believing. that’s why we strongly recommend you to try jv16 powertools to see it for yourself. we want to show exactly what the program can do for you to make your windows pc run smoother.
download jv16 powertools now. it comes with no bundled software and no adware. it’s free to try for 14 days and the trial version does not have any feature limitations or any other such restrictions. if it says it found an error from your system, you can fix it without being forced to pay.
that’s right, jv16 powertools is not free.
but it only costs $19 usd per year with a subscription that gives you all the updates and latest versions without any additional fees. and we also have a lifetime license for just $49 usd as a one time payment that gives you a perpetual license to use it forever, also including all new future product updates and upgrades for free.
unlike so many things these days, jv16 powertools is not free. when something is free, you are the product. free things usually get paid by advertising and spying on you. we don’t do that. instead, we want to offer you privacy and a high quality program for a very reasonable price.
you can also try the program for free for 14 days and if you buy it, we offer an unconditional 30 day money back guarantee.



                        download jv16 powertools
                        

















            jv16 powertools is a windows utility suite designed to fix windows
            errors, clean junk data and help you with common tasks such as bulk
            renaming files, finding duplicate files, etc
          

























recommended

key features
pricing
benchmarks



regcleaner



important

what’s new in version 8?
why jv16 powertools?
how to activate license
subscriptions
old versions



forum



blog






company

about us
testimonials
reviews
contact
support



roadmap



press





        copyright © 1998 - 2025 macecraft software.
        all rights reserved


terms
·
we respect your privacy
·
30 day money back guarantee






 








