







magical adventure balloon rides - hot air balloon rides in temecula, san diego and palm desert













































































































        home
      

        balloon rides
      

              tether rides
            

rental properties


              advertising & groups
            

        press & media
      

        gift cards
      

        join our crew
      



        reservations
      

        contact • 866-enjoy-us
      





back


              3 bedroom vacation rental
            

              en las nubes vacation rental
            

              recreation area
            

              wedding & event space
            

              beach & bay playhouse
            



































































































homeballoon ridestether rides
rental properties

3 bedroom vacation rental
en las nubes vacation rental
recreation area
wedding & event space
beach & bay playhouse

advertising & groupspress & mediagift cardsjoin our crew







hot air balloon rides in temecula, san diego and palm desert




reservationscontact • 866-enjoy-us









scroll






 












 

hot air ballooning is one of the most magical experiences you can give to or share with someone special. few activities have the perfect combination of romance and adventure. safe for all ages. hot air balloons are large, colorful and beautiful - no wonder they are the most photographed aircraft ever. all other forms of aviation are designed to go from point a to point b as a means of transportation. the only thing you can do in a hot air balloon is have fun. we offer a variety of balloon tour packages to suit every need, whether celebrating a special occasion or “just because.”




















































come join us for a romantic and magical hot air balloon ride over southern california

  













temecula, californiacentrally located in the wine capital of southern california




    view temecula services
  




    temecula reservations
  

  

travelers’ choice awards winnermagical adventure balloon rides named “among the top 10% of things to do worldwide” by tripadvisor

 











 

magical adventure balloon rides featured by forbes!click here for the article.











 




 

i can say that magical adventure balloon rides is absolutely awesome!- lam m. (los angeles, ca)

 









aboutwe fly in temecula, california near los angeles, san diego and palm springs. magical adventure balloon rides & aerial tours offers several types of balloon ride packages, helicopter tours - even a place to stay and play in temecula wine country.our small family owned business is committed to the highest standards of safety, professionalism and customer service. we care deeply about your tour experience. we hire local employees. we answer our own phones. we fly our own balloons. you are not buying through a third party when you book with us. cut out the middleman and save!when flying with us you get the newest equipment, best amenities, a variety of upgrade options and more skillful experienced pilots - resulting in an adventure to be cherished forever. you deserve our personal 5 star service with perfect safety record. many of our balloon baskets have doors for a walk on-walk off experience. no climbing over a 4 ½ foot wall required.we fly daily all year round over the planted rolling hills and resort estates of temecula wine country. views include vineyards, wineries, luxury homes, lots of wildlife, local lakes, local mountains, and distant ocean views. for your convenience, we offer a later meeting time than our competitors but we are all in the air at the same time.

 
















































 






 

"fun, safe, thrilling, awesome!"-chris g. (rancho palos verdes, ca)

 









balloon ride packagesall packages include the balloon ride itself (45 minutes to 1 hour), a champagne, juice or mimosa toast, a selection of individually wrapped breakfast items, free digital souvenir pictures, complimentary celebratory banners, a commemorative flight certificate and an educational and entertaining narrated tour by our pilots. our temecula package includes discounts to the hug a duck petting zoo and sugar plum chocolate shoppe, 2 for 1 wine tasting vouchers to six local wineries as well as a 15% discount to the elegant south coast winery vineyard rose restaurant. this will save you well over $150 during your visit to temecula wine country.best price guaranteewe don’t want money to stand in the way of a good time with us! we offer a best price guarantee. if you find a lower price for one of our flight zones and we can verify availability with the vendor, we will price match the competitor price less 5%. we have our own secret shopper program to ensure we have the best price - so you won’t have to shop around.a special occasion you will never forgetlet magical adventure balloon rides host your special occasion: birthday, anniversary, graduation, family reunion, ash scattering, bachelorette party, quinceanera, bar mitzvah, sweet 16, mother's day, father's day, marriage proposal, engagement, wedding and more. we will customize our experience to your celebration’s special needs. plan for an adventure or give a gift that will be remembered for a lifetime! our prepaid flight vouchers make excellent gifts and do not expire.




    book now!
  



the world’s first carbon negative hot air balloon ride companymagical adventure balloon rides is happy to announce our goal to be the first carbon negative hot air balloon ride company. hot air balloons use propane as the heat source. propane is a fossil fuel composed of both natural gas and petroleum. this creates a carbon footprint impacting our environment with each balloon flight. hot air balloon equipment also has a limited lifespan. the materials can be broken down and recycled at significant effort and cost. we care about climate change and want to make hot air ballooning a sustainable and romantic adventure for future generations. our customers may now offset their balloon flight carbon footprint through our partnership with trees for the future, trees.orgby adding a $15 donation at checkout, trees for the future will plant over 50 trees and food forests in degraded agricultural lands.the trees planted will neutralize the co2 produced from a 4 person balloon ride within a year. the plantings will continue to produce oxygen, providing dividends long past mitigating the balloon ride, reducing global warming. a portion of each donation will go toward the complete recycling of balloon materials after the hot air balloon is retired.
















 

"magical, just magical!"-simon kane (london, uk)

 







 

reserve your balloon or aerial adventure!

  











book your temecula, ca flight now



book now






 






home



home - join us



home - banner2



home - about



home - banner 2



home - info



home - banner 3



home - reserve now














temeculareservationscontact





























































 

“this is my second time on a hot air ballon ride and this experience far surpassed my past one. the level of care, attention; storytelling, and views were excellent. 10/10!” - p. mckenna (san francisco, ca)

 



join our email newsletter!




email address






sign up






thank you for joining the magical adventure newsletter!





contact • 866-enjoy-us ( 866-365-6987 )member of balloon federation of america | privacy policy

 ©  all rights reserved
 























 
















