


sleeping pills could shorten your life: chapter 1 of the dark side of sleeping pills, an ebook by daniel f. kripke, m.d.










 
mortality and cancer risks, which drugs to avoid & better alternatives
by daniel f. kripke, m.d. new april 15, 2019 - fda hypnotics policy reduces global warming:                         a satirical look at the bright side
read this ebook: chapter by chapter | single page | printable pdf






sleeping pills could shorten your life
warning: sleeping pills are hazardous to your health and could cause death from cancer, 
infections, overdoses, respiratory failure, other illnesses or accidents.
for over 40 years, as a doctor and medical researcher, i have worked to assess the risks of sleeping pills. i have learned that sleeping pills are associated with significantly increased mortality. sleeping pills kill people.
this means that people who take sleeping pills die sooner than people who do not use 
sleeping pills. on average, those taking sleeping pills die several years early. 
chapter 1 describes how sleeping pills cause cancer, illnesses, and deaths. chapter 2 describes how sleeping pills fail to improve sleep substantially, and on average make function worse the next day.
i first became interested when i saw the work of dr. e. cuyler hammond at the american cancer society. in 1975, i went to visit 
the american cancer society, starting a collaboration which lasted for many years. 
american cancer society data from over one million people showed that use of sleeping 
pills was associated with more deaths within six years, but insomnia by itself was 
not associated with any death risk. 
as of july, 2018, there were at least 42 published studies of the mortality risks of sleeping pills. of the 42 studies 
which reported either greater or lesser mortality associated with sleeping pills, 
40 studies showed that people taking sleeping pills died sooner. (the last two studies were a mix of evidence that sleeping pills caused deaths in some ways and other evidence they did not.) for more medical details about mortality and other risks of sleeping pills, follow the link to a comprehensive review [1], and be sure to check updates.
here is an example of these studies. from electronic medical records,[2] we studied over 10,000 patients who took sleeping pills and over 20,000 matched patients who did not take sleeping pills. the patients 
who took sleeping pills died 4.6 times as often during follow-ups averaging 2.5 
years. patients who took higher doses (averaging over 132 pills per year) died 
5.3 times as often. even those patients who took fewer than 18 pills per year 
had 3.6 times the deaths of patients who took no hypnotics. other newer and even larger studies have more recently reported similar results.
 
the illustrations above show the hazard ratios for mortality (above) and cancer incidence 
(below) for the control non-users of hypnotics (doses/year = none, in green) and 
for three groups of users of hypnotics with increasing numbers of doses/year prescribed. 
hazard ratios above 1.0 are estimates of how many times the mortality rates or cancer 
incidence of sleeping-pill users exceeded that of controls. the heavy black bars show 
the statistical 95% confidence limits of the hazard estimates, that is, statistically 
the hazard ratio of the sample is 95% likely to be within the bars above and below 
the vertical black lines. however, unknown biases in the samples could produce 
true risks outside the confidence limits.
 
patients who took sleeping pills died 4.6 times more often (on average) than patients who 
avoided sleeping pills.
notice that people who took 18 pills a year or less (most no more than three pills) had substantially higher mortality. our study and several more recent studies indicated that even one or two prescriptions might be lethal.  the risk was especially high for people taking opioid pain pills, because sleeping pills increase the narcotic overdose risk. sleeping pills are especially dangerous combined with narcotics, alcohol or both.it seems quite likely that the sleeping pills 
were causing early death for many of the patients. in addition, those who averaged 
two to three sleeping pills per week or more were 35% more likely 
to develop a new cancer.
we made great efforts to 
match the patients taking sleeping pills with those not taking sleeping pills 
for age, sex, smoking history, and various measures of poor health, so it seemed 
to be a fair comparison. nevertheless, it is true that finding that sleeping pill 
use is associated with early death does not by itself prove that the sleeping pills are 
causing those deaths. theoretically, there could be confounding factors or biases 
in the selection of patients which caused those deaths without involving sleeping 
pills. we can only say that we found almost no evidence of such biases. although 
there was certainly at least a small amount of confounding, it seemed to us unlikely 
that biases could entirely explain all of those excess deaths and cancers.
if sleeping pills cause even a small portion of the excess deaths and cancers associated with their use, they are too dangerous to use.
some readers will remember when the cigarette 
companies claimed that the fact that cigarette smoking is associated with cancer 
and early death did not prove that cigarettes cause cancer. cigarette manufacturers 
have by now given up on that argument. the risks are quite similar with sleeping 
pills. for absolute proof, we would need large randomized controlled trials of 
cigarettes or sleeping pills, but nobody is going to do such trials that now would be hard to make ethical. if the cigarette 
or sleeping pill companies believed that such trials would prove that their products were safe, they would 
have done such controlled trials many years ago.
the specific sleeping pills we studied were 
zolpidem (e.g., ambien), temazepam (e.g., restoril), eszopiclone (e.g., lunesta), 
zaleplon (e.g., sonata), other benzodiazepines such as triazolam (e.g., halcion) 
and flurazepam (e.g., dalmane), barbiturates, and sedative antihistamines such 
as diphenhydramine (e.g., benadryl). most of the patients in this study were taking 
zolpidem or temazepam. we had less data about the other drugs. however, 
all of the sleeping pills studied were significantly associated with excess 
mortality. because of the way the study was done and its limited size, we 
could not say that one sleeping pill was safer than another.
sleeping 
pills associated with significant mortality risk  
 zolpidem
 temazepam
 eszopiclonezaleplontriazolamflurazepamestazolamquazepambarbiturates 
(esp. phenobarbital)
antihistamines, mainly diphenhydramine
these 
results do not necessarily apply to any sleeping pill which was not included in 
our study, except perhaps zopiclone (because zopiclone is half eszopiclone). zopiclone 
is a sleeping pill popular outside the united states. specifically, the risk data did not cover doxepin, ramelteon, melatonin, suvorexant, or trazodone, though some of those might also be unsafe.[3]
1.a. 
new sleeping pills cause cancer in animalswere the epidemiologic 
studies just statistical accidents, or do sleeping pills really cause cancer? 
several years ago, the food and drug administration (fda) started making available 
on the internet some of their documents about the review of those newer sleeping 
pills approved for marketing in the united states since 1998. you can find these 
documents yourself through the us food & drug administration’s online service, 
drugs@fda.[4]
to my great surprise, i learned that rats 
and mice given high doses of zaleplon (sonata), eszopiclone (lunesta) as part 
of zopiclone, and ramelteon (rozerem) developed cancer. the information available 
was a little vague to be certain, but it seems that these new sleeping pills all 
caused cancer in animals. fda reviewers thought some of the results were worrisome. one of the reasons i am 
not sure i understand these results is that i cannot find that the companies have 
ever published the study details in the medical literature. it is conceivable that the 
manufacturers do not want these cancer experiments understood. some of the drugs also 
broke chromosomes, which is a well-known specific chemical mechanism by which 
drugs cause cancer. the fda has large animal testing facilities but has not seemed interested in checking if sleeping pills cause cancer.
there was also some older and confusing information 
about zolpidem (ambien). although one of the old records[5] seemed to say that animals given zolpidem developed three kinds of cancer, and fda reviewers were concerned about the risks, 
the new labeling approved[6] for the extended release version of zolpidem (ambien 
cr) says no evidence of carcinogenic potential was observed in either mice or 
rats. i would like to know how the company figured they do not owe people a warning. some fda scientists also wondered, according to internal documents i found.
1.b. evidence that sleeping pills cause cancer in people
in 2005 and 2006, several new sleeping pills were introduced into the u.s. market. 
the industry was hoping to make several billion dollars a year. because the companies wanted to market sleeping pills for long-term consumption, they did larger studies of long-term 
use than ever had been done before. summaries of the data from these randomizing 
controlled trials can be found at the fda internet site[7] for zaleplon (sonata), eszopiclone (lunesta), 
and ramelteon (rozerem). it turned out that because zaleplon was compared to zolpidem 
as well as to placebo, there was a bit of zolpidem data available also.
i admit that it is hard to understand the details of these controlled trials 
from the data which fda has made available, but fortunately, i persuaded the fda 
to review their own files. according to the fda, there were nine new skin cancers and 
four other cancers among study participants randomized to the sleeping pills, 
but zero new cancers among those who only received placebo. the best estimate would 
be that the cancer rate for participants randomized to sleeping pills was several 
times that of the luckier volunteers who received placebo. because these data 
come from randomizing comparisons, they appear to be proof that new sleeping pills (as a group) cause cancer. 
however, the controlled trial data were not sufficient to prove that any specific sleeping pill 
or brand causes cancer.[8] let’s 
put together the epidemiologic data, the animal data, and the data from combining 
these controlled trials for four drugs. the evidence is that a patient who takes 
any of the sleeping pills listed in the box above is increasing 
his or her risk of getting cancer. i feel that my patients should be warned about 
this risk.
we do not have clear evidence that one sleeping pill has more 
cancer risk than another. in our epidemiologic study, we only demonstrated statistically 
significant cancer risks specifically for zolpidem and temazepam, the most popular drugs in 
that study, but none of the other drugs for which we had less data were clearly any better 
or worse. for patients prescribed over 2-3 sleeping pills per week, there was 
a 35% increased risk of developing cancer within an average of 2.5 years.
a new study from taiwan has appeared, based on a representative national health insurance data base.[9] these authors studied zolpidem, which was the most popular hypnotic in taiwan and the united states. with over eight years of follow-up, the taiwan authors found a considerably larger cancer hazard associated with zolpidem than our study found with shorter follow-up. there have been additional studies with similar results. [10]
1.c. more about lethal risks of sleeping pills
as a young medical student in my first year of training, one of the first things i learned in our student 
laboratory was that the humane way to “put an animal to sleep” was 
to administer a fatal dose of a barbiturate such as pentobarbital. a bit later, i learned that 
pentobarbital was being prescribed almost automatically as a sleeping pill for 
patients in the hospital. pentobarbital and related drugs are currently used 
to execute the death penalty on prisoners. any medical student knows that these drugs can kill.
doctors have a wonderfully complete understanding of how sleeping pills such as pentobarbital 
kill animals. these drugs bind with protein molecules called gaba receptors on 
the surface of nerve cells. the same protein receptor molecules bind at the same 
time with a neurotransmitter chemical called gaba, which gives them their name. 
barbiturates and other sleeping pills accentuate the action of gaba, which is 
to cause the receptor molecule to allow chloride ions to enter the nerve cells. 
since the chloride ions are negatively charged, they make the inside the nerve 
cell more negatively polarized, which in turn, makes the nerve cells less likely 
to fire (to generate nerve activity). when the nerve cells which stimulate the 
muscles of breathing are overly inhibited from firing by sleeping pills, the animal stops breathing. when breathing stops, the animal dies 
within a few minutes from lack of oxygen. this same mechanism explains how sleeping pills kill people who take an overdose. mixture with other drugs, particularly opioids, alcohol and other sedatives, greatly magnifies the risks, as do various medical conditions, possibly stopping breathing with a dose not intended to be lethal.
in the 1970’s, a new group of sleeping pills 
became popular, molecules which chemically are named benzodiazepines. the first 
sold as tranquilizers were chlordiazepoxide (librium) and diazepam (valium). soon, 
the benzodiazepine flurazepam (dalmane) was marketed as a sleeping pill, and flurazepam 
soon dominated the market. the main advantage of benzodiazepines is that they 
initially seemed less likely to produce acute overdose deaths than barbiturates.[11]
a third generation of new sleeping pills have been benzodiazepine agonists, which means that the chemical molecules may 
not have the benzodiazepine structure of drugs like valium, but they act at the same brain receptors. epidemiologic data have not confirmed that benzodiazepines are safer than barbiturates, perhaps because of how they are combined with other drugs and alcohol.
there is an age-old belief that sleeping pills might help depressed patients. rather, sleeping 
pill manufacturers’ controlled trials proved that sleeping pills can cause depression.[12] in fact, the sleeping pills examined in one study seemed to double the rate of new depressions. use of sleeping pills is very strongly associated with suicide from all causes.
suicide, accidental overdose 
and cancer are probably not the most common ways in which sleeping pills kill, 
but the other ways are more poorly understood and less well documented. here are 
some of the other possible mechanisms.all approved sleeping pills can cause 
“hangover,” that is, they not only reduce the action potentials of our brain cells 
during sleep, but they can also reduce brain cell activity during the day.[13] this can make us sleepy, less alert, confused, and weak during the day. we will discuss psychological consequences of this hangover in the next chapter, but here the issue is impairments of survival. falls are much more common among elderly people who are taking hypnotics.[14] of patients given lunesta, 10% had accidents as compared to 6% given placebo in one study, and falls were specifically more common 
with lunesta.[15] because several studies show that people who are 
responsible for automobile accidents are unusually likely to have sleeping pills 
in their blood[16], it is thought that hangover may often cause automobile 
accidents, as well as other fatal accidents. the publicity about ambien 
zombies driving like sleep walkers provides some extremely vivid examples.[17]
in the last 20 years, physicians have become concerned about sleep apnea, a condition 
where there are pauses of breathing during sleep. physicians suspect that sleep 
apnea can cause deaths during sleep. not all studies agree, but several 
studies have found that when a person with sleep apnea takes sleeping pills, there 
are more pauses in breathing and the pauses last longer. i was surprised to learn in the fda data how well-documented it is that zolpidem 
makes sleep apnea worse. because sleeping pills risk making apnea worse, many 
experts recommend that people with apnea should not be given sleeping pills. the 
problem is that almost everybody above age 40 has some sleep apnea, and the majority 
of people over 65 would meet commonly-used criteria for a diagnosis of sleep apnea.[18] therefore, a large proportion of people taking sleeping pills are making their apnea worse. over a period of many years, 
anything which makes sleep apnea worse would be expected to cause high blood pressure, 
and therefore, to increase the risk of heart attacks, heart failure, and strokes.
a final concern regarding mortality is how people care for themselves. because 
sleeping pills, like tranquilizers, reduce worry about possible threats and risks 
in our lives, it is possible that the hangover effects of sleeping pills would 
reduce people’s attentiveness in taking care of themselves.
chapter 2: other risks of sleeping pills -->

endnotes for chapter 1
1.  kripke df: hypnotic drug risks of mortality, infection, depression, and cancer: but lack of benefit [version 3]. f1000res. 2018, 5:918. [return]
2.  kripke df, langer rd, kline le. hypnotics’ association with mortality 
or cancer: a matched cohort study. bmj open. 2012;2:e000850. [return]
3.  kripke, df is suvorexant a better choice than alternative hypnotics? f1000res. 4, 456. 2015.. [return]
4.  administered by the u.s. food & drug administration, center for drug evaluation and research, drugs@fda “allows you to search for official information about fda approved brand name and generic drugs and therapeutic 
biological products.” www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cder/drugsatfda/. [return]
5.  us food & drug administration new drug application (nda) 19-908 
(ambien) memos and exclusivity summary, previously downloaded at fda website.[return]
6.  sanofi-aventis u.s. llc, prescribing information, ambien cr (zolpidem 
tartrate extended-release) tablets - civ, october 2010, publication no. acr-wfplr-wplr-oct10, www.accessdata.fda.gov/drugsatfda_docs/label/2010/021774s010lbl.pdf . [return]
7.  administered by the u.s. food & drug administration, center for drug evaluation and research, drugs@fda “allows you to search for official information about fda approved brand name and generic drugs and therapeutic 
biological products.” www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cder/drugsatfda/. [return]
8.  kripke, df.  possibility that certain hypnotics might cause 
cancer in skin.  j. sleep res. (2008) 17, 245-250. [return]
9.  kao, c. h., sun, l. m., liang, j. a., chang, s. n., sung, f. c., and muo, c. h. relationship of zolpidem and cancer risk: a taiwanese population-based cohort study. mayo clinic proceedings 87(5), 430-436. 2012. [return]
10.  kripke df: hypnotic drug risks of mortality, infection, depression, and cancer: but lack of benefit [version 3]. f1000res. 2018, 5:918. [return]
11.  institute of medicine. sleeping pills, insomnia, and medical practice. national academy of sciences, washington,
d.c., 1979. [return]
12.  kripke, d. f., greater incidence of depression with hypnotic use than with placebo, bmc psychiatry  7:42. 2007. [return]
13.  woods, jh et al. benzodiazepines: use, abuse, and consequences. pharmacological reviews. 1992;44:151-347. pdf available at   researchgate. [return]
14. tinetti, me et al. risk factors for falls among
elderly persons living in the community. n.engl.j.med.
1988;319(26):1701-1707. [return]
15. fda medical review of lunesta, page 2, center for drug evaluation 
and research approval package for application no. 21-476, available as a pdf document 
at the fda website, www.accessdata.fda.gov/drugsatfda_docs/nda/2004/021476_lunesta_medr.pdf. [return]
16.  hemmelgarn, b et al. benzodiazepine use and the risk of motor vehicle crash in the elderly. jama.
1997;278:27-31.; betts, ta et al. effect of two hypnotic drugs on actual driving performance next morning. br.med.j. 1982;25
sept:285-852. [return]
17.  liddicoat, laura j. and harding, patrick. ambien®: drives like 
a dream? case studies of zolpidem-impaired drivers in wisconsin, presentation 
to the 58th annual meeting of the american academy of forensic sciences, washington 
state convention and trade center, seattle, washington, february 23, 2006. powerpoint 
slides from the presentation are available at the new york times website 
at www.nytimes.com/packages/other/business/ambien.2-23-061.ppt. [return]
18.  kripke, df et al. prevalence of sleep disordered
breathing in ages 40-64 years: a population-based survey. sleep. 1997;20:65-76.; ancoli-israel, s et al. sleep
disordered breathing in community-dwelling elderly. sleep. 1991;14(6):486-495. [return]
chapter 2: other risks of sleeping pills -->




table of contents
chapter 1sleeping pills could shorten your life
chapter 2other risks of sleeping pills
chapter 3good sleep habits and attitudes
chapter 4the benefits of hypnotics
chapter 5recommendations of experts
chapter 6getting off sleeping pills
chapter 7how much are sleeping pills used in the united states?
chapter 8why haven’t you heard this opinion of sleeping pills from every expert?
chapter 9fda hypnotics policy reduces global warming: a satirical look at the bright side
chapter 10needs for hypnotics research
chapter 11about this ebook
chapter 12about dr. kripke





the dark side of sleeping pills, in all its formats, including this ebook, copyright â©1997-2019 by daniel f. kripke, m.d. all rights reserved. 



