

	
	home - fee simple software






































turn on more accessible mode

skip to main content





turn off more accessible mode

fee simple software









sign in

|








 
				















			 fee simple software
		   






 this site 
























home



winclose basic



winclose



winclose commercial





  

































fee simple software




















quick launch

view all site content








downloads







new hud wiki







lists







news























































 trid (uniform closing disclosure) is available



welcome to fee simple software's web site.  fee simple software (fss) is the creator of the popular real estate closing software named winclose, winclose commercial and winclose basic. fss also sells foreclosure systems. 
yes we have the latest trid (uniform closing disclosure ucd) forms in winclose.

 







 company profile




roger ellis, the founder and chief architect of winclose and the other fss products has over 24 years experience in designing and installing real estate related software products for the legal community.  roger is an attorney and practiced real estate law before devoting his full attention to fee simple software. 
like roger ellis, al giglio is an attorney and is the northeastern regional specialist for fss.  al has over 24 years experience in installing closings and foreclosure systems as well.  al's expertise with the requirements and complications involved with the real estate practice in new york, new jersey, pennsylvania and other northeastern states is unparalleled.  




			    
		   
 







 contact information





telephone
205-823-7439
fax
800-416-4230 
postal address
605 o'neal drivebirmingham, al 35226
electronic mail
general information: sales@feesimple.netwebmaster: roger@feesimple.net  








 news




there are currently no active announcements.
                        





			    
		   
 






























