



una voce america  

















una voce america




home
about una voce
chapters
contact us
resources
summorum pontificum
support uva
uva archive




categories

announcements (65)

bishop (3)

chapters (2)

ecclesiastical documents (4)

interview (1)

news (52)

pontifical mass (4)

sacred music (6)

uncategorized (37)

video (4)

vocations (2)


archives

february 2021
january 2021
december 2020
november 2020
october 2020
september 2020
august 2020
july 2020
june 2020
february 2020
august 2019
april 2019
march 2019
september 2017
july 2017
april 2017
april 2016
september 2015
august 2015
may 2015
december 2014
november 2014
june 2014
april 2014
december 2013
november 2013
october 2013
september 2013
august 2013
may 2013
april 2013
february 2013
january 2013
december 2012
november 2012
october 2012
september 2012
august 2012
april 2012
january 2012
october 2011
september 2011
august 2011
may 2011
april 2011
february 2011
november 2010
october 2010
september 2010
august 2010
july 2010
may 2010
march 2010
february 2010
december 2009
november 2009
october 2009
september 2009
august 2009
july 2009
june 2009
may 2009
april 2009
march 2009
february 2009

recent posts


please help augusta latin mass with sacred vestments and articles for mass


new latin mass location in savannah, ga diocese


petition supporting tlm catholic families in in san bernardino


penn state latin mass group continues to attract students


new fssp parish: our lady of sorrows, northwest arkansas






please help augusta latin mass with sacred vestments and articles for mass
february 20th, 2021

details here with an opportunity to contribute to this new latin mass community:
 
http://www.augustalatinmass.org/

tags: catholic extraordinary form, latin mass, tridentine massposted in announcements, news |   comments off on please help augusta latin mass with sacred vestments and articles for mass


new latin mass location in savannah, ga diocese
february 16th, 2021


 
please thank bishop bishop stephen parkes for his pastoral care and consideration in this matter:
read details here

tags: catholic extraordinary form, latin mass, traditional latin mass, tridentine mass, una voce chaptersposted in announcements, bishop, news |   comments off on new latin mass location in savannah, ga diocese


petition supporting tlm catholic families in in san bernardino
february 16th, 2021

an opportunity to assist catholic families in need of support:
https://www.change.org/p/catholics-interested-in-the-latin-mass-petition-for-a-traditional-latin-mass-in-the-diocese-of-san-bernardino

tags: catholic extraordinary form, latin mass, traditional latin mass, tridentine massposted in announcements, news |   comments off on petition supporting tlm catholic families in in san bernardino


penn state latin mass group continues to attract students
january 20th, 2021


“really in a time where faith isn’t being focused on in school, the latin mass society has proven to be a strong vehicle for bringing together catholics and different people across campus,” birch said.
birch is the group’s vice president and majors in statistics.
“i know in my major i cannot connect with too many people, but through this i’ve been able to connect and grow with people in our shared faith,” he said.
birch talked about how the sense of community in the group helps students grow in faith.
“ever since churches started reopening, since then i’ve gone to a latin mass every sunday,” birch said. “it’s really helped me incorporate prayer into my daily life, including saying the rosary daily and undertaking acts of penance.”
read more

tags: catholic extraordinary form, latin mass, traditional latin mass, tridentine massposted in news |   comments off on penn state latin mass group continues to attract students


new fssp parish: our lady of sorrows, northwest arkansas
december 19th, 2020

congratulations to una voce northwest arkansas and all the members of the parish for this development.
story in arkansas catholic here
please remember prayers for bishop anthony taylor as he is currently recovering from covid – with thanks to god for his pastoral care to the faithful.
“i am most humbled by the fruits of your labor and dedicate the labors of my priesthood,” said father passo, as he thanked the congregants, other priests present and bishop anthony b. taylor. “how fitting in dedicating the parish to our lady of sorrows, as our lady will teach us how to suffer and how to love her son. we start a new family as a parish, a new spiritual family and a community trying to love god, to go to heaven and to be sanctified.”
“we were drawn to the reverent community, the tradition and the large families we met here,” said nowak, mother of 10.
“what drew us to the mass is that it is holy,” mike fakult said. “the latin mass sanctifies us as parishioners and a community, but it also sanctifies the whole area for the parish to be established.”
 

tags: catholic extraordinary form, latin mass, tridentine mass, una voce america, una voce chaptersposted in announcements, bishop, news |   comments off on new fssp parish: our lady of sorrows, northwest arkansas


bishop of savannah h.e. stephen parkes in choro for latin mass
november 9th, 2020

bishop of savannah h.e. stephen parkes will attend the latin mass in his cathedral on sunday november 15th 2020 at 1:00 pm.
more details at the una voce georgia site:
https://unavoceofga.blogspot.com/
 


tags: catholic extraordinary form, latin mass, tridentine mass, una voce americaposted in chapters, news |   comments off on bishop of savannah h.e. stephen parkes in choro for latin mass


una voce quad cities brings our lady’s immaculate heart to the city
october 24th, 2020


 
davenport — to offer the loving presence of jesus’ mother amid the challenges of 2020, una voce quad cities has taken out a billboard of the immaculate heart of mary for the next six months. the billboard is located just north of the intersection of brady and locust streets.
read more
 
 
 

tags: una voce, una voce america, una voce chaptersposted in chapters, news |   comments off on una voce quad cities brings our lady’s immaculate heart to the city


conservative baptist, hillsdale college, hosts first ever traditional latin mass
october 1st, 2020

founded in 1844 by abolitionists known as free will baptists, hillsdale college has a liberal arts curriculum that is based on classical western heritage.  as a school founded in protestant christian theology, it might seem an unlikely spot for the offering of the traditional latin mass.  however, hillsdale did, indeed host the college’s first ever catholic latin mass ?in their “very anglican-looking chapel” on sept. 24, 2020.
 

priest and 2010 hillsdale graduate fr. nathanael anderson celebrated the first low latin mass in christ chapel.
“in a way it’s in conformity with what hillsdale represents,” he said. “hillsdale strongly believes in recovering and living our heritage.”
fr. anderson approached the catholic society about coming to hillsdale and since this semester’s theme is on liturgy, it worked well to have him say a low mass.
“the latin mass is part of our tradition. it’s something that as a catholic you can’t hate because it’s part of our tradition,” president of catholic society karl weisenburger said. “it’s also important to know the novus ordo in context of the latin mass and what it used to be.”
anderson grew up as an evangelical protestant. two years after he had graduated from hillsdale he converted to catholicism, and it wasn’t long until he felt called to the priesthood.
“one day in confession, [the priest] brought up being a priest to me,” he said. “it hit me pretty hard. i had a desire to become a priest, but i wasn’t sure about it. none of my family was catholic. it was hard not having a catholic family or upbringing.”
anderson said it wasn’t until his parents converted on easter in 2014 that he had the courage to enter the seminary. once there, he decided to teach himself how to say the latin mass.
“when i converted, i realized that probably no one in my family had been catholic since 16th century sweden, and i had a desire to be connected with that tradition,” he said. “as a catholic you should want to preserve what is old. this is a sacred heritage; we can’t forget about it.”
“the primary draw for most people is a sense of the sacred,” anderson said. “what’s happening here is set apart from what happens in my ordinary life. that kind of jarring difference, after you get over the barrier,  can become something very enticing.”
senior morgan morrison attends a latin mass back at home. the first mass he ever attended was a low mass.
“my first encounter with catholicism was a latin low mass during high school. it was dark, silent, and completely breathtaking. there was no mistaking it for some other christian denomination. this was catholic,” morrison said.
morrison said he is happy that students are seeing the old liturgy.
“i’m really happy that hillsdale had the chance to experience the latin mass, too,” he said. “it requires a different type of participation from the laity than the novus ordo. following along with the prayers is hard work. you have to concentrate on your missal and the priest. but the result is well worth the effort. you can enter into the mystery of christ’s sacrifice more fully without distractions.”
unless weather poses a significant barrier, whalen has been driving to jackson to attend a latin mass for the 25 years he’s been at hillsdale. he started going back in his undergraduate days.
“i certainly didn’t know much about the old rite, but what drew me to it was a kind of instinctive recognition of the perfect way the form of the mass embodied and represented the sacramental reality of the mass,” whalen said.
the sacramental reality is “the fact that christ is becoming completely present in an intimate union with us,” whalen said.
“that was perfectly represented by that form of mass. not because it’s pretty. it’s not an aesthetic attraction or appeal. it’s not historical. my attraction is not nostalgic. i didn’t grow up with the old mass,” he said. “my attraction is fundamentally sacramental and liturgical.”
whalen said the reverential posture and movements of the mass also appeal to him.
“what is distinctive about the old mass is that the personal individuality of the participants is profoundly suppressed. that strikes some people as really off-putting and alien,” he said. “some people are attracted to it?—?to the humanly impersonal nature of the ritual. so that the divine and human personal nature of christ’s presence is more clearly revealed. we’re getting in the way of the reality of the divine. it’s not about me.”
the latin mass is an image of the eternal, for its “fixed and permanent” nature is “meant to point to or symbolically embody the permanence and eternal nature of the church,” whalen said.
“for a while, going to the old mass was thought to be something questionable since to be attached to it was thought to be an implied rejection of the new mass. that sense has largely died out,” he said. “people now regard the old mass as they would view a beautiful old church. this is a place in which great things can happen. it’s a good in and of itself.”
whalen was careful to point out that even though he may call it the “old mass,” it is still something very vibrant.
“i think of it as alive, not a museum piece. it’s not a dead relic we bring out and dust off and say ‘how quaint,’” he said. “it doesn’t participate in time. in that way, too, it’s an image of the eternal.”
a high mass will take place in christ chapel on oct. 2 at 5 p.m., followed by a talk from whalen.

tags: catholic extraordinary form, latin mass, tridentine massposted in news |   comments off on conservative baptist, hillsdale college, hosts first ever traditional latin mass


remembering michael davies
september 26th, 2020

sixteen years ago, sept. 25, 2004, michael davies passed on to his eternal reward. he was the inspiration and organizer in the founding of una voce america, an inspirational author and leader on behalf of our traditional liturgy for the universal church. let his memory and writings continue to inspire…
please remember him in your prayers and may he requiescat in pace.
officers and leaders of una voce america

tags: una voceposted in announcements, news |   comments off on remembering michael davies


st. rose philippine duchesne elevated to personal parish, kansas city, ks
september 23rd, 2020

the elevation of st. rose philippine duchesne to the status of parish shows the confidence the archdiocese has in the community’s stability and future, said father fongemie. it is a recognition of the parish’s spiritual maturity and financial health.
currently, the parish has more than 800 members. it is served by three priestly society of st. peter priests. the society also serves the latin mass community of st. john-mary vianney in maple hill, on the western side of the archdiocese.
latin mass group given ‘personal parish’ status


tags: catholic extraordinary form, fssp, latin mass, tridentine massposted in announcements |   comments off on st. rose philippine duchesne elevated to personal parish, kansas city, ks


← older entries





search
  
links

coalition in support of ecclesia dei
international una voce federation
st. joseph foundation





		© 2025 una voce america | log in 





