



















microlearning platform | bite-sized coaching modules | athenaonline








































meet our coaches

solutions

virtual learning portal
content licensing
bite-sized competency series
women's leadership series
healthcare series
custom production
live virtual programs



resources

free microlearning

use cases

podcasts




contact us
login






free weekly bite-sized coaching lessons - sign up now! »


















previous



next







we'll help you upskill the busiest of employees with expert-driven coaching in the flow of work





expert-driven coaching
authors and business experts provide just-in-time, asynchronous employee coaching.
meet the experts





action focused
over 3,000 step-by-step coaching modules improve skills and performance.
implementation focused





customized for you
curated quickcoach modules improve performance, 5 minutes at a time.
the power of small







			studies show that employees spend only 1% of their workday on self-development. that's less than 5 minutes per day. how can you make an impact on their success, and that of the organization, with so little of their time and attention? myquickcoach's expert-driven microlearning approach has helped many organizations deliver impactful development outcomes, and we can help you too.
myquickcoach's esteemed experts have done the research, written the books, and implemented their ideas in hundreds of leading organizations worldwide. our library of over 3,000 microlearning videos on leadership, customer service, sales, career building, creativity, diversity, teambuilding and more will help you upskill or reskill employees without missing a beat. athena's expert-driven microlessons are short (usually under 5 minutes), and actionable.
customized solutions include a fully customized learning portal, curated scorm lesson libraries for your learning management system, and our economical bite-sized competency series. lessons come with bullets, closed caption and transcripts to support different learning modalities and can be viewed on mobile devices for employees on the go. an administrative dashboard lets you quickly see how lessons are being used to measure bottom-line impact.






don't take our word for it.the results speak for themselves.
athenaonline invented enterpise microlearning, and with almost 30 years of experience we have gotten very good at understanding learner needs to deliver actionable results. let us help you get greater impact from your employee development initiatives.




2,900+
expert-driven coaching modules




21
years of award-winning learning solutions




170+
coaches, authors, and thought leaders






85%
would recommend quickcoach to others




90%
of users found quickcoach useful




87%
of learners gave over4 out of 5 rating










				the response was overwhelmingly positive
				
			


read the full story









100% hosted
we deal with it issues while you focus on employee support.





3000+ modules
an evolving library meets your ever-changing workforce needs.





track + report
a dashboard lets you track usage and employee achievements.





gamification
employees receive certificates and badges based on accomplishments.





sharing
bite-sized coaching modules can be shared, individually or within a playlist.





scorm
standardized content that is compatible with your lms or lxp.



























products
overview
platform
content
custom production


resources
micro-coaching
experts and topics
lesson features
use cases



company
about us

privacy + security


support
contact
510-302-0538


site access
login


connect with us
linkedin
facebook



























 








