







waterperry gardens | garden centre | plant centre | tea shop





















































 



skip to content



 


search for:









view our opening timesmy account 




					£0.00					

checkout

 


search for:









menuhomecoursesplan a visitopening dates, times & priceshow to find uscontact usaccessibilityfamilies at waterperry gardenscoach party & group visitsthe waterperry card – year round entrymap of waterperryaboutthe history of waterperrywaterperry gardens clubwaterperry opera festival websitetheatreeducational donationsalso in the areanewsexplorethe gardenthe housethe churchthe museumthe orchardswildlife at waterperrythe nurserychildren’s play areavideos of waterperry gardensthe ice housethe amphitheatreonline shopplants  bulbs and seedsherbaceous perennialsornamental treesseedsflowerveggrass seedautumn planting bulbsspring planting bulbsfruit trees/soft fruitrosesshrubsclimbersgardening equipmentcompost & chemicalscompostweed & moss controllawncare & seedfertilisers & feedsdisease & pest controlgardening toolscutting & pruningdigging & plantingraking & weedingplant supportsgardening equipmentwateringgloves & kneelersshop for potspotsoutdoor livingwater featureslightsclocksmirrorsarchesobelisksbirdbaths & sculpturesshop gardening equipmentbird and pet carepet carebird & wildlife carepremium bird feedersshop for giftsgiftsgarden furniturebramblecrestfurniture sets & benchescovers & cushionsparasols & baseswooden arboursgalvanised furnitureother furnitureshop for vouchers & season ticketsvouchers & season ticketswaterperry coursescoursesshopgarden shopgarden furnituregift barnplant centregalleryfrom our orchardstea shopgallerywhat’s onvacancies
 





waterperry gardensweb@easitill.co.uk2024-10-21t12:14:39+01:00 
discover…waterperry gardensa day to rememberplan your visitshop onlineplan your visitall the information you need to plan a perfect day out at waterperry gardens. opening times, where to eat, group information, accessibility and more
find out moreeventswaterperry hosts a range of events throughout the year. see what’s on and join us..
find out morethe gardenswaterperry gardens are a magical place where you are surrounded by beautiful trees, shrubs and flowers, classical borders, modern planting, secret corners and long vistas.
find out moregroup tourshere at waterperry we welcome pre-booked coach parties and group visits. pre-booking allows us to limit the number of coaches visiting each day.
find out morewelcome towaterperry gardens

just a stone’s throw from oxford and within easy reach of london nestles waterperry gardens.


made famous by beatrix havergal who established her school of horticulture for ladies here from 1932 to 1971, it’s now home to 20 acres of beautifully landscaped ornamental gardens, a quality plant centre and garden shop, gallery and gift shop, museum and tea shop.
we are open all year round (except between christmas and new year’s day), 10am to 5.30pm between april 1st and october 31st and 10am to 5pm in the winter. there is a charge to look around the gardens, but access to the rest of the estate is free.
please note dogs are allowed on a short lead around the estate and garden centre but are not allowed within the paid entrance ornamental gardens. for more information about waterperry and prices for visiting the gardens, please click here.
sign up to our occasional email newsletters here
the current custodian of waterperry house and gardens is, the educational charity, the school of philosophy and economic science.
waterperry gardens is now proud to be featured on the silent space website.

more about usexplore…our sitethere’s so much to see and do hear at waterperry gardens whether it’s exploring the beautiful gardens, visitng the orchard, exploring the fantastic shops. take a look at our site map to discover what we have to offer.
explore maphow to find ushave a bite to eatno visit to waterperry gardens is complete without including the tea shop. click to find out more.
discover the amphitheatretake a look at our amazing amphitheatre. a fantastic space for opera, theatre and music with performances throughout the summer months.
eventswhat’s onfebruary snowdropssat,  1st february @10:00 am - mon,  31st march @5:00 pmgallery – spring greens exhibitionsat,  15th february @10:00 am - sun,  27th april @5:00 pmnational garden scheme march 2025tue,  11th march



 
 
plan a visitopening times & prices
how to find waterperry gardens
accessibility
group & coach tours
in the area
the waterperry card
about waterperryabout waterperry
contact waterperry
food & drink
news & events
shopping
the art in action gallery
website informationshop online
delivery info
returns and cancellation policy
terms & conditions
privacy policy
cookies
waterperry gardens, near wheatley, oxfordshire, england. ox33 1jz – telephone: 01844 339254 email: office@waterperrygardens.co.uk
waterperry gardens ltd is registered in england & wales with company number 2233285
copyright © waterperry gardens ltd 2016 – 2024 | website powered by easitill epos & e-commerce solutions for retailers
web design by blue door design













 
 
page load link





this website uses cookies and third party services.					

			ok		



































go to top




