






fancy colored diamond jewelry



































diamonds by lauren
diamonds by lauren
diamonds by lauren



toll free: 1-877-952-8736international: +1 212-382-3770


search








contact us


view cart(0)






new jewelry


loose diamonds





in house natural diamonds




in house lab


virtual natural


virtual lab





diamond rings
gemstones
semi mounts
earrings
men’s jewelry
necklaces
specials
sold











shop by color

yellow diamonds
pink diamonds
brown diamonds
orange
blue diamonds
green diamonds
colorless/white
other





find us
facebook
twitter
youtube
rss














prev next


 
dbl now features both earth mined, and now lab grown diamonds! lab grown diamonds have been selling for years- we waited till we could bring something special to the table. the newest, and very much improved fancy colored (and colorless) lab grown diamonds, hand picked by us are just that - hand picked. we have the perfect sources for exactly what we need. 

yes - colorless, but more exclusively we have exotic pinks and blues in fancy shapes and larger sizes. and our growers have enough pink and blue lab grown diamonds for us to pick and choose the very best ones. the blues are to die for! the shades of blue are rather consistent. pink is a more difficult color to achieve in the manufacturing process. we select only the best pinks - even then, most will have a bit of orange. you'll also find a few pure pink ones.....

in terms of the colorless stones- they're amazing. we carry only the finest makes, and we can supply any shape and size. it is great to have super well cut radiant cuts again since the original radiant cut went off the market. we can supply lab grown side diamonds, pavé stones, tennis bracelets, earrings - you name it.
if it's got our name on it the quality of the jewelry is something to be proud of - earth mined, or lab grown.
 



































































 

 







about 
diamond forum
education
shipping
returns, sizing & policies
reviews


















rssyoutube twitter facebook

 

 

copyright rock diamond corp 2025 - diamonds by lauren | 30 w 47th st new york, ny 10036 - all rights reserved.








