








platform services | ibm





























































home




consulting



platform services




                



  
    cloud platform engineering services






    


            

                    


  
  
      redefining excellence in cloud services and hybrid cloud operations  
  




    


                


























































      



  
    accelerate digital transformation with secure-scalable infrastructure and cloud operations

 






    


    


ibm cloud platform engineering services is your trusted partner for designing, implementing and operating complex hybrid cloud infrastructure. with a commitment to continuously optimizing costs and operational performance, we safeguard your cloud infrastructure and workloads keeping them secure and compliant.
we guide businesses through their cloud transformation journeys, integrating public, private and on-premises resources seamlessly. combined with a best in-class finops service, cost optimization and infrastructure transformation are embedded into our day 2 services. our solutions are tailored to enhance performance, leverage automation, and streamline operations across your hybrid cloud landscape, making hybrid cloud an enabler for innovation and business growth.




















        



  
    prism






    


    



ibm’s cloud management platform for automated planning, provisioning, and management of workloads on multi-cloud environments. prism integrates with cloud-native services, ibm and third-party tools to provide a single pane of glass and a unified services delivery model.
 







        



  
    ibm consulting aiops






    


    



ibm consulting alops enables organizations to run it value streams tightly tied to business outcomes for maximum impact. we apply generative ai, machine learning and data science to autonomously manage it by observing processes and solutions, detecting anomalies, predicting outages, analyzing their impact on business, and prescribing solutions to proactively avoid them.



learn about aiops
            
        



        



  
    application management services






    


    



ibm consulting helps clients realize higher levels of performance and roi from their enterprise as well as custom applications.  by combining proven capabilities in automation, data management, finops, ibm garage and our top-tier partnerships, we enable reduction in costs of ownership and maintenance costs for applications and data in hybrid and multi-cloud environments. 



learn about application management services
            
        








            
            

     
    why ibm consulting platform services




    


        





  
  
      30%
  




    







increase in it efficiency



see the ibv report
            
        





  
  
      25%
  




    







a forrester study commissioned by ibm found a 406% roi with benefits of usd 5.86 million over 3 years.



read the 2023 forrester tei study
            
        





  
  
      26%
  




    







26% of new vulnerabilities had known exploits.



learn how to avoid 5 common data security pitfalls 
            
        








            
            

     
    benefits




    


        


























































        



  
    accelerate






    


    



bring greater efficiency, resiliency and agility into your application platform environment by taking advantage of automation, devops, aiops and enhanced security to boost application performance, drive efficiencies and reduce costs.





























































        



  
    innovate






    


    



foster innovation by gaining observability into your applications, processes, data and application platform estate using ai and machine-learning-led insights to transform siloed, inefficient workflows for increased throughput and business performance.





























































        



  
    elevate






    


    



enable growth and elevate experience through talent transformation and continued infusion of new technologies and ways of working, laying the foundation for modernized it.











                    
                        
                            

     
    case studies




    


                        
                        
                    
                



















            delta air lines
        
upgraded flight experiences fueled by hybrid cloud.






















            ibm at the masters
        
ibm used generative ai to transform masters data into ai-powered narration and insight about every shot, from every player, on every hole.





















            finnair
        
learn how nordcloud, an ibm company, helped finnair's complete cloud migration in just 7 months.





















            johnson & johnson
        
in this re:invent session, discover how ibm consulting platform services natively integrate with aws services such as amazon cloudwatch, aws x-ray, amazon devops guru, amazon lex, and aws systems manager. see a demo of how ibm consulting platform services on aws helped j&j detect end-to-end user transactions across complex and hybrid application environments causing performance issues and then issue an automated remediation response.


















                co-create with ibm garage ™
            




















            


  
  
      ideate, build, measure, iterate and scale solutions seamlessly with our end-to-end framework of design thinking, agile and devops practices. achieve speed-to-value and adopt breakthrough technologies through the partnership created with your team and a diverse set of ibm experts in business, design and technology.
  




    


        



            learn more
            
            
        

















        
            
                
                     
                        


  
  
      ibm’s cost optimization strategies helped us right size our provisioning of cloud services resulting in seven figure savings.
  




    


                        
                
            
        
        
            — dennis self
        

             ceo of acoustic
        




















next steps








        



  
    subscribe






    


    



receive a monthly newsletter that delivers thoughtful insights on emerging trends.



register now
            
        




        



  
    explore career opportunities






    


    



join our team of dedicated, innovative people who are bringing positive change to work and the world.



see now
            
        























































