







15 easy-to-learn brutally effective "fight-enders"














testimonials



privacy policy



terms of use



contact











special forces expert says...
a welcome guest should he return to train with our troops!
sgt kenneth gentry, u.s. army 19th special forces group


spec op commander says...
magnificent instruction! a high level of professionalism for all of the officers.
major aurelio rodrigues, commander, military brigade of special operation, brazil.


israeli fight expert says...
very impressive! i would like to express our gratitude to sergeant jim wagner.
colonel gidy lind, academy coordinator, israeli police.


"real world survival"...
simple, effective, real-world survival tactics for managing combative subjects, edged weapons attacks, multiple assailants, ground encounters and other life threatening situations. valuable skills that officers can easily internalize and draw upon.
jason m. palmer


"invaluable!"
not only did sgt wagner provide us with invaluable training in aircraft interdiction but he also showed us defensive tactics if we are ever attacked with edged weapons.
2nd lt matthew a. lillis, usaf 21st security forces squadron


major general says...
this command is glad to communicate to you that sgt jim wagner has been appointed to be an honorary member of the brazilian air force.
major-general junito saito, fifth regional air command


royal mountie says...
thank you for sharing with us the counter-terrorism material obtained during all your training around the world.
constable chris st-jacques, royal canadian mounted police


"outstanding!"
i recently purchased your tapes "fighting mindset." i found them to be outstanding. i have a c.c.w. license and nra qualified in personal defense. i learned a lot from your tapes. keep up the good work. everyone that carries a handgun should see these tapes.
jerry molliver, everett, ma


navy seal quality...
even though i'm a civilian, i've gotten a taste of what the navy seals and the swat teams practice! if you are going to defend your life, you have to be willing to do what it takes. i've taken other courses... but i find that ben cooley's home defense techniques are applicable to the most extreme scenarios.
gary gelson, boise, id


"most impressive..."
i've been a police officer for 32 years and i have been through a lot of courses. none of these have compared with ben cooley's course in tactics and "the fighting mindset". preparing and maintaining the fighting mindset was the most impressive part of the course for me. learning those techniques could save your life in many life threatening situations.
steve abbott, visalia, ca


"fantastic..."
i brought ben cooley to north carolina to train our tactical unit. ben did a fantastic job at getting his point across. the way ben teaches is so simple, anybody can understand it. his skills as a tactical officer are excellent. his skills as a shooter are as good as i have ever seen. he is amazingly accurate and fast. everybody who participated in the class said it was the best they had ever been to. they all raved about it. i have trained our officers in ben cooley's techniques and they have had a profound effect on performance and attitude.
jody taylor, whiteville, north carolina


"nobody comes close "...
you'll learn to be in charge of the situation from the beginning. a lot of courses tell you that if you have certain tools, you'll win. ben comes around from the other side and shows you that your mindset makes all the difference. nobody comes close to teaching what ben cooley teaches!
>mike voigt, mesa, az


"groundbreaking"...
i've seen almost everything in police tactical training and not a lot of new things impress me -- until ben cooley came along. very effective in the situations encountered in the "real world". ben's ideas are groundbreaking, new, and unique, and he always gives the reasons behind them! by the second day of training, my tactical team was inspired and transformed, and returned to the job more confident and aware. i'd highly recommend ben cooley's course.
jerry lites, sebastopol, ca


"state of the art"...
the aggressive stance and shooting on the move are very state of the art. ben cooley truly knows how to communicate and inspire -- he can talk to novices and professionals alike. what i've learned from ben, especially the firearms retention drills, has stuck with me.
jim wall, parma, id


"works in the real world!"
ben cooley's teaching works in the real world! since taking ben's course, i have improved my handling of firearms on the range and on the job. i am a firearms instructor and i try to impart ben's techniques and philosophy to the officers i teach. i'd highly recommend ben cooley's course, "the fighting mindset", to civilians and professionals alike.
gary clark, ca


"the brutal realities"...
i found that ben cooley's course dealt with real life situations in a practical manner. his teaching deals with the brutal realities of confrontation scenarios and house searches. it has given our swat team valuable and proven techniques that work for real and save lives. i can't recommend this course enough.
daryl smith, fayetteville, nc


"easily understood"...
finally, a training course that lays it all out so it's easily understood. it took ben cooley for me to really understand the use of lethal force. this info will save a lot of innocent people from becoming victims. thanks to trs and thanks to ben cooley, sound advice in this violent age.
michael henry, green lane, pa


"turbo-charged... spectacular!"...
i absolutely love it! i've truly never seen anything like it! the package is spectacular and his skills are remarkable! will leave you in utter amazement. the turbo charged way of becoming a super functional street fighter yourself becomes totally obvious when you're exposed to this instruction. man, there's no doubt what you see here can save your life and loved ones after you've practiced the techniques demonstrated here. it s a jungle out there and with a company such a trs than can offer valuable self defense systems like this one, we should be quick to pick this up. there's no doubt i want this stuff on my side whenever i encounter a violent or hostile situation. thank you paul vunak for passing down bruce lee's gift to us... a great achievement to mankind!
paul fuentes, tucson, az


"lots of dirty tricks!"
the jim west instruction is great. well rounded and covers standing, ground fighting and lots of dirty tricks!
a. scott, boston, ma


"the answer i was looking for!"
watching your video's at home at my own pace, in my spare time was just the answer i was looking for. i am a correctional officer, at maximum security prison in southern california. there are nearly 1000 male inmates, most of them have life sentences and are never going home. they'd kill or hurt you if the chance was there. working long hours in such an environment does not leave me much time to train self defense .  since my purchase i have run into a few serious incidents, where i put to use what frank cucci had taught me and walked away unharmed. without the knowledge from your videos, the results could have been bad.
vernon bach


"on the street without fear!"
the package is excellent and dynamic for a person who enjoys knowing about seal tactics and defending the right to walk on the street without fear!
adolph morrow, fresno, ca


"fantastic methods"...
my buddy and i are big fans of mr. chris clugston. his methods are fantastic!
kevin crowley, tewksbury, ma


"i had an 'incident'..."
i had an incident with another fellow who was faster and much stronger than myself. he walked up and shoved me to the floor. in response, i used chris clugston's "pop-up" on this guy, and he went sailing for fifteen feet before he touched the ground. i'm not especially threatening, only 5'9 at 124lbs, i'm not fast, i don't have much strength, and i'm not violent. however, "comhrac bas" ended the incident in less than 3 seconds. i walked away unharmed, while my opponent walked away with a limp that stayed with him for three days. i believe "comhrac bas" deserves special praise, its moves are so devastating, and that even the defensive moves can end a fight. when i saw that he was unable to continue the fight, i stopped and walked away. the bad thing is, i only watched comhrac bas twice before this happened and never practiced the moves! thanks.
gregory westerfield, ft. durm, ny







"i would have paid $500 for this!"...
wow! this was the best instruction i've ever saw in my life! awesome! the tactics were so simple but so effective. i watched in amazement for the entire time. these are the only instructors i've seen that have a real knowledge of street fighting. the many techniques also blew me away. they gave me the attributes i was missing and the moves nobody else could show me. if it had cost $500 it would have still been a huge bargain. it was everything you claimed.
ryan crowe, schaumburg, il


a new calm confidence!
this is a better investment than buying guns or knives to protect me with and it gives me a calm confidence to face any situation no matter what sick jerk i run into. i want to say thank you.
steven bone, kinmundy, il


"very easy to learn"...
dale comstock has vastly simplified the teaching of combat martial arts. he has broken it down into its basic physiological aspects which makes it very easy to learn and remember.
darrell hackler, chief instructor


practical and easy!
i found dale's instruction in the combat arts to be different from anything i had been previously exposed to. this is a practical, easy to learn self defense system that anyone can quickly absorb and use.
eric wilson, owner-global security consultants inc. tampa, fl


best of the best!
dale possesses the highest level of all around combat skills of anybody i have ever met. his teaching style is easy and methodical, with none of the arrogance i've encountered with other so called professional trainers. he's combined the absolute best of many martial disciplines into one very practical, easy to learn fighting system. what dale can show you will give you the confidence to defend yourself appropriately in any threatening street situation.
james finiello, u.s. army-ft. bragg


this truly works!
dr. v cuts straight through the crap and delivers what truly works. awesome dvd! i've got hundreds and this is my all time favorite cause it's real.
alec m.p.


the right stuff!
this dvd is excellent training material for anyone who is serious about his combat training. awesome!
vadim dobrin


number one on his list!
i can't recommend this dvd enough.
brian fresisinger


makes it sooo simple.
every fight i've ever been in i've been embarrassed. my friends even give me a bad time. dr. v makes it simple. thanks.
steve hulbert, stockton, ca


"cutting-edge moves!"
ghetto blocks is the best of the best. if you are looking for secrets of cutting edge moves that give you total confidence to protect your family and loved ones then this program is for you.
enzo cristoforo, westminister, ca


oh-so brutal!
diallo is the man! i was amazed at how brutal ghetto blocks is -- yet how easy it was to learn!
l. krank, phoenix, az


"one hell of a nasty system!"
this is one hell of a nasty system! i'm not a big guy, but after seeing ghetto blocks, i feel sorry for anyone who picks me as a target.
r. zahn, milwaukee, wi


"exactly what i need!"
your videos are the best on the market. they are high quality, well organized, and made to be learned fast -- exactly what i need.
sam graves, everett, wa


"never disappointed!"
you should be commended for providing such well priced, well produced videos that offer truly cutting edge technology for personal and professional security. i have bought several products from you and have never been disappointed.
mohsen hafiz, gig harbor, wa


stuff martial arts never teaches!
wow! i've taken plenty of martial arts classes -- but they never showed me anything like this. this is simple and to the point! thanks!
m. garcia, barstow, ca


"the greatest!"
jim west's program is the best training film. he is the greatest.
rick seifert, parsonsburg, md


took down two navy seals!
i've seen jim take two chest-beating navy seals to the floor in under two seconds, with one move... and hold them both there until they calmed down, which jim made sure was a brief time. after he taught my door staff a few simple restraining moves, we haven't had any serious trouble.
skip follette


"complete confidence!"
this is top level, no-nonsense stuff you can learn fast and use with complete confidence almost immediately. with the one shot take out moves i learned from jim, fights don't last longer than the time it takes to blink, even if i'm surprised from behind.
jerry goney, professional bouncer for rick's lounge in fayetteville, nc the roughest military hangout in the country for 48 years.


how i beat two guys...
when two very large fellows tried to shake me down in a parking lot, i responded with a simple fast and violent move jim had taught me in 5 minutes that put the biggest guy down hard... and sent his tough buddy running. i love jim's style, because you don't need to warm up or have any special skills. this is what my little daughters are learning for their own self defense -- i'm making sure of that!
remo butler, lt. col. special forces


no more deer-in-the-headlights!
viper taught me how to function clearly under stress, and channel the power of my adrenaline. if you know martial arts, viper magnifies your knowledge and training ten fold.
phil borgia


"i was shocked..."
as a long time professional in martial arts, i was shocked at the viper program. i thought i could handle any situation, but viper introduced me to reality. it's real, its in your face, and it works. i am a force to be dealt with.
david bravo, professional martial artist


i was unprepared for a fight!
priceless training. i couldn't believe how unprepared i was for a real confrontation. i learned more about street defense in the viper course than in 10 years of martial arts.
tommy brown, police officer


two strange men approached
i was able to use what i learned while out with my 5 year old daughter one evening. i backed two strange men off... and i believe i wouldn't have known what to do and keep my daughter safe without this training.
laura templeman, former federal corrections officer


"life transforming!"
i have used the viper skills. it is truly a positive, life transforming experience. you will not be the same person... and you really wont want to be.
tess jenkins, martial arts instructor


navy seals agree...
in private conversations, actual seal team members have said that paul vunak's training system was the most realistic training they've ever had, going back 20 years! paul has one advantage nobody else has -- actual experience in street fighting. having been in it, he can teach you how to not only survive, but win, even if you aren't experienced in the street.
rich chen, hawaiian ex-street fighter


"most effective i've seen!"
street safe is the most effective self defense system i have ever come across.
ca narcotics task force commander (name withheld due to security regulations.)


"after 23 years in karate"...
finally, after 23 years of karate and other martial arts styles (including military training), i found a system that works in the real world!
paul iwamoto


twice the fighter in 15 minutes!
there's no flare, no garbage, no ceremonial nonsense, no magic. paul can spend 15 minutes with anyone and make you twice the fighter you were before!
shane brott, black belt martial arts instructor


soldier of fortune publisher says...
i seldom give endorsements, but this is something special. the release of this package is unparalleled. you can learn a lot... it may save your life.
colonel robert k. brown, usar (ret.), founder and publisher of soldier of fortune mag.











        for full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable javascript. here are the  instructions how to enable javascript in your web browser.
      

"live without fear for the rest of your life..."

        who else wants to own
        15 easy-to-learn... brutally effective...
        combat-proven "fight-enders"
      
for free!












        you do... that's who!
        this collection of devastating tactics – over two hours worth – 
        has sold all over the world for $97.

        but today this dvd package is yours for free.
        i ask only that you pick up the $7.95 shipping and handling fee.

        it's a killer deal. because just knowing these simple
        "bam-bam he's out" fighting tricks
        means a fearless new sense of calm...


        ...and an enormous boost in self-confidence
        that infuses every part of your life.
      

        so if you're interested in knowing how to fight and win...
        without "belts"... or long practice...
        or learning any complex nonsense at all... then read on.
      

        this may be the most important message you ever receive.
      



february 18, 2025
listen closely.
you're about to learn something that few men outside of u.s. special forces and israeli commandos ever discover.
it's 15 ultra-filthy "no nonsense" fight moves, taught to you by over a dozen of the world's most feared and dangerous men, that i want you to have...
for free




i will send it to you today for a very reasonable $7.95 shipping and handling fee. that's it. no reoccurring fees or any other charges of any kind.
these nasty techniques have been specifically chosen (from thousands) because they're:

simple. so easy in fact that nearly anyone, no matter what your size, strength or skill level, (even if you've never been in a fight before in your life), can use them.
 easy to learn. these moves require no special knowledge or skills. watch them just once... practice them if you want... then use it tomorrow if need be.
 devastatingly effective. the tactics and techniques you'll discover have all been proven in real combat – with blood on the line – to gain an instant advantage... inflict nightmarish pain... and put an opponent away in seconds.

here’s the story: my name is bob pierce. my little company trs has been the undisputed industry leader in simplified self-protection instruction for well over 20 years.
i’ve literally spent millions of dollars combing the globe to gather together the world's most accomplished (and vicious) fighters...
...men who just don't talk about fighting, but who...
have blood on their hands
u.s. special forces combat soldiers... "black bag" assassins... illegal "cage" fighters... stone-cold street brawlers (with hundreds of street fights under their belt)... 
...ruthless chicago gang enforcers... decorated delta force special operatives... seasoned barroom bouncers... seal team bad-asses... israeli anti-terrorist killers... russian spetnaz experts...
...and many others.
this is for real.
you're about to get a true insider's peek into an astonishing world of combat instruction that few people ever get a chance to see. stuff that can transform you into a mega-dangerous fighter – very quickly.
read a few of the "testimonials" on this page. this should help convince you everything i'm saying is absolutely true.
which is why my unique little company has been getting a lot of attention from some of the biggest magazines inside (and outside) the industry, including…



...men’s journal...
...penthouse...
...black belt...
...inside kung fu...
...iron man... guns and ammo... muscle and fitness... men's fitness...
...and a lot, lot more. so many that i can't name them all. really.
i’ve had fun pissing-off people along the way too – especially the martial arts “belt factories”...







...and a lot, lot more. so many that i can't name them all. really.
i’ve had fun pissing-off people along the way too – especially the martial arts “belt factories”...
who stand to lose a fortune
some guys love me, others hate me. doesn’t really matter.
fact is, no other company on earth has amassed such an intense arsenal of real-world combat instructional packages (i've produced over 85 titles with nearly 1,000 hours of fight instruction)...
...taught by top world-class combat experts willing to spill their most treasured fight secrets.
it would be impossible for anyone (even me) to start over and rebuild this collection for any amount of money. (one competitor recently offered me over $1,000,000 just for limited "rights" to it. sorry... no go).
 which is exactly why this so important to you.
because i want to give you nearly 2 hours of some of the best parts of this collection... for free.
again, i ask only for $7.95 to cover the shipping and handling fees.
the package is called "brutal fight-enders"... and before i dive into the details, you first need to understand something.
here it is: on the street... or in the office... playing pool in a bar... walking to the store with your wife...
...taking a whiz at a gas station... coming out of the movies with your kids... wherever...

          you will most likely be confronted and attacked
          by someone bigger and stronger than you.
        
it's true. a fact that's been 100% confirmed by fbi "white papers" and crime stats.
another thing... the police are not your personal bodyguards.
no. in fact -- with all due respect -- cops show up afterwards... to snap grisly photos, draw chalk-lines, write up reports, and clean up the blood.
what's my point? just this: when it hits the fan -- and some goon decides he likes the look of your wife... or climbs through your kid's bedroom window... or just thinks it'd be funny for him and his buddies to humiliate, beat and rob you...
...having a handful of simple and devastating moves to quickly dominate and end a confrontation in seconds – with your opponent shocked, dismayed, and running for his life – would be extremely valuable to know...
wouldn't you agree?
it also means a major boost to your own personal confidence-level too.
i mean, have you ever noticed how some men... even small guys... can walk into a room and everything changes?
you know... that "ef hutton" pause when the band stops playing, girls turn their heads, and other guys nervously clear their throats.
it's weird isn't it? because it's almost never about "good looks"...
...but that strange and unknown quality called "confidence".
it attracts women... commands respect and loyalty... and, without saying a word, puts thugs on "notice" that you're not to be messed with.
and once you know – deep down – how to inflict instant vicious consequences against anyone who dares screw with you or your family, you will suddenly possess the kind of supreme confidence...

          that others notice
          from across a crowded room
        
and that is what this is all about.











you'll get:

my 15 brutal fight enders package plus
4 bonus fight enders

that's 2 dvds with 100 min. of intensive training! featuring 18 different instructors, each using a distinct style of reality based fighting.
this program will teach you how to:

 recognize and eliminate a threat before he even lays a hand on you. 
quickly get out of a front or rear bear hug situation.
 cause so much pain you will force an attacker to release a headlock.
 use a head butt (most instructors don't teach this right) to end a fight.
 2 ways to get out of a front and rear chock hold.
 3 ways to turn the tables on an attacker who throws: a haymaker, a straight right, or a hook.
 take an attacker down with a simple tweak to a handshake.
 use a simple variation on a push that will drop a larger man.
 control an attackers head to control the fight.
 2 ways to stop an attacker's forward momentum.
 attack the eyes to distract and disable your attacker.
 2 ways to throw an attacker to the ground using leverage not size.









here’s just a small taste of what's in this intensive 100-minute “brutal fight enders” dvd package:

 how to use a single knuckle-blow (using very little pressure) into an easy-to-hit pressure point to bring a man to his knees in excruciating pain. (it’s almost funny to see little kids and small women use this to dominate full grown men).
a very cool “upside-down handshake” trick used by savvy bar bouncers to stop trouble just as it’s about to start. land him on his knees in seconds with you in total control.
a simple “human pliers” move that will shred through flesh and muscle and send him reeling into shock. it’s a bloody and ruthless technique – but it’ll instantly strip away his willingness to fight (and convince all his pals that you are not playing around).
four simple “improvised” weapons (i’ll bet you’re carrying at least two of them on you right now) that can be instantly lethal when used properly. this is how you’ll take ordinary objects and turn them into vicious fighting tools that he won’t be expecting.
a single deadly strike that – when used correctly – can (a.) instantly knock him unconscious or – with slightly more force applied – (b.) disconnect his spinal cord from his skull. this is as brutal as it get.
a very nifty “underhand lace” move that uses the back of his neck and the “v” of your leg to snap his arm like a pretzel while you choke him out. it’s wicked and humiliating.
one hell of a brutal “shoulder roll” leg-bar (very simple to do) for anyone stupid enough to bear-hug you from behind. it’s shocking how quick this can “pop” his knee... and leave him begging for a ride to the emergency room.

and much, much more...
...the vicious “distract and pivot” that takes advantage of easy soft-targets that most people leave wide open... 
...how to properly use your knee cap (most experienced streetfighters don’t even know this trick) for maximum damage... 
...the punishing “nose bridge” (looks innocent enough, but inflicts mind-numbing pain)...
...the blinding “thumb rake” (one hell of a brutal move)... 
...an israeli special forces bone crusher (doesn’t require a lot of force, but highly effective in shattering specific delicate bones)... and on and on.
it's all here...
and plenty more!
this collection is impossible to get anywhere else. it's two decades worth of hard work – owned and produced by my own company.
okay... learning these moves does not mean you're about to become some kind of knuckle-dragging jerk.
no. you can remain the smart, sweet guy that you are... knowing that you could take care of business if you really had to...
... handling trouble with a new sense of calm... as if your body were suddenly a cocked and loaded weapon.
people can smell that kind of confidence from a mile away...
... and punks and criminals tend to stay away. and idiots – even big dumb idiots – think twice before starting trouble.
there's nothing quite like the rock-solid surety that comes with knowing how to "take care of business" if you really have to.
it means you can just smile and walk away from silly confrontations... or end it on your terms if things get serious. your choice.
 here's how to get this now:
as i've said, the "brutal fight enders" dvd package is worth $97, (i've sold this to select clients all over the world), but for a limited time, i will...

          send it to you...
          for free.
        
i'll rush one out to you for just $7.95 shipping and handling charge.
there's nothing to worry about. you're not joining a club or a membership or anything like that.
there will not be any kind of sneaky reoccurring charges. this is a one-time shipping fee only. that's it.
my one hope is that when you see how good this stuff is – and how it so dramatically improves your confidence level – that you'll come back and order something else from me, (like i said, i've got 85 packages to choose from).
my small company has already absorbed the enormous cost of producing and editing this material... as well as duplicating the dvds...
...so i'm sure you understand that this small fee is absolutely necessary to weed-out the millions of "tire kickers" and keep me from losing my shirt.
to get this dvd rushed out to you now, just click on the button below:




 but you don't even risk one penny of that $7.95 shipping charge.
because if you aren't absolutely thrilled with this for whatever reason (even no reason), then i insist you call my office and get a full refund of your $7.95 – and keep the 15 brutal fight enders.








i trust you completely.
that's how confident i am that this will change your life.
trs has been in business for over 23 years and we have a reputation for treating customers exactly the way we would want to be treated.



you can also order this free dvd package by phone if you want. my office number is:
1-800-899-8153
ask for department number fbf-300 and tell the operator that you saw this letter and want the "free 15 brutal fight enders".
have your credit card ready for the shipping fee.
or you can even get this by mail. simply send your $7.95 check or money order (payable to trs) to: trs, dept fbf-300, 606 e. acequia ave., visalia, ca 93292.
no matter how you order, your free dvd pack will be rushed out to you immediately. as i mentioned, if you don't like it, just call the office and they'll do a prompt refund of your $7.95 shipping and handling fee.
of course the fastest and easiest way to get your hands on this is to order online right now.




 but wait... i'm about to get crazy-generous here.
 for anyone who takes advantage of this now, i will also include a...
free bonus!
i call it "advanced fight enders.” still simple and easy-to-learn, but a tad more advanced. stuff you’ll want to watch a couple times and practice.
here’s just a taste of what you’ll discover on this free bonus dvd:

how to quickly break free of a rear-naked choke while cracking his ribs and dropping him on his head. works so fast he won’t know what happened... or how he landed in the hospital.
a ferocious (but amazingly simple) “bull rush stopper” that levels anyone charging you. the more momentum he’s got (especially for a big dude), the worse it’ll be for him. it’s an absolutely merciless tactic... but can save your hide when you really need it.
the beastly little “roll and throw” that uses simple gravity and a cool maneuver to crack his skull like an eggshell. this one’s a doosey that he may not survive so be very careful when practicing (or you’ll have dead training buddy).

 and a lot more.
a map of the pain rich pressure points around the body... how to use his jaw like your own personal handle (to drive his face straight into the pavement)...
...instant knockout nerve shots... “lock n drop” moves that puts you in total command... and so much more.
this "advanced fight enders" bonus is crammed with easy to learn fight moves that will take your skills to the next level.
but the best part is that this bonus will also be included in your package...
for free!
it's a gift from me to you for taking the time to check this out.
i’ve included this "advanced fight enders" bonus – worth $49 all on its own – in exactly 177 packages as a kind of "shameless bribe" to get you to jump on this now.
i expect they'll be snapped up and gone by next week (around february 20, 2025), and i am not planning on making up any more.
so hurry.
the normal purchase price for this entire package is $146. you can't find this kind of simplified "quick-learn" fight instruction anywhere else... for any price... and right now it's all yours free.
you will never find a more generous offer than this again.
protecting yourself and your family is your job as a man.
and, heaven forbid, when crunch time hits, and there's no other choice, you'll be damn glad you know this stuff.
it's that powerful.


          for a safer life...

          bob pierce
          head honcho, trs/fightfast
        
p.s. oh... and another thing. i also have a very important interview with "mr. x" – a guy who values his anonymity, but has local law agents drooling with excitement.
they would prefer i not share this interview with you... but screw ‘em. i think this material is exactly what civilians need.
this audio lesson is yours free. you'll receive immediate access to it so you can listen to it right away from your computer.
we're calling this interview "alpha power signals" – because in it, mr. x very precisely details how you can discover the secrets of alpha males.
cops and professional soldiers learn about "command presence" in their tactical training... but command presence goes way beyond tactical skills... in fact, this mysterious mr. x did an exhaustive study on the non-verbal signs alpha men give off and will describe how you can make them part of your arsenal.
in this interview mr. x will reveal... the non verbal patterns of dominance, the big cues to recognizing fear in an opponent, how to utilize hand-face movements to control any interaction.
with all that you learn in this amazing interview, you will – in the space of few moments – convince the other guys to realize the drastic mistake of messing with you usually without incident. you can let him save a little "face" if you decide to, but it's not necessary.
this is the same stuff that big city metro cops utilize to control groups of people when they're obviously outnumbered. it's like learning a completely new universal and non-verbal language.
a language of confidence and dominance that will make complete strangers notice from across the room. this is critical information that you absolutely want to know.
i will make the link for this available to you for free seconds after you agree to receive the brutal fight enders. it's another generous gift from me to you.




to find out more about my brutal fight enders package just call 1-800-899-8153. a customer service representative can answer any question you have.

*individual results may vary. this program is based on simplicity thusallowing you to learn highly effective techniques with less practice than traditional martial arts. however, mastering any self defense technique requires some practice.
**always use proper safety gear when practicing self defense. self defense laws vary by state and county. consult a local law enforcement agency to find out about the laws in your area.











	© fightfast.com. all rights reserved.
	fightfast.com is a subsidiary of
	strength & conditioning technologies, inc.
	606 east acequia avenue - visalia, ca 93292
	have a question? visit our faq page to
	find answers and to contact support.
privacy policy | terms of use | faq








