welcome to aherlow - aherlow failte societyglen of aherlowopen menuhomewalkingheritage trailfestivals & eventsactivitiesfacebookinstagramtwitterevent cancelledit is with great disappointment that the glen of aherlow walking festival 2025 scheduled for 24th of january till the 26th of january 2025 is cancelled.this decision was made following official advice to ensure the safety and well-being of all participants during the current weather warnings.we had to make the difficult decision to cancel the event. we know how much you were looking forward winter walking festival and we’re truly sorry to disappoint you.we understand the time and effort you’ve likely put into planning for this event, and we don’t take this decision lightly. we are hugely grateful for the support and look forward to welcoming you all back to the glen of aherlow and our walking events in the near future.refunds: we’re doing everything in our power to make the refund process as smooth and hassle-free as possible for you. all bookings will receive a full refund back from stripe. the refund will be processed automatically to your original payment method, so you don’t need to take any action.questions or concerns: we know you might have questions, and we’re here to help. please don’t hesitate to reach out to us on 062-56331 & 0857695918. we’re committed to addressing any concerns you may have promptly and thoroughly.we sincerely apologise for any disappointment or inconvenience this cancellation may cause. your support means the world to us, and we truly value your understanding during this challenging time.thank you for your understanding.the glentipperary's most scenic holiday destinationthe glen of aherlow, tipperary's most attractive and scenic holiday destination, is a lush valley where the river aherlow runs between the galtee mountains and the wooded ridge of slievenamuck. bounded by the rural villages of bansha and galbally, the glen was historically an important pass between limerick and tipperary.find out morewithin the glen the focal point is the statue of christ the kingerected in 1950, christ the king, overlooking the valley at its most scenic viewpoint has his hand raised in “blessing the glen and all who pass by”, attracts thousands of visitors every year. the entrance to the glen of aherlow nature park is adjacent to christ the king. the nature park is a series of loop walking trails, suitable for families, with information panels on the flora and fauna of the area, picnic tables, so take a ramble in a natural woodland at your leisure.the galteesthe galtees are ireland's highest inland mountain rangewith a variety of peaks including galtymore at 3,018 feet (919m). the galtees provide the challenge required for today’s serious hill-walker and mountain climber.find out morewalkingthe glen of aherlow, tipperary is a walkers paradise offering a variety of low level loop and mountain walks. walking and trekking holidays are now the most sought after activity for irish and overseas visitors to ireland and what better way to enjoy the natural resources of mountains, rivers, lakes, forests and scenic landscape combined with fresh air and healthy exercise. all of these natural features are in abundance in the glen of aherlow, which makes it so attractive to walkers.plan a routeactivitiesthe glen of aherlowthe glen of aherlow, tipperary is a fantastic destination for a range of activities from walking, cycling and horse riding in the immediate area. within easy access is a choice of 4 golf courses and the amazing mountain bike trail in ballyhoura. bike hire is available for leisurely cycling, horse riding offers either on site lessons or longer trekks for the more advanced rider. from the glen of aherlow there are 4 18 hole golf courses within a twenty minute drive. many the local sporting clubs hold weekly games in all the local pitches with gaa, soccer and rugby. whether you want to take part or shout from the sidelines there is something for everyone in the glen of aherlow.find out morewalkingthe glen of aherlow, tipperary is a walker's paradise offering a variety...golfthere are four 18 hole golf courses within a 12 mile radius of the glen of aherlow...festivals & eventsgroups, clubs and individual walkers welcome...cyclingtwo parallel roads run the length of the glen of aherlow and are linked ...fishingthe glen of aherlow is an ideal destination for your fishing holidays in ireland...attractionsthe glen of aherlow, tipperary's most attractive and scenic holiday...horse-ridingboth the beginner and accomplished rider are well catered for by horse...familiesideal location of the little adventurers in your life...accommodationthe glen of aherlow has a wonderful variety of guest accommodation...footerthe glen of aherlow, tipperary’s most attractive & scenic holiday destination, is a lush valley where the river aherlow runs between the galtee mountains & the wooded ridge of slievenamuck.useful linksroutes and mapsaccommodationireland's ancient eastmunster valesheritage irelandtipperary tourismcontact uscoach road, glen of aherlow, co. tipperary062 56331info@aherlow.comfacebookinstagramtwitter© 2022 aherlow failte. all rights reserved.