








njcaip | business owner help




























njcaip
business owner help


menu
skip to content
home
business owner quotes
 






home


business owners free quote assistance and guidance.
this is not for claims, legal proceedings or questions from insurance agents.  it is for helping residents of nj find insurance for their business. go to business owner quote request form.
njcaip nj commercial auto insurance. getting new jersey commercial auto insurance for contractors, public livery, medical transport operation or commercial trucking in new jersey can sometimes be hard. use njcaip certified producers when you have been declined or canceled elsewhere or have problems finding coverage.
these types of risks may be referred to as “high risk commercial auto insurance” or “non standard – assigned risk commercial vehicle insurance plan or new jersey assigned risk”.
caip or state assigned risk plans are where you go to find coverage when you can’t get insured elsewhere.
njcaip certified producers insure commercially registered vehicles, private passenger types, contractors vehicles, tractor trailer trucks, straight trucks, box trucks, buses, bus fleets, public livery, medical transport vans, ambulances and others that are not insurable immediately in the nj commercial vehicle insurance voluntary or nj preferred insurance markets.
all commercial motor vehicles registered or principally garaged in new jersey are mandated by law to maintain liability insurance, n.j.s.a. 39:6b et seq. commercial auto-truck-van-bus-public livery insurance coverage may be obtained on a voluntary market basis or through a licensed producer certified by the new jersey commercial auto insurance plan.
only njcaip certified producer agents may offer this commercial auto insurance coverage and transact these types of policies. if you are a business owner that needs help you could call (856) 352-2454.
njcaip is the state of new jersey mechanism for obtaining commercial auto insurance for commercially registered vehicles that are not insurable immediately in the nj voluntary or preferred insurance markets. established january 1, 1984 to provide coverage for a new jersey commercial automobile risks unable to obtain coverage in the voluntary market.
what is commercial vehicle insurance?
commercial auto insurance or business auto insurance insurance policies (bap’s) insures a businesses use of cars, trucks, vans, semis, buses and many other possible vehicles in the daily routine of business operations. policy coverage usually include vehicles that may be owned or leased by the business, hired by the company, or possibly vehicles that may be owned by certain employees that are used for business purposes.
licensed and state certified njcaip producers-transportation coverage specialists will help you find the right commercial vehicle insurance at the best price that is available to you.
njcaip.org, new jersey commercial auto insurance online resource for nj commercial auto insurance for those that have not been able to secure coverage in the preferred markets.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
your private information remains between you and your agent or certified producer. we will never sell nor rent your information or email address. acceptance of these term s are implied by use of this free internet resource. we disclaim any inference that this information provided herein is legal advice. this information is provided as is and is for generic informational purposes only. a njaaip insurance plan certified producer is the best source to asses your individual needs. this site may contain web links to other  valuable consumer informational or government sites. this site is n0t auth0rized by, affiliated with, n0r in any way related to aips0, any state insurance auth0rity,nor any state appr0ved assigned risk aut0mobile insurance plan. we are not acting as an insurance carrier, agent nor broker. we offer free consumer resources to assist in the pricing, qualifications and purchase of appropriate local nj high risk commercial auto insurance coverage from properly licensed njcaip insurance producers who may have access to additional resources to assist you with finding additional insurance options.












				proudly powered by wordpress			



error: content is protected !!





