



usa phone directory - free people search - tenn help
















 
background reports | public records | vital records


local address and phone number directory
find people for free

 




people finder
locating homeless individuals
vital statistics resources
birth and death records
mobile home communities



white pages » 




search people, do a background search, stay informed - tennhelp.com
 tennhelp is a free, easy to use database of public records that allows you to search people online. background reports are used by many americans to assess candidates for employment, prospective tenants, persons applying for credit, possible babysitters or nannies and for any reason where a person’s credibility is important. if you want to gain insight into someone who need to trust, the background report has become a standard means to fill in the blanks.
a complete background report reveals a great deal about a person’s past. today, background reports can include employment history, criminal record and credit history. background reports have helped responsible parties gain insight into a person’s past and use that insight to make decisions about employment, tenancies and creditworthiness.
advertisement





the fair credit reporting act (fcra) regulates who can access consumer reports and who is authorized to collect and distribute background information. fcra is managed by the federal trade commission. under the fair credit reporting act, employers, landlords, medical service providers and insurers can only obtain background and credit information by using a consumer reporting agency (cra). for all these uses, the inquiring party should follow a specific protocol that includes receiving written authorization from the individual before requesting a background report.
where does public information come from?
consumer reporting agencies (cras) are the agencies that collect and distribute background information and “consumer reports.” cras must meet certain standards set by the federal trade commission.
cras sell background reports but must adhere to policies set by the fcra in conjunction with state privacy laws. many states have determined that generally only arrests which resulted in a conviction can appear on a background report. this is an important distinction. cras maintain criminal background databases that are filtered by a number of processes including:
•	geographical location
•	arrests, convictions, time spent in jail
•	sex offender registries
•	in-store theft reports
•	court records
•	credit reporting agencies
some uses are regulated
employers - businesses desiring to run a background report and use the information to determine whether they will hire a candidate must be careful. businesses should ask permission from the candidate they wish to look up. most businesses develop a release of information form which when executed by the applicant gives the business permission to run a complete background report.
according to forbes, 69 percent of american businesses now run criminal background reports prior to hiring new applicants. according to the us justice department, 33 percent of the general population had some type criminal record as of 2013.
in addition to pre-hire background reports, some businesses may wish to run background reports on existing employees. for this use, the business must also have a written agreement. today’ most businesses give new employees and existing employees release forms that can be used during the employee’s term of employment.
many employers provide a copy of the background report to the applicant and afford the individual the opportunity to clarify any potential stumbling blocks.
landlords – landlords should also follow a preset and uniform policy when using background information to make decisions about prospective tenants. the easiest way to protect yourself and still obtain important information is to:
•	require all potential tenants to complete a uniform application.
•	obtain current contact information.
•	obtain previous and current employer names, addresses and contact info.
•	include a credit report authorization form and background report authorization as part of the rental application but dedicate a separate page to this form. under section 604 of the fcra, landlords must have permission to run a credit check. make sure the authorization forms are signed and dated.
•	run the credit check with the three major credit agencies; transunion, experian, equifax.
•	run a background report.
again, of there appear irregularities in the background information, the landlord can have the possible tenant review the document and attempt to clarify any misinformation.
individuals - for individual’s the only stipulation about who can access another person’s background information is that the individual must have a valid reason. however, the best way to run a background report for personal reasons, like investigating a prospective roommate or business partner is to use a professional service. many online background report providers specialize in distributing cost-effective information.
however, in some cases it is easiest to ask the individual to volunteer credit and background information. every consumer in the us is entitled to a free credit report every year from each of the big three reporting agencies listed above.
in order to ensure you are obtaining the right information about the correct individual, it is import to obtain as much information as possible. obtaining previous addresses and previous employment information can go a long way toward ensuring the accuracy of the information.




search for people

usa phone directory



advertisement






public resources

reverse phone lookup
homeless statistics in the usa
dangers of living in a mobile home
legal tips for tenants
tenant eviction laws
wage garnishment laws
what to do before signing a lease



foster parenting and guardianship

how foster parents get power of attorney
how to become a foster parent
legal relationship of a foster parent
emancipation from guardianship
help for pregnant teens





 

people records by state




alaska 
alabama 
arkansas 
arizona 
colorado 
connecticut 
washington dc 
delaware 
florida 
georgia 
hawaii 
iowa 
idaho 

illinois 
indiana 
kansas 
kentucky 
louisiana 
massachusetts 
maryland 
maine 
michigan 
minnesota 
missouri 
mississippi 
montana 

north carolina 
north dakota 
nebraska 
new hampshire 
new jersey 
new mexico 
nevada 
new york 
ohio 
oklahoma 
oregon 
pennsylvania 
rhode island 

south carolina 
south dakota 
tennessee 
texas 
utah 
virginia 
vermont 
washington 
wisconsin 
west virginia 
wyoming 






community boards by county




dallas county (al) 
jefferson county (al) 
shelby county (al) 
washington county (al) 
clay county (al) 
marion county (al) 
clark county (ar) 
union county (ar) 


fulton county (ar) 
kent county (de) 
hillsborough county (fl) 
brevard county (fl) 
broward county (fl) 
cook county (ga) 
wayne county (ga) 
cumberland county (ky) 


essex county (ma) 
oakland county (mi) 
anoka county (mn) 
hennepin county (mn) 
bernalillo county (nm) 
northampton county (nc) 
cuyahoga county (oh) 
oklahoma county (ok) 


tulsa county (ok) 
philadelphia county (pa) 
el paso county (co) 
dallas county (tx) 
bexar county (tx) 
collin county (tx) 
travis county (tx) 
utah county (ut) 


salt lake county (ut) 





phone and address lookup by city




phoenix 
mesa 
colorado springs 
jacksonville 
tampa 
honolulu 
chicago 
indianapolis 


wichita 
new orleans 
baltimore 
boston 
detroit 
kansas city 
st. louis 
omaha 


albuquerque 
new york city (nyc) 
charlotte 
raleigh 
columbus 
cleveland 
cincinnati 
toledo 


oklahoma city 
tulsa 
portland 
philadelphia 
austin 
virginia beach 
seattle 
aurora 








 


people finder
privacy policy
california online privacy rights
about us
contact us
remove your listing

ccpa listing removal request 
if your information is displayed on this website, you can have it removed by completing the remove your listing form.
the phone directory listings on this site are considered to be public information. this website is not associated with any governmental agency. for more information, please read our terms and conditions. 
 fcra disclaimer: tennhelp.com is not a consumer reporting agency. tennhelp.com is not a consumer reporting agency for purposes of the fair credit reporting act, 15 u.s.c. sec. 1681 et seq. ("fcra"). none of the information in our databases has been collected, in whole or in part, for the purpose of furnishing "consumer reports," as defined in the fcra, and the additional protections afforded to consumers, and obligations placed on credit reporting agencies, are not contemplated by, nor contained within, these terms. you may not use any information obtained from tennhelp.com to determine a prospective candidate's suitability for: health insurance or any other insurance, credit and/or loans, employment (including but not limited to, household workers such as nannies), education, scholarships or fellowships, housing or other accommodations, benefits, privileges or services provided by any business establishment, or for any other purpose covered by the fcra, by the federal trade commission's interpretations of the fcra, and/or by similar state statutes.
copyrights 2021 www.tennhelp.com - all rights reserved.


 













