



ny yacht & boat charter: new jersey and new york city's premier yacht cruises |  new york city's premier yacht charters




 




























ny yacht and boat charternew york city's premier yacht charters call: 1(888)755-boat



home
our yachts
marinas
faqs
contact us

































search ny yachts

party sizes
more than 500
200 - 500
120 - 200
75 - 120
less than 75



featured yachts
120 feetcapacity: 180 view listing54 feetcapacity: 12view listing
why use ny yacht and boat charter?
ny yacht & boat charter has one of the best reputations of service and integrity in new york. we match the needs of every client who walks through our door. there's no need to shop around. with us you get extra service for no additional cost. we've set up our website as a virtual brochure of yachts based on guest count and yacht size to make it simple. after you've browsed through, please call us at 1-888-755-2628.

whether it's a wedding cruise out of nyc or new jersey, a new york harbor corporate yacht charter, bar/bat mitzvah, special birthday celebration, fundraiser, college graduation, or sweet 16, chartering a private yacht is exciting and memorable.  we take care of the event planning so you can enjoy your event.

we love new york. experiencing the new york harbor on a private boat is magical. we want you to enjoy it just as much as we do!




about us
ny boat charter began in 1998 by capt. rob bellanich. he took couples and small parties up to 6 guests out on his boat he named risk it all (now bliss). capt. rob met singer/songwriter lezlee peterzell in the summer of 1999, and his business was growing rapidly. growing up on boats and having experience in the corporate and entertainment world, lezlee helped capt. rob market the business while he helped her with her singing career (see www.lezlee.com). they fell in love. while she was touring europe, capt. rob proposed to lezlee onstage in prague, czech. republic and a year later, they were married.
demand for larger parties suddenly grew. rob encouraged lezlee to book larger parties on other yachts. she began ny yacht charter in 2001, and booked charters for corporate events, weddings, and private parties. having booked and coordinated numerous weddings, lezlee obtained her priestess license to conduct marriage ceremonies. .
read more...


contact us






name and/or corporation*email*

phone number*number of guests*date, time, and length you wish to book the charter?

location*new york citynew jerseyconnecticuttype of event*weddingcorporate eventbirthdayotherhow did you hear of us?*internet search engineadvertisementfriend/colleagueotherwhat is your budget range?*please describe your event and what you're looking for*



 










ports of call
79th st. boat basin
chelsea piers
lincoln harbor yacht club
pier 81
pier 40
east 23rd st. marina
more...
types of parties
ny yacht and boat charter weddings
ny yacht and boat charter corporate events
ny yacht and boat charter bar mitzvahs
ny yacht and boat charter birthday celebrations
ny yacht and boat charter sweet 16
ny yacht and boat charter meetings and events
ny yacht and boat charter private boat charters
corporate events nyc and new jersey, nj
same sex wedding venues in nyc and new jersey, nj
wedding receptions on a yacht in ny harbor


search

return to top of pagecopyright © 2025 ny boat charter · site by fsi







