


hands-on computer training, in-person classes, boston, ma









































the solution to the mystery of computers




about

home
about ci
contact
services
site map
why ci

classes

overview
class schedule
faqs
registration
private classes
executive training
class list
mailing list

support

support index

tips

tips index

just fun

musings
neighborhood history
fun facts
learning at home
photo gallery
world views
fun places to go








want to get the most
out of your computer?
 you’ve come to the right place.





happy new year



live, hands-on computer training
demystifying computers is our specialty. every day we train business profes­sionals on spread­sheet, data­base, graphics, publishing and web develop­ment programs. and we’ve been doing it almost as long as pcs have been around.
at a time when computers have become the lifeblood of many organizations, the need to use them effectively has become mission-critical. today’s computers have a lot of power under the hood, but like finely-tuned sports cars, it takes a skilled driver at the wheel to realize their full potential.
all classes are taught live by an instructor in the class with you. scheduled public classes are given daily; custom private classes can be arranged for your team. one-on-one training and project consulting are also available.
we want to be your solution to the mystery of computers.




quick links



class schedule

private training

class registration
get newsletter


course outlines
contact








learn about some of the interesting and infamous events that have occurred in our historic neighborhood.


project-specific advice or hands-on guidance on a consulting basis. details here.


visit our photo gallery 


frustrated with trial and error? new classes begin daily. 


for a 6 hour class, that’s a 567% return in one year. 


colophon • privacy
© copyright 2023, 1995, computerimages. all rights reserved.
url: www.computerimages.com / index.html
updated december 31, 2024.

computerimages • info@computerimages.com • (617) 720-6161



.




