
brakeproducts.com: home


web orders only - free shipping via ups ground (continental us only, motor freight excluded)











 



 



 



 





 

brake products
48,128 part numbers: brake wheels & discontinued brake parts

 

gemco
14,373 part numbers: motion control products 

 

gleason
18,008 part numbers: cable & hose management systems

 

aero-motive
3,220 part numbers: cable & hose management systems



 


 



 



 



 





 

cutler-hammer
919 part numbers: electrical control products

 

hubbell
8,390 part numbers: electrical control products

 

superbolt
122 part numbers: fastening solutions

 

renold
407 part numbers: mechanical power transmission products












 







automatic quantity discounts









 
bpi's web orders and web site generated pdf quotations now support quantity discount of up to 10%.
 
quotation is valid for 30 days and can be immediately converted into an order.
 










 






credit terms changes









 


any account with invoices outstanding for more than 60 days will automatically be put on a credit hold.
new customer payment terms are "credit card" only, full pre-pay.  
credit card information needs recorded at the time of order.
terms can be re-negotiated, upon successful payment.














 



web: www.brakeproducts.com
email: sales@brakeproducts.com
phone: (888) 861-8777


 











secure online order









 
secure online order

 
48,128 part numbers available foronline order
 






shopping cart







empty












checkout is secure



 


products available from stockfree shipping via ups ground (continental us only, motor freight excluded) 
 

product msds information













web site features







 
part number lookup
 
enter at least three characters of a part number to retrive the list of all documents (such as specifications, manuals, guides, drawings, etc.) from our web site, referencing this part number:
 



part number:
 
 
search scope:
this web site only


 
formal pdf quotation
 
to obtain an instant formal printable pdf quotation use shopping cart and select "view pdf quote", instead of checking out. click here for instructions.
 
your shopping cart is kept intact and you can still check out at a later time.












about brake products, inc.







 
about brake products, inc.
 
brake products, inc. is more than an authorized distributor, we are real stocking distributor with inventory in excess of 2 million dollars. 
bpi has thousands of parts in our stock to protect your business with same day shipments till almost 7pm. with over 30 years of experience 
in the material handling business we are ready to assist you in making the right decisions for efficient motion control.
 
brake products specializes in the machining of brake wheels for ac & dc industrial brakes. we utilized cad designed & engineered products 
with cnc machined tools to produce the "perfect brake wheel" these wheels are not limited in design by a previously designed castings 
for universal use.   bpi is an oem brake wheel manufacturer for crane brake manufacturers. though we machine all the brake wheel surfaces for 
balance both static & dynamic balancing to your specification is available.
 
please spend some time at our web site, an abundance of product information and cad style pdf drawings are available to download & share. 
pricing and a shopping cart for automated order entry can be done here.  please call with any questions. we would appreciate the opportunity 
to speak with you and provide a formal quotation.

 
order status lookup by invoice/web order number
 
 



bpi invoice/web order #     
 
 

invoice number is all-numeric, 5-7 digits, web order is alpha-numeric. only recent invoices are available. web orders may take a day or two to have an invoice created.
 














 





ductile iron brake wheels









ductile iron brake wheels

 
we manufacture high-quality custom and standard brake wheels from 4-1/2" to 30" diameter, cast from the finest astm and asme specified 
80-60-03 ductile iron to provide maximum service and a high coefficient of friction. machining is done on cnc equipment using solid dura bar 
or iron castings.
 
brake wheels for all types of electric and hydraulically actuated brakes. many wheels available for same day shipment; both pilot bore and 
finished bored for the 600 and 800 series mill motors.
 












replacement brake parts









replacement brake parts

 
easily locate and purchase hard to find replacement parts for the following most popular brake assemblies:
 

  •  ec&m
  •  square-d
  •  westinghouse
  •  cutler-hammer
  •  gemco
  •  mondel

 
brake assembly diagrams and selection tables, backed by our extensive replacement brake parts stock, makes it as easy as "1-2-3".
 












oem products










 
brake products is proud to maintain excellent decades-long distrubutor relationships with industry-leading original equipment manufacturers (oem).
we keep most popular items in stock to improve delivery times.  these products are available to quote and purchase 24/7 on our e-commerce web sites,
along with a multitude of installation and support information:
 
  •  gemco (ametek)
  •  gleason reel
  •  aero-motive
  •  cutler-hammer (eaton)
  •  hubbell
  •  superbolt
  •  telemotive (magnetek)
  •  renold
  •  stearns
 
for online purchases, shipping is free within continental u.s.












electrical contactors parts









electrical contactors parts

 
easily locate and purchase hard to find replacement parts for the following most popular electrical contactors:
 

  •  clark control

 
contactors assembly diagrams and selection tables, backed by our extensive replacement contactors parts stock, makes it as easy as "1-2-3".
 












 





non-asbestos overhead crane linings from scan-pac






non-asbestos overhead crane linings from scan-pac






 
the industrial marketplace has a variety of brake and clutch requirements for overhead cranes. scan-pac's technical and application expertise can recommend and furnish the proper material to meet the specific need your operation demands. numerous specific parts have been molded or machined to meet the unique requirements of a special application. let scan-pac solve those vexing problems in your day-to-day production.
 
scan-pac's rf38 material has been accepted as a well proven material for these applications and has been in use for several decades.
 
scan-pac products available from stock
 












non-oem brake replacement parts







 
 
high quality, aftermarket, non-oem, brake replacement parts
 
 
non-oem brake replacement parts available from stock
 












 





industrial brakes and brake parts from reuland






industrial brakes and brake parts from reuland






 
reuland offers a wide variety of brakes for various applications. popular magnastop brake is a solenoid activated, spring set type brake. the magnastop brake is available in standard and dust-tight/waterproof enclosures in standard ac voltages. torque ratings available range from (1.5-20) lb. ft. the brake can be ordered as a traditional c-face mount or as a "double c-face" design. the magnastop can also be ordered as foot mounted design.
 
reuland also offers a wide range of direct acting magnetic disc brakes. these brakes are also available as standard, dust-tight/waterproof, or marine duty enclosures. torque ratings available vary from 1.5 to 1000 lb. ft. reuland brakes are defined as "fail safe". when power is applied to the brake, the brake releases the motor shaft. the load is then free to turn. when power is removed or lost, the brake grabs the motor shaft and stops the load. a brake release knob or flipper is provided to manually release the brake. reuland offers both adjustable and non-adjustable designs. reuland brakes are available in both single and three phase designs. some brakes are available in dc power. finally, reuland offers it's "x" series brakes. these brakes are designed to mount to non-reuland built motors.
 












industrial brakes and brake parts from wagner






industrial brakes and brake parts from wagner






 
our knowledge is second to none in regard to the old style wagner brake. it may be worth knowing that wagner brake itself has not manufactured this style brake since 1981, yet we have never stopped supplying this brake to our large distributor network.
 
when it comes to air brake parts, our company roots go way back. we have an extensive library of air brake catalogs which has supplied our customers well over the years. our knowledge is based mostly on the bendix (formerly bendix-westinghouse), wagner air brake, and the midland air brake line.
 














 





this web site is owned and operated by brake products, inc.







                    16751 hilltop park place
                    chagrin falls, ohio 44023
                    phone: (440) 543-7962
                    fax:     (440) 543-7963
                    web:   www.brakeproducts.com
                    email: sales@brakeproducts.com
                    federal id #: 34-1473351
                    cage code: 1qtp8
                    duns# 14-748-2392
                    download: form w-9






supplier of industrial brake parts since 1985











