


home - qajaq usa



























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








member loginmenuhomeabout us join/renew membership board & staff history documentsevents event calendar traqs qajaq camp hrgf qajaq tc tpg delmarva sstiksforums forums home greenland forum commercial forumtechnique strokes rolls & rescues rope gymnasticsgear kayaks & building paddles & making tuiliks & clothinglibrary masik newsletter qajaq journal bibliography video clips qajaq audio glossary event gallery links contact us






your greenland kayaking resource
we are a small yet passionate non-profit organization staffed by volunteers. we depend on your membership contributions to fund this website and forums, publish the masik newsletter, organize greenland-style events, provide a fleet of replica sof kayaks and gear to events and more. your support makes this happen! join qajaq usa , or renew your membership. thank you!the masik
the masik is qajaq usa's electronic newsletter! stay up to date on all things qajaq related:  read the latest masik newsletter here.qajaq journal
back issues 1 - 5 are available here for free download.this is an excellent compendium of greenland-style paddling technique, history and gear. team qajaq usa
qajaq usa is the american chapter of qaannat kattuffiat—the greenland kayak association. we have members world-wide. qajaq usa is one of only two affiliated clubs outside of greenland. most clubs are scattered among the small villages of greenland and are a major impetus in keeping the local kayaking traditions alive. meet the team.
our mission
qajaq usa is committed to supporting qaannat kattuffiat and their efforts to preserve, study and promote the traditions and techniques of greenland kayaking while seeking to further the appreciation and development of greenland-style kayaking in the united states.
find out more about us»become a member
 you can visit member signup / information to join or renew your membership as well as set up a recurring membership so you no longer need to remember! if you have any questions please contact the membership team.
facebook feedqajaqusa/upcoming eventsupcoming events





share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twitter



home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









