



notetab – a prize-winning text editor and html editor























 

https://www.notetab.com/









this website makes heavy use of javascript.
              please enable it in your browser’s preferences to view this page.
            




×

this site uses cookies. by continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. read more














solutions

text editing
html editing

useful tools



solutions

•  text editing
•  html editing
•  useful tools

 
products

notetab pro
notetab std
notetab light

comparison chart
version history



products

•  notetab pro
•  notetab std
•  notetab light
•  comparison chart
•  version history

 download

download

•  download

 
store

buy now
upgrade



store

•  buy now
•  upgrade

 
support

support center
discussion groups



support

•  support center
•  discussion groups

 
about us

company
contact us



about us

•  company
•  contact us

 













notetab – gets more done in less time

notetab 7 is packed with time-saving productivity tools that no other text or html editor has. try it now and discover what notetab can do for you!

read more…



 



what exactly is notetab?




for some notetab is simply the best notepad replacement out there. for webmasters it’s the fastest html editor. for others it’s the most versatile text editor. for power users it’s a unique text-processing work horse. what will it be for you?
notetab has won awards from pc magazine, pc world and wugnet. it’s also won the shareware industry awards 3 times. but we’re especially proud of our 6 people’s choice awards.




enjoy more free time thanks to notetab.










what do you need?






need a text editor?
is notetab going to be your next editor? what makes it so special? we’ve got 10 great reasons why you’ll love notetab. click on the button below to discover them…
i need a text editor »




need an html editor?
notetab packs many time-saving tools you won’t find elsewhere. now with full support for html5 and css3. click to discover why webmasters prefer it over other html editors.
i need an html editor »




upgrade to notetab 7.2?
are you the proud owner of an earlier version of notetab? get a free upgrade if you bought a license in 2012. or get a huge 50% discount if you bought before 2012.
i want to upgrade now »










what’s new in version 7?




notetab 7 adds loads of new features, including:





searching with easy-to-use wildcards (like * and ?)
real-time word count (notetab or microsoft word method)
text statistics for seo (html code automatically ignored)
support for html5 and css3
new html/css libraries




syntax highlighting for css
improved syntax highlighting for html
new web templates
and much more…








what the press says about us
 




… the best text editor out there.


pc world




notetab pro is another of those utilities that once you have tried it, you won’t go back.


jerry pournellebyte magazine




we could write an entire magazine about how wonderful notetab is and all the things you can do with it. this is, simply, one of the most excellent pieces of software ever created.


sa computer magazine 








about us
fookes® software is a limited (ltd) company based in charmey, in the swiss pre-alps.
for over 25 years we have been developing award-winning tools and productivity software. we also have more than 20 years of expertise in the field of email processing and analysis.
our clients include fortune 500 companies, government agencies, law firms, universities, archiving & compliance firms, ediscovery and forensic professionals around the world.










solutions

text editing
html editing
useful tools


products

notetab pro
notetab std
notetab light
comparison chart
version history


media


media kit



support

support center
discussion groups


downloads

download notetab
clipbook libraries


contact

contact us


partners

partner finder
partner portal
become a partner






© 1996-2025 fookes holding ltd. all rights reserved. 

terms of use | privacy policy






  				“notetab” and “fookes” are registered trademarks of fookes holding ltd. all other trademarks and service marks, both marked and not marked, are the property of their respective owners.
  		


 








