







camp harmony hooversville, pa 814.798.5885

































































































cart
















0
















              summer camp
            

              facilities
            

            events
          

about us


        donate
      







back


            mission & staff
          

            contact us & location
          

            privacy policy
          
































































cart
















0











summer campfacilitiesevents
about us

mission & staff
contact us & location
privacy policy

donate







#spreadtheharmony











scroll


















summer camp = fun, friends & adventure!
camp programs designed for campers of all ages to have fun, experience creation and enjoy christian living. read the latest blog post from our program directorlearn more about camp➝























retreat facilities
offering comfortable spaces at affordable prices in a natural, peaceful, service-oriented setting.learn more ➝























events
family fun ways to support camp!













highlights"i can only begin to tell you how much we all enjoyed our time together! everyone was delighted with the cabin, the camp, and the all the surrounding beauty.  we have two avid photographers who love to share their photos. [one guest] captured the glory of the sunrise from the chapel. [another guest] uses their camera to constantly worship the god who clothes the grass. thank you all again and again for providing such a wonderful haven for us to gather in."“a great, safe place to send your kids. wonderful counselors. makes learning about jesus fun and relatable."











summer camp lead



retreats



landing



media










our mission: providing adventure and fun with an eternal purpose





1414 plank road,
hooversville, pa 15936
814.798.5885


hours
mon 9am to 4 pm
tue 9am to 4pm
wed 9am to 4pm
thu 9am to 4pm
fri 9am to 4pm



























copyright © 2024 camp harmony, inc. all rights reserved.









