







iris of sissinghurst | iris of sissinghurst is run by sue marshall and is a specialist nursery for tall bearded irises & short bearded irises, sibiricas, ensatas & many others for all situations.































 










 



01622 831511
orders@irisofsissinghurst.com



facebook




x




instagram


 





facebook




x




instagram




0 items
 












home
about us

books
talks to societies
yearly iris care


shop

mail order
terms & conditions and privacy policy
cart
checkout


my account

track your order


news
blog
contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 












welcome to iris of sissinghurst

01622 831511

followfollowfollow

shop for irises now







welcome to iris of sissinghurst
iris of sissinghurst is run by sue marshall and is a specialist nursery for tall, intermediate  & short bearded irises, sibiricas, ensatas & many other iris  for all situations.
you can order our irises directly online now or you can still order by mail. (follow the links at the right to our catalogue and mail order form.)
we will send out our iris at most times of the year when we are confident they will arrive in good condition. please note we do not send out plants whilst in flower .
we  have a number of exclusive irises for sale all bred and raised in kent. see our kent iris page for details.
we are now giving talks to horticultural and other local societies,see our talks page for further details or phone to book.









please note telephone number for the nursery is 01622 831511










kent irises








tall bearded irises








short & intermediate









now selling gift cards in our online shop













buy our irises online now
we grow irises - only irises

enter shop












winner of a gold medal at the 2015 chelsea flower show
(read more..)






christmas 2024

we will cease sending orders out by 12th december as  we don't want orders getting delayed by christmas post. if you want to order plants as a gift ,why not think about a gift voucher .you can include your own message. finally we'd like to wish you all a merry...
read more



telephone issues

following the recent electrical storms locally our telephone system is not working properly and is unable to take messages .we hope the system should be up and running again by wednesday 25th september . messages can always be left via the email...
read more







sign up for our newsletter




success!



first name



last name



email





subscribe

















terms & condition and privacy policy
please feel free to review our terms & condition and privacy policy using the button below.
view






 

 








facebook




x




instagram


provided by aumworks 

































