




cll foundation - home










 



 
	 


home

donating

what is cll

projects

information

other sites

board of directors

memorial





     

     

     

     

     

     

     

     

     

our mission

            
                    chronic lymphocytic leukemia is the most common form of adult leukemia in the
                    
united states
and the western world. the disease has not, however, 
                    received its fair share of research dollars.  
                    the mission of the cll foundation is to raise money for research that will lead 
                    to a better understanding of the disease and to better treatments for those who 
                    have been diagnosed with the disease.  
                    that money primarily comes from individuals who believe that cll research is 
                    important and deserves increased funding.


          the need for individual donations has never been 
                    greater.  the current recession has impacted research hospitals, foundations, 
                    and government agencies as well as individuals.  the resulting financial 
                    shortfall means that more people must take on the burden of supporting 
                    research.  those who can help fund research will have the satisfaction of being 
                    part of a joint effort against a terrible disease.  we cannot rely on the 
                    government or on others to solve the cll problem.  instead, we must reaffirm our 
                    commitment to the idea that individuals working together can solve common 
                    problems. 
 


         
                    the projects that our donors have made possible are described in our 
                    “projects” section.    with continued 
                    public support, the foundation can continue to fund research.  we hope for a cure; we work to raise 
                    money for the necessary research; and we look to those with an interest in 
                    chronic lymphocytic leukemia to help the foundation with its mission.
                



		
                        contact information
                    
	



hayden burns, director

rhburns1@comcast.net
                                
                                1721 north blvd houston, texas 77098(713) 542-1183


                                
                                 





































 



