



	home : tudor














































login
                    
                



username
password




remember me

forgot password?






reset your password



to receive an email with a temporary password, please enter your username and click enter to complete your password reset request.








username













the tudor group of companies ("tudor group") is a group of affiliated entities engaged in the management of client and proprietary assets. paul tudor jones ii formed tudor investment corporation, the first of the tudor group companies, in 1980. the tudor group manages assets across fixed income, currency, equity and commodity asset classes and related derivative instruments in the global markets for an international clientele. the investment strategies of the tudor group include, among others, discretionary global macro, quantitative global macro, quantitative equity systems and event driven equities.




terms of use
legal and regulatory
privacy notice
cookie notice 





tudor investment corporation

200 elm street
stamford, ct 06902
united states
telephone: +1 203 863 6700



tudor capital europe llp
authorised and regulated by the u.k. financial conduct authority

10 new burlington street
london, w1s 3be
united kingdom
telephone: +44 207 518 5151



inquiries:

careers: employment
website: ir operations team
general: tudor investor relations


employment
the tudor group has a strong commitment to hiring individuals who welcome individual authority and accountability for results. if interested in applying for a position within the tudor group send your resume and cover letter to careers@tudor.com.



notice: entrance to this site is restricted to persons who have received a unique user name and password. the information contained in this site is confidential.
the information may not be given, without tudor's consent, to any person other than persons to whom user name and passwords are provided, their agents and advisors.







terms of use
privacy notice
legal and regulatory
cookie notice

copyright © 2025 tudor investment corporation. all rights reserved.



this website uses cookies to enhance your online experience. for more information please refer to our cookie notice. by clicking "i accept" you consent to the use of such cookies.
by accessing or using this website, you accept and agree to comply with the website’s terms and conditions.














