










home - association of postgraduate physician assistant programs

























































 
 

















skip to content














 
find a postgraduate programbecome a membermember login











facebook





instagram






































menu 
homemembership options and pricing criteria for membership benefits / join now!about us program directory current board appap history bylawsevents & cme app 2025 fellowship conference upcoming events on-demand cmeawards aapa research poster award linda brandt research award for physician assistant postgraduate trainingmore advantages of postgraduate residency and fellowship programs news & announcements research resourcescontact us








 















 
 




















we'll see you january 30-31 at theappap/apgap app fellowship conferencein new orleans!







conference registration is now closed. jw marriott group pricing available for booking through january 15th!







welcome to the association of postgraduate physician assistant programs!
the vision of appap is to support the development and optimization of pa postgraduate education programs in order to provide excellent patient-centered, team-based care.

















					events				








					program directory				








					news				






















mark your calendar










view all events

































updates













 
registration open now!appap/apgap joint conference 2025 
jw marriott new orleans, louisiana
thursday, january 30, 2025  -
friday, january 31, 2025



register now!


 















 
call for speakers!appap/apgap joint conference 2025 
please click here to complete the
speaker interest form! 
jw marriott new orleans, louisiana
january 30, 2025 - january 31, 2025
 













handshake








benefits of joining appap
active & provisional programs

will have their program listed in the appap website directory, and will have a dedicated program page on this site.
may participate in display booths at national meetings where the appap has elected to reserve booth space
may receive discounts with journals when the appap has arranged membership discounts
may receive discounts on the joint appap/apgap app fellowship conference

individual members

individual members may have the privileges of the floor and may serve on committees, but may not vote or hold office.
may receive discounts on the joint appap/apgap app fellowship conference
may have access to trainings and resources that are not available to the general public








join today










 












© 2025 association of postgraduate physician assistant programs
 | 
site by growthzone












association of postgraduate physician assistant programs




























connect with us




















email




appap@appap.org 










facebook





instagram



















 © 2025 association of postgraduate physician assistant programs.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 



















