



home - the vincit group















































vin-ch/ee/t
noun: a group of vertically integrated industrial companies built to help your business reach its full potential.
verb: latin, “to conquer.”
start conquering

























about

 

services




chemical application: zee company




contract sanitation: qsi




process engineering: itg




process improvement: eis




chemical innovation: zeco




equipment outfitting: numark




technical cleaning: tcs




logistic support: pro logistics



 

careers

 

contact

 























this is vincit
chemical, sanitation, and engineering services.







      watch the video
    






as a network of 8 vertically integrated industrial companies, we create an exchange of ideas and services geared toward raising the bar and changing for the better the ways we make what we make.
learn about vertical integration
the benefit belongs all to  our clients.









do you want to be more efficient?
do you want to be more sustainable?
do you want to be more profitable?




our 8 member companies function in tandem to make all those things possible for you—at the same time.









      our services:
    



          process improvement
        








          chemical application
        








          contract sanitation
        








          process engineering
        








          equipment outfitting
        








          chemical innovation
        








          technical cleaning
        








          logistic support
        










sustainability is just a word.
what matters are the things we sustain—
business. family. community. nature.
we believe that when we start thinking this way, when we truly begin to value our planet and the people in it, prosperity will flow.
check out our values page to learn more about what drives us.
learn the vincit values






speaking of people, we’re proud of ours.
vincit associates aren’t hired, they’re chosen. it goes beyond resumes, degrees, and checked boxes. we look for people with the specific energy, drive, and professionalism that define our kind of service.
we call it the v-factor.
our people are everything to us, because if we didn’t have special people, we could never claim to offer you anything special.
and we are definitely offering you something special.
see what we're looking for






so that’s our story. if you’re interested in a bold and fresh future for your company, then it’s time you gave us a call:
888.484.6248.
get in touch
if you’re close by, come pay us a visit at our corporate headquarters in beautiful chattanooga, tn. we’ll look forward to it.












navigation















mission

 

services

 

contact

 

careers

 

newsroom

 

affiliates

 

privacy policy

 


connect with vincit online






































contact

north america operations
412 georgia avenue
suite 300
chattanooga, tennessee
usa 37403
p: 888.4.vincit
(888.484.6248)
f: 423.265.9070
email: info@vincitgroup.com






 






















