


shotokan karate of anderson - home































































            				home
            			



            				classes
            			



            				instructors
            			



            				calendar
            			



            				programs
            			



            				contact us
            			
















	welcome to shotokan karate of anderson!


	thank you for visiting our website.  shotokan karate of anderson (also called anderson karate) is located on the east side of cincinnati, ohio, in anderson township.  our club was established in 2002 by kim & jeff weber along with a few fellow students.



karate classes














we study and practice in shotokan karate. shotokan karate is a traditional style of japanese martial arts. it is recognized by its diligence of practicing the fundamentals, and for performing powerful, explosive techniques while exhibiting extreme control and focus.   a person’s interest in the martial arts is a personal one.  for some it is a parent wanting their children to gain the benefits of the martial arts – confidence, focus, respect, and discipline; for others it is an adult who sees the value in martial arts lessons for themselves, to combat stress, learn self-defense, and increase personal development. with consistent training, shotokan karate can provide many of the above benefits to the karateka, and more. our club is dedicated to teaching traditional shotokan karate in a positive environment. we offer a friendly atmosphere, and encourage participation from all family members.  anyone interested in joining our classes, are welcome to observe a class.




what our members are saying:









 




 

















 






 






 


 










 
 anderson karateloc8nearme


 






 














 






 















 






 






 




























 






 



we are members of the international shotokan karate federation and the mid-america iskf region.







