


hindi matrimony - the no. 1 matrimony site for hindi speaking people - hindimatrimony.com




























from matrimony.com group



 




































from matrimony.com group



 






 register free  





×
login
 mobile no. / e-mail



please enter your e-mail id / mobile number.
login with matrimony id is not valid now. retry with mobile no. / e-mail id
password 




please enter your password.
 keep me logged in






forgot password?
|
login via otp

 





  
already a member? 


login

login





 help 










24x7 help : 






india : 7538896555

uae : +971 525060879





live help
contact us
feedback
business queries























the biggest and most trusted  matrimony service for indians!
now find matches based on your hobbies & interests















the biggest and most trusted  matrimony service for indians!
now find matches based on your hobbies & interests



create a matrimony profile

find your perfect match




  

matrimony profile for


 myself
daughter
son

sister
brother
relative
friend









male


female

 









    










 



code
 india (+91) 
united states of america (+1)
united arab emirates (+971)
united kingdom (+44)
australia (+61)
singapore (+65)
canada (+1)
qatar (+974)
kuwait (+965)
oman (+968)
bahrain (+973)
saudi arabia (+966)
malaysia (+60)
germany (+49)
new zealand (+64)
france (+33)
ireland (+353)
switzerland (+41)
south africa (+27)
sri lanka (+94)
indonesia (+62)
nepal (+977)
pakistan (+92)
bangladesh (+880)
afghanistan (+93)
show more countries
























 

*by clicking register free, i agree to the t&c  and privacy policy 


 







 












 









100%
mobile-verified profiles






4 crores+
customers served






24 years
of successful matchmaking





  



featured in the limca book of records for highest number of documented marriages online












choose by interests, location and other relevant filters

customize your partner search with filters like hobbies, location and more. find your suitable match!







connect with matches the way you like



voice call
talk to matches directly through voice calls





message
connect with matches instantly through messaging





video call
meet your matches virtually with video calls














ai-driven match recommendations to suit your preferences

our ai recommendation engine gives profile suggestions based on your preferences. explore compatible matches from these.







watch our latest tvc






millions have found their life partner at hindimatrimony!








"meat by bharat matrimonial on date 8th april 2019, found him perfect match as i want, we both were perefect foreach other in everyway, we meat 3 or 4 time before parents meeting, when we felt that yes we both are comparetivily good match for each other, then disscused with both families then both families, agree with us and they fixed the date of our... read more

naresh & thakur
hindimatrimony








"we came across each other's profiles on hindi matrimony and expressed interest. soon we startedtalking and realized that we liked each other and can take it forward. our parents met and everything worked out well. so, here we are happily engaged and looking forward to getting married. i would like to thank the hindi matrimony team for the wonderful... read more

niharika & singh
hindimatrimony








"we came across each other’s profiles on hindi matrimony and expressed interest. soon we started talking and realized that we liked each other and can take it forward. our parents met and everything worked out well. so, here we are happily engaged and looking forward to getting married. i would like to thank the hindi matrimony team for the... read more

manisha & gautam
hindimatrimony








"i always dreamed of finding a life partner who would understand, trust, love me and support my endeavors in life, and hindi matrimony helped me to find someone exactly like that. we liked each others profile since we had a lot in common and started to communicate. our parents met they decided to take it to next step. thanks to hindi matrimony...  read more

alkesh d soni & reena mahawar
hindimatrimony 








"i was looking for someone who was well educated, open minded, simple yet modern and i found someone with those qualities on hindi matrimony. we started communicating and realized that we connected well. later our families met and everything worked out well. we are very grateful to hindi matrimony for helping us find... read more

ajeet & priyanka
hindimatrimony








"greetings! i would like to thank bharatmatrimony.com for making me meet the love of my life. busy with life and monotonous routine, ankit's simplicity didn’t catch my attention when we initially got connected on bharatmatrimony.com somewhere in 2015. few days later in december 2015, we re-connected and tried to strike....  read more

ankit & pallavi
hindimatrimony































view all 















don't miss out! 
 over 2.5 crore people get married in india every year.  your perfect match will not wait for you forever!
 yes, i would like to find my special someone 
no. i am not seriously looking for a life partner right now. 



 






































start your search for a perfect match at hindi matrimony









 i'm looking for a 


 woman
 man




 age 

1819202122232425262728293031323334353637383940414243444546474849505152535455565758596061626364656667686970


to


2122232425262728293031323334353637383940414243444546474849505152535455565758596061626364656667686970

sorry end age is high!




 religion 

 religion - any hindumuslim - allmuslim - shiamuslim - sunnimuslim - otherschristiansikhjain - alljain - digambarjain - shwetambarjain - othersparsibuddhistinter-religion



 caste 


caste / division

















browse matrimonial profiles by



 
religion
caste
city
state
country
occupation
 





hindu 
muslim
christian
jain



  view less   view more 




rajput
kayastha
agarwal
baniya
yadav
brahmin
sc
jat
thakur
ansari
jatav
sheikh
view more



  view less   view more 




mumbai
lucknow
delhi
patna
pune
jaipur
bangalore
bhopal
gurgaon
indore
kanpur
view more



  view less   view more 




maharashtra
bihar
madhya pradesh
rajasthan
delhi ncr
uttar pradesh
haryana
uttaranchal
delhi
jharkhand
chhattisgarh
karnataka
view more



  view less   view more 




usa
uk
uae
canada
malaysia
australia
nri
saudi arabia
singapore
qatar
kuwait
view more



  view less   view more 




software professional
executive
engineer - non it
manager
marketing professional
teaching
entrepreneur
supervisor
officer
clerk
technician
view more



  view less   view more 









hindimatrimony is the most trusted & successful online matrimonial service provider for the hindi speaking community across india and the globe.
hindimatrimony was established by bharatmatrimony which is india's no. 1 and most trusted matrimony brand with 140+ branches across india and holds the limca book of records for achieving the highest number of documented marriages online.



our vast choice of profiles is spread across numerous cities of india such as mumbai, lucknow, delhi, patna, pune, jaipur, bangalore, bhopal, indore etc.
hindimatrimony has benefited lakhs of hindi speaking brides and grooms to find matches across different communities such as brahmin, rajput, kayastha, agarwal, baniya, yadav, sc and jat etc.
in hindimatrimony, you can find profiles of people who belong to different religious backgrounds like hindu, muslim, jain and sikh. 
in hindimatrimony, you can also search for the nri profiles, from different countries such as usa, uk, uae, australia, singapore, canada, qatar, kuwait, etc.


once the registration process is done after filling all the relevant information like personal and family details and partner preferences, you can quickly start searching profiles based on your preferences.
lakhs of verified hindi-speaking bride and groom profileshindimatrimony has a user-friendly interface with easy navigation features that even a first time user will find it easy to customise the preferences. with lakhs of verified hindi-speaking bride and groom profiles, you are likely to find a perfect match based on your caste, religion, education, interests and language preferences.
with 24 years of trusted matchmaking experience, hindimatrimony has earned the trust of millions of hindi-speaking people worldwide and has become the first option when it comes to finding a life partner.
personalised service from hindi matrimony our assisted service provides a dedicated relationship manager who works for you after knowing your requirements, shortlists profiles and initiates meetings based on mutual interest. we also offer a premium matrimonial service, elitematrimony to help the upper crust hindi-speaking brides and grooms to find their life partner, with utmost privacy and confidentiality.
our vast number of verified profiles will definitely boost your chances of meeting the right partner. why wait? register today and find your perfect match.




 view less   view more 











frequently asked questions

looking for something else?  click here  for our detailed faqs page










to speed up your partner search, download 
                 hindimatrimony app
            


 


 







                        10m+ downloads | rated 4.0 
                        















elite matrimony


get invited to elite matrimony, the personalised match making service for elites


dedicated relationship manager
serviced over 25,000 elite customers
100% confidential service



get invited






assisted service


a personalized matchmaking service:


dedicated relationship manager who shortlists matches based on your preferences
find your match 3 times faster
service guarantee!* if you are not happy with the service, we will return your money. no questions asked



know more










our wedding services





















 
about hindimatrimony
 

hindimatrimony, a part of bharatmatrimony - the pioneer in online matrimony, is the most trusted matrimony service for lakhs of hindi speaking people worldwide. bharatmatrimony has been recognised as the most trusted online matrimony service by the brand trust report. we have also been featured in limca book of records for most number of documented marriages online. our purpose is to build a better bharat through happy marriages.

other matrimony sites







 
about hindimatrimony
+




					hindimatrimony, a part of bharatmatrimony - the pioneer in online matrimony, is the most trusted matrimony service for lakhs of hindi speaking people worldwide. bharatmatrimony has been recognised as the most trusted online matrimony service by the brand trust report. we have also been featured in limca book of records for most number of documented marriages online. our purpose is to build a better bharat through happy marriages.
				 



other matrimony sites+





regional sites+




 




community matrimony+




 




religious sites+




 




exclusive sites+




 






mandap+






weddingbazaar+






community shaadi+




 











help & support+



24x7 live help
contact us
feedback
faqs






our other services+



elitematrimony.com
jodii
matchastro: talk to astrologer
luv.com
manyjobs.com






our wedding services+



mandap.com
weddingbazaar.com
make my wedding
wedding loan






information+



about us
awards
milestones
register free
partner search
member login
success stories
payment options
careers
media room
tv commercials
advertise with us
terms & conditions
privacy policy






related matrimony services+



happymarriages.com
matrimonial sites
matrimonial websites
bharat matrimony retail stores















regional matrimony services 

assamese matrimony
bengali matrimony
bihari matrimony
gujarati matrimony
hindi matrimony
kannada matrimony
kerala matrimony
marathi matrimony
marwadi matrimony
oriya matrimony
parsi matrimony
punjabi matrimony
rajasthani matrimony
sindhi matrimony
tamil matrimony
telugu matrimony
urdu matrimony




help & support

24x7 live help
contact us
feedback
faqs


our other services

elitematrimony.com
jodii
matchastro: talk to astrologer
luv.com
manyjobs.com


our wedding services

mandap.com
weddingbazaar.com
make my wedding
wedding loan




information

about us
awards
milestones
register free
partner search
member login
success stories
payment options
careers
media room
tv commercials
advertise with us
terms & conditions
privacy policy




related matrimony  services

happymarriages.com
matrimonial sites
matrimonial websites
bharat matrimony retail stores







this website is strictly for matrimonial purpose only and not a dating website.
copyright  © 2025. all rights reserved.



the limca book of records highest number of marriages


follow us on:




















 

