










the schryver family web site




































about us 


this is the web site of the
						david and
						marcia schryver 
						family of dexter, new york.  many years ago, we decided 
						that we wanted to organize the photographs we had taken 
						over the years as a record of our family and our life.  
						since we never got around to doing that, this web site is 
						our "on-line scrapbook."


our life



we were married in 1978.  one week after our wedding, 
						we moved into a home on the talcville 
						road in edwards.  it had been marcia's grandparents' 
						home for almost 30 years and we ended up raising our family 
						and living there for over 34-1/2 years.  we sold the 
						house in october 2015 after 37 years, nine months and five 
						days of ownership/occupancy.
david taught high 
						school math at the
						edwards-knox 
						central school for 33 years, starting at edwards in 
						1973 and retiring in 2006. 
						marcia was a remedial 
						reading and math teacher at
						gouverneur 
						central's east side elementary school from 1982 until 
						her retirement in 2012.   
in 2004 we bought a property on the north shore road 
						of pillar point, in the town of brownville, that has been 
						in david's family since 1939.  his grandfather schryver 
						built the cabin there that came to be known to the family 
						as the cottage.  over the next 
						seven years, we did considerable renovations in anticipation 
						of building on and making it our year-round home. 
						that happened in 2012.
						
in march 2016, after renting for two winters and part 
						of another, we bought a winter home 
						in florida.  located in tippecanoe village in zephyrhills, 
						we are now snowbirds, spending the winter in a 55+ community.
we have three children.  our oldest is kristin.  
						she lives in the winchester, virginia area with her 
						spouse, mel, and their two daughters, lilianna and 
						emily.  she is currently a stay-at-home mom but has 
						recently taken on a part-time job teaching and coaching 
						gymnastics in a local facility.
our son, david jr., lives in canton, new york.  
						he has three sons, gavin, gage and goodwin and two step 
						daughters, allison and aida.  david is president of 
						the proact division of kph healthcare services.  
						this is a pharmacy benefits manager and mail order 
						pharmacy business.  the retail pharmacy kinney 
						drugs is probably the best known division of kph.  
						by the way, the "k" in kph represents kinney drugs and 
						the "p" stands for proact.  there are a number of 
						other divisions in the company.
our youngest is miranda.  she is the supervising pharmacist 
						at the kinney drugs store in canton and lives in potsdam, new york, with 
						her husband, aaron.  they have no children and like 
						it that way!  they love to travel as evidenced by 
						trips to iceland, dubai and columbia in 2023.



our hobbies


during our married life, we have enjoyed
						camping, our motorcycles,
						ham radio, 
						wine and beer making.  
						some of our current diversions include 
						traveling,  lighthouses 
						and waterfalls.  in addition, 
						marcia relaxes by reading and gardening and has recently 
						gotten into quilting.  david enjoys 
						
						family 
						genealogy and plays guitar 
						in a jam group every week while 
						home in the north country and in two or three different 
						groups while in florida during the winter.


waterfalls


in 2006, david started getting interested in hiking 
						into waterfalls.  over the next several years, that became a regular activity 
						with us and it led to the creation of something that has 
						become quite popular, the website
						nnywaterfalls.com.  
						through a number of fortunate occurrences, in the fall of 
						2010, david began a collaboration with two other men who 
						also run waterfall websites.  the book waterfalls of 
						new york state came from these efforts.  it was published 
						in august 2012.  since then, david followed 
						up on a long-time desire to write a book about 
						waterfalls in the northern portion of new york state.  
						in fact, he has written five more.  the first three were 
						released in 2017.  roadside falls of 
						northern new york, volume 1, the tri-counties, 
						focuses on falls in the western part of northern new 
						york, jefferson, lewis and st. lawrence counties. 
						roadside falls of northern new york, volume 
						2, the adirondacks covers five counties in 
						the north eastern portion of the region and 
						roadside falls of northern new york, volume 3, the 
						mohawk valley details drops in seven 
						counties across the middle of the state north of the 
						mohawk river.  backyard cascades of 
						northern new york was published in 2019.  
						this details a number of privately owned waterfalls 
						throughout the north county that the author has had the 
						privilege of being invited to view and photograph.  
						many of these are not typically accessible to the 
						general public.  finally, hiking the 
						adirondack waterfalls, released in 2021, 
						directs you to more remote and challenging locations, 
						the majority of which are located within the adirondack 
						park. these are 
						all available through amazon.com and at a number of book 
						and gift shops throughout the adirondack and northern 
						region.  autographed copies can be purchased on his on-line bookstore,
						
						https://davidschryver.com.due to a number of 
						factors, four of the above titles were released as 
						second editions in 2023. 


lighthouses


as mentioned above, we have enjoyed traveling and 
						visiting lighthouses throughout our married life.  
						we have somewhat lost track of exact numbers, but a 
						conservative estimate would be that we have seen towers 
						in at least 22 states.  after completing his sixth 
						and final waterfall book in 2021, he branched out and 
						started creating lighthouse guidebooks.
our little florida lighthouse book 
						was released in november 2021 and the next month saw the 
						release of our little lower atlantic 
						lighthouse book. the latter of these two 
						covers the beacons in the states of virginia, north 
						carolina, south carolina and georgia. 
our little mid-atlantic 
						lighthouse book (new jersey, maryland, 
						delaware and eastern pennsylvania), our 
						little new york state lighthouse book and 
 
						our little maine lighthouse book 
						were all published in 2022.our little 
						western new england lighthouse book 
						(connecticut, rhode island, vermont and new hampshire), 
						was released in 2024.  
our little 
						new york metro lighthouse book (new york 
						city and long island) is scheduled to be released later 
						this year.the plan calls for  our little 
						massachusetts lighthouse book to come out 2025.  after that, we plan to work our 
						way westward and create books on lighthouses 
						covering the great lakes states.like his 
						waterfall books, the lighthouse guidebooks are available through amazon.com, book and gift shops 
						throughout northern new york and on his on-line 
						bookstore,
						
						https://davidschryver.com.


the schryver family 
						genealogy


our branch of the schryver family descended from albartus 
						and eva lauermann schryver.  
						
they 
						originally spelled the name schreiber, but changed it after 
						they came to america in 1709.  as the family tree has 
						branched over the past three centuries, some family members 
						have changed the name and we have found other spellings 
						such as schriver, schriber, scriver, scriber and shriver.  
						a major focus of this web site is dedicated to the family 
						genealogy.  this is and probably will be a work in 
						progress for some time.  if you are a schryver or a 
						descendent of the schryver family in any of its spelling 
						variations, you might be interested in checking out our 
						genealogy website,
						www.theschryvers.org.  
						likewise, if you have information to share on the "family", 
						we would be more than interested in including it here. 
						


fourth coast creations


on the side during his teaching career, david did a 
						lot of computer consulting and in-service training.  
						he has also designed and maintained web sites for communities, 
						organizations and businesses for many years.  he now 
						conducts a formal website design, development and maintenance 
						business under the name
						
						fourth coast creations. 


 










 









©2024
reproduction 
				of this world wide web site in whole or in part is prohibited without 
				permission. all rights reserved.
 trademarks and copyrights are the 
				property of the respective owners and may not be used without permission.












