






































kitchen kettle village in lancaster county | pa dutch country shopping & homemade food



























hi there! looks like your web browser is out of date.
we’ve designed this site to be compatible with modern web browsers and encourage you to update.
update your browser now










toggle navigation













 
 
 
 
 


bring your group


village map
join our team


































 
 
 
 
 




our village

how it began
jam & relish kitchen
the shops
village map
explore local
pa dutch gifts & shopping
stay overnight in the village
things to do with kids
pat burnley memories


seasonal events

upcoming events
springtime fun
summer fun
fall fun
winter holiday fun


good food

kling house restaurant
jam & relish kitchen
harvest cafe
the bake shop
tradition meets gourmet
local recipes


the inn and suites

accommodations


shop online

shop food
shop bath & body
shop by candle light
shop deerskin leather
shop good vibes
shop girls day out
shop the jewelry bar













experience 40+ unique shops, restaurants & lodging


















spreading   happiness


hosting   fun


sharing laughter



creating memories




preserving    traditions



<
>









explore our village



when pat and bob burnley invited their neighbors and friends to celebrate fresh food and family fun in their backyard in 1954, they began a tradition of serving up memorable experiences for all to share. three generations later that tradition of spreading happiness holds true; only now the backyard is a village of shops, eateries, a working canning kitchen, and an inn nestled next to rolling lancaster farmlands. and you are our guest. kitchen kettle village is a place for sharing laughter, carving out family time, and relishing a lancaster, pa hospitality experience all rolled into one quaint, walkable village of local cooks, quilters, and shopkeepers looking forward to your visit. whether you come for unique homemade food, shopping-locally made, or your favorite name brands, lodging or festivals, you will always find a warm smile and lots of friendly faces at kitchen kettle village.
come visit with us!many shops are open monday through saturday from 9-5. some shops have limited hours in january & february.







plan a sleepover
january-february
plan a winter getaway to lancaster county and stay at the inn & suites at kitchen kettle village. be sure to check out our special promotion happening now through february.



shop with us this winter
january - february
visit with us this winter for a relaxing shopping experience. many of the village shops are open, but some shops do have limited hours in january & february. please call or visit our website for specific shop hours.


 
spread the love tasting tour
spread the love tasting tour
grab your sweetheart, gal pals or family and enjoy this fun and flavorful event! receive generous samples and personalized service, as you explore the village on this self-guided food experience.










hours and directions
bring your group
contact us
job opportunities
about us




join our e-mail list for special offers, events & information


















kitchen kettle village  3529 old philadelphia pike  intercourse, pa 17534  800.732.3538




























