









home • barney fletcher schools: education for georgia real estate professionals




















































































































home
contact
login
view cart
 





get a sales license

classroom
live webinar
online self-paced


exam prep

cram course
stl exam prep
online self-paced


post license

classroom
online self-paced


continuing education

online self-paced


get a broker license

classroom
live webinar
online self-paced


career seminar
 








education is a gateway to opportunity.
 

pre-licensing and continuing education: the courses you need, designed to fit your lifestyle.









start your career in real estate with barney fletcher schools success through learning!







 

choose the pre-licensing option that best meets your needs


classroom





live webinar






online self-paced









 

access our exam prep tools, free with your tuition


statewide exam prep classes





testprep online exam simulator





on-demand video review






online flashcards



$328 value
all free!






 

pass the state exam and begin your career!
 
as a bonus, you’ve already begun building your network with local brokers and you are ready for success!











see details










as good as you can get!“my experience was about as good as you can get. the instructor was obviously invested in my success and in having everyone in class pass the state exam. the material provided by barney fletcher schools was exactly what i needed to help me pass the tests. i passed the school and the state tests on my first try! i will be taking the post license courses at barney fletcher as well.”~lillian j. – georgiavaluable support tools“as a teacher, i recognized the value of the support tools barney fletcher offers, but i had no idea they would be of such high quality.  i passed my test on the first try. i really connected with my broker instructor and i‘m now an agent at his firm!” ~thomas a, marietta, gain-person coaching was a game changermy success through learning instructor gets a 10 out of 10! i knew the textbook inside and out, but this experience really helped bring the lessons to life with real-world stories. to have that in-person coaching versus just having the webinar was a game changer!~ diamond l., college park, gareally connected with broker instructor, now an agent at his firm!taking the online pre-licensing course at home while having an in-person instructor, who drove home the lessons i was reading that day, was perfect. he re-emphasized all the most important points from the materials and i passed my test on the first try. i really connected with my broker instructor and i‘m now an agent at his firm!~ michael a., marietta, gapassed on the first try!my daughter and i researched real estate schools and finally decided to go to barney fletcher.  the online prelicense program was thorough but taking in-person training with a local broker was very beneficial and helped us network locally as well.  i passed the school test as well as the state exam on the first try and landed a job right away!~ sharon h., cumming, gai feel confident about taking the examthe materials were fantastic and the instructor was very enthusiastic and kept my energy level up. there was never a dull moment! i’m very pleased with my decision to enroll with barney fletcher and have recommended it to all my friends who want to get their license on the first try!~ angie d., fairburn, gavery informative and gave several scenariosi just recently took the class and i really enjoyed it. the broker was very informative and in depth on the slides and gave several scenarios on them. he also gave a laid-back environment which made me very comfortable to ask questions and more.~ devin w., cordele, gafinished class feeling like i got value for the money investedi took the success through learning class and had an exceptional teacher. i have taken classes before and left feeling unsatisfied because i didn’t learn anything. however, i finished this class feeling like i got value for the money i invested. he was great at giving us real world examples to help us gain a better understanding of the concepts. i would recommend this class to other students!~ chandra h., macon, gareal-life examples were vital to passing state examthe in-person review/recap of the pre-license class through success through learning, with a broker to help explain the material and provide real-life examples, was vital to helping me pass the state exam and get licensed. the contacts i made during the class helped me build my own network, and will simplify and expedite the next step in my career.~ tyrinetta t., riverdale, gaprepared to start my career!i heard about barney fletcher schools from a friend who is a successful broker and couldn’t be happier with the course. i was able to learn from real world examples and my broker coach raquel was the best! i feel much more prepared to start my career in real estate!~ laquanta f., east point, ga









choose your option to get your real estate license
classroom live webinar online self-paced








whysuccess through learning®?
about 50% of people taking the georgia real estate exam pass on their first try.
our approach offers you all the tools you need to give yourself the best chance at success at no extra cost! ($328 value)









barney fletcher path to success
compare what barney fletcher schools offers with any other school in georgia and you will quickly see why we are the best!the barney fletcher path to success includes more exam prep tools than any other real estate school, included free with the purchase of your prelicensing course. one package and one price provides everything you need to be successful!
see below for details on the study tools included with your tuition! $328 all free!









 




 

statewide exam prep classes
twelve hours of applied real-world learning presented by local real estate brokers throughout georgia. a house’s story covers the most important topics on the state licensing exam by reviewing how a house gets sold from start to finish. prep for the state licensing exam while building connections with brokers at some of georgia’s top firms. ($90 value)












 

testprep online exam simulator
take unlimited practice exams or study over 1,300 practice questions. no limit to how often you can take a practice exam and the same exam is never generated twice. provides explanations for questions answered incorrectly and evaluates your knowledge in each exam category. ($99 value)





 









 




 

on-demand video
learning through questions on-demand video presents exam-type questions, allows you to stop the video and answer the question, then provides an instructor’s explanation of the answer and how to solve the problem. includes exam-taking tips plus an entire section on real estate math questions. ($90 value)












 

online real estate flashcards
500 of the most common real estate terms and phrases presented in an online flashcard format. test your knowledge and learn the terminology of real estate. ($49 value)





 









 




 

money back exam guarantee
barney fletcher school’s success through learning program is the best real estate pre-license education in georgia! our first-class pre-licensing course and our free exam prep tools, combine to give our students their best path to success. we’re so sure of this that if you don’t pass your licensing exam on the first try, we’ll give you a full refund on the price of your course! (see details.)










choose your option to get your real estate license – and achieve success through learning today!








 





choose your option to get your real estate license

classroom live webinar online self-paced 








 





renew your license with continuing education

classroom live webinar online self-paced 












  we are currently seeking grec licensed real estate instructors! apply here to become part of our team!
  **applicants must hold a current real estate instructor’s license from the georgia real estate commission.






















nar decision
real estate partners
about
support
policies
our instructors
state requirements
bookstore
instructor opportunities
make-up hours
compare schools
 





								© 2025 barney fletcher schools: education for georgia real estate professionals. all rights reserved.
							



































