








bolton-st. johns | bolton-st. johns




















skip to main content




 









dc about team services clients contact 




dc about team services clients contact 







 dc  about  team  services  clients  contact  

















smart strategy begins with being well informed.

	bolton-st. johns is a government relations and public affairs firm that specializes in developing research-based and solution-oriented strategies. whether providing lobbying services, political training, grassroots campaign strategies, business development or regulatory representation - our team has the knowledge and know-how to deliver real results.
      
contact us




 
 



 



bolton-st. johns










 

 
 








services

bolton-st. johns is a full service firm that provides tailored strategies and services per our clients' needs





lobbying
develop comprehensive plans to take legislation from concept to statute.

grassroots campaigns
develop, design and implement grassroots efforts that show clear outcomes.

business development
foster relationships and partnerships for clients in both the public and private sectors.

political training and education
provide tailored training and education for organizations to achieve their goals.

regulatory representation
facilitate a positive and active presence for companies with interests within the regulatory environment.
 



locations



washington, d.c
albanywe believe that having the right relationships is essential to getting things done.
our albany office is located steps from the new york state capitol, and in close proximity to the state’s different agencies and operations offices. in albany, our team and our work are recognized and respected among decision makers at all levels of statewide government – including the office of the governor, the state senate and in the assembly.
our albany office specializes in the following services:
working with the assembly, state senate, governor’s office and attorney general’s office
drafting legislation and developing strategic plans for its support and passage
preparing meetings and lobby-days for clients
briefing and educating legislators and their staff on your issues

new york cityour diverse new york city team covers all aspects of city government.
we know the inner workings of city hall and the power players at all levels of the mayoral administration and in the city council. bolton-st. johns has a long standing presence and a well-regarded position to be the most effective voice for you within the citywide political landscape. we represent our clients before city agencies in rule making, policy development, issues surrounding licensing and compliance, and budget related issues.
our new york city office excels in:
working with the city council, mayor’s office, comptroller and public advocate’s offices
working with city agencies including the taxi and limousine commission, economic development corporation and department of transportation
drafting legislation and developing strategic plans for its support and passage
navigating the budgetary process
brief and educate city council members and their staff on your issues

buffalo & western new yorkbolton st. johns has a unique understanding of the politics, history and business climate in western new york.
our experience is based on years of living and working in this community. we combine knowledge of the issues that are unique to buffalo with the experience and expertise to deliver results for our clients. being effective in western new york means crafting the right message and having the right relationships to deliver that message. bolton st. johns does both to help you achieve your goals.
bolton-st. johns delivers results in western new york by:
developing detailed strategies based on years of experience living and working in western new york
using our unique understanding of the politics, history and business climate in western and upstate new york to target your message
working with the buffalo mayor’s office, city council, comptroller’s office and the different city agencies
working with the erie county executive office, comptroller, county clerk, the 11 county legislators and the county agencies
working with the niagara county administration, as well as the administrations of other major western ny cities including rochester and syracuse

 

 
 






contact us


name *



company/organization 



email address *



subject *



message *








captchathis question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.




 

 






albanynew york citybuffalo & western new york 

 
 
  
