 








nittan europe limited - nittan group has been at the forefront of the fire protection industry since 1954.









































 

























subscribe to electronic communications




 



 



 

skip to content
home
news

case studies
elite partners
exhibitions
industry updates
products
team nittan


products

evolution analogue addressable
evolution panels
industrial products
evolution conventional
sensortec
ul listed spera system

spera series panels and panel modules
ul addressable devices
conventional devices




download

product brochure
bim models
evolution loop and battery calculator
evo loop calculator software
technical guidance sheet
terms & conditions


training
about us

policy statements and certificates

modern slavery statement
quality policy
privacy policy
qms certificate




contact
nittan oem
nittan elite

nittan elite distributor and elite partner map and contacts





 




 







 

 

 

 

 















 




🌟 important visitor from japan hq 🌟

 
 last week, we had the honor of welcoming mr. nakazawa to nittan europe. as a valued board member of nittan company limited, mr. nakazawa flew in from japan to personally address our uk-based team, sharing insights, good wishes, and support from hq. a huge thank you to mr. nakazawa for...					
read more »

 
 




intersec 2025

 
 ✨ what an incredible 3 days at intersec 2025! ✨ a huge thank you to everyone who stopped by the nittan europe booth, connected with our team, and explored our latest product range. your support and enthusiasm mean the world to us! 📢 stay tuned—exciting updates are on the way!...					
read more »

 
 




nittan europe christmas holidays notice 2024

 
 nittan europe will be closing for the christmas holidays on tuesday 24th december 2024 and re-open on thursday 2nd january 2025 please note: to ensure goods are dispatched from stock before the shutdown, purchase orders must be received by nittan europe before 1 pm on friday 20th december thank you...					
read more »

 
 
   
 






home
news
products
download
training
about us
contact
nittan oem
nittan elite
nittan europe limited is registered in england no 1057974  
© copyright 2023 nittan europe.
            
















 



this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. accept read moreprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










scroll up 









