






back yard beekeepers association | a club for the hobbyist beekeeper, based in southwestern connecticut








































home
swarms
about byba

board of directors
contact us
community services
our bee yard
wannabees


about honeybees
bee school
calendar of events

bee school
meetings & workshops


join byba
members

member’s portal
blog
byba videos
directory
resources


 


select page


  
 
 










welcome to the back yard beekeepers association








february workshops
saturday, 2/15, 10 am–hands-on hive workshop
join us for this open house style workshop to learn about the best ways to put your hive together & make it last, beekeeping accessories that you may want to add for the coming season & the basics of bear fences.  board members keith marsh, david blocher, and jan stranik will be on hand to answer all of your questions.
tuesday, 2/18, 6:30 pm –new bee fundamentals/special topics
join us for this monthly zoom session filled with timely topics for both new & seasoned beekeepers alike.  new bee fundamentals begins at 6:30 and, as the name suggests, is geared towards those in the first few years of beekeeping.  starting at 7:30 we switch to special topics which explores a wider variety of beekeeping related topics.  all levels of beekeepers are welcome at one or both sessions.  please bring your questions & stories of what you are seeing in your hives!







about us

“the mission of byba is to provide our membership with a forum for sharing knowledge and mutual interests in beekeeping, and to educate and promote the benefits of beekeeping to the public.“

welcome to the back yard beekeepers association. with over 400 members, our association has grown to become one of the nation’s largest regional clubs for beekeeping hobbyists. some of our members are just getting started as beekeepers, and some have enjoyed this hobby for years. all share an interest in the wonderful and remarkable world of the honey bee.






















the purpose of the byba is to provide our membership with interesting and practical information about honey bees and the “how-to’s” of beekeeping. the club also provides the general public with educational programs about honey bees and the benefits of bees and beekeeping in our communities.
the byba is a 501(c)3 non-profit, charitable organization.







pollinators sharing their environs – the roles of stressors in bee health

this presentation will present data from a three-year study that examined the interactions among honey bees, bumble bees, and solitary bees, to ask the question how a honey bee apiary impacts native bees. 
in cage experiments with limited forage, competition was generated among the three types of bees to ask about impacts on reproduction and interaction on flowers.  in the bear river mountains of utah in forest lands and private ranches, experiments were crafted to ask how an apiary with 48 colonies would impact the reproduction of sentinel bumble bee colonies and a solitary bee that nests in cavities.  in addition, the endemic native bees and flowers were monitored.  samples were also collected to assess viral pathogens and their impacts on the bees. 
additional data will be presented from the thesis of dr. mary-kate williams (a doctoral student co-advised by cox-foster) on the impacts of viral pathogens in the blue-orchard bee (osmia lignaria).   for the field studies, climate was found to have a major impact.  conclusions will be presented on how the carrying capacity of an area is very important and how multiple factors affect this for bees.

diana cox-foster is a research leader and entomologist at usda-ars pollinating insects research unit (piru) in logan, utah. piru focuses on biology, management, and systematics of all bee species. stakeholders include bee keepers, bee managers, growers who use apis and non-apis bees for pollination, and land managers of natural ecosystems. piru has the u.s. national pollinating insect collection, with research on conservation of bee biodiversity. cox-foster examines the impact of pathogens and pesticides on bee health, for honey bees, bumble bees, and solitary bees. cox-foster received a b. s. in entomology and zoology at colorado state university and a m.s. and ph.d. in entomology at university of illinois at urbana-champaign. cox-foster gained skills in molecular biology as a post-doc at vanderbilt university. in 1987, cox-foster joined penn state university as a faculty member and served as a full professor. at psu, cox-foster was one of the initial scientists responding to colony collapse disorder in honey bees and co-director of the ccd working team. she transitioned to usda-ars in october 2015.
please note: this meeting is in person and our speaker will be joining us virtually.  there is not an option for participants to join virtually.  please join us at 7 pm to allow time to socialize and chat with other members of the club.  our speaker presentation will begin at 7:30 pm.
if you are unable to join us, club members will be able to view this and past monthly meeting recordings in the members only portion of the website under byba presentations.







our general membership meetings are held on the last tuesday of most months at 7:30 pm at the norfield church in weston, ct. please see our calendar of events for details.



64 norfield rd weston, ct 06883





get in touch






name


email address


message






11 + 4 = 


submit









 










facebook


 











