



science literacy project


















 
home
contact us
log in
 





 




about the project
current, upcoming & past workshops
information for applicants
science journalism resources
 


 




the science literacy project workshop is an intensive, six-day training opportunity for mid-career public radio producers and reporters. 



what people say...

the "craft" sessions of the workshop have definitely stuck with me. they were really valuable in terms of story telling, creativity, sound, personality and emotion. 

"i'd like to thank soundvision for the opportunity to participate.  not only did i walk away with story ideas, overviews of critical areas of science, but also great contacts and friends.  it was a pleasure, and i would recommend it to any reporter eager to be better at the science beat."








news


coming: the next round science literacy workshops  

check back for more information when future workshops are planned. 




science literacy project highlights



workshop audio
listen to audio highlights.
water sustainabilitybridget scanlon discusses water sustainability.






chemistry: public perception versus chemical realitybrent iverson discusses the limits of scientific understanding.






astronomy and the popular pressdr. j. craig wheeler delves into "dark matter"






a primer in evolutiondaniel bolnick asks, "is evolution a fact?"













tip sheets
we've developed a series of science journalism tip sheets written by experts in the field. now you can read them online. learn how to identify a significant story, interpret a scientific study, make the most out of statistics, integrate diversity into reporting, and more:
lap dog or watch dog?bysallylehrmanoriginally, science journalists thought of themselves as "translators." they were big fans of science and they attempted to make it meaningful and accessible to the public.








copyright © 2005–2009, soundvision productions, inc.®. all rights reserved. funded by the u.s. department of energy.

 




