



rochester wiki - the people's guide to rochester



















user name:  password:  (new user)



front pagepeoplerecent changes







front page
info
talk





search:    





welcome to rocwiki, the people's guide to rochester, new york. this site is continually updated, expanded, and improved by people in rochester, ny because they want to share what they love or loathe about their city. you can search the site by using the box on the upper right of every page, or you can use the pre-sorted links below to go to the most popular sections. we encourage you to learn more and would welcome your help. since this is a community effort, please let us know if you have any concerns about the content of this site. 


you are rocwiki.  learn how to edit rocwiki or join our discussion list. congratulations to scotthendler on being our current damnhippy winner!!!


in support of the blm movement, a page has been created to spotlight black-owned businesses in rochester. please feel free to add businesses to this category!



explore
visiting




rocwiki tourists guide to rochester 




how to get to rochester, geography, places to stay 




guides, oddities, rochester cuisine 




day trips, conventions, tour, cruises 




genesee river valley, geography 



dining




restaurants, bars, street meat, water front 




grocery stores, farmer's markets 




bakeries, liquor stores, wineries, breweries 




ice cream, chocolate, subs 




coffeehouses 



playing




activities, music events 




arcades, pinball, movie theaters 




museums, art, play theatres 




improv, music scene 




sports, festivals 




parks 



community




chat about rochester, events board, wiki community 




city wishlist, optimism, pessimism, local slang 




business in the rochester region 




spiritual organizations 




activism, volunteer, nonprofit organizations 




community gardens 




life with kids, pet life, lgbt community 




online communities 



shopping




our comprehensive guide — rochester has a lot of cool little stores. check them out! 




malls, strip malls 




wegmans, farmers' markets 



living




housing guide, apartments 




utilities, government, politics 




suburbs 




city overview, city neighborhoods, city infrastructure 




wifi hot spots, transportation 




weather 



working




jobs, employers 




ride board, transportation 



health & education




hospitals, dentists, medical practices 




pharmacies 




schools, libraries 




barbershops, salons 



media




blogs, podcasts, websites, online communities 




film, radio, television 




books, newspapers, publications 



history




a general introduction 




development projects 




broken down by year 




famous residents



 




current events




important reminders





 none currently 



 
today's events rss  livejournal (what is this?) — see more on the events board! 


seasonal activities 





spring guide, summer guide, fall guide, winter guide 




 see also: regular events, festivals, holidays




add an event / subscribe 





events board 




calendars



 




interesting pages








town line plaza 




sewer fiber optic network 




tryon park 




good ideas for dates 




the rochester mirage 




cool houses 




pinball locations 




sam patch 




i don't know 




bike commuting








our state fish is the brook trout. they have been known to eat their own eggs at spawning time.






 

mystery picture





ready for a new mystery picture?! 


can you guess where this picture was taken? 


see mystery history for older mystery pictures. 









 

news

the rocwiki currently has 17020 pages and counting. 





2016-10-25: city newspaper awards rocwiki best local website 2016 - best of rochester 2016: local color 




2015-10-29: city newspaper awards rocwiki best local website 2015 - best of rochester 2015: local color 




2012-09-06: local reporter rachel barnhart wrote about us on her blog-the rochesterian! 




2011-03-16: city newspaper mentions rocwiki. 







 check out the wiki community/history for older news. 


 
 "the great have no friends. they merely know a lot of people." - ruth gordon 

 
except where otherwise noted, this content is licensed under a creative commons license.  see copyrights. 

