







lyrics.com





























login 

the stands4 network

abbreviations.com
anagrams.net
biographies.net
calculators.net
convert.net
definitions.net
grammar.com
literature.com
lyrics.com
phrases.com
poetry.com
quotes.net
references.net
rhymes.com
scripts.com
symbols.com
synonyms.com
uszip.com

 









in lyricsby artistby album 



#abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz  random new lyrics
 















in lyrics
by artist
by album



 






welcome to lyrics.com!



lyrics.com is a vast compilation of song lyrics, album details, and featured video clips for a seemingly endless array of artists — collaboratively assembled by our large music community and contributing editors.


easily navigate our lyrics and artist collection either alphabetically or by using our advanced query capabilities to search by keywords. you can follow your favorite artists, discuss and rate existing work, and translate pieces to almost any language.

submit new lyrics










 
								 
								 
								 pdf 
								 
								 playlist 
								 
							


it's beginning to look a lot like christmas







listen online

michael bublé




michael bublémichael bublé  



 follow
11 fans


michael bublé
michael steven bublé ( /ˈbuːbleɪ/; born 9 september 1975) is an italian canadian singer and actor. he has won several awards, including three grammy awards and multiple juno awards. his first album reached the top ten in canada and the uk. he found a worldwide audience with his 2005 album it's time… more »





5,794 views
 playlists:
#1











it's beginning to look a lot like christmas
ev'rywhere you go,
take a look in the five-and-ten, it's glistening once again
with candy canes and silver lanes that glow

it's beginning to look a lot like christmas
toys in ev'ry store,
but the prettiest sight to see is the holly that will be
on your own front door

a pair of hop-along boots and a pistol that shoots
is the wish of barney and ben,
dolls that will talk and will go for a walk
is the hope of janice and jen,
mom and dad can hardly wait for school to start again

it's beginning to look a lot like christmas
ev'rywhere you go,
there's a tree in the grand hotel, one in the park as well
it's the sturdy kind that doesn't mind the snow

it's beginning to look a lot like christmas
soon the bells will start
and the thing that will make them ring is the carol that you sing
right within your heart

it's beginning to look a lot like christmas
toys in every store
but the prettiest sight to see is the holly that will be
on your own front door

sure it's christmas, once a-more



 genre »

jazz 


 style »

easy listening 






 
									 
									 pdf 
									 
									 playlist


written by: meredith willson
lyrics © kobalt music publishing ltd.
lyrics licensed & provided by lyricfind




share your thoughts about lyrics.com with the community:









https://www.lyrics.com



newest
oldest
popular


450 comments





















0:00
0:00
 clear






 notify me of new comments via email.




publish








alyssas.99183worship song, writing my song make it rainlikereply3 months agomj.51322very much honoured to be here,having such a great array of possibilities,feeling really pro!likereply 56 months agorasheedjnri'm so happy to be herelikereply 27 months agolilgeelynn08love the lyricslikereply 59 months agodarrenj.16998was fantastic decades ago when it wasn’t overplayed to no end.likereply 81 year agochristy1115agree, i share your opinionlikereply 38 months agoshawnkinneyyeahlikereply 14 months agojessicac.71704i am so excited to try this out me and my bestie all ready made to songs and we are ready to sing them to everyonelikereply 41 year agomadeline_kwow just amazinglikereply 51 year agobdjehello, happy new year to everyonelikereply 71 year agomaster0carsonmagicnot anymorelikereply 19 months agodavis_bthe first noellikereply 71 year agokaitlynn_bthis is goodlikereply 61 year agomrs.abigaili'm speechless!likereply 41 year agospookeyyes this song is really coollikereply 51 year agokoohinur_rthanks for lyricslikereply 31 year agomacxanderthe song is from a bold male singer who only sings two lines in the song, more i don’t knowlikereply 11 year agouser69i love how you can find all your favourite songs by any artist i am so glad that i found this websitelikereply 121 year agoendless-sadit hits so deep when you understand the lycrislikereply 21 year agomelwyn_ti am glad that i found this amazing website! awesome!likereply 11 year agok9gaif you find lyrics that are meaningful, they can strengthen your life, give you something to strive for, and bring peace to your life.likereply 81 year agorapman400cool are y'all artists to people in commentslikereply 11 year agobellakable2010no, but i am becoming onelikereply1 year agojessicaispopularsame!likereply 11 year agojasona.33277this site is awesome, the only down side is that not all of my favorite artists are on here.likereply 101 year agok9galyrics are fun! they can inspire you and bring you closer to the music. enjoy!likereply 61 year agomarquisa.88294i love this site. it also has gospel songs for my church can sing along tolikereply 41 year agolynn_mxxthis site looks very interestinglikereply 61 year agojoehellthis is goodlikereply 41 year agoelina.olove itlikereply 61 year agofoxxii am looking for the lyrics of this songdanielle d.i. - round a backcan anybody help?likereply 11 year agocottonpicker69this song ruleslikereply 21 year agodannielle21hello everyone. i need help finding this song! i heard this song playing in the background of a funny video.  i tried searching up the lyrics but the song doesn't show up. the song in the video sounds like a country song. i'm desperate to find the song. if anyone can help me, i'd much appreciate it! the lyrics are: lonely again tonight, lonely again tonight, enough to make this strong man want to cry, it just don't seem right to be this lonely again tonight. it ain't cuz i ain't been tryin to find somebody more »likereply 51 year agoseder_swhere am i, why was i born, where am i going, where will i find, the explanation of what it is to live and what i amlikereply 11 year agodantem.06627only god knowslikereply 11 year agokhamenelisomebody help me to find out the title of this song pleeease!likereply 41 year agojules_17i love you so much! i love ur song!likereply 81 year agoelina.olyrics.com is the bestlikereply 102 years agoseonna_cwhat a marvellous tune i am flabbergasted by the beauty of this masterpiece i play it all day everyday and im learning it on my clarinetlikereply 42 years agomaryjane_pwhat a fantastic post! this blog is so full of useful information i can’t wait to dig deep and start utilizing the resources you have given melikereply 102 years agowillsbeen trying to find the artist who sang "you'll do", female, comedy, around 2005ish... pretty sure the album cover was pink as welllikereply 72 years agobabe_li do believe that it is stephen lynchlikereply 22 years agolilcodai love your guys app gives me so much freedom so i could just write whatever song that comes to my mind and it's crazy i love you guys and it's so easy it's just so funlikereply 42 years agotylergsi'm looking for an old country won't where a man destroys his ex's things and in the course he talks about turning there home into a crater with dynamitelikereply 32 years agosebasdionrulesloved him as a child and i still dolikereply 122 years agobarbiejvickersi'm looking for an older country song with these lyrics in it, "they take you for a ride run out of gas most of the time there a pain in the a-ass men let's talk about men" and it's by a female country artist. more »likereply 72 years agoitzlaylait might be called:talk about menlikereply 52 years agotakethewingsoffamothwhat is the song which goes hey hey heey and has whistling in it, and the whistling sounds similar to the old smile direct club whistling as in before it had 'smile direct club' sang at the beginning of the advert more »likereply 82 years agoitzlaylathats: hey soal sister by: trainlikereply 62 years agoannan.18331i love the song arcade by duncan laurence. i just recently went through a breakup, and i belt out this song with my friends whenever i am upset about him. makes me upset and happy all at the same time. (loving you is a losing game, ohhhhhhhh) more »likereply 232 years agobakudekui love the song so much i made a fan club fo the song and him as well.likereply1 year agooliviam.94164i love that song as well. sorry bout your breakup life will do that to you but you gotta keep your head up. shows confidence...likereply1 year agonirvinim looking for a song but i don't know the name"don't need to deny hurt and the lies and all of the things you did to me"likereply 62 years agoagai_sciao adios by anne marielikereply 52 years agotigsy11hello! can anyone please help me find this song - it has a chill / house music vibe to it and the chorus lyrics are either “own desire” or “home desire” repeated many times. thanks!likereply 52 years agojellyfish1freed from desirelikereply 12 years agomiraclegrant55i’m looking for a wedding song maybe. it talks about beauty and money fades away or goes away something like that. and it song by a woman.likereply 42 years agogizelle_hi'm looking for a sing with the following lyrics "i've got to let you know that you mean the world to me, she's my future wife and the mother of my kids" most probably released around 2009 or later more »likereply 52 years agoannan.18331you mean the world to me by toni braxtonlikereply 52 years agopi4a7alooking for an old bass drop track probably earlier than 2012. i don't think there were any lyrics, i remember at the beginning a voice shouting "dj luminous" (the only lyrics the track has as far as i remember) and bass drops.i recreated sample of the first few seconds  onlinesequencer / 2058123it goes like this sample - bass drop - sample - bass dropi searched the whole yt/sc for bass drops/bass tests/dj luminous videos and nothing... more »likereply 32 years agoeasy_di heard this song in the movie "circle" by berkir kulozu "2020"  movie about gangs, mob bosses and wannabees... a slow sad female vocalist romantic song, slow piano love songpartial lyrics: leave me  if i make you sad and blue,leave me if you think my lifes not true but what can i saytried to "shazzam" it nothing popped up, also tried "sound hound" again nothing..love the song but can't find the title or singer more »likereply 63 years agoosijesmediajust love how big the brand still stay focused up to datelikereply 53 years agokeishi love this songlikereply 63 years agomcpizzaalex chilton by the replacementslikereply 23 years agoisabela_mthis was so good i sang this to myselflikereply 123 years agosampondersi'm looking for a song that's in my head but can't remember the lyrics or the artist.  the singer/main character is male. he's sitting in a bar admiring a pretty woman but laments that he's married.  it's kind of country and like of pop-music.  thanks for your help. more »likereply 73 years agovaleriep.83888me too! i’m going to carry a notepad with me & next time the lyrics go through my head, i’ll write them down, so i can look it up, here. i’m your case, listen to radio stations and search music on tv, maybe you’ll run into it again! more »likereply 93 years agomatt_rare you thinking of "anything goes" written by my friend brice long? (sung by randy houser)likereply 93 years agoskylar_2113kenny roggers - lucillelikereply 63 years agospencerei know it! "honey im good" by andy grammer, he went to the highschool where i used to live!likereply 52 years agofoxi_svery nice song lyrics thankslikereply 73 years agoloveleen_tthis is best song i hear .thanks for sharing the lyricslikereply 73 years agoviashipsbakudeku1such a nice site.likereply 103 years agojim_dormergreat site that works superblylikereply 83 years agolaqoi found it!! rhythm corp: solidarity. whew...i was going to go crazy!likereply 263 years agomuggermansamelikereply 263 years agopartypanda9123i love all the songslikereply 144 years agoestelle.mapaderunomg  i love ❤️ every songlikereply 184 years agoestelle.mapaderunwowlikereply 144 years agojust_a_musiclover2000nicelikereply 134 years agojschlattssideburnshello! i need some help finding this song. its getting popular on tik tok. it goes "im gonna be just like you, no matter what you say i cant do(some other lyrics) big brother im just like youu" thanks! more »likereply 144 years agospencereits caleed "big brother im just like you"likereply 62 years agoisabella-calubi love this song!!likereply 134 years agodiandra_lwow!best freakin' song man.better than wut i write.likereply 124 years agoaudrey_pi love the song rockstar!!!!!!! i have been listening to it since i was 2 years oldlikereply 84 years agolillian_yi’m not sure if this is right, but i think it’s look at me by charlie puth!likereply 84 years agostanley4476i need all of your help desperately!  i have this song lyric in my head and i can't get it out!  it's either "now look at me, i'm all alone, or it's "now look at me, your all alone."  it's driving me crazy and i've looked everywhere for it! more »likereply 74 years agosebasdionrulestry the artist it might helplikereply 23 years agoearnestine_kit goodlikereply 44 years agolyricstubesthis is a one of the craziest song of cardi blikereply 64 years agosukhpreet_snice lyricslikereply 74 years agoisabella_mlove me till the day i dieevery single little lielove me forget mehope you never miss meyou loved mebut you forgot about meohhhhhh ohhhhhyeahyou broke meyou hurt meso badhow can i not for get about, what you did to mebut now you wanna come and save meoh no, no, no ,no, noboy, no don’t come near medon’t come save me more »likereply 94 years agolouannneed help to find name of song that has the words ( " your never there for me").likereply 54 years agoeseala3vif it’s chavvy it’ll be never there for me by mc pat flynn if it’s not then it’s probs breathe by boy cantrelllikereply1 year agodonniehelp me find the lyrics for ‘nothing i can do’ by john astin. thanks anyone.likereply 34 years agohelpmefindthissongi can’t find a song. it’s a metalcore song that has a line maybe i could be a good doctor and then i think it say someday i should be a good lawyer. right now. i think that’s what it says. the youtube music video has around 1 million views and the music vid is animated more »likereply 54 years agosagan_gi'm trying to look for an electronic dj song that has a female singer. here are some snippets i remember:"hey, we got..." (electronic voice ->)"oh le e ne, snoo-il" ()"o-ooii-o-oo-e-e-e-i" ()"oh le e ne, snoo-il" ()"o-ooii-o-oo-e-e-e-i" ( more »likereply 64 years agoskylar_2113get lucky pharrel williamslikereply 13 years agoyasoshilikereply 64 years agosophiabi love this song because its proudful and i'm a girllikereply 74 years agochar.schoolyesssssssssss i also love this songgggg its such a good song am also a girl and now its in my head lollikereply 24 years agocodered1356goodstufflikereply 34 years agomickmackyou have grate lyricslikereply 64 years agocorinne_llooking for a techno song from 99-02 that was on napster. the girls in the song says "close your eyes and come with me. i'll take you to ecstacy ". please help. been searching for yearslikereply 34 years agomichael.jackare you talking about the control group? "dance with me"?likereply 34 years agoaadiiishaqsongs lyrics in hindilikereply 34 years agomcpizzanot very specific but are you looking for dishwalla jinda veda tatva?likereply 13 years agoaadiiishaqteri choriyaan lyrics in hindilikereply 34 years agonari37nicevisit morelikereply 34 years agoboth_ythat song was firelikereply 54 years agoavatar_ki love itttttttlikereply 44 years agoalcinai love this song because its proudful and i'm a girllikereply 24 years agogiraffequeenthank you for making me memorize playdate lyrics by melanie martinez because eit was stuck in my head lol and i love to sing so.likereply 74 years agolondyn_glondon i'm a big fan of songslikereply 54 years agofree_ithank you for the very useful information. know the benefits of kratom leavesthank you for the very useful information.likereply 44 years agolexanni_gi like the sing yummylikereply 34 years agokatlyn_kyes me toolikereply 24 years agor_ci don't like any of these songs lollikereply 34 years agomakbulahmad12i to much like songlikereply 44 years agoparminder_si think that it would be better if some of the words where changeu have for now if you don't have a ton of note so your paper is not done remember that soread morelikereply 34 years agokatlyn_kit is the words for me too likereply 14 years agobaebaekid_1well damn, you don't have to be rude or even make a comment about it!! like damn, give the song a break.you must like it a little bit because you commenting on it.likereply 44 years agotimp.43269good pointlikereply2 months ago@kapixz#1this song is a tribute to the gay community and should not reflect beyonce's style of song or the quality of her music.likereply 24 years agokatlyn_ki don't like the songlikereply 44 years agodamian_dwhy did you said it like itlikereply4 years agogenesis_fokkklikereply 14 years agoshariyah_bi really don’t like this songlikereply 84 years agokarlei_mignore that ok i think that it would be better if some of the words where changed likereply4 years agomarisol_ji dont like it either likereply 54 years agomarisol_jyeah me too i quesslikereply4 years agokarlei_mi think it was oklikereply 24 years agomelody_1i dont like this song sorrylikereply 34 years agodamian_dme too it is not myfavorite song at all sorrycardi blikereply 14 years agobeeeeeonsayinayalikereply 14 years agoinaya#333hilikereply 44 years agomurtone76hilikereply 34 years agokatlyn_khilikereply 14 years agodamian_dhilikereply4 years agomurtone76how are youlikereply 14 years agozakyla_mwhylikereply 24 years agoruban rehamold is gold, i think lyrics.com is first website of world who provide lyrics at first. likereply 24 years agonimkara nawaminasuperlikereply 24 years agoaryauanayes girl yeslikereply 24 years agoshairmainethis is cool u knoe its has always been my dream to be a singer and a songwritterlikereply 14 years agohorse saddlerynice website to learn the words of the songs.likereply 24 years agominai wanna be a boy :llikereply 54 years agomidnighti can't make songs it's lyrics where i learn the songslikereply 54 years agorinatyou can start playing with our song lyrics generator here: https://www.lyrics.com/song-lyrics-generatorlikereply 24 years agoalien_foxoof 0-0likereply 14 years agofnafthefanhow i make a new songlikereply 14 years ago---------my passwords are always the first letter of many words of a certain songs (example: "we are living in a material world" would become waliamw). and i wrote down butgaoijwftm, but i forgot what song i got those letters from. i have desperate to find them for weeks. can anyone tell me if they can find a match? more »likereply 34 years agobryancool sitelikereply 24 years agoanita mishranice website overalllikereply 44 years agoraul dominguez lopezcuando brilla una luz nade es comparable. vivo por la vida!!likereply4 years agomonica maher demertsidishideaway benearh the sealikereply 14 years agoalwx martinanyone know a rap song  where there's a guy and girl and one of the girls like is "please don't come and tell me"likereply4 years agostands4try ask our community here:https://www.lyrics.com/help-me-find-the-song.phplikereply4 years agohaleei think its rnb by young dolphlikereply4 years agoeddie b penohow can i add lyrics to an visual for instance when you play a song on spotify an the lyrics pop up. how can i make this happen,by the way i already have lyrics on lyricfindlikereply4 years agomark jonesi like the songlikereply 54 years agodavid littlesemolinahi, i would like to find the song by take 6, where the bass sings long ta-ta-ta-ta-ta in the beginning. can you please help?likereply 14 years agolyricadmin.comoh is this it?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iik25wqiufolikereply4 years agochris abelr and b song from 2019 it’s a white girl. some of the lyrics... please get the f*** out my face not trying... video has her and a guy think going through a breakup. can’t remember the name help pleaselikereply4 years agojoão coelhoi need help does anyone know a song that in the begining has (probably) a black guy singing "umbali umbali (pause) umbali umbali" its a famous song but i cant rememberlikereply4 years agodavidbcan it be?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v73zl4vjl-olikereply4 years agoangel vetranoi'm a lyricist  ...i can write words for any topic ...likereply 14 years agovkeyi need good american song writter, where can i get?likereply 14 years agoeunice nnenna nwankwoi'm a songwriter, hit me uplikereply 34 years agokatgirl999don't listen 2 her she is an idiot! ur r awesome girl!likereply4 years agotharindu himashgmlikereply 24 years agochiengrun chuol dojiokso coollikereply 24 years agostands4:-)likereply4 years agoçútè ßøy hãsífúlnicelikereply 34 years agostands4thanks çútè!likereply4 years agoelison mattos leãowhy i click for miss adventure ac/dc song and opens this?likereply 34 years agoelizabeth maxwell fordi know a man who can lyricslikereply 14 years agoronald thomaslyrics for only here for a little whilelikereply 14 years agostands4here: https://www.lyrics.com/lyric/7611410/billy+dean/only+here+for+a+little+whilelikereply 14 years agoalexandru melniciucin the army nowlikereply 14 years agostands4there you go:https://www.lyrics.com/lyrics/in%20the%20army%20nowlikereply4 years agobert gedin"it's springtime, it's springtime, the - - -  - - - - -"likereply 14 years agoclint joneslouie, louielikereply 14 years agostands4here:https://www.lyrics.com/lyrics/louie%2c%20louielikereply4 years agobev stretchesthankslikereply 14 years agostands4you're most welcome, bev!likereply4 years agoadnan saddukwow! that's amazing! please sen me more of your lyrics database!likereply 24 years agojorge baselga sorianohi friends, can anyone tell me where to get the lyrics to billy price's east end avenue? thanks in advancelikereply4 years agoemebat anebawheylikereply4 years agobetty pattersoncan anyone tell me where to go to look for the lyrics to wilf carter's a little shack i can always call my own ?likereply 14 years agowilliam piercedianelikereply4 years agodiane benzleri remeber a song from the 1960's, i can't remember his last name, but i think his first name was bobby. he had a song with the sea shore in the background, can anyone remember the title?likereply4 years agodominic o brienit's called beyond the sea. bobby darin.likereply4 years agowendy lemusthe title is beyond the sealikereply4 years agoeric olsonexcellent site for getting inspirations to write in a card or just let your mind wanderlikereply 34 years agostands4thanks eric, we truly appreciate your warm feedback...likereply 14 years agojim bronkei do not get the lyrics i am looking for.likereply5 years agodonna garmondo you have to pay for any song lyricslikereply5 years agostands4hi donna, there is no need to pay in order to view the lyrics on the lyrics.com website.likereply5 years agofrank paul barbergreat site for lyrics!likereply 25 years agostands4thanks frank! appreciated...likereply5 years agobipod goraii want to join that website,please help me............likereply 15 years agostands4sure, feel free to become a member here:https://www.lyrics.com/signup.phplikereply5 years agoravi vermagoodlikereply 25 years agostands4thanks ravi!likereply5 years agosukey darlintoni'm very good when it comes to writing songs lyrics. i am from nigeria and can be constantly writing african songs lyrics to you if i will get paid for it. for instance i just uploaded an african music highlife, check it and give me your review. song title : matadorartist : late chief stephen osita osadebeminded the song and wrote down the lyrics real good. i need a lyrics writing job more »likereply5 years agomaya johi love frozen<3likereply 35 years agoall about hindinice i love this songlikereply 25 years agostands4;-)likereply5 years agokrizzel mae velasconice i love this songlikereply 25 years agostands4(y)likereply5 years agonouman riaznicelikereply 25 years agostands4thanks nouman!likereply 15 years agonataniel guerra cruz ticoollikereply 25 years agoitss sharly sharlottenyclikereply5 years agodukardo konkatehi everybody who know?from 1973 or 74,  a black male singer who sing 9.35minuteslonglikereply5 years agocin pbwuuuwuuulikereply5 years agocin pbte amolikereply5 years agopeter malcolmopens up my memory of the good song days of the 30/40slikereply5 years agoian r braddon-parsonstorrid noiselikereply5 years agoeduardo xtlvfealikereply 15 years agodawn skyewords to song called you and you and you aloeha .tialikereply5 years agodawn skyewords to song called crystall chandelierlikereply5 years agomedousa floatinghi does anyone know the lyrics to frankie paul’s “caroline”?likereply 25 years agostands4here: https://www.lyrics.com/sublyric/66681/frankie+paul/carolinelikereply5 years agomedousa floatingthank you so much!how about "pin in the ocean" by black roots, by any chance...?likereply5 years agodoug kirkhamwhat is the most requested song lyric ever?likereply 15 years agostands4good question... on lyrics.com it's:https://www.lyrics.com/lyric/5638866/simon+%26+garfunkel/the+sound+of+silencelikereply5 years agoalyvia stevensanyone know the song that has the lryics "he doesn’t know that is not his fault, because they blamed it on him from the start" in it?likereply 15 years agostands4prologue by sunroof:https://www.lyrics.com/sublyric/66315/sunroof/prologuelikereply5 years agoburak canöööbnöggönöhnögböbööööööööööööööööööööööööööööööööööööölikereply5 years agoalp scotteğvele eğvele hübele hebelelikereply5 years agojohnny lopezi take it buy the responses i’m getting that people think i’m talking about a certain song. let me rephrase. does this site have administrators or site monitors to help the new guy out? most sites have faqs but if that doesn’t help, then what? so if i see a 20 year old song that has the lyrics incorrect how do i change it or who do i contact or where do i find answers more »likereply 25 years agojohnny lopezmaybe i'm missing it but is there a specific way to suggest lyric corrections?likereply 25 years agorashii khanlove this songlikereply 15 years agohelen kaneafter the first hellolikereply5 years agocaitlin smithi’m writing it out nowlikereply 15 years agocaitlin smithlove this song my fave now ❤️❤️❤️❤️likereply 15 years agomischa dambacherwho sings this song? i'm look for name of artist and title of the song..i’ve been working my way through the pain insideand at least how many times i tried alonei just can’t let you goi’ve been trying to reach you in my dreamsbut by now i know that at last it seems …i just can’t let you goi just can’t let you gocan’t let you walk away from meleave me standing here alonei just need you to be hereto take me homeno i can’t turn the page aroundsee me lost where you were foundi just can’t let you goi just can’t let you go more »likereply5 years agoeikkie shaquilleits working my way back to youlikereply5 years agoadenize marqueslewis capaldi - fadelikereply5 years agochristine eliasi see the pretty you dont seelikereply5 years agovictor gjölgang ganglikereply 25 years agoisha doll basdlikereply5 years agowilliam lauwhat's the song name that has the lyrics oooh oooh oooh oooh this is gonna be my dream? the lyrics may be wrong. the singer is a female.likereply5 years agobarbara rowleyhouse of the risin sunlikereply 25 years agojoyce allen baumgardnerthree, six, ninethe goose drank winethe monkey chewed tobacco on the streetcar linethe broke. the monkey got chocke. and they all went to heavenin a little row boat more »likereply 35 years agokatgirl999the clapping song by shirley ellislikereply4 years agotiamiyu adewale adesola nuraenii also love the citation of music on this porta.likereply 25 years agoevelyn sagarblumperfidy. lyricslikereply 25 years agojoyce allen baumgardnerdo you mean perfidialikereply5 years agokimberly turikseriously????? i was looking for a country song containing the word chapel......this is your idea????? you get what you pay for.  this was beyond disappointing.likereply 35 years agofeb ruary iinice onelikereply 25 years agodurgesh sharmahany singlikereply 25 years agodave rheini hope worklikereply 25 years agosara michelle molinamy lovelikereply 25 years agodonna schwindtlove it !likereply 15 years agomaryann quillobeso nicelikereply 15 years agoján liam bendoyou dont have miroslav zbirka in artist!!!!!!!!!!!likereply 15 years agoján liam bendoyou add that lyrics yesterdaylikereply5 years agoheather townleytrying to track down a rap song. it would have been around the second half of 2018. all i can remember is bits and pieces of the film clip. it was set perhaps in a jungle or wooded area at night. lots of girls dressed in horror/scarey/definitely dark svene. i am sure the rapper used words like night terrors/night mares. not halsey. and i think maybe the girls were torturing him or killing him. i sawon australian music show abc rage at aroumd 3 in the morning. also remember arina grande song with nikki minaje the light is coming? was p layed either just before or after. if anybody can work this out and either know or understand what i am looking for. you are a bloody legend and i owe you one. cheers more »likereply5 years agonyle rhimagine dragons - natural ?likereply5 years agored breezyhow do i edit a song i just submitted or add info on it?likereply 15 years agotushar bamankecan anyone please put lyrics of this songhttps://youtu.be/hjjh-g-sdemno idea ,what song name is .... that's y asking with youtube video linkplease some body answer melikereply5 years agoernst hoffmann-rumersteinfernandolikereply5 years agojennifer davies willislooking for a song. country, female artistno child of mine shall live in darkness  while i have light to givrno child shall suffer thirst ad long as i shsll live.no child, no child of minethis is what i'm living for.... more »likereply5 years agofr.george thankacheni am looking for the lyrics of the english song ahimsa  sung by kj yesudas .likereply 15 years agoricky tracywhoo whooo!likereply 15 years agosharon barberlooking for an old song "take it ti the river one last timelikereply5 years agosharon barberi want to clarify something--the song i was looking for was "take it to the limit"  :)likereply 15 years agolynn gilbert steigersharon barber it’s by the eagles.likereply5 years agoquesada moya franciscola vida es aire i lo mismo viene que se valikereply 35 years agoajeet kumari loved the name of the song...atblikereply 15 years agojeon jungkookie polinarhahahhalikereply 15 years agoanne duboislooking for a song. it's a male singer and there are children in rhe background playing and laughing:( i think this is the bridge or chorus) hurry up child haven't got much time to grow up child hurry up child leave those toys behind grown ups are expecting you to look and think and act the way they do more »likereply 25 years agomarianne alexiadislooking for a song about a heartbroken woman talking to a doctor and he says she's really ill. in the video she dies and comes back singing to her cheating partner.likereply5 years agokaren eslingerlooking for a song that says i know my lord has walked this road sometime before melikereply5 years agoleeloo multipassplease help to find a song i'm looking for over 10 years.a man tells his story (it's not a typical song, just a text with music, unrhymed), the text is very ironic, however he is not happy :)the plot: he found himself in a different city, got drunk and met a girl and so on. the only words i remember from the song: "i lost my wallet". please :) more »likereply5 years agomignote tadessedon't by ed sheeran?likereply5 years agoleeloo multipassunfortunately not, over 10 years ago that song didn't existlikereply5 years agosandra l cainlyrics about i'm done god show yourselflikereply 15 years agogerald teskeyd d damn goodlikereply5 years agorodgers ja brownawesomelikereply 15 years agoyvonne perkinsi just added a song to the website. however, it was difficult to select category. can i suggest adding something to reflect christian i.e.christian, gospel, contemporary gospel, r & b gospel, spiritual, inspiration, uplifting etc. i'm sure others struggle with the same issue in trying to add new lyrics.  thank you so much.  love the site. more »likereply 15 years agoholly boicecan't put my finger on the sample i hear on warrant's  big talk in the chorus.  someone has a similar riff. maybe early 90's.  can someone help?likereply5 years agokrishna giri goswamifree dogelikereply5 years agoleopoldo pinageniuslikereply5 years agoadrienne madejdoes anyone know the words to,"rainy blue memory day" by the 60's group, the collage?? it's old and i can't find them. thankslikereply 15 years agoadrienne madejthank you so very much for these almost impossible to find lyrics!!!! to look up more old songs like this, where and how do i do it?? thanks, adrienne- 60.xvbzpam.60@ gmail.comlikereply5 years agoawere richardhow do i add my song lyrics to this page for educational purposes? god bless you.likereply 15 years agorichard pattoni wish to add this site to my list but i get a js error!likereply 25 years agolevan kvijinadzestands4 please help to find a song, rap (r & b) song main text is "say my love"likereply5 years agoshaun guptaheard a song on the radio a while back (a sirius channel, possibly bpm) and cannot for the life of me find what it is.  these lyrics are paraphrased, unfortunately, and may have lines in between or not be 100% accurate, but they should be reasonably close.  any help appreciated!  "when we were five, we fought against the dark.ten years later, we broke our hearts.we were brothers in arms [this line recurs quite a bit.]" more »likereply5 years agojeffery l. glidewell"brothers in arms" by dire straits?likereply 25 years agoshaun guptajeffery l. glidewell thanks, but nope.  this was a fast-paced dance song with many different lyrics.  (at first i thought, maybe a weird remix...but it's definitely not it lyrically either.)likereply5 years agoabdullah faizcan someone tell me the title of this song in the ending part of this video https://youtu.be/soeryvr4qf8 please..just hear from 5:58 and tell me.likereply5 years agobeth landican someone tell me the title of the song with these lyrics in it please?  "who are you gonna fight for, who are you gonna to die for, who are you gonna live for?"likereply5 years agoaaron chenbryn christopher - the questlikereply5 years agohieng chetrai have just posted the lyrics of a song by frida boccaralikereply5 years agoalvamir pintoi have just posted the lyrics of a song by frida boccara (l'enfant aux cymbales), based on bach's cantata jesus, joy  of man's desiring.it is a piece of poetry by vinicius de moraes.likereply 15 years agolarry p mackcoollikereply 25 years agoro ni elhilikereply 15 years agojaina claire pitogowelikereply5 years agokenneth m. likandohi guys!likereply 15 years agodeasia williamshi and gnlikereply5 years agophibion mhlangagood nightlikereply5 years agodesirea campbellgood morninglikereply5 years agojenevy salandona advincula alundaygood morning why you'relikereply 15 years agowenice mzansiwelllikereply5 years agojoshua bautistameee tooolikereply 35 years agophebe djialeugood evening please can i have the lyrics of the song (i've got a made up mind i'm gonna serve the lord)likereply5 years agomadafa ka sanaoh yeahlikereply 25 years agonirankush daswe have a lot in common lets b friends :)likereply 35 years agozohaib naazi want layrics of some songs.can you please provede me???likereply5 years agoemilie lanquetotlove itlikereply 35 years agojoyline christine mhlanga-masiyazinicelikereply 15 years agomaureen cramerdavid alexandralikereply5 years agonelma streyi remember this song growing up.  i would go out behind my house to hand up the laundry and sing it at the top of my lungs.  i still love it.likereply 25 years agocameron dobbieits coollikereply 25 years agogeoffrey kranitzfantastic resource!  but to be sure of one word and have to go through 14,000+ entries -many repeating , is grueling! at least adding search by decade and by style would narrow it down.likereply 15 years agoalannah yarberryomg amazing can i use this song as my ownlikereply 15 years agofrank johnsonim practising singing, i really want to be in a bandlikereply 15 years agofrank johnsonhey guys this is my first time on this so please tell me how tolikereply 15 years agoandy binglooking for a song; its not a song until it takes you apart. i think sung by dave pope in 1990`slikereply5 years agotariqul islam romjani love songs ???likereply 15 years agoelizabeth pimenteloh girl that feeling of safetylikereply5 years agocain nukecould anybody please get me the lyrics for this song? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bpkvrimjim i cant find it anywhere!likereply5 years agoagnesaaronsongs are inspiringlikereply 25 years agosimona forensethis site is ridiculous.  i selected "hard as a rock" by ac/dc and f***ing coldplay came up... wtf?likereply 36 years agoaalam baadshahaalamlikereply6 years agodavid palkim looking for songs like teddy bear  no muscielikereply6 years agodonald heard jri’m looking for a song that was playing in a pilot episode of new york undercover in a scene where the dj was playing at a party before the dj switched it up to the slow song called close the door.likereply6 years agojomar monterey cerenorlikereply6 years agoelifas mulipohamba paamazinglikereply 16 years agodavid mcleanyou do not have good gospel songs this no goodlikereply 16 years agoian edward macindoelogin & password on this site is hopeless.likereply 16 years agoian edward macindoesee my comment for laughing boy sung by carmen mcrealikereply 16 years agojody murillob*tches throw rose pedals everywhere i walklikereply6 years agoevelyn sue mckinneyyou need to praylikereply 16 years agoimran ali siddiquiilove to sing n watchlikereply 26 years agowebb c chandlerperfect i think i will use some words for songlikereply 16 years agoalfonso vonscheidtgreat song!likereply 26 years agomallu chouhanthanks so muchlikereply 26 years agobob leeso glad i found you. thanks!likereply 16 years agocathy bryantthanks so much andlikereply 16 years agosarjerao karandesarjerao karandelikereply6 years agonikolaj rømermnlikereply6 years agomichael parrishif god didn't make little green apples then it don't snow in minneapolis in the winter time.,there's no such thing as dr. zoos. mother goose no nursery riymes.noelikereply6 years agoklodi skenderaj mklong life big albania ,likereply6 years agomarilyn r loutherbocelli singslikereply6 years agomostafa el kholyit's elvislikereply6 years agoallen l russellit's limited. gospel. love song.likereply6 years agosusan gorvettwith you   ghostlikereply 26 years agoyolanda crawfordcan they find a song title with just one line of the lyricslikereply 16 years agoyolanda crawfordare you going to answer my question or do i need to look some where else.likereply6 years agoalyssa baldwinyes they can if they cheat hunlikereply6 years agoadelson sorrentinoi believe solikereply6 years agoalphaniel prince solaiman samlingi love thislikereply 16 years agoherman van rossumi am looking for a the song  sweet  surender. john denver.  can't find it and all the other songs are translated in dutch. how  can they do that? can  you help me please. thanks a lot. hermanlikereply6 years agotony backlash williamshttps://youtu.be/sdl8c5dtqdklikereply6 years agotina blanchettetrying so hard to find the sign, sign, song arlo gulikereply6 years agomahendra saxenamere sanamlikereply 16 years agojoje maeone waylikereply 16 years agoalebiosu azeez olayinkasurelikereply 16 years agocharles collinsi love that song happy birth day alwayslikereply 26 years agorichard oliveri'll never fiorget old what's her name?likereply6 years agojosef rossrecorded by lynda rhonda's mentions "methadone ".likereply 16 years agoeden josephine l. davidlike their song everyday many people.adjust meaninng while singing of bohemian...likereply 16 years agoeden josephine l. davidlike rocking you bohemian from london!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!likereply 16 years agoajinkya pandelove this song lyricsofsongworld.blogspot.comlikereply6 years agojohevah vidallove the songlikereply 16 years agodanny stricklandmy voice is a dreamlikereply 26 years agodanny stricklandya got menow lyrics oh lonesome melikereply 16 years agovicente aguilar arcaplease try to prepare activities with the song, so we can work with our studentslikereply 16 years agoandrew arisathe day is thine, the night also is thine; thou hast prepared the light and the sun.                 song is thine!likereply 16 years agokerrie bernardmhmmlikereply 16 years agoshanmuga pandiyangdlikereply 16 years agonyaranga juniorthats nicelikereply 26 years agolirikwesternindoyes amazing lyrics and song: terjemahan lirik shallowlikereply 16 years agoowow ediwowwow its so nicelikereply 16 years agosteve mechleryour new website is user friendly  the old one was 100% better.likereply6 years agocarlos revilino gomes sagoodlikereply 26 years agoajunal gee kanox simoorewoooooooolikereply 26 years agoivan payadeoklikereply 16 years agotyniesha throweroklikereply 26 years agoamy robertsoiiiiii hiii peepslikereply 16 years agofernando dahuyahahahalikereply 16 years agogerman r. gapacgod will make a waylikereply6 years agobeverly b. weissvery helpful.likereply 16 years agonadir alhassangat to have it now ..waawwwwwlikereply 16 years agoteshimame jihalove thislikereply 36 years agohaji bashirnice songlikereply 16 years agojean perlesthese  land  is  minelikereply 16 years agotracie abramstupid lyricslikereply6 years agoaune iiyambolove this song especially the part that says we spent the late nights making things right between uslikereply 16 years agogwezel laine caseresmag baliklikereply 16 years agojudi campbellol langsinelikereply 16 years agocheryl shewmake danielsfind song toys for girls and boys who want to play at lovelikereply6 years agoellen wisejust love this strange song.  the lyrics don't always seem to mean a lot, but do they have to?  no.likereply 16 years agotroy bonhamwhat?? i am fairly certain he is singing about choosing the dark one.likereply 16 years agonelum pushpasirithis is most helpful but should add most original verson of all artist.likereply 16 years agoslametto martotarunoit's helplikereply 26 years agoeniale antonio quitaligiiliikeittlikereply 26 years agojb gujjar#punjabisongslikereply6 years ago浅野照男bluehawaiilikereply6 years agowilliam henry burgessi've been trying to find a song. i think it might be by or at least have project pat in it. has to be before 2008. it might have been a remix but it says something like pill pill popper mister mister popper catch me in the bar buying bottle after bottle drinking down perrier down to the last drop never gonna quit and i'm never gonna stop. friends used to listen to it and i loved the bass in it but never could find it. please. help. lol. more »likereply 16 years agowilliam henry burgessthe lyrics apparently are been a pill popper, been a pistol popper if that helps.likereply6 years agomichael comeauso, i just logged in to lyrics.com to look up a song that i needed. pretty blown away that they would have, on their home page, the lyrics to "lil pump" by gucci gang. i don't profess to be ultra-conservative, or a saint myself :),  but it disgusts me that a web site promoting music and lyrics would show such filth on it's main page for any child to plainly see!! these gangster rap artists promote nothing positive and lyrics like this don't belong here. they post warning labels on songs, cds etc. why not here? more »likereply 16 years agomichael comeaustands4 good idea and thanks !likereply 16 years agorebecca annemichael comeau : seriously? kids can find way worse if they aren't kept off the internet at such a tender age. you just sound silly.likereply6 years agodanielle hodgeplease someone help lol..been trying to find this song for years..heard it yesterday briefly at a gas station..sung by a male..a lil country sounding..can't find it on any lyric finder...only lyrics i can recall go " i'm like a rolling stone, on my own...i grew up way too fast" more »likereply 16 years agosharon blackduh bob dylan   "like a rolling stone 'likereply6 years agodanielle hodgeno ...i just you tubed the song and it's definitely not the song :(likereply6 years agokristi caini'm trying to remember a song that started out with the lyric "my life is boring" and i can't find it. i'm pretty sure it is post-2000, and it's sung by a man and slow paced. help anyone?likereply 16 years agodiana m. diaz f.mabey is 2002 of ann-marielikereply6 years agociabasa catanduanesi wonder why song of vilma santos lyricslikereply6 years agojarvis gage millstrying to find out who sang a song and what it is. it was recorded off tv early 70's.  its like this. ..."  lovely lovely creeping in though (?????) take me to the country where you say you grew up right. let me touch your silken hair you can stay the night legendary mercenary take me for a ride. " i think it was 2 men and a woman. more »likereply6 years agojarvis gage millsi put the last verse on my fb page. its a red screen . play it if you want. don't sound the best but the tape is over 40 years old and dying.likereply 16 years agovivian mokgoadihi, i'm looking for a song i think is from the 70's. the chorus  lyrics go like. .for the first time i am looking in your eyes, for the first time i'm seeing who you. i can't believe how much i see when u looking back at me..... more »likereply6 years agorita morganhi - it is "for the first time" by kenny loggins   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_i-z_aj_4qlikereply 16 years agotimothy sullivanthe third song i heard at work (sounded like the bg's)  "you are as lovely as the day and the sun is in your eyes, and is....likereply6 years agotimothy sullivanan other song i heard at work that i could only write down a few words was "everywhere i go, the sun comes shining throughlikereply6 years agotimothy sullivani'm looking for a song i heard at work which i couldn't hear very well for the volume was turn down as it played over the speakers in the ceiling.i think it was from the 70's. the lyrics i wrote down "everybody in this town, get with it...... more »likereply6 years agotimothy sullivani heard a song (i think it was from the 70's) the lyrics i wrote down "everybody in this town, get with it......likereply 16 years agolarraine devlinam looking for an old song which starts, ‘my girl’s got long hair, got long ginger hair.  she hasn’t got the shingle, she hasn’ got the pingle...’likereply6 years agoanne cox-espenlaubi'm looking for an old song "effiency" sung by dorothy shay "the park avenue hillbillylikereply6 years agojohn malacatagpuanlikereply 16 years agojuan antonio garcia ramirezbeutifull songlikereply 26 years agos denise sartainreally? not one listing for the b-52’s????likereply6 years agowalter mohalegod for us alllikereply6 years agocarl lay toohellolikereply 16 years agocassandra maynardhello everyone! i'm looking for a song titled boom boom boom by two young guys. they also did another one titled run through the jungle. i had their cd but can't find it, and i want to replace it. thanks in advance for your help. more »likereply6 years agotammie lucie leclairmaybe try shazam or youtube music. i could try...when do you think it came out?likereply6 years agovijay yuvnevijay yuvnelikereply6 years agolvovo hlalefogreatlikereply 26 years agor.k. palnicelikereply 16 years agostands4thx!likereply6 years agopst derrick dakawowlikereply 16 years agomisana msilikalehellow my friends i feel good when listening abba group musics naipenda chikitita sanalikereply 26 years agoaleta dyewhen i type in the name of the song i want, i'd like to see that song, not the one the site picks.likereply 56 years agosue rawsongarbage  . white haterlikereply6 years agotammie lucie leclairwhat do you base your comment on?likereply6 years agoeric affulamazinglikereply 16 years agonasanga liznyclikereply6 years agojeanie tinkerthis thing just keeps jumping to an ad right in the middle of the lyrics then totally loses the original request. a total waste of timelikereply 16 years agojun medznicelikereply 16 years agokhim nicole aginaldo salvadornc1likereply 16 years agobhaii marslllllllllllllllllllllikereply 26 years agomc kenley alegre undajarehi moment today just fine you`anywaylikereply 16 years agokimberly h. tejadaang galing namanlikereply 16 years agojastin colinareswow ang galinglikereply 16 years agobhob billonfffffflikereply 16 years agojil marieastig talaga ang lyrics..likereply 16 years agoelie salvadorthis is a very good song i heart itlikereply 16 years agolucilia ribeirokilling me softly with his songlikereply 16 years agocarolyn kentockeeyou got me started a new, and it was good for melikereply 16 years agoreid carter180616 1st time back in 8 years.  first pitch.  grand slam on lyrics.com.  ez to tell my friends.  very thanks.likereply 16 years agowahbi wahbioilikereply 16 years agoeva rosadopatsy clinelikereply 16 years agotrvpiical ceezy. i like it like that!likereply6 years agodarrell majorroberts got a quick hand he’ll look around the room he won’t tell you his planlikereply6 years agojaden spradauwell then. i'm listening to that song right now. lollikereply 16 years agogay moorethe silver in my mother's hairlikereply6 years agomia rowewhat does this thingy mean??likereply 16 years agomariah allisonmusiclikereply6 years agojoao robertoiradolikereply6 years agomia chenwhat do you mean?likereply6 years agoemanuel aguirrehilikereply 16 years agoyonit gilthis is a total lifesaverlikereply 16 years agoyonit gilcool webstitelikereply 16 years agoamyoli ndabambiamazing movielikereply 26 years agodavid vencebiwho is this guy that sings so beautifull?likereply 16 years agowilliam johnsonhis name is eddie vedder. he was / is the singer for the grunge band pearl jam. they're from seattle and were original named mookie blaylock after the nba player. the named their first album 10 as a tribute to him as he played in the number 10. more »likereply6 years agodukundimana jean claudegood, enywere ask this song ,i'm feer very well!!likereply 16 years agojanice cudneyi love the melody but don't get the lyrics! someone on a roof and then being tied to a chair..........never knew those where the lyrics to such a beautiful tune.likereply 16 years agowilliam johnsonthey're a wonderful band and he's a generous man. look up their song yellow ledbetter and read some of the stories behind it. okay, a quick spoiler; when it's played live he pretty much changes the words to the verses everytime. more »likereply6 years agokaleb bronmannshare the lovelikereply 26 years agotemika marshallnicelikereply 26 years agokrsto kico vidovicveri najslikereply 26 years agojoyzkie jumawannicelikereply 16 years agofreddie cancelcosas como tulikereply 26 years agoal-lhadzer chùwèçhuñg diongnicelikereply 16 years agocourtney simpsonliam cardiff and vale i had a nice daylikereply 16 years agoluca domonkoshttps://youtu.be/k2qgadsvnyulikereply6 years agokathy bentotoo hard to navigate this sitelikereply 16 years agosofhia hengholi like the songlikereply 26 years agoshawna wilkinsi am not clicking on anything even remotely close to this song or artist, and your site keeps bringing me to this page.likereply 26 years agogene preventosame here, don’t even know who this artist/song is, nor do i like this genre of music (not knocking it, just not what i’m into). not sure why it keeps redirecting here.likereply 16 years agofrans dullaartkamahl 1975likereply 16 years agonadia fold peter raulgoodlikereply 16 years agoanderson barbozai love this songlikereply 16 years agomahendra singh tekamnice songlikereply 16 years agopaulo josé de lima josé de limamuito bom ,parabéns!!!likereply 16 years ago高靜涵& listen musichttps://www.youtube.com/user/himsherolikereply6 years agojacquline lecocqameno:era harmonisation:christian roylikereply6 years agoalex constantin lucathriller  micael   jackson alex    fan alexlikereply6 years agoalexis patientboi joey grant u added a comment anyways stupidlikereply 36 years agojoey grantit says add a coment.....i say no!likereply 16 years agonorsaima baulo reporsgood alwayslikereply 16 years agoesmail sattarithankslikereply 26 years agopatience noubissiohh no comentlikereply 26 years agobwalya kabwefansticlikereply 16 years agostephanie domainemagnificlikereply 16 years agorasmus wendelthis is what lyrics look like when you put them thru google translateis this real life?is this fake?it can be found highon the planeopen your eyessee heaven and watchgood boy i need compassionbecause i'm easy to find and easy to docountry level, bit by bitbut the wind blew memother just put himi put a gun on his headi have gas nowmommy, i've livedbut now i'm going to waste everything, i'll throw it away!thousand momsit does not know you and the city how to protect itlater again, when i wake up this morningas a carrot, it remainsand when night came, there was no time for mesending my back bone is broken.completely emptyeveryone has to goit's after all that we have done best to deal withmama mile (maybe your wind)i'm not going to diesometimes i never was borni saw a roulettescaramoche felt the pagerit's very electric and good leaves,galilee, galilee;galilee, galilee;gil figaro - magnificobut boy, i'm poor, no one loves me,the poor are poor familiesdo you protect the life of this monster?easily look easybismarra! go to the hat - go awaybismarra! go to the hat - go awaybismarra! go to hatani townhumpors hus (or not)i will not go away.ewonno, no, no, no, no, nooh, mother, her mother, my mother told me?bezelbub school awayfor mefor mei can stop and spit in my eyesso, you can go away, you love me?oh, baby with this babyfrom e on the go they are just gata gataoh, yes.it's greatanyone who can seeit is very important to mebut wind blows more »likereply 36 years agomyrna swyersi envy anyone you happen to meet....likereply 26 years agojames j mccloskeywhat song is this i can’t remember! the day or today is great and so are you! would you like to get to know me, i’d love to get to know you!   something like this!likereply 26 years agojames j mccloskeyi could of sworn i heard a song like that! but then again! lol!likereply 16 years agojames j mccloskeyi swear when i search for something on the internet it gives me everything else than what i need!likereply 26 years agojames j mccloskeyalien ant farm these days!!! i win!!!likereply 16 years agomisana msilikalealways good ideas comes from the great book readerslikereply 26 years agosantus xaviogood day !!likereply 16 years agojoaquim costeira costeiracanção do marlikereply 16 years agomary mulrooneywho will speak...searchlikereply6 years agojanessa leganadi likelikereply 16 years agoerasmus wa lesundowns nkadimengawesomelikereply 36 years ago바비바비nicwlikereply 36 years agoismail hossainnicelikereply 37 years agomilan krambergerlepolikereply 17 years agoדה ריל גנישcan i filter the years for search?likereply 17 years agonils baggeahhhhhlikereply 27 years agoria smetssummer holydayslikereply 17 years agorohit shinde r rhi ! hallolikereply7 years agosimone j neanai had it on my old you tube account may 2017 august2017she is silver she is gold black and white picture someone sitting on a chairlikereply 27 years agojanet dohertyit is so wonderful to be able to locate the words of the "old songs", such as the johnson rag. etc.likereply 17 years agojulian fernández del pozowhat wouldn´t i give to start anewto stroll on the sand of that  white beachwhat wouldn´t i give to listen anewthat young girl comming home lateand to hear my mother´s crycalling for my name at the windowwhile i was pilling springtime leavesalong the main street and the square.... more »likereply 27 years agopacita muring garcesamazing voice was greatlikereply 27 years agogreg welchas alwaays, wonderful!likereply 37 years agoryan mcmahonvery nicelikereply 37 years agotimothy fitzgibbonbeautiful! lc was actually an accomplished poet as well as a musician. the reason is that his  words are very beautiful and i just cannot completey understand them but i'll try. in hallelujah he seems to be saying that despite all the frailities and faults in his character there have been good and decent things in his life that would please whoever his higher power might be.  the minor fall  and major lift may mean that human mistakes are minor displeasures to his higher power but recovery from and repair of these faults are not only very difficult compared with the ease of the transgression but would also be a major uplifit to his higher power. that is just one of the symbols in this poem. it is surprizing that there is so much symbolism in these few, simple verses. more »likereply7 years agoolga lazotaylorwhen i get paul mauriat song lyrics will give my opinion.likereply7 years agoohnuki captainwhy i am livingforyou, for me or for what?so i am sailinglikereply7 years agomarie agustine raymundobakit ba ang lahat nag ganda mo young baitlikereply7 years agojack millsdoes anyone know the name of the female artist who played during the opening of the dolce and gabbana 2018/2019 fall winter menswear show in milan?likereply 17 years agojack millsparvaiz, i did not see your response. can you resend?likereply7 years agoandrea ortizwow thats goodlikereply 37 years agofederico rodríguezit is like a blessing!!!likereply 17 years agocharlie fugategreatlikereply 17 years agoemmanuel ndungutsehellolikereply 17 years agokaren rudkenpower of love lorde i am blessedlikereply 17 years agoetienne nibizihilikereply 17 years agostands4hello...likereply7 years ago"jane" *dalinoy*wowlikereply 17 years agodavid michael ramosnigga what!likereply7 years agomartin xiall english songs?likereply7 years agoalexandra maryi like is a very nice song and lyriclikereply 27 years agoedward misenersherry sharle sherrylikereply 27 years agofrance zaid???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????likereply7 years agojame jeffryit’s a new  vick in townlikereply 17 years agojitendra sonkulecool songhttp://www.surilegeet.com/likereply7 years agoyuan marianorelli nacelikereply 27 years agoaldrian marc alcantara escarrosadlikereply 17 years agojan larathis is so sadlikereply 27 years agodhualin alonsolove is a loosing gamelikereply 17 years agoabel chitunice momentslikereply 47 years agoola  believecool songlikereply 27 years agoola  believecan i see sumone to sponser me am a musicianlikereply7 years agoyuk hrndznice songlikereply 27 years agoanthony stokesgoodlikereply 27 years agobenjamin herrlethats weirdlikereply7 years agofrank huamanioklikereply 37 years agopamela thomasi'm in love by the tecniques. i need the lyrics badlylikereply 37 years agoload 10 more comments






×close
report comment


we're doing our best to make sure our content is useful, accurate and safe.if by any chance you spot an inappropriate comment while navigating through our website please use this form to let us know, and we'll take care of it shortly.






cancel
report








×close
attachment






close









×
you need to be logged in to favorite.




 

 




or fill the form below



create a new account











your name:*required







your email address:*required







pick a user name:*required






join






log in







username:*required





password:*required





log in

forgot your password?   retrieve it









 


citation
use the citation below to add these lyrics to your bibliography:



style:mlachicagoapa
"it's beginning to look a lot like christmas lyrics." lyrics.com. stands4 llc, 2025. web. 17 feb. 2025. <https://www.lyrics.com/lyric/24647072/michael+bubl%c3%a9/it%27s+beginning+to+look+a+lot+like+christmas>.


powered by cite.me

 









we need you!
join our community of music lovers to share your work and offer feedback and encouragement to artists from all over the world!



signup




 




×close
image credit



close



 




the web's largest resource for
music, songs & lyrics
 a member of the stands4 network
 


watch the song video
it's beginning to look a lot like christmas




 51.2m

 161.5k    
	    			 6,413








our favorite collection of
popular artists

»

sb19353 fansbillie eilish287 fansimagine dragons280 fansxxxtentacion249 fansariana grande199 fansed sheeran187 fanseminem165 fans






our favorite collection of
popular lyrics

»

it's beginning to look a lot like christmasmichael bublélike it's christmasjonas brothershere comes santa clausgene autryblue christmasmartina mcbride, elvis presleyrudolph the red-nosed reindeergene autry

submit new lyrics













browse lyrics.com



#abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz  random new lyrics 





free, no signup required:
add to chrome


get instant explanation for any lyrics that hits you anywhere on the web!
two clicks install »






free, no signup required:
add to firefox


get instant explanation for any acronym or abbreviation that hits you anywhere on the web!
two clicks install »






our awesome collection of
promoted songs

»

live your best life!brent joneseagles fly to the super …doug payne & polygongod's got a blessing (wi…norman hutchinsin your armsgreg slyford, lyricista wallgreg slyford
get promoted 










quiz
are you a music master?

»

"just own the night, like the fourth of july…"


a
ariana grande - 7 rings


b
katy perry - firework


c
soft cell - tainted love


d
the ramones - sheena is a punk rocker













 


















your adhere!















company

home
about
news
press
awards
testimonials



editorial

login
add new lyrics
add a new album
become a member
meet the members
recently added
song parodies 
activity log
most popular
sell your lyrics







services

your playlist
tell a friend
bookmark us
promote 
help me out!
lyrics api
top on radio 
lyrics generator
the lyrics quiz
marketplace 
articles



legal & contact

terms of use
privacy policy
contact us
advertise
affiliate program	
 
get the app:



  
	                        





the stands4 network

abbreviations
anagrams
biographies
calculators
conversions
definitions
grammar
literature
lyrics
phrases
poetry
quotes
references
rhymes
scripts
symbols
synonyms
zip codes


© 2001-2025 stands4 llc.all rights reserved.






















