










dutch way | harrisonburg fences, decks & railings









































































































products


fencing

all fencing
vinyl fencing
privacy fencing
picket & yard fencing
post & rail fencing
aluminum fencing


railings

all railings
aluminum
vinyl


decking



gallery
about
news
contact
free estimate





menu


menu

 






fencing from dutch way is a sound investment. find tailor-made outdoor solutions that are reliable and beautiful.timeless charmlearn morediscover long-lasting quality coupled with charm. railings from dutch way creates a complete transformation of your outdoor space.refined railing style & durabilitylearn moreelevate your outdoor living space with superior products from dutch way. your dream deck is within reach.outdoor elegance with wolf deckinglearn more
timeless charmfencing from dutch way is a sound investment. find tailor-made outdoor solutions that are reliable and beautiful.learn morerefined railing style & durabilitydiscover long-lasting quality coupled with charm. railings from dutch way creates a complete transformation of your outdoor space.learn moreoutdoor elegance with wolf deckingelevate your outdoor living space with superior products from dutch way. your dream deck is within reach.learn more

products
dutch way works with reputable suppliers to provide an assortment of high-quality products at various price points.
link to: fencingfencing
link to: railingsrailing
link to: deckingdecking

inspiration
not sure where to begin? our project portfolio may give you the spark of inspiration you’re looking for.
ply gem redwood
color fence
this low-maintenance solid privacy fence looks great from all angles because of its routed construction. the redwood color is part of the ply gem woodland select collection.

view gallery4172 aluminum fence
not only does this fence increase security at this harrisonburg apartment complex, it also majorly boosts curb appeal. this aluminum fence features automatic gates and keypad entries for the improved safety of residents.

view gallery


why choose dutch way
when it comes to choosing a fencing supplier, you have several options, but dutch way is a level above the rest.

customer first
dutch way is dedicated to creating an exceptional experience and developing personalized solutions for every customer. this passion drives everything we do, and our job is not finished until you are completely satisfied. go ahead—dream big when it comes to your fencing, railing or decking project. you can trust us to take care of the details.

expertise
a family-owned and operated business, we have deep roots in the building and fencing industries. you’ll know from the moment you step into our showroom that you’re working with skilled professionals that care about the success of your project. we guide you through the process and help translate your vision into reality.

superior products
with high-quality fencing, railing and decking products to fit every budget, you’re making the right choice with dutch way. beautifully designed using durable materials, and backed by dependable manufacturer warranties, our products are guaranteed to last and will provide years of enjoyment with little-to-no maintenance.


follow a manual added linkmeet dale
follow a manual added linkmeet james
follow a manual added linkmeet stacy
follow a manual added linkmeet angela
follow a manual added linkmeet mark


ready to begin?
we can help you initiate your project and streamline the process. let’s get started!



"*" indicates required fields

name*phone*email*

which product are you interested in?*select onefencingrailingdecksarbors & pergolasporcheshandicap rampsotherinquiry*emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 















customer reviews
our customers love
our work. here’s why.







bridget smith


dutch way came this morning to begin the process of our vinyl fence. they have been extremely polite and easy to work with, knowledgable, patient and professional as we changed our minds a few times about what we wanted. our fence posts are just starting to be put in, but i would already highly recommend them! can’t wait to see the finished product.







ryan kline


only place to go if you are looking for a quality fence at a reasonable price. the staff are professional and care about doing a quality job and making the customer happy. thanks for everything dutch way! i wouldn’t use anyone else!







ricky porco


dale and the team at dutch way are consistent with exceptional customer service. i always appreciate the personal attention and recommend dutch way to anyone in need of their services.
view all reviews


news
get the inside scoop about the newest trends, products and techniques in the fencing, railing and decking world.
understanding local regulations: how to ensure your fence meets codefence solutions the pros at dutch way explore fence code in the city of harrisonburg and offer tips to ensure your fence meets local regulations. learn more!read morefebruary 15, 2025

https://www.dutchway.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/dutchway_keylinkaluminumfence_web_27.jpg
600
1300


dutchway_admin

/wp-content/themes/dutchway-enfold-child/images/dutchway-logo.svg

dutchway_admin2025-02-15 11:37:212025-01-24 11:49:47understanding local regulations: how to ensure your fence meets codefrom start to finish: a typical timeline for fence installationfence solutions streamline your new fence installation by knowing what to expect. the pros at dutch way explain the process for a new fence in charlottesville. read more!read morejanuary 24, 2025

https://www.dutchway.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/dutchway_72graysonsemiprivacy_web_21.jpg
600
1300


dutchway_admin

/wp-content/themes/dutchway-enfold-child/images/dutchway-logo.svg

dutchway_admin2025-01-24 11:21:332025-01-24 11:36:11from start to finish: a typical timeline for fence installationview all news

   



1-888-467-6310
email us

facebook



		proud distributors of
	




locations

		mount crawford
	

		540-564-1322
	

27 white picket trailmount crawford, va 22841


	monday - friday: 7:30am-4:00pm
	



		stuarts draft
	

		540-337-4265
	

28 draft avenuestuarts draft, va 24477


		monday - friday: 8:00am-4:00pm
	



		charlottesville
	

		434-244-3556
	
quick linksfencing
railing
decking
e-news sign up







"*" indicates required fields

email*

phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 



















© dutch way llc. all rights reserved. web design & development by estland.






scroll to top















































