 


the way: home





the way: home

































share

about us >>what is the way?editorssubscriber areacurrent  >>current issuerecent issuescoming soonarchive >>article searchbuy back numberssubscribe >>ratessubscribebooks >>book shopway bookspaymentsfor authorsadvertisinglinkscontact us 





subscribe to the way

request a free sample copy

put me on your mailing list

i want to send feedback










 
      what is the way ?
the way
      is an international journal of contemporary christian spirituality,
      published by the british jesuits. through writing informed by critical and
      creative scholarship, it aims to provide a forum in which thoughtful
      christians, from different walks of life and different traditions, reflect
      on god’s continuing action in human experience.

among particular
      concerns of the way are: 

 the role of spirituality in the struggle for justice 
 the spiritual issues raised by intercultural and
      interreligious dialogue
 the interactions between spirituality, politics and culture
 the fostering and development of the ignatian spiritual
      tradition.

to find out more
      about how the way understands spirituality read this article from the first issue after our relaunch in 2003, ‘the ignatian spirituality of the way’.
	  and to find out more
      about the history of the way read this: ‘the way, 1961–1986’
**new**
listen to the podcast from john russell accompanying his article in the july 2024 issue about spirituality, yoga and his personal journey.
imagination, discernment and spiritual direction by robert r. marsh sj has just been published by way books. for informatino, events and  deep reading guide, click here
we are pleased to be able to offer you the opportunity to join the new jesuit spirituality online community building platform run by the jesuits in britain. as well as receiving ignatian inspiration you will also be able to access courses, resources and formation events from wherever you are in the world.subscribers to the way will also have access to our private group where we will be publishing updates on the journal, material from our extensive archives and exclusive content. once you have joined the platform you can also choose to access it through the app ‘mighty networks’ available on android and iphone.  join us on the platform today by clicking this link: mighty networks
the way is affiliated to uk registered charity no. 230165, the society of jesus trust of 1929 for roman catholic purposes. its issn is 0043-1575.



 

top

  
		  
		  
		  
		  
		










