






free psp tubes – all things graphics

























skip to content




menu
home
contact
advertising/media
subscribe


 










free psp tubes
all things graphics









×



search for:



 



















posted in vr
top vr headsets

virtual reality is marching on to become more and more realistic with each passing day. and every year, companies release a growing number of vr headsets. in most cases, the newer models outdo the previous-gen versions. also, there are many different types of headsets with wildly varying price tags. and from multiple different companies, there is only a handful that is worth buying in 2021. so what are the top vr headsets?
it depends on the main functions of your vr headset. vr is being utilized in a number of applications now from gaming to sports training and even dating sites like this top latina hookup site. below is a list of multiple options of vr headsets that will satisfy the needs of various types of buyers. thus, whether it’s price or efficiency you are looking for, we’ve got you covered.
the oculus quest 
the oculus quest has brought a revolution in the world of virtual reality. it separates glasses from computers and space sensors. also, this means that you can take your virtual reality device almost anywhere. 
the vr headset has a resolution of 1832 by 1920 pixels for each eye. and its specific qualcomm snapdragon ksr2 processor also helps the device to develop higher graphics power. also, the screen refresh rate is 72 hertz. 
for quest 2, the company chose an lcd screen to increase resolution. plus, battery capacity is two to three hours of continuous use. 
the htc vive cosmos elite
for all you folks looking to feel every twitch of virtual reality, we bring you the htc vive. the vr headset provides as much detail and vividness as possible. and that is why we have singled out the htc vive cosmos elite to be among the top vr headset on the market. 
the vive cosmos will provide users with an incredible performance. also, that will expand the perception of the virtual domain. plus, users can explore the unknown worlds to see every detail with a total resolution of 2880×1700. 
the htc cosmos elite also utilizes a new set of lcd screens to reduce the distance between the signals. thus it will offer a complete and immersive virtual reality experience.
the playstation vr

the playstation vr will put you at the center of the gaming universe. with a 360-degree view, you’ll be able to watch a vivid world around you. the vr headset breathes and comes to life with a flawless field of vision. besides this, it also uses the help of exceptional visual effects. plus, you can experience new realities. 
with the custom oled screen and light effects of 120 frames per second, discover a new dimension of sound. the dual lenses and 3d depth sensors monitor the position of the head kit. also, nine led cameras monitor the surroundings via the play station camera. thus, it ensures precision while in the gaming world.
the oculus rift s
built on the rift platform, the oculus rift s offers exclusive content for virtual reality. also, it provides exclusive content for virtual reality. plus, the new goggles add a new tracking technology called the oculus insight. it improves motion detection. and this makes the motion sensation through games more impressive and immersive.
the rift s uses five motion tracking sensors with a system that works from the inside. plus, this enhances the sensation when capturing and pointing at objects in the game. 
the oculus rift s also allows us to see the surroundings without the need to remove the headset. plus, there is an improved resolution as we now have a total of 2560 by 1440 pixels. it distributes the pixels at 1280 by 1140 for each eye.
besides this, the lcd screen comes with a refresh rate of 80 hertz. another cool option, the passthrough, helps the better optics. plus, the feature allows the user to see what’s in the real world. 
yet, the main change is in the design. lenovo participated in the design of the rift s and tried to increase comfort. it also tried to create a better distribution weight and optimized light blocking. 
the valve index
the valve index offers the finest price-quality ratio out there. it is among the top best vr headsets available on the market. it uses the latest visual acoustic. also, the valve index employs ergonomic technologies to create the best vr experience. these vr goggles offer many aspects that contribute to their clarity and comfort. plus, you are able to see the details of the movement. 
the two full-resolution rgb lcds with 1440 by 1600 pixels vr headsets have 50% more subpixels than oled devices. and thus, it achieved more clarity with the same display performance. the index vr headphones operate at 120 hertz. it is compatible with 90 hertz and has an experimental model of 144hz. 
the higher frame rate ensures more realism and visual calm. these features are ideal for longer and more comfortable gaming sessions. plus, the very short lighting times improve sharpness during movement by five times. also, global lighting prevents the image from blurring. lastly, the precisely matched lenses offer a clear and wide picture across the entire field of view.










posted in crypto gpu's
best graphics cards for crypto mining 

it is never easy to choose the hardware that will perfectly suit your needs. but as far as the best graphics cards for crypto mining go, you are at the correct spot. minimizing the costs as much as possible is the mantra of crypto mining. to that effect, saving a few bucks on graphics cards may also help. but at the same time, it must happen in a way that doesn’t compromise on the performance. 
thus, when it comes to crypto mining, both price and efficiency matter. with that in mind, here is a list of the best graphics cards at affordable prices. it will allow you to save money, invest back in and max out your profits.
nvidia geforce rtx 2080 ti
once known as the king of gpus, nvidia geforce rtx 2080 ti has all your graphics needs covered. it runs programs on 4k smoothly and even offers features such as ray tracing. it can easily provide a hash rate of 32.76mh/s for the purposes of crypto mining. plus, it allows for a smooth performance for mining to bag you at least a good enough monthly income. thus, it is a natural choice for people who don’t mind paying a little bit extra to invest in graphics.
asus rog strix amd radeon rx 5700xt
if you want to run programs at 1440p, rx 5700xt is your best bet. it is among the best graphics cards ever developed by amd. also, features like ray tracing have no usage in activities such as crypto mining. instead, radeon rx 5700xt supports features such as a six-monitor setup that is helpful when it comes to mining. 
radeon rx 5700xt is among the best graphics cards for crypto mining. it is able to offer a hash rate of up to 49.01mh/s. that is, even better performance when compared to the nvidia geforce rtx 2080 ti. thus, it can easily earn you a monthly income on par or even greater than the 2080 ti.
msi gaming geforce rtx 2070
msi stepped up and produced an even better graphics card that provides smooth performance overall. in comparison to graphics cards by nvidia and amd that are available, it performs on par or better than them. it caters to all your needs of crypto mining, design, snapfuck snapsexting, or gaming. at present, msi’s rtx 2070 is among the best gpus for crypto mining purposes. 
for efficient heat dissipation, rtx 2070 offers a heatsink. also, when the system is running a low load, it can stop the fan. that is possible due to rtx 2070s zero frozr tech. also, the best feature is that it provides a hash rate of as high as 43.3mh/s for crypto mining.
msi gaming geforce gtx 1080 ti
another one in the series of graphic cards by msi is the geforce gtx 1080 ti. even though many new and latest graphics cards have come about, geforce gtx 1080 ti still remains on top. it offers gaming at the specs that are very similar to the titan x series of graphics cards. geforce gtx 1080 ti boasts of gddr5x with 11gb memory. it further offers efficient cooling to the system. 
geforce gtx 1080 ti is able to run up to a hash rate of 21.63mh/s for the purposes of crypto mining. thus, it keeps your monthly income flowing at a constant rate. also, geforce gtx 1080 ti makes use of the kawpow algorithm, also known to many as nbminer. the only flipside with gtx 1080 ti is that it is not that easy to buy it. the reason is, at present, it has low stocks in the market. 
fx amd radeon rx 580 gts xxx edition graphics card
in very simple terms, rx 580 gts xxx is a beast when it comes to smooth performance. it boasts of amd’s latest architecture, polaris. gaming doesn’t get any better than this. to no one’s surprise, rx 580 gts xxx is a natural choice for a lot of crypto miners. not only do you save money due to its affordability, but also it ensures that you earn lots of profits. boasting a hash rate of up to 29mh/s, crypto miners can earn as much as $3 on a single day. thus, miners who are on a budget can easily avail of amd’s rx 580 gts xxx. 
nvidia geforce gtx 1070
geforce gtx 1070 graphics card by nvidia is among the top fan favorites within the gaming society. not only that, but a lot many crypto miners also go for geforce gtx 1070 as their default choice. it offers a hash rate of up to 30mh/s, which is more than decent without much power usage. also, miners are able to generate quite a steady monthly income. 
the one thing that might chase away miners is the cost of geforce gtx 1070. it falls on the more expensive spectrum.










posted in gaming gpu's
the best graphics cards (gpu’s) for gaming

with regards to any type of gaming pc, graphics cards are perhaps among the most vital things. these cards are what give those vibrant pixels on your screens from the ones and zeroes. it is true that there exist varied solutions to a single issue when it comes to filtering down what’s best. that is because some users go for value, while others might go for speed. thus, we will provide you with all the info you need about the best graphics cards (gpus) gaming.
latest trends
there haven’t been many changes since the last couple of months. but there’s much in-store for gamers in the coming months. nvidia is coming out with its latest gpu, rtx 3080 ti. gamers can also expect to witness rtx 3050 and rtx 3050 ti cards. also, we expect amd to drop its gpu, rx 6700, real soon.
geforce rtx 3080
the gaming world seems to be hyped about the arrival of geforce rtx 3080. it boasts of a better variant of the ampere architecture, which nvidia takes pride in. compared to the 2080 ti series, it is about 30% faster. for gamers who prefer playing at max graphics, it will not get better than this. nvidia’s geforce rtx 3080 can easily run games at 1080p or 4k without a hassle. 
if you are somebody who is still new to nvidia rtx gpu’s ray tracing tech, get ready to come on board. the rtx 3080 offers double the amount of ray tracing that turing provides. for games such as the hyped cyberpunk 2077, it is able to provide the ray tracing it requires. plus, nvidia rtx 3080 gpu offers you the best ray tracing tech at a very affordable price.
radeon rx 6800 xt
the next on our list is amd’s latest gpu, the radeon rx 6800 xt. by far, it is the best gpu from team red. surely, the gpu is faster by a measure of 6 to 7%, but that comes at a cost (quite literally!). radeon rx 6800 xt costs more than half the price of the earlier gpus. to be exact, 54% more costly. on top of that, it doesn’t even offer more vram at that price range.
but compared with rx 5700 xt, the radeon rx 6800 xt does surely perform better. also, amd radeon rx 6800 xt supports the ray tracing tech. termed as the “big navi,” gamers got what they were looking for. navi 21 is twice the ram, more than two times the size of navi 10, and twice the shader cores. also, the clock speed rose by 300 mhz, and now it is in the range of 2.1 ghz to 2.3 ghz. the 128 mb infinite cache really helped amd in reaching these new heights. 
thus, amd’s radeon rx 6800 xt will be able to run future games that will mostly require more than 16gb of ram.
geforce rtx 3060 ti
what really defines this specific gpu by nvidia is that it offers the best performance in the best price range. starting at a price of $399, rtx 3060 ti has all that the other 30-series gpus offer. in simpler words, the gpu doesn’t stay too long on the shelves.
the geforce rtx 3060 ti is 20% less costly than the 3070 but performs much better. even with the latest games, it outperforms gpus such as the gtx by twice the amount. the only thing that it seems to be lacking is the vram. the 3060 ti only has a vram of 8gb which is pretty good for now. but in the coming years, it might fall short for supporting new games that will require better specs.
geforce rtx 3090
there are some gamers who don’t really care about how much a graphics card might cost. all that these types of users think of is how fast is the graphics card. the next gpu by nvidia perfectly satisfies the needs of such people.
in simple terms, it is quite expensive. it costs two times more than the geforce rtx 3080. when it comes to the performance, there isn’t much increase in that regard. it rose by around 10 to 15 % at max. also, geforce rtx 3090 boasts of a ga102 chip that is almost complete. 
apart from gaming, the gpu caters to those who work as app developers or content creators. in those areas, its 24gb of gddr6x really comes in handy.
radeon rx 6700 xt
the gpu is basically a navi 21 with lesser functionality and at a lower price. similar to the rx 5700 xt gpus, the number of gpu cores is the same. at the same time, it offers better clock speed. also, amd’s radeon rx 6700 xt offers better performance (25% more) by providing more cache. 
at 2.5ghz, the gpu offers the highest clocking speeds. also, it was able to hit up to 2.7ghz to 2.8ghz of clocking speeds when tuned up a little.




















search for:





recent posts


best graphics cards for crypto mining 


top vr headsets


the best graphics cards (gpu’s) for gaming


categories

crypto gpu's

gaming gpu's

vr


archives

august 2023
june 2021
march 2021

meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org











copyright © 2025 free psp tubes
design by themesdna.com













