








hortico nurseries inc. | roses, perennials, aquatics, trees and shrubs, native species
































skip to main content







wholesale native plants











nursery catalog


directions


about


product sizes and zones


online ordering


contact sales



  contact sales












            wholesale native plants
        

            access a reliable supply of native trees, shrubs and perennials.
        


  contact sales

















trees
view catalog ›











shrubs & perennials
view catalog ›











aquatics & grasses
view catalog ›











roses
view catalog ›


















order roses, trees & shrubs for your home.

click here to order ›


















                                choose more sustainable plant species.
                            

                                keep your landscapes sustainable and restore ecological habitats by choosing native plants. they’re easier to care for and resistant to local diseases and pests.
                            








                                get the plants you need, when you need them.
                            

                                with hundreds of native species in stock, hortico makes sure you can access all of the plants you need to make beautiful and sustainable landscapes.
                            
















                            growing native for growing communities.
                        

                            for over four decades, hortico has grown wholesale native plants that enrich our landscapes. today, our plants continue to restore the environment and build healthier communities. whether it’s native plants, a large inventory or friendly service that you’re after, we can make sure you find what you’re looking for.
                        
find out more about us ›











                    i recently ordered some ornamental grasses from hortico and was very happy with the service and product. helpful staff; fair prices; healthy plants. will definitely order from them again.
                

                    — robin m.
                












                    order your native plants today!
                

                    placing an order with hortico has never been easier. whether trees, shrubs, perennials or a combination of plant types, there are three simple steps to getting them.
                






                            1. tell us what you're looking for.
                        

                            whether you have a plant list or a rough idea of what you need, our team is happy to help.
                        






                            2. review your quote and place your order.
                        

                            simply send your list to office@hortico.com
                        






                            3. get your plants when you need them!
                        

                            hortico can load your truck or deliver your order.
                        











                get in touch with our sales team.
            


call 905-689-6984, email office@hortico.com, or fill out the form below.






name



email



phone



location



message



ignore this text box. it is used to detect spammers. if you enter anything into this text box, your message will not be sent.


  send














online ordering


product sizing and zones


about


contact












© 2025 hortico


privacy policy


website by compass creative






















































