









africa adventure academy - africa adventure academy 



















skip to main content























 


 home
 knowledge & training
 for travellers
 für reisende
 for tourism businesses












africa adventure academy - your helping hand in sustainable and responsible tourism development
















 home
 knowledge & training
 for travellers
 für reisende
 for tourism businesses













 africa adventure academy 
 your helping hand in sustainable and responsible tourism development 









 "as a division of the africa adventure tourism network we have the obligation to continually promote sustainable and responsible tourism development to enhance the visitor experience for both, international and local travellers."
enya fehler - founder of africa adventure 


the primary objective of the africa adventure academy is to help small and medium tourism businesses to implement business administration systems and to support the successful use of them which includes sustainable education of key personnel and transfer of invaluable knowledge and business skills.
specialised software for the travel industry as well as contact management and communication solutions will enable the client to cost, administer, market and deliver tourism products in an efficient and competitive way.
the intimate knowledge of holiday expectations and travel requirements of local and international tourists as well as the ever increasing demands of tour operators and travel agents is passed on during interactive workshops and seminars. this improves the intercultural competence of the african tourism player and secures responsible and sustainable tourism development.


 africa adventure academy
 







        the legal stuff    






contact details

africa adventure tourism network pty ltdpo. box 330 * villiersdorp 6848 * south africatel: +27 (0) 21 007 52 86email: learn@africa-adventure.academy



terms & conditions

our non-accredited skills courses equip you with the basic skills you need to work in a specific area of tourism or hospitality management. you will be assessed through written assignments, which are submitted via the africa adventure online campus. you will not be required to write any exams as our learning programmes are focused on skills development and are intended for personal improvement and improved performance in the workplace. the courses are offered, assessed, and certified by africa adventure academy and are not registered on the nqf.
the applicable registration fee is per participant and is due on invoice after the application has been approved. members of the africa adventure tourism network will receive some discount on the registration fee for some of the courses offered.

withdrawal, cancellation and refund policy
•	14 days or more prior to the start date of the course: no penalty, 100% refund of amount paid less applicable bank charges
•	8 to 13 days prior to the start date of the course: penalty of 50% of course price, refund of residual amount paid (if any) less applicable bank charges
•	7 days or less prior to the start date of the course: penalty of 100% of course price, e.g. no refund.



policy on protection from sexual exploitation and abuse and child protection

report concerns, suspicions and abuse to the designated africa adventure compliance officer at psea@africa-adventure.net
we treat all reports confidential and on request anonymously.
1. introduction and preamble
africa adventure places human dignity at the centre of its tourism development work. at the heart of africa adventure’s efforts to impact poverty and social justice is its engagement with marginalised communities, and vulnerable adults and children.
vulnerable adults and children are particularly at risk of sexual exploitation and abuse. this policy defines africa adventure's commitment to the protection from sexual exploitation and abuse (psea) of vulnerable adults, involving africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure. in recognition of the special vulnerability of children, this policy also affirms africa adventure’s commitment to the welfare and protection from sexual exploitation and all forms of abuse of children, involving africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure.
africa adventure has a zero tolerance toward sexual exploitation and abuse and child abuse. africa adventure takes seriously all concerns and complaints about sexual exploitation and abuse and child abuse involving africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure. africa adventure initiates rigorous investigation of complaints that indicate a possible violation of this policy and takes appropriate disciplinary action, as warranted. 
2. scope of application
this policy applies to all africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure.
3. definitions
3.1 children and vulnerable adultsa child is any individual under the age of 18, irrespective of local country definitions of when a child reaches adulthood. vulnerable adults are defined as:

those aged over 18 years and who identify themselves as unable to take care of themselves/ protect themselves from harm or exploitation; or
who, due to their gender, mental or physical health, disability, ethnicity, religious identity, sexual orientation, economic or social status, or as a result of disasters and conflicts, are deemed to be at risk.

3.2 sexual exploitationsexual exploitation means any actual or attempted abuse of a position of vulnerability, differential power, or trust, for sexual purposes, including, but not limited to, profiting monetarily, socially or politically from the sexual exploitation of another.
3.3 sexual abusesexual abuse means the actual or threatened physical intrusion of a sexual nature, whether by force or under unequal or coercive conditions.
3.4 child exploitation and abuse (involves one or more of the following) 
a. physical abusephysical abuse occurs when a person purposefully injures or threatens to injure a child or young person. this may take the form of slapping, punching, shaking, kicking, burning, shoving or grabbing. the injury may take the form of bruises, cuts, burns or fractures.
b. emotional abuseemotional abuse is inappropriate verbal or symbolic acts toward a child or a pattern of failure over time to provide a child with adequate non-physical nurture and emotional availability. such acts have a high probability of damaging a child’s self-esteem or social competence.
c. neglectneglect is the failure to provide a child (where they are in a position to do so) with the conditions that are culturally accepted as being essential for their physical and emotional development and well-being.
d. child sexual abuse child sexual abuse is the involvement of a child in sexual activity that s/he does not fully comprehend, give informed consent to, or for which s/he is not developmentally prepared and cannot give consent, or that violates the laws or social taboos of society. it is evidenced by an activity between a child and an adult or another child who by age or development is in a relationship of responsibility, trust or power, the activity being intended to gratify or satisfy the needs of the other person. it may include, but is not limited to, the inducement or coercion of a child to engage in any unlawful sexual activity, the exploitative use of a child in prostitution or other lawful sexual practices or the exploitative use of pornographic performances and materials.
e. groominggrooming generally refers to behaviour that makes it easier for an offender to procure a child for sexual activity. it often involves the act of building the trust of children and/or their africa adventurers to gain access to children in order to sexually abuse them. for example, grooming includes encouraging romantic feelings or exposing the child to sexual concepts through pornography.
f. online grooming online grooming is the act of sending an electronic message with indecent content to a recipient who the sender believes to be less than 18 years of age, with the intention of procuring the recipient to engage in or submit to sexual activity with another person, including but not necessarily the sender.
3.5 sexual exploitation and abuseuse of the term “sexual exploitation and abuse” throughout this policy refers to children as well as vulnerable adults.
3.6 africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure the term “africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure ” includes all employees of africa adventure and all africa adventure members. (non africa adventure entities and their employees and individuals who have entered into membership with africa adventure.)
4. core principles
in order to protect the most vulnerable populations, particularly vulnerable adults and children, and to ensure the integrity of africa adventure as a destination marketing organisation, the following six core principles must be adhered to:

sexual exploitation and abuse and child abuse by africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure constitute acts of gross misconduct and are therefore grounds for termination of employment or membership accordingly.
sexual activity with children (persons under the age of 18) is prohibited regardless of the age of the majority or age of consent locally. mistaken belief in the age of the child is not a defence.
exchange of money, employment, goods, or services for sex, including sexual favours or other forms of humiliating, degrading or exploitative behaviour by africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure is prohibited.

where an africa adventure employee or member of africa adventure develops concerns or suspicions regarding sexual abuse or exploitation and child abuse by a fellow worker, whether in africa adventure or not, he or she must immediately report such concerns via the established reporting mechanisms.
africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure are obliged to create and maintain an environment that prevents sexual exploitation and abuse and child abuse and promotes the implementation of this policy.
5. commitments
africa adventure is dedicated to fulfilling the core principles through implementation of the following commitments. this includes time-bound, measurable indicators of progress to enable all entities of africa adventure, and others, to monitor africa adventure’s performance.
5.1 develop organization-specific strategies to prevent and respond to sexual exploitation and abuse and child abuse, including incorporating appropriate job responsibilities (such as staff training, complaints and response mechanisms, and coordinating high-level oversight and progress reports by directors) in specific staff positions to support and ensure effective implementation of organization strategies to prevent and respond to sexual exploitation and abuse.
5.2 undertake risk assessments to identify areas of risks and document steps that are being taken to remove or reduce these risks.
5.3 incorporate africa adventure’s standards on sexual exploitation and abuse and child protection in relevant codes of conduct and in induction materials and training courses for africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure, including specific provisions for child sexual exploitation and abuse.
5.4 ensure that when engaging in partnerships, sub-grant or sub-recipient agreements, these agreements
a) incorporate this policy as an attachment;
b) include the appropriate language requiring such contracting entities and individuals, and their employees and volunteers to abidewith a code of conduct that is pursuant to the standards of this policy; and
c) expressly state that the failure of those entities or individuals, as appropriate, to take preventive measures against sexual exploitation and abuse and child abuse, to investigate and report allegations thereof, or to take corrective actions when sexual exploitation or abuse or child abuse has occurred, shall constitute grounds for africa adventure to terminate such agreements.
5.5 regularly inform africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure and communities on measures taken to prevent and respond to sexual exploitation and abuse and child abuse. such information should be developed and disseminated in cooperation with other relevant agencies and should include details on complaint mechanisms, the status and outcome of investigations in general terms, feedback on actions taken against perpetrators, and follow-up measures taken as well as assistance available to complainants and survivors. any information that is not of a general nature and concerns specific cases must respect confidentiality for all parties involved, including the survivor and family, employee or members of africa adventure, and the ongoing investigation process, particularly where there are legal implications.
5.6 engage the support of communities and governments to prevent and respond to sexual exploitation and abuse and child abuse by africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure.
5.7 ensure that complaint mechanisms for reporting sexual exploitation and abuse and child abuse are accessible and that africa adventure focal points for receiving complaints understand how to discharge their duties. this should include a documented reporting procedure in a relevant local language for sexual exploitation and abuse and child abuse allegations and policy for non-compliance in, including available sanctions for breaches.
5.8 provide support and assistance to complainants of sexual exploitation and abuse or child abuse. this may include medical treatment, legal assistance and psychosocial support as appropriate and according to the wants and needs of the survivor whilst also taking account of confidentiality, cultural sensitivities and survivor safety.
5.9 in compliance with applicable laws, prevent perpetrators of sexual exploitation and abuse and child abuse from being (re)hired or (re)deployed. managers and human resource teams must ensure robust recruitment screening processes for all personnel, particularly for personnel who will have any direct or indirect contact with children. this could include use of background and criminal reference/ record checks, verbal referee checks, and interview plans that incorporate behavioural-based interview questions.
5.10 investigate allegations of sexual exploitation and abuse and child abuse in a timely and professional manner. this includes the use of appropriate interviewing practices with complainants and witnesses, particularly with children. engage professional investigators or secure investigative expertise as appropriate.
5.11 take swift and appropriate action, including legal action when required, against africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure who commit sexual exploitation and abuse and child abuse. this may include administrative or disciplinary action, and/or cancellation of membership without compensation and/or referral to the relevant authorities for appropriate action, including criminal prosecution, in the abuser’s country of origin as well as the host country.
5.12 take appropriate actions to the best of africa adventure’s abilities to protect persons from retaliation where allegations of sexual exploitation and abuse or child abuse are reported involving africa adventure employees or members of africa adventure .
5.13 ensure high-level oversight and information systems on sexual exploitation and abuse and child abuse reports received and actions taken, in order to monitor effectiveness, report progress and improve efforts to prevent and respond to sexual exploitation and abuse and child abuse.
6. africa adventure and members of africa adventure standards
africa adventure's capacity to achieve its vision and mission depends upon the individual and collaborative efforts of all africa adventure employees and all members of africa adventure. to this end, all africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure must uphold and promote the highest standards of ethical and professional conduct and abide by africa adventure’s policies.
this policy sets the minimum standards to be followed by all africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure to protect communities from sexual exploitation and abuse and child abuse by africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure.
these standards apply to all africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure and are intended to provide an illustrative guide for employees and members of africa adventure to make decisions that exemplify africa adventure’s code of conduct and core values in their professional and personal lives. any violation of these standards is a serious concern and may result in disciplinary action, up to and including dismissal, in accordance with disciplinary procedures of each africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure .
6.1 africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure will not request any service or sexual favour in return for protection or assistance, and will not engage in sexually exploitative or abusive relationships.
6.2 africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure will not exchange money, employment, goods or services for sex, including sexual favours or other forms of humiliating, degrading or exploitative behaviour. this prohibition against exchange of money for sex means africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure may not engage the services of sex workers.
6.3 africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure are strongly discouraged from having sex or engaging in sexual activities with travellers because there is an inherent conflict of interest and potential for abuse of power in such a relationship. if an employee engages in sex or sexual activities with a traveller, the employee must disclose this conduct to his /her supervisor for appropriate guidance. failure to report such conduct may lead to disciplinary action pursuant to africa adventure’s policies and procedures.
6.4 africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure must refrain from sexual activity with any person under the age of 18, regardless of the local age of consent, i.e. the local or national laws of the country in which the employee works. ignorance or mistaken belief of the child’s age is not a defence. failure to report such a relationship may lead to disciplinary action pursuant to africa adventure’s policies and procedures.
6.5 africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure will not support or take part in any form of sexual exploitative or abusive activities, including, for example, child pornography or trafficking of human beings.
6.6 africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure will treat all children with respect and not use language or behaviour towards children that is inappropriate, harassing, abusive, sexually provocative, demeaning or culturally inappropriate.
6.7 africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure will not hire children for domestic or other labour which is inappropriate given their age or developmental stage, which interferes with their time available for education and recreational activities or which places them at significant risk of injury.
6.8 africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure will protect, manage and utilise africa adventure resources appropriately and will never use africa adventure resources, including its onlin portals, social media channels or the the use of computers, cameras or mobile phones, to exploit or harass children or others in the communities in which africa adventure works.
6.9 when photographing or filming a child for work-related purposes, africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure will:

comply with local traditions or restrictions for reproducing personal images,
obtain informed consent from the parent or guardian of the child, before photographing or filming a child, explaining how the photograph or film will be used,
ensure photographs, films, videos and dvds present children in a dignified and respectful manner and not in a vulnerable or submissive manner,
ensure children are adequately clothed and not in poses that could be seen as sexually suggestive,
ensure images are honest representations of the context and the facts, and
ensure file labels do not reveal identifying information about a child.

6.10 africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure must immediately report any concerns or suspicions they have regarding possible violations of this policy by an africa adventure employee or members of africa adventure.
employees and members of africa adventure must report any such concerns even when the person who may be in violation of this is a third party and not a africa adventure employee or member of africa adventure.
report concerns, suspicions and abuse to our designated compliance officer at psea@africa-adventure.net
6.11 africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure will prevent, oppose and combat all exploitation and abuse of children.
6.12 wherever possible, africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure should work with another adult present when working with children.
6.13 africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure must immediately disclose charges, convictions and other outcomes of an offence that relates to child exploitation and abuse including those under traditional law.
6.14 sensitive information related to incidents of sexual exploitation and abuse or child abuse whether involving colleagues, members of africa adventure or others in the communities in which africa adventure works shall be shared only with enforcement authorities and africa adventure agents and employees of the appropriate seniority or function who have a need to know such information. breach of this policy may put others at risk and will therefore result in disciplinary procedures.
6.15 africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure must undertake to create and maintain an environment that promotes implementation of this policy.
6.16 directors, managers and supervisors at all levels have particular responsibilities to support and develop systems that maintain an environment that facilitates implementation of this policy and which is free of sexual exploitation and abuse and child abuse.
7. responsibilities
7.1. all africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure share an obligation to prevent and respond to sexual exploitation and abuse and child abuse. it is the responsibility of all africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure to uphold the core principles and commitments of this policy along with the standards for africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure.
7.2. members of africa adventure and affiliatesafrica adventure members and affiliates will ensure this policy is reflected in their own codes of conduct. members of africa adventure and affiliates must have in place complaints and investigation procedures and employee disciplinary procedures
8. associated policies
this policy is complementary to the set of standards of behaviour that all africa adventure employees and members of africa adventure are required to adhere to in the africa adventure code of conduct or related policies defined by africa adventure.
this policy is also a response to africa adventure’s accountability to the communities it works with and is therefore to be operationalized as part of the broader africa adventure accountability framework.



disclaimer, copyright & privacy statement

disclaimerthe information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. the information is provided by africa adventure tourism network pty ltd and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk. in no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website. through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control africa adventure tourism network pty ltd we have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. the inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them. every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. however, africa adventure tourism network pty ltd takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.copyrightall materials and content on this site are copyright of africa adventure tourism network pty ltd or made available from advertisers unless indicated to the contrary. data may not be reproduced, republished, stored, distributed, transmitted, altered or resold except as stated below:- datas may be downloaded and used by private individuals for the purpose of planning their travel.- datas may be downloaded and used by professional bodies for the purpose of planning / making travel arrangements for their clients.- information, pictures and short extracts may be reproduced if the source is acknowledged, and/or africa adventure tourism network pty ltd has given written permission.downloading and resale of datasystematic downloading by automated data retrieval programs is prohibited. the resale of any data of africa adventure tourism network pty ltd is expressly prohibited without the prior written permission of africa adventure tourism network pty ltd.copyright and trademarksyou will not remove or alter africa adventure tourism network pty ltd trademarks and copyright notices, or related visual marks and logos, from the information provided or from any authorized reproduction of such materials. any unauthorised reproduction of any information provided will constitute a copyright infringement and render the doer liable under both civil and criminal law.privacy statementwhat type of information does africa adventure tourism network pty ltd collect?africa adventure tourism network pty ltd collects and stores various kinds of personally identifying information ("personal information") from users of africa adventure’s websites. certain information is collected automatically as part of the operations of this service, such as the internet protocol address of the users originating internet service provider, or the type of browser the user is using. africa adventure tourism network pty ltd also collects aggregate and individual information about the use of our service, including which pages are most frequently visited, how many visitors we receive daily, how long visitors stay on each page, and the types of content they select and view. a brief description of the information that africa adventure tourism network pty ltd collect follows:- ip address – the users ip address is a 12-digit number that is assigned to the users computer by the internet service provider each time the user logs on the internet. the ip address enables sites that the user visits to send data such as the web page to the users computer. ip addresses are automatically gathered by africa adventure’s web server and help diagnose problems with africa adventure’s server.- referrer - a "referrer" is the information sent by the users web browser that references the web url the user is linked from, and is automatically gathered by africa adventure’s web server. this information may be used to identify broad demographic trends that may be used to provide information tailored to the users interests.- environment variables - environment variables are things such as time, web browser type, operating system or platform, and cpu speed. this information is generally used to ensure compatibility of africa adventure’s software with the user's system and to identify broad demographic statistics.- cookies - cookies are tiny text files stored on the users computer by africa adventure’s web server and can be read only by the web server that placed the file. you may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. operating metrics - information regarding the usage of the software by the users in aggregate such as the average amount of time spent on pages or click-throughs sent. africa adventure tourist information may use the information to research the user habits in aggregate and understand the popularity and effectiveness of the services on offer.- e-mail – africa adventure only collects the user's e-mail address during the process of sending a message, inquiry or booking to the advertiser. the user's e-mail address is only used for sending a newsletter or participate in any online survey. you may opt out of any newsletter or mailing service by unsubscribing your e-mail address. it is our policy not to disclose the content of private communications except, as we believe necessary to comply with the law or legal process or government inquiry. the user should always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information on our or through africa adventure’s websites.how does africa adventure tourism network pty ltd use the information it collects?africa adventure tourism network pty ltd uses personal information to provide its service, to respond to the users requests, and to notify the user of updated information, changes to africa adventure’s website, or new products and services africa adventure offers. we may on occasion send the user information about the products and services of other companies africa adventure thinks may be of interest.africa adventure tourism network pty ltd uses demographic and service usage information collected from visitors to improve the usefulness of its service and to prepare aggregate, non-identifying, information used by africa adventure tourism network pty ltd and its partners for marketing, advertising, or similar activities.africa adventure uses google analytics, a web analytics service provided by google, inc. (“google”). google analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. the information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your ip address) will be transmitted to and stored by google on servers in the united states . google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on google’s behalf. google will not associate your ip address with any other data held by google. you may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. by using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.with whom does africa adventure tourism network pty ltd share the information?except as provided in this privacy policy africa adventure tourism network pty ltd will not share the user's personal information with any third party without the users consent. we may provide aggregate information about africa adventure’s customers, website traffic, or related activity for purposes of marketing or promotion. we may disclose information about the user if africa adventure tourism network pty ltd, in good faith, believes that it is required to do so by law or legal process, to respond to claims, or to protect the rights, property or safety of africa adventure tourism network pty ltd or others.how is the user's information protected?africa adventure tourism network pty ltd has security measures in place to protect the data of its users. all user data stored on our system is password protected and all passwords are one-way encrypted. in addition, employee access to member data is restricted and password protected.consentby using africa adventure’s websites, the user consents to africa adventure’s collection and use of information as described in this policy. if africa adventure tourism network pty ltd decides to change its privacy policy, it will post changes on this page. the user's continued use of africa adventure’s service after the posting of any changes constitutes the user's agreement to those changes.



protection of personal information act (popia - south africa)

protection of personal information (popia)africa adventure tourism network pty ltd has always taken measures to protect your personal information and we want to assure you of our full compliance with the act, and various related regulations, by providing an overview of key measures we have implemented in this regard.africa adventure tourism network pty ltd is serious about its responsibility in respect of securing the integrity and confidentiality of your personal information in its possession, or under its control, and we have taken appropriate and reasonable technical and organisational measures to prevent —(a) loss of, damage to, or unauthorised destruction of, your personal information; and,(b) unlawful access to, or processing of, your personal information.the business nature of africa adventure tourism network pty ltd is to promote tourism businesses to potential travellers by allowing to traveller to contact the business via its website, email address, phone number, social media channels as well as physical address and the like.africa adventure tourism network pty ltdwill not share other personal information with any third party without the users consent. we may provide aggregate information about africa adventure’s customers, website traffic, or related activity for purposes of marketing or promotion.we may disclose information about the user if africa adventure tourism network pty ltd, in good faith, believes that it is required to do so by law or legal process, to respond to claims, or to protect the rights, property or safety of africa adventure tourism network pty ltd or others.africa adventure tourism network pty ltd wishes to ensure that you are satisfied with the nature and extent of engagement we currently have with you, which include:- electronic mail communication (brochures, emailers, newsletters, general communication, and the like);- telephone calls;- smses, whatsapp messages, and the like.in the event that you wish to do any of the following in respect of the personal information we collect, store and process, please contact the information officer on info@africa-adventure.net- correct- update- delete- destroy- object to processing- object to direct marketing- any other related matter.



paia manual

paia africa adventure tourism network pty ltdpromotion of access to information act section 51 manual for private bodiescontents1. introduction2. contact and information officer details3. records available in terms of any other legislation4. access to the records held by the entity5. availability of the manual1. introductionafrica adventure tourism network pty ltd is a pty ltd (hereafter called the pty ltd).  the director  is ms andrea doerfert (hereafter called the director)africa adventure tourism network pty ltd is a tourism marketing operation, promoting tourism in sub saharan africa.registration number: for security reasons please inquire via emailincome tax registration no.:  for security reasons please inquire via emailvat registration no.:  for security reasons please inquire via emailbankers:  for security reasons please inquire via email2. contact & information officer detailscontact informationpostal address : p o box 330, villiersdorp, 6848physical address: for security reasons please inquire via emailtel:  +27 21 007 52 86website: https://africa-adventure.netelectronic mail address:  info@africa-adventure.netinformation officerthe information officer of africa adventure tourism network pty ltd is ms andrea doerfert and she may be contacted as indicated above.3. the section 10 guide on how to use the actthe guide on how to use the act will be available from the south african human rights commission by august 2003.please direct any queries to:the south african human rights commissionpaia unitthe research and documentation departmentpostal address : private bag 2700 * houghton * 2041telephone : +27 11 484-8300fax :          +27 11 484 0582website :   http://www.sahrc.org.zae-mail :      paia@sahrc.org.za4. access to the records held by the entityi. information available without requestwebsite https://.africa-adventure.netwebsite https://my.africa-adventure.dewebsite https://my.africa-adventure.infoii. all other information must be requested5.  availability of the paia manualthe manual is available for inspection at the following locations:at the business premises of the entity as detailed in section 2 above;from the south african human rights commission (sahrc) (see section 3 above)on the sahrc website: http://www.sahrc.org.zaon africa adventure's website: https://africa-adventure.net











        membership to africa adventure    apply for membership to africa adventure and be a verified service provider to local and international travellers.


    
        find out more ...    
    












copyright © 1998 - 2023 africa adventure.  africa adventure and africa adventure travel are the registered trade marks of africa adventure tourism network pty ltd
email: learn@africa-adventure.academy




 



