







qeip - domain consulting agents - serving investors, buyers, & sellers


































































domain & website brokers

















              about
            



              sales
            



              acquisitions
            



              testimonials
            







              closings/pricing
            
















domain & website brokers





about




sales




acquisitions




testimonials








closings/pricing
















domain industry blog
new brokerage announcements & domain industry insight





blog entries




carb.com - now for sale/lease for a limited time - 390k usd


thanks for your interest in carb.com - if you are interested in purchasing this domain, please click the button below to get in contact. some value points for the domain: 1. highly aged (seo benefits)(carb.com has been active since before 1996)  2. highly sought after (value appreciation)(145,000+ other websites use the term “carb” in their domain)  3. highly competitive (#1 brand of its keyword) (“carb” is taken in 81+ other extensions besides .com) 4. high comparable sales (best value indicator) (4 letter singular 1 word .com domains consistently sell in the 7-8 figure range)



use the button below to go to our contact page where you fill out a form to express your interest in this domain. note: we do not respond to inquiries that we deem to be unserious - unserious inquiries include those with too small of offers, ones without traceable contact/company names, & anyone potentially using shady tactics. 




    start purchase process for this domain
  



we believe it’s imperative to operate with the upmost transparency and goodwill as it relates to helping companies find the right brand - we will only do business with people  who respect our values.we understand that domain value is something not taught in business school but we ask that you do some research on it before attempting to make contact or putting together an offer. the domains we sell vary from $10k-$10m usd+ (and the prices we have are backed by market data) - chances are that if the domain in question is a high use generic domain (or is in a very rare category like 3 letter .com), it will be priced between at least 250k-1m. if you don’t have this kind of capital laying around, we are open to talking financing (but only to accredited individuals). thank you for taking the time to read this.













neil bostickdecember 4, 2024premium domain, domain for sale, domain investments







facebook0



twitter



linkedin0





0 likes















previous
myprivate.com - now for sale/lease for a limited time - 99k usd

neil bostickdecember 12, 2024premium domain, domain for sale, domain investments





next
jid.com is now for sale - 290k usd firm (expires 12/30/24)

neil bosticknovember 7, 2024premium domain, 3 letter .com lll 3l


















sign up with your email address to receive exclusive domain deals each week ↓ 









appraisals | investing | inventoryqeip llc © 2025 - all rights reserved. qeip.com | manhattan's #1 digital brand brokerage                                                                               careers | privacy | terms of use 































qeip.com is a group of experts on internet property that provide digital asset consulting and brokerage services designed to connect businesses/investors with domain & website owners. our team's experience in corporate sales in addition to ip management enable us to be the perfect intermediary to secure & sell digital property for you.  























