

townusa - your home town community connection and local information resource center & business services































 get your business online - get on the web free  the fastest way for your business to be found online is having your business listed on town usa yellow pages. frustrated by not having your business being found in the mix of unrelated information on standard search engines? let us provide for your business a simple concept  (it's fast, easy and free): your business viewed to users by search by either your name, your products & services, your phone# and your map location throughtown.com's "united states of america" town usa (town-usa.us) free business listings our mission to get america's businesses online - we are providing the following offer to all usa businesses:
your website & hosting with us is free! includes: unlimited pages, unlimited themes,  50 mb disk space & 10 gb transfer with unlimited bandwidth for your lifetime  while hosting on town usa (town-usa.us) and international websites at town.com secured servers. when signing up for your free website & hosting we will provide you your namservers to register:  all domain names, if you already do not have one, can now be registered with many different competing registrars. go to http://www.internic.net for detailed information. simple business listings are included free. also, free sitebuilder software and wordpress, themes, seo and more ... join the movement. get your business online. get on the web free. look for details & coming sign up form.


this your brand name domain name and hosting need not replace your existing site; or it can be your new website - links free to your business website - it can be your mainstreet listing - it is free with town.com and town-usa.us.  make it your largest mainstreet in the world free. 58% of us businesses do not have a website. over the next three years, businesses that make use of the web expect to grow 40% faster than those that don't. we are on a mission to change that; with getting your business online, it is fast, easy and free.

source: bcg report, "the connected world: the $4.2 trillion opportunity," march 2012







profile your business on america's greatest mainstreet





your home town community connection andlocal information resource center & business servicesclick here

community information and business servicessearch btb listings,  maps & directions,  search the world wide web,zip & area codes,  chambers of commerce listings,  free classifieds, yellow pages / fun things,   white pages / people & e-mail  and more ...click hereit systems hosting solutions andmanaged web automation companyclick hereinternet consulting, domain name registration, hosting, website content maintenance,  and more ... ibci ™ internet business consulting, inc. contact ibci.com click herepoint - click building - editing & publishing managed software for every business website included free






