



photoshop tutorials & adobe photoshop plugins | photoshopsupport.com























































our free adobe photoshop tutorials and videos have been separated into 6 collections: photoshop  tutorials for cs6, cs5,   cs4,  cs3, cs2, and cs1. 

			  if  you own an earlier version of photoshop,  the tutorials for later versions will include features you might not have.



10 things beginners want to know how to do in photoshop cc
 in this episode of adobe creative cloud tv, terry white shows you how to get started with adobe photoshop cc and covers the 10 things that beginners want to know how to do. if you're new to photoshop, this is the video you've been looking for!



photoshopsupport.com highlights - our most popular pages

jennifer apple's free adobe photoshop tutorials deal with web and blog design, photo and text effects, and adobe photoshop tips and tricks for beginners.

mysteries of the favicon.ico — how to create a favicon in photoshop
create tiny custom icons using photoshop.
photoshop blog templates — blog design tips and resources
photoshop tips (resources and templates) to improve your blog templates.
resize images in photoshop without losing sharpness
this simple photoshop trick will eliminate the blur often found after resizing.
turn a photo into a sketch in photoshop for making coloring books
use adobe photoshop to turn a photo into a sketch for a coloring book.
photoshop keyboard shortcuts for photoshop cs & cs2
how to edit and create sets of keyboard shortcuts in photoshop cs and cs2.

texture effects 2 $10 off and discount coupon for all topaz plugins
september 26, 2016

topaz labs is excited to announce the release of texture effects 2, with a new image processing engine that uses extensive gpu, 90 new textures, over 400 effects, new workflow features, and an improved user interface, texture effects 2 is better than ever. and if that isn't enough to excite every creative bone in your body, you can get $10 off texture effects 2 with special promo code tfx2 until october 30, 2016.

enter our exclusive discount coupon code photoshopsupport during the checkout process at topaz labs for an instant 15% discount on any topaz product, including bundles and upgrades.



topaz labs photoshop plug-ins are specifically designed to expand a photographer's creative toolbox by harnessing powerful image technology developments. photographers everywhere are now taking advantage of the creative exposure effects, artistic simplification, unique edge manipulation, and top-of-the-line noise reduction offered in topaz products.  the topaz photoshop plugins bundle is a super powerful photoshop plugins package. 

amazing pro nik photoshop plugins - 100% off - 100% free!
 i've been meaning to tell you about this super deal, finally a real one - how about an amazing package of pro plugins for free?

thanks to google, it's happening right now. starting immediately, the latest nik collection will be freely available to download: analog efex pro, color efex pro, silver efex pro, viveza, hdr efex pro, sharpener pro and dfine.

easily create the photos you’ve imagined with six powerful plug-ins for photoshop, lightroom, or aperture with the nik collection. use u point technology to selectively edit just the parts of your photos that need touching up without losing time on complex masks and selections.

 photoshop brushes - free adobe photoshop brushes

our photoshop brushes page has links to all kinds of amazing photoshop brush sites, all handpicked by jennifer apple. we also offer some great free sets from janita of seishido and kirsty of 500ml brushes — including a very popular valentine brush set filled with hearts and romantic gestures.

				also see our free high resolution photoshop brushes directory, where you'll find an amazing collection of high-res free photoshop brush sets, and we've collected some of stephanie's original brushes on a special obsidian dawn photoshop brushes page, with big preview images for each set. you'll also find her great random tips for using photoshop brushes.

free photoshop actions & photoshop actions tutorials

find links to great free adobe photoshop actions on our photoshop actions page. also look for free tutorials and free actions from gavin phillips. the toning with duotones, tritones and quadtones tutorial will teach you how to create duotones, tritones and quadtones inside of photoshop. at the end of the tutorial you'll find a link to 8 custom duotone/tritones as a complimentary download.

				gavin has also kindly written up a nice photoshop actions tutorial that will give you a quick course on photoshop actions. that tutorial ends with 3 free photoshop actions that produce beautiful photographic effects.

adobe photoshop lightroom - who needs it?

if you have managed to live without photoshop lightroom up until now, what makes it so fantabulous/damned hot that you need to place it at the top of your software wish list? read adobe photoshop lightroom - who needs it? by mark galer for some thoughts on lightroom's top features. from the intro:

photoshop lightroom has had somewhat of an identity crisis amongst the general population of photographers since its release in early 2007. the adobe engineers built it to fill a gap in the photoshop family of products (photoshop cs3 and photoshop elements being the other two family members) but many amongst the photographic community have not been able to identify its primary task to make it the ‘must have’ product that adobe hoped it would become for all digital photographers. read adobe photoshop lightroom - who needs it?

new photoshop cs5 tutorials and photoshop cs5 video tutorials
				make sure to see our latest photoshop cs5 tutorials and photoshop cs5 video tutorials. are you a student or teacher? get up to 80% off at the adobe education store.

 new to photoshop cs5 - merge to hdr pro
			    the auto alignment, lens correction, remove ghosting and expanded controls for rebuilding detail and contrast are now so good it will firmly establish photoshop cs5 as the software of choice for photographers interested in hdr photography.

russell brown's top 5 photoshop cs5 features
				russell brown, photoshop senior creative director, presents his favorites from over 100 new features, including content-aware fill, puppet warp, hdr pro, realistic paint brushes, and new selections tools for the trickiest elements like hair.

photoshop cs5 brush  and painting features video
content-aware fill in cs5
 how to create an hdr effect in photoshop 

adobe photoshop tutorials from photoshop expert mark galer

			  we are very proud to be hosting these amazing tutorials from photoshop expert mark galer. an internationally acclaimed author and teacher, mark's photoshop tutorials are comprehensive, yet easy to follow, and will bring your skills to a professional level.

create a faux holga effect in photoshop
getting tired of pin-sharp, noise-free, character-free images from your 24 megapixel pro dslr?
						    then try this grunge effect to give your images the toy camera aesthetic - think weird – think grunge, think art! the treatment outlined in this tutorial is also available as an automated photoshop action that can be downloaded from www.markgaler.com. read the full how to create a holga effect in photoshop tutorial.

create an hdr effect using tonal mapping in elements 9

in this tutorial mark galer demonstrates how to give your photographs a ‘tonal mapping’ or ‘faux hdr’ treatment to create a signature style. mark galer shows you how to boost detail by pushing some adjustments in photoshop elements 9 to the max.

how to sharpen an image in photoshop — advanced sharpening techniques
the best sharpening techniques are those that prioritize the important areas for sharpening and leave the smoother areas of the image well alone, e.g. sharpening the eyes of a portrait but avoiding the skin texture. these advanced techniques are essential when sharpening images that have been scanned from film or have excessive noise, neither of which needs accentuating by the unsharp mask. so let the project begin.

selecting & extracting hair - masking tutorial - extraction tips
your number one essential step for success is to first shoot your model against a white backdrop, sufficiently illuminated so that it is captured as white rather than gray. the post-production is the easy bit - simply apply the correct sequence of editing steps and the magic is all yours. this is not brain surgery — but follow these simple steps and you will join the elite ranks of photoshop gurus around the world. celebrity status is just a few clicks away.

photoshop masking & montage tutorial — using masks to improve landscape images
use the displace filter & displacement maps to make a realistic flag
working with photomerge in photoshop elements 6 for windows
working with shadows in adobe photoshop - advanced shadow techniques

adobe photoshop cookbook series — free sample recipes

				these sample recipes are presented as tutorials and are a great way to develop your photoshop skills. adobe photoshop tutorials include:
				• whitening teeth & eyes
• creating black and white from color
• how to create a high-contrast sketch
• andy warhol pop art silkscreen effect
• scraped polaroid picture effect
• van gogh effect - van gogh's sunflowers
• daguerreotypes - the louis daguerre photo effect
• autochrome - color process photo effect
• powder pastels — hand-coloring image tips
• selective coloring — remove color from an image
• hand tinting — tips for photo coloring effects
• watercolor — creating artistic painterly effects
• photoshop fine art effects - create a cubist look
• photoshop fine art effects - cross-processing
• ink outlines — how to give an image a drawn look.

adobe photoshop cs4 resource center - photoshop cs4 free tutorials

you can find the latest news for photoshop cs4 on our new adobe photoshop cs4 resource center, plus links to free photoshop cs4 tutorials, photoshop cs4 video tutorials, and cs4 tips and tricks.

                want to read about new features in photoshop cs4? see our adobe photoshop cs4 new features walk through by photoshop expert philip andrews. it highlights all the new photoshop cs4 features. also see our new free photoshop cs4 training page.                                    
adobe photoshop cs3 - photoshop 10 - resource center

 for photoshop cs3 tutorials see our photoshop cs3 tutorials page. photoshop cs3 extended includes all of the features in photoshop cs3 plus specialized features for editing 3d and motion-based content and for performing image analysis. the mac version of the download is 759.57 mb, the windows version is 463.59 mb. for more info on photoshop cs3 see our photoshop cs3 resource center, which has the latest photoshop cs3 news, photoshop cs3 articles and photoshop cs3 reviews.

adobe dreamweaver  resource center

 you can find the latest news for dreamweaver cs4 on our new adobe dreamweaver cs4 resource center. there's not much yet, but as soon as dreamweaver cs4  is released we'll have the news for you. in the meantime, there are  some dreamweaver cs4 beta video tutorials. and as soon as they are available, we'll have links to free dreamweaver cs4 tutorials, cs4 video tutorials, cs4 tips and tricks.

adobe illustrator   resource center - adobe illustrator  free tutorials
                go to our new adobe illustrator resource center page to find the latest news for adobe illustrator cs4. there's not much yet, but fireworks cs4 beta has been released. in the meantime, look for the latest illustrator cs4 news articles. 

adobe acrobat pro 9 cs4 resource center - adobe acrobat cs4 free tutorials, acrobat pro cs4 free trial download

go to our new adobe acrobat pro 9 cs4 resource center page to find the latest news for adobe acrobat pro cs4. you'll also find links to free acrobat pro cs4 tutorials, acrobat pro cs4 video tutorials, acrobat pro cs4 tips and tricks.

photoshop masking plugin fluid mask 3 now only $129

our friends at vertus, the makers of fluid mask 3 photoshop plugin, have set up a special exclusive discount for photoshopsupport.com. buy now for only $129. just follow this discount link and instantly get $20 off your purchase of fluid mask 3. 

photoshop tutorials from creativebits

we're very proud to be hosting these great tutorials by ivan raszl of creativebits. his tutorials include how to remove red eye from photographs, how to make diamond plated brushed metal, how to create brushed aluminum, how to create water drops, how to turn photos from color to black and white, how to create seamless tiles in photoshop, how to place artwork on uneven surfaces to make waving flags, and the very popular series photoshop tips & tricks volume 1, 2 3, 4, 5, and 6.

adobe photoshop tutorials & articles by jennifer farley

use photoshop to add a title to an image - working with text
designing with paragraphs of type - photoshop type tool tips
hand colouring a black and white photo in photoshop
how to make a dotted line brush in photoshop
adobe photoshop drop shadows - drop shadow tips
working with photoshop blending modes & opacity
matching image sizes when dragging between documents
photoshop photo effect - haunted grungy look
using photoshop's art history brush to create a painting effect

photo recovery resource center
our new photo recovery resource center will point you to resources for immediate digital photo recovery. these are expert solutions that we strongly recommend in the case of catastrophic events like a total hard drive crash or a corrupted media card. you'll find information on drivesavers, an acclaimed company that specializes in safe and complete hard drive recovery, and information on photorescue, which is currently the most popular and successful digital photo software available for photo recovery, and which includes the ability to undelete invisible files.


				we've created a new section — photoshop elements resource center — with free photoshop elements tutorials, and the latest photoshop elements books. also added a collection of free adobe photoshop elements 3 video tutorials courtesy of total training.


					this special section offers you digital photography news, articles, books, and a special camera raw section.


					get all the latest news and information on apple's aperture digital photography software at our new aperture resource center. this directory will list all the latest aperture tutorials and aperture reviews as they become available.


our free fonts directory offers a comprehensive list of free font resources.


our free stock photos directory offers a comprehensive list of free stock photo resources.


stock photo agency directory - list of fee-based royalty free stock photo agencies.


					find information and links to a wide variety of commercial plugins, brushes and actions, as well as free plugins, free brushes, and free plug-in resource sites. you'll also find links to monitor calibration solutions.

wacom pen tablets
					all of wacom's tablets are pressure sensitive - they literally feel the full range of pressure from the pen on the tablet. see our wacom tablets page for more information.


					our photoshop resources center has links to adobe's online photoshop resources, online and video-based photoshop training programs, great photoshop forums, and the best photoshop books, photoshop magazines and design magazines. you'll also find links to stock photo websites, photography resources, and other interesting photoshop sites.


we've been adding to our inspiration section. you'll find exclusive photos from face of tomorrow, the beautiful and mysterious photos of marshall sokoloff, some mesmerizing photos from jeff t. alu that use dodge and burn techniques, the work of technical illustration master kevin hulsey, selections from file magazine, an amazing piece of photoshop work by james porto, some extraordinary celestial art from greg martin, some magical underwater encounters from catherine salisbury, and a stunning piece of photo-realism from photoshop guru bert monroy.

james porto "new york magazine cover"



					in our stock photos section you'll find a comprehensive list of fee-based stock photo agencies.


learn more about photoshopsupport.com and about futura studios on the contact page. you'll also find a feedback form you can use to send us a message.


all searches are now powered by google. on our advanced search page you can read tips on how to improve your results when searching the site.


					use our site map to locate a specific page or section of the website.

photo credit: tracing & blending of nasa photos, + ps-generated stars & comet.
© 2004 eric martin of futura studios 



















photoshop blog
news, links and tips.
































15% discount
photoshop plugins
								      at a great price!














15% discount
photoshop plugins
								      at a great price!








genuine fractals
plugin suite bundle








cs5 center - main
cs5 free tutorials
cs5 free trial



















free newsletter
													free monthly prizes.












fluid mask - $20 off
fluid mask tour










15% discount
photoshop plugins
								      at a great price!









15% discount
photoshop plugins
								      at a great price!






 
cs4 center - main
cs4 free tutorials
cs4 free trial







dw center - main
dw free tutorials
dw video clips
dw templates







flash - main
flash tutorials
flash templates







photoshop dealsphotoshop specials.








15% discount
photoshop plugins
								      at a great price!











													turn your photoshop
													designs into websites
													with sitegrinder








photoshop cs3
ps cs3 tutorials










10% discount
genuine fractals
photoshop mask pro
photoframe pro
plugin suite








pse main page
pse free tutorials
pse free clips











pen tablet center











photo recovery
hard drive recovery








lightroom - main
lr free tutorials
lr resources







aperture - main
aperture tutorials
aperture reviews







photoshop tutorials
free tutorials
photoshop 9 - cs2
free cs2 tutorials
photoshop brushes
free brushes
photoshop plugins
free plugins
photoshop actions
free actions
photoshop training
free video clips
free stock photos
free photos
free fonts directory
free fonts
free textures
free textures
digital cameras
resource center
inspiration
websites & artists
photoshop news
latest news
photoshop books
latest releases
color resources
color management
just for kids
photoshop for kids
how-to articles
photoshop articles
golive site
golive tutorials
quick answers
photoshop faq
get in touch
feedback form































main          news          tutorials          tools          resources

articles          faq          advanced search          contact          site map










© 1999-2015 photoshopsupport.com
										all rights reserved - may not be reproduced without permission
										some material reproduced by permission of copyright owners
										all trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners
						[this website is intended as a public service - read our privacy policy]
									• navigation bar inspired by griffin technology •
									• website design and development by futura studios •
									• web hosting provided by hostway •

















advanced search











