






homepage - back from the brink
 


















































































 
 
      










































home
about

why act now
our organizing approach
who we are
contact us


our solutions

pursue global elimination
renounce first use
end sole authority
end hair-trigger alert
cancel enhanced weapons


who’s on board

organizations
municipalities & states
elected officials
civic leaders & experts


take action

endorse the campaign
join a hub
start a hub
use our advocacy tools
2025 activism tips & tools


learn

nuclear weapons 101
past events
multimedia
legislation


news & updates
donate

donate
other ways to give


 





select page


  
 



 



 


















we’re bringing communities together to prevent the growing threat that nuclear weapons pose to our health, environment, and all we hold dear.

sign up for our mailing list












our solutions

back from the brink is a us-based grassroots coalition of individuals, organizations and elected officials working together toward a world free of nuclear weapons and advocating for common sense nuclear weapons policies to secure a safer, more just future. we call on the united states to lead a global effort to prevent nuclear war by:




actively pursuing a verifiable agreement among nuclear-armed states to eliminate their nuclear arsenals






renouncing the option of using nuclear weapons first






ending the sole, unchecked authority of any u.s. president to launch a nuclear attack






taking u.s. nuclear weapons off hair-trigger alert






cancelling the plan to replace the entire u.s. nuclear arsenal with enhanced weapons



learn more about our solutions







latest news







engaging with the upcoming third meeting of states parties to the treaty on the prohibition of nuclear weapons

jan 29, 2025last week, the treaty on the prohibition of nuclear weapons (tpnw) celebrated its birthday – the 4th anniversary of its entry into force on january 22, 2021, after it was ratified by 50 countries. in early march, representatives of countries that have signed and...





working for a city council resolution in watertown, ma

jan 28, 2025from tony palomba (peace and common security working group | watertown citizens for peace, justice, and the environment) this past fall, our working group decided that one of the best ways to raise awareness about the existential dangers of nuclear war was to use a...





gearing up for 2025 – activism tips & tools

jan 16, 2025back from the brink is here to help you gear up for 2025 with tips and tools to inform, empower and motivate you. curious about nuclear weapons? interested in becoming an activist? here are things you can read, things you can share, and things you can do. get started...






more news








you, me, all of us









syracuse, ny
evanston, il
oregon
portsmouth, nh
los angeles, ca
salt lake city, ut







nuclear weapons threaten all of us, everything, our future, all we hold dear. they are inherently unjust. their production, testing, and waste continue to disproportionately harm communities of color. the elimination of nuclear weapons is deeply linked to other pressing concerns such as racial and economic justice, militarism, preserving our democracy, and confronting climate change. 
all people deserve to be safe and to have a voice in decisions affecting their security. back from the brink gives everyone a simple way to speak out, be involved, and make a difference. individuals, organizations, municipalities. activists, elected officials, scientists, doctors, faith leaders, veterans, students, artists, working folks. you, me, all of us.
together we are making “nuclear weapons a local issue” and connecting them with the real-life security and safety concerns that people and communities face every day.





endorse back from the brink







who’s on board?






organizations




municipalities & counties




state legislative bodies




municipal & state officials




members of congress





see who's on board







advocacy tools












organizing toolkit






endorsement request






h

sample resolution






organizing materials





 

 













follow us 

followfollowfollowfollow



contact details 




info@preventnuclearwar.org 









 




© 2017 - 2024
  back from the brink | privacy policy 










 











sign up below to receive occasional email updates about the back from the brink campaign and actions you can take to reduce and eliminate the threat of nuclear war. 

















join us






thank you for signing up for back from the brink news and information!











sign up below to receive occasional email updates about the back from the brink campaign and actions you can take to reduce and eliminate the threat of nuclear war. 

















join us






thank you for signing up for back from the brink news and information!











 join back from the brink today! we'll send emails with news and actions you can take to help create a safer, healthier, and more just world. you can unsubscribe at any time.


















sign up






thank you for signing up for back from the brink news and information! 






pin it on pinterest


 
join our mailing list! stay up to date on back from the brink news and updates. we will be gentle with your inbox, and will not share your contact information.

 





























































