



































ny aap chapter 2dedicated to the health of all children 

membership value

chapter fact sheet

member value flyer


chapter 2 legislative update
president’s recent newsletter
president’s newsletters archive
new moc component – “stop, look and listen”


about

executive board
staff/contact us
strategic plan

breastfeeding initiative


past presidents


advocacy

covid immunization
masking – january 2022
2021 budget, policies and practical issues

letter to gov. cuomo re: child poverty


2021 legislative priorities
memos of support 2021

child poverty reduction act
school potable water testing
support – reopening schools

reopening schools press release


adult marijuana statement
flame retardants


2020 policy, budget and practical issues
2020 legislative priorities

safe storage of firearms
standing orders in newborn nurseries


memos of support 2020

telehealth payments
ma’s to vaccinate
child poverty
tobacco tax
influenza vaccination for school age children


2020 memos of opposition

2020 marijuana statement
vaping
flavored tobacco


anti-racism statement
hud verification of eligible status
impact of poverty on children – benard dreyer
value based primary care letter
addressing the opioid crisis
what we are doing at the federal level

influenza vaccine for migrant children
newborn screening saves lives act
vaccines act
empower for health act




parents

information for parents on vaccine safety
links
cannabis usage


physicians

covid vaccine: 6 m- 4 y
resources

runaway and homeless youth
suicide prevention
covid-19 resources

pediatric council update #13- covid vaccines
pediatric council update #12: covid-19 & local payer updates
pediatric council update #11: local payer updates
pediatric council update #10: local payer updates
pediatric council update #9: local payer updates
pediatric council update #8: covid 19 local payer update
pediatric council update #7:  applying for cares act funding & vaccine advocacy
pediatric council update #6:  covid-19 local payer updates
covid-19 resources – 5/28/20
pediatic council update #5: local payer updates
pediatric council update #4:  aap & local payer updates
covid-19 resources – 4/21/20
covid-19 resources – 4/8/20
covid-19 resources – 3/27/20
covid-19 resources – 3/16/20


help me grow – long island
nys patient centered medical home

newsletter december 2018
newsletter october 2018
newsletter august 2018


fetal alcohol syndrome webinar
recorded webinars
links


catch
pediatric council
practice management
project teach

mental health support services


nys congenital zika testing guidelines
career center


committees

children with disabilities

adhd resources


emergency preparedness
environmental health & climate change

position statement on climate change


fetus and newborn
infectious disease

covid vaccine: 6 m – 4 y
administering covid vaccines


injury prevention

aap mourns death of children and teacher in texas
gun safety and violence prevention


suicide prevention
nutrition
youth and adolescence


calendar
pediatric blog

older blogs







member information as a member of aap ny chapter 2, you will be a voice united with over 4,100 pediatricians in the nys aap, working to achieve optimal physical, mental and social well-being for infants, children, adolescents and young adults, and to improve the practice of pediatrics in new york state.
what is the value of joining aap ny chapter 2?

advocacy on a wide variety of local and state issues impacting children and pediatricians in nys
leadership, mentoring and networking opportunities, including committee participation
educational opportunities and resources, such as cme meetings, conferences and e-news
discounted vaccines and an employment page for posting/searching jobs

member value flyer
to join both national aap and new york chapter 2
if you are a member of the aap and wish to join ny chapter 2
if you would only like to join ny chapter 2 as an affiliate at this time
 
what have aap ny chapter 2 and the nys aap done lately?
free educational programs

foster care conference – links to the lectures are here.


the aap national elections are on the horizon!  the candidates this year are:


andrew d. racine, md, phd, faap


lily j. lou, md, faap



immunization victory!
new york gov. andrew cuomo (d) signed legislation thursday, june 13, 2019, to end religious exemptions for vaccines.  the legislation comes as the u.s. grapples with one of its worst outbreaks of measles in years.
non-medical vaccine exemption legislation statement
 
 

 

about us the new york chapter of the aap was established in 1949 as an endorsed chapter affiliate of the national organization.  the aap is a national organization composed of over 55,000 pediatricians.  there are approximately 1,500 members in new york chapter 2.
new york chapter 2 is a non-profit organization with the following objectives:

to improve the health and welfare of all infants, children, adolescents and young adults in the state of new york.
to unite qualified pediatricians of lower new york state into a representative organization for the advancement of the practice of pediatrics.
to study the scientific, educational, social, economic, and legislative aspects of medicine in order to maintain the highest standards of practice in pediatrics, and to prepare and recommend necessary changes in existing or contemplated medical programs.
to further the policies and the objectives of the american academy of pediatrics at the state and local level.
to promote excellence in pediatric care by organizing programs of post-graduate education.

 
 


welcomecongratulation to the following physicians who have received outstanding achievement awards from the american academy of pediatrics new york chapter 2 in 2024:

anthony j. battista, md, faap, for countless years of service as the ny chapter 2 webmaster.
gary krigsman, md, faap, for his focused and enthusiastic work as the ny chapter 2 suicide prevention ambassador.
shetal shah, md, faap, for deep, unwavering commitment to helping our chapter grow and thrive through advocacy, grants, service to the community, and educational programs.

new york chapter 2 which has received the chapter excellence – large chapter category award from the american academy of pediatrics in 2020.
welcome to our website!  this website is a publication of new york chapter 2  and is intended to be a forum for information and communication among the chapter membership, individuals and groups interested in the well being of children.  the president of new york chapter 2 is sanjivan v. patel, md, faap; dr. patel can be contacted through the chapter office.
webmaster: e-mail: ajbattista@aol.com
nys aap – chapter 2 office
phone: (516) 326-0310
po box 1411
smithtown, ny 11787
 

social
view american-academy-of-pediatrics-new-york-chapter-2-190372411934’s profile on facebookview @nysaapch2’s profile on twitter

upcoming events



			there are no upcoming events.
		


					view calendar
					




aap websites
 
american academy of pediatrics
aap district ii (new york state aap)
ny chapter 1
ny chapter 3
ny chapter 2 pediatric societies

brooklyn pediatric society
nassau pediatric society
queens pediatric society
suffolk pediatric society




what’s new
suicide prevention ambassador program: overview and resource information including hotline numbers and links.
hassle factor form for retail based clinics (requires aap login)









return to top of pagecopyright © 2025 ·  genesis framework · wordpress · log in 











