    

tourism top end | experience the incredible northern territory































           


 




25% off all nt experiences!book now for travel between 9 december and march 2025. discount applied automatically!






    
















           


















   

1300 138 886

                 



   book now 



my itinerary



  my cart      
local weather

32°c



   









     







toggle navigation
















homedealsregionsstayall accommodationsearch by locationhotels, motels & resortscaravan parks & campingvillas & retreatsbackpackers & budgetself-contained apartments unique accommodationhousesstudio/apartmentswilderness retreatswhat's onthings to dodiscover darwinsupercars 2025million dollar fishmotor cross grand prixdarwin comedy festivalcar hireplan tripgetting aroundmapssuggested itinerariesgetting aroundinformationtop end holiday guideaccessibilitytravelling with petspark pass and aboriginal land permit weather & reportscontact uscruisecruise shipsboat cruisesbusiness eventsconference landing pagestop end meeting and events guidegift vouchers




      
      


 
discount scheme






    



















kununurra country club resort 
hilton darwin
hilton garden inn darwin
ivanhoe village resort
knotts crossing resort
discovery parks - lake kununurra
lakeview apartments
litchfield outback resort-lil ripper cafe,...
cooinda lodge kakadu
oaks cable beach sanctuary
alatai holiday apartments 
kakadu lodge & caravan park
city gardens apartments
coconut grove holiday apartments
cullen bay resorts
mercure darwin airport resort
rydges darwin central
davidsons arnhemland safaris
desert palms alice springs
douglas daly holiday park
darwin freespirit resort  
mercure kakadu crocodile hotel
big4 hidden valley holiday park - nt
big4 howard springs holiday park
big4 breeze holiday parks - katherine
leaders creek fishing base
litchfield tourist park
travelodge resort darwin
mt bundy station
novotel darwin cbd
palms city resort
point stuart wilderness lodge
frontier hotel
metro advance apartments & hotel darwin
mantra on the esplanade
discovery parks - katherine
mindil beach casino resort
st andrews serviced apartments
the cavenagh
tumbling waters holiday park
walkabout lodge
anbinik kakadu resort
breeze holiday parks - mary river
doubletree by hilton esplanade darwin
bluestone motor inn
bamurru plains
discovery parks - alice springs
daly river roadside inn
daly waters historic pub
manbulloo homestead & caravan park
mataranka roadhouse
bond springs outback retreat
groote eylandt lodge
novotel darwin airport
lorella springs wilderness park
banyan farm tourist park
pandanus on litchfield
dundee beach holiday park
goldfields hotel motel
argus apartments darwin
pine creek railway resort 
adina apartment hotel darwin waterfront 
lazy lizard caravan park
vibe darwin waterfront
savannah way motel borroloola
discovery resorts – lake argyle
mantra pandanas
curtin springs wayside inn
renner springs desert inn
wintersun cabin and caravan park
daly river barra resort
the bark hut inn
seven emu station
adelaide river inn
dundee beach sholly shack
freshwater east kimberley apartments
corroboree park tavern
batchelor butterfly and animal farm 
beagle motor inn 
cicada lodge
discovery parks - darwin
batchelor holiday park
club tropical resort
courtyard by marriott darwin 
nitmiluk campground
oaks elan darwin
doubletree by hilton alice springs
crab claw island resort
wiligi experience out of arnhemland
ramada suites zen quarter darwin 
the purple mango cafe & brewery
rydges palmerston - darwin
h on mitchell apartment hotel 
argus hotel darwin
darwin river tavern
nitmiluk cabins
bungle bungle savannah lodge
mount hart wilderness lodge
tourism central australia
coolalinga tourist park
darwin city hotel
banyan tree resort
skippers at dundee
katherine motel
hideaway litchfield
banubanu beach retreat
dinybulu lodge
territory manor motel & caravan park
magnum serviced apartments
daly waters hi-way inn
larrimah wayside inn
tiwi island retreat
capitanos
bullo river station
mom darwin yha
campervan & motorhome club of australia (c...
hudson parap
top end visitor information centre car ren...
contour hotel katherine
acacia hills caravan park
hudson berrimah
humpty doo hotel
roper bar park & store
buku-larrnggay mulka centre
mainoru outstation store
darwin waterfront short stay apartments
k - town hotel
dundee beach house
finniss river lodge
darwin resort
ngurrungurrudjiba (yellow water) campgroun...
gorge view bush retreat 
borroloola hotel motel
barra or blue bnb
litchfield safari camp
darwin esplanade central apartment hotel 
lee point village resort
dch on mitchell
shawns tours
zen luxury retreats
yknot getaway
heartbreak hotel
timber creek travellers rest
darwin poinciana inn
yanawal units
dundee beach oasis
airport resort poolside packages




       book accommodation   book tours      


accommodation
find accommodation



car hire
find a ride



tours & attractions
find tours

        














   
       explore the top end    
    
      darwin   kakadu   arnhem land   katherine    tennant creek &
barkly region    uluru   alice springs        view all routes explorer's way savannah way nature's way arnhem way litchfield loop             explore the top end    arnhem land darwin & surrounds kakadu national park & surrounds katherine & surrounds  




the northern territory is vast. occupying about one sixth of australia's total land mass, its boundaries encompass a variety of contrasting landscapes and experiences, best tackled by exploring a few key destinations - each with their own distinct personality, we urge you to experience the wonders of our region. we can help with all your tours, car hire and accommodation in darwin, kakadu, katherine, litchfield and arnhem land.




darwin & surrounds


the darwin region incorporates darwin, litchfield national park, the tiwi islands and the peninsula way. darwin is a lively harbour city well-known as australia’s gateway to world-class nature and cultural experiences. this is the perfect base to enjoy fresh seafood, explore majestic waterfalls, go fishing for the catch of a lifetime and watch the sunset over the ocean.
explore region



kakadu & surrounds


the kakadu region incorporates kakadu and the wildlife and wetlands region. world heritage-listed kakadu national park, covering almost 20,000 square kilometres, is a place of contrasting landscapes and diverse habitats. within the park and wildlife & wetlands region, you'll see saltwater crocodiles lurk in freshwater billabongs dotted with lotus lilies, waterfalls cascade into pools fringed with pandanus.
explore region



arnhem land


the arnhem land region incorporates west and east arnhem land.
in arnhem land, you can explore a spectacular landscape with unspoilt shores and timeless culture. the scenery is beautiful and diverse, with rugged coastlines, remote islands, rivers teeming with fish, lush rainforest, towering escarpments and savannah woodland. arnhem land is made up of 91,000 square kilometres.
explore region



katherine


the katherine region incorporates katherine, douglas & daly river regions, timber creek & victoria river and borroloola & the gulf region. explore famous nitmiluk (katherine) gorge, great fishing, hidden natural wonders and a rich indigenous and pioneering history. the region stretches from the gulf of carpentaria to the west australia border.
explore region



barkly


when journeying the stuart highway, you’ll find tennant creek and the barkly tablelands 1000 kilometres south of darwin and 500 kilometres north of alice springs. here, you can discover the iconic karlu karlu/devils marbles as well as the gold mining history, aboriginal culture and large cattle stations this outback region is known for.
explore region



alice springs


alice springs is a spirited outback centre, framed by the macdonnell ranges, larapinta trail and desert landscape. here you can see stunning landscapes, explore a unique pioneering history and a mix of contemporary and traditional art. 
explore region



uluru


one of the great natural wonders of the world, uluru towers above the surrounding landscape at 348 metres. located approximately 460 kilometres southwest of alice springs, you’ll find this world heritage-listed treasure right in the heart of uluru-kata tjuta national park, a place that speaks of timeless folklore, rich indigenous culture and great spirituality.
explore region


      regions drive times self drive routes       






suggested itineraries

need some inspiration? take a look at our suggested itineraries.
view all itineraries











nature & wildlife

visit wetlands and waterfalls, see crocodiles and wildlife.
nature & wildlife experiences













territory champion nominations

during your visit was there someone who went above and beyond to help make your experience in the territory that extra bit special?
nomination form











adventure

weave through varied landscapes on an adventurous tour
find your next adventure













aboriginal experiences

explore rock art, sample bush tucker & learn traditional weaving.
find indigenous experiences











world class fishing

fish for barra and more in lush billabongs, rivers & coastlines.
find fishing adventures











wwii history

discover an important key chapter of australia’s military history.
discover wwii history







  view all things to do  








top end holiday guide

view the guide








talk to a local
our team of local experts at the travel and information centre are here to share their top tips and recommended experiences.
say hello





   
events in the territory






19jan



family friendly

flix in the wet


the iconic deckchair cinema is closed during the wet season, during this time we run flix in the wet in the air-con... more










20feb



major events

travelling film festival - darwin


the travelling film festival (tff), australia’s longest running travelling film festival, showcases australian and ... more






see all events

    follow us tourismtopend   
                                   receive monthly deals, news and events! subscribe to our newsletter to receive all of the above and more  









state:


northern territory
western australia
victoria
new south wales
queensland
south australia
tasmania
australian capital territory










        
choose to book with the top end's local experts







personalised travel 
advice and inspiration 
from local experts






free booking service
– online, over the 
phone and in-person






accredited visitor information
centre in darwin



     

need a hand choosing or booking your top end adventure?
talk to a local

              bookeasy login 
local weather

32°c




    book with confidencethe distinctive "tick" logo displayed by accredited tourism businesses provides you with an assurance that the tourism business has a proven commitment to the highest quality of service.     our partners     sitemapdisclaimerterms & conditionsprivacy policyindustry / member websitebecome a volunteer       the top end visitor information centre honours their commitment to operate with respect for aboriginal cultural heritage, including cultural protocols and authenticity. 
            copyright © 2025 tourism top end powered by bookeasy, developed by impart media   back to top         









 

      
  × subscribe to our mailing list           * indicates required  email address  *     first name  *     last name     post code     state  *   select state northern territory western australia victoria new south wales queensland south australia tasmania australian capital territory international              
 
    






 