





many mansions non-profit - affordable housing & service provider



many mansions non-profit - affordable housing & service provider
























































































 











skip to content


 

 


many mansions

building homes, enriching loves, uplifting communities




about

who we serve
leadership

board of directors
executive staff bios


media & press
impact & financial reports


programs

supportive services
youth programs

camp many mansions


college & career program

vicky’s scholarship fund


community services


housing

current communities
projects in development


get engaged

volunteer opportunities
holiday helpers
board committees & workgroups
real estate alliance
corporate engagement


events

45th anniversary celebration dinner
community builders
hillcrest villas 10th anniversary
bowls of hope community event
vicky’s scholarship fund


contact us
ways to give

adelante
community builders
donate
real estate alliance program
legacy gifts




 












welcome to many mansions

















many mansions is a non-profit organization that provides well-managed, service-enriched, affordable housing to low-income residents of southern california. we operate 22 communities consisting of over 840 units of affordable housing. we serve more than 1,900 of the most vulnerable members of our community. our residents include families of very low-income, seniors, veterans, disabled individuals, and those who were homeless. our mission is to provide homes and inspire hope through quality housing, services, and education. as long as there is a need for affordable housing in our community we will seek ways to provide families with a place to call home.
learn more about many mansions















our mission
our mission is to develop and maintain quality affordable housing and to provide services that enrich the lives of our residents, uplifting the community. we envision a vibrant, inclusive community where everyone has access to affordable housing and the support needed to thrive.












							give today						

we believe that everyone deserves a place to call home. with a donation, at any amount, you are creating the foundation that makes every day of our work possible.

								
						   support our programs	
					







							we believe						

providing homes, inspiring hope   at many mansions we believe everyone deserves a place to call home and an opportunity to improve their quality of life. in addition to well-run, dignified housing we provide on-site services and programs designed to help residents thrive. adult residents often need help finding work, managing their finances, and stabilizing […]

								
						   read more	
					









contact ushousing central office
1425 e thousand oaks boulevard
thousand oaks, ca 91362

phone (805) 496-4948, ext.125 for all housing questions 
fax (805) 498-4948
main office
1259 e. thousand oaks boulevard 
thousand oaks, ca 91362

phone (805) 496-4948
fax (805) 497-1305
send us a message

real estate license 
many mansions  (bre # 02003927) 

resourcesdirectory
careers
forms
privacy notice
sitemap
 

donate todayget involved today by making a donation. many mansions is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. 

connect with us
	join many mansions monthly newsletter to learn about the latest news, activities, and community updates!
join our newsletter
learn more about the general waiting lists for our housing!
learn more


   

   
 



© 2025 copyright • many mansions  |  website powered by wp by hand




























