






pimlico software







  
 pimlico
software



 pimlical advanced calendar - the only calendar
application to feature floating events™ - 
  manage your calendar events, tasks, memos and
contacts in one integrated cross-platform application that installs
on windows, macintosh and linux desktops and
syncs to any
android device with a matching android application. keep your data off
the cloud, or sync on the cloud. pimlical advanced calendar is available on a subscription basis -  click here for information on how licensing and subscriptions work.






  pimlical/android  
 v-4.02.19
(supported on android os 6.0 and later (12,13,14...etc.)






 
new:
menu command find in all
now searches all local calendars (making it easier to quickly scan an
archive calendar for example). supports multiple exceptions to a repeat
series by specifying start/end dates for the range, and also displays
exceptions dates in chronological order.internal file manager now supports selection and move/copy/delete of
multiple files. backup everything, autosync and internal file manager
can now access a remote server (usb key or hd on router, nas server, or any web
page user has access rights to). super
fast widget refresh, backup
everything/restore can run at end of floating advance. adds new status
type of  absent, several new popup commands and many small features.

 


 features,
screenshots, documentation





 technical
support & program assistance...


 


 purchase
pimlical/android
subscription


  







  pimlical/desktop (windows/linux/macos) and
directsync/autosync   
v-4.02.06






 
new:
adds support for a remote server (usb key or hd on router, or any web
page user has access rights to)  with autosync. adds new status of
absent, new menu command import all filters and
new popup commands to set the status or role of all meeting
participants. adds preference to copy all preference files (with
platform identification) when syncing. 

features, download,
screenshots, documentation...





 technical
support & program assistance...





 purchase
pimlical/desktop from pimlico
software


 






  
 what's new
in pimlical ? 






autosync (via dropbox) keeps multiple calendars on
multiple devices in sync with each other automatically. 
macintosh & linux versions (identical to
windows version - the java code in pimlical really does
support write-once, run anywhere! ). 
alarms can be set after the event as
well as before - advances can also be negative (so reminders appear
days after an event)

new hi-rez system icons and anti-aliased fonts
improve screen appearanceicons can be added (individually or in bulk from folder) directly into p
enhanced repeats support complex repeats like black friday (the
friday after thanksgiving), or the first friday after the first monday
of the month, or the fifth week of a month (including or excluding months that don't have a fifth week).

supports java 8 both 32/64 bit (after you let
pimlical convert
your databases under java 7).widget for android (integrated application) 
full contact support in p/a, p/d &
directsync with new local contacts database
new local http sync (can be used instead of a
webdav server)

configurable command bar in p/a
vcard import/export
icalendar import/export
preference to put month numbers at top or bottom
custom alarm sounds in p/a (can be separate from
those in p/d, and still synced)spoken alarms in p/aoption to use either full-page alarm dialog, or less intrusive android notification system
dozens of new preference settings, and
lots more...








 










 palm os applications are still
available...


  
 dbfixit -
utility to repair palm os databases....


 


 datebk6 -
advanced calendar application......special
2014 price: $17.95!.


 


 legacy applications
and other programs.........


 


 converting/migrating
from datebk/palm to android


  


 
 
 



pimlico software respects
your privacy - click here to review our  privacy
policy.








copyright © 2023 pimlico software. all rights
reserved.
 








 
