











unishippers - ups® & freight 3pl services | shipping solutions for smbs




















































 






















skip to content













 
become a franchiseecareerscontact uslogin



































 
why unishippers why unishippers complete 3pl servicesparcel ups parcel services ups domestic services ups international services e-commerce shipping services parcel insurance parcel shipping guide ups parcel quotefreight freight shipping less than truckload truckload specialty freight services international freight carrier partners freight classification freight insurance freight shipping guide freight quotetechnology shipping technology parcel tms freight tms e-commerce integrationsresources shipping resources general resources parcel resources freight resources service alertsabout about unishippers company info recent awards press roomget a quote








 













ups® & freight 3pl services for your growing business






at unishippers, we believe that small to mid-size businesses deserve the savings and support of a big company. that's why we provide the shipping services of a top 3pl provider with personalized service from our franchisees. we're focused on enabling small business growth one delivery at a time.
























get a free shipping assessment





*business
					name





*business
					email address





*what do you ship?


parcel - less
							than 150 lbs
freight - 150
							lbs or greater
both freight
							and parcel








*are you a unishippers customer?


yes, i’m a
							current unishippers customer
no, i’m not a current unishippers customer
no, but my
							organization ships with unishippers





*are you an existing ups customer?


yes
no







*address





suite, unit,
					etc.







*city





*state


ak
al
ar
az
ca
co
ct
de
fl
ga
hi
ia
id
il
in
ks
ky
la
ma
md
me
mi
mn
mo
ms
mt
nc
nd
ne
nh
nj
nm
nv
ny
oh
ok
or
pa
ri
sc
sd
tn
tx
ut
va
vt
wa
wi
wv
wy





*zip







*business
					phone number





*first
					name





*last
					name






  
			  i consent to receive sms messages from unishippers








submit

































ups® shipping services






as part of the largest non-retail ups authorized reseller in the nation, unishippers leverages the combined shipping volume of our 113,000+ customers to get you great rates for your small package shipping. pair that with personalized, one-on-one guidance from your dedicated unishippers team and you've reeled in the perfect catch for parcel shipping success.







view our parcel shipping services

























ltl freight shipping services






need to ship something bigger? along with parcel services, unishippers also provides less-than-truckload (ltl) freight shipping options to meet your unique needs. whether you’re shipping oversized packages or a few pallets of raw materials, unishippers offers top ltl shipping solutions from 75+ leading carriers across the u.s.







view our ltl freight services

























ftl freight shipping services






looking for larger-scale shipping solutions? unishippers also partners with 45,000+ full truckload (ftl) freight carriers across the nation that offer top-quality service for all your freight shipping needs. when you work with unishippers, you’re gaining industry-leading expertise to help you make the most of all your shipping options.







view our ftl freight services






















small to mid-sized business?get big benefits with unishippers logistics services.






















your one-stop shop for 3pl services






from small package to truckload freight (and everything in between!), unishippers has great options for all shipping challenges. our team of small to mid-sized business (smb) 3pl shipping experts can customize a solution for your current needs (and budget) that will evolve as your business grows.























a dedicated team that knows small business






unishippers knows smbs. in fact, our franchise owners run small businesses themselves and understand the challenges you face. this knowledge, along with our cutting-edge technology, allows us to deliver the support you need to upgrade your business.























more shipping value for small businesses






the perks of working with unishippers add up to a clear advantage: we give you value for your shipping dollar. it's the reason smbs continue to choose unishippers - one of the only full-service 3pl companies - for their freight and small package shipping needs.















view our complete 3pl services





















shipping technology that puts you in control






as new innovations continue to pour into the shipping industry, embracing advanced technology is a must for any business. but we get it - shipping technology is often clunky and confusing. that's why unishippers is leading the way with new, user-friendly tools to help you simplify and streamline your logistics.







see how our technology can improve your business



















do you need a 3pl provider?






answer a few questions to find out if partnering with unishippers could make shipping easier and more efficient for your business.







take the quiz


















a one-stop shop for smb shippers like you






at unishippers, we pride ourselves on helping smb shippers like you overcome challenges and maximize your logistics operations. and that’s exactly what we did for sports equipment provider, keeperstop!
keeperstop began working with unishippers in 2018 after struggling with missed pickups, integrating shipping software, and finding adequate packaging on a budget, and an overall lack of smb-specific support. thanks to the help of keeperstop’s unishippers franchise, the business was able to overcome these hurdles and more.







read the case study































additional resources you might like






















general resources







unishippers: the 3pl made for smb shippers









meet myunishippers™

























parcel resources







why we beat thecompetition









ups® pickup options

























freight resources







the perfect partnerfor smbs









freight density calculator














 


























connect with us







get a quoterequest a demobecome a franchisee









866.998.ship (7447)contact unishipperssearch job openings








follow us






































figures represent the wwex group family of brands.






© 2025 unishippers global logistics, llc. all rights reserved.










manage email subscriptionsprivacy policyterms & conditions








 













