














home - rhode island jewish historical association
























































rhode island jewish historical association
the oldest local ethnic historical society in rhode island.




≡ menu
about

leadership
our history
news & events
past programs
staff
archive


collections

online exhibitions
king david’s lodge documents
obituaries
oral histories
cemetery records
library catalog
providence passover journal
publications
historical photograph gallery
rhode island jewish newspapers collection
rijha newsletters


research

resource references


rhode tour
rijh notes
support

rijha membership
donation
volunteer


contact us

employment opportunities













news
keep up to date with what projects the rijha is working on.
 
 


  
digitial archives
we have digitized a lot of our collections and made them accessible online including obituaries, the rijh notes, and the jewish voice & herald. find them here!


  
research services
use our extensive archive and research services to research your family’s history in ri! we are happy to assist with genealogy and any other research request you have. 










welcome to the rijha website!

what’s going on at the rijha?

click on the january, 2025 newsletter below to view our newest edition. 



save the date:
sunday, april 27, 2025 at 11:00 am
georgia hunter, author of the novel ‘we were the lucky ones’
author talk and book signing 
to purchase books and to register click here.

save the date:
wednesday, may 14, 2025 at 7 p.m.
rijha annual board meeting
please check back for time and more details of the programming.

if you would like to complete your 2025 membership online, please navigate to our membership page to fill out your information electronically! 


the 2024 edition of the rijh notes (click here) has been sent out! if you need extra copies, or have not received yours, please let us know!
 





membership

membership the rijha offers:
– access to our extensive archive collection that includes: obituaries, large photograph collection, family, business, and synagogue records, directories and manuscripts
– a free copy of our annual journal, the rijh notes
– invitation to our annual meetings and special events
– access to research and genealogical services.

 contact us today to sign up! click here 








contactmailing address:rhode island jewish historical association401 elmgrove avenueprovidence, ri 02906“located in: jewish community center building”phone:(401) 331-1360
like us on facebook!follow us on instagram!



 
e-mail:office@rijha.org (click here)hours:regular hours are: monday – thursday 9:00am-4:30pm*notice* – if you attempt to call or visit the office and there is no one here, please leave us a message, or send us an email and we will get back to you as soon as possible.
genealogy and research requests please call the office or send an email to research@rijha.org (click here)closed for most federal and jewish holidays.
learn more about rhode island jewish history, access exclusive events and more by sharing your email with us.please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.e-mail *submit 


























