


careers front page
























careers in pharmaceutical advertising, medical communications, healthcare public relations, managed care/markets, pharmaceutical industry, and biotechnology
shs, incorporated is a progressive search firm specializing in the fields of pharmaceutical advertising, medical communications and education, healthcare public relations, pharmaceutical industry, and biotechnology. our consultants help companies find high-caliber personnel - those candidates that perform their roles efficiently and effectively. men and women that have proven their worth and have the perfect combination of skills, background, and attitude to ensure success.
we work with some of the biggest and best firms in their industries. from start-up biotech firms to massive pharmaceutical corporations, we have shown that we have the knowledge and insight to match the right candidate to the job. since our beginning in 1988, shs has shown dedication and trustworthiness to its clients and its candidates using traditional recruiting methods. but we do not stand still. we are constantly using the latest technologies to search for men and women who might not be actively seeking employment, but are, nonetheless, at the height of their field.
our consultants know the industries that they serve - whether it is past work experience, involvement in industry associations, or educational goals and attainment. they have the depth and breadth of industry knowledge that goes beyond the average search professional.
at shs the search goes on...




 


information

about us
for the job seeker
for the employer
contact us
staff


jobs

newest jobs
pharmaceutical advertising

account managementart directors / creativebusiness developmentcopywriters / copywritingit and web developmentmedical and scientific affairs 

medical communications and education - cme

project/program/account managementbusiness developmentmedical writing / editorialmedical and scientific affairsmeeting planning 

managed markets and managed care

managed markets and managed care 

market research and healthcare public relations

market researchhealthcare public relations 

administrative and finance

administrativefinance 

pharmaceutical industry and biotechnology

clinical and scientificmarketing and product managementmedical directoroperations and manufacturingregulatory and safety 



search for jobs

map
job title
keyword
location


apply online
stay in touch

mailing list
rss feeds
linked in profile


news
community

biotechnology
pharmaceutical advertising
medical communications


links

medicine avenue
linkedin
twitter











what our clients and candidates are saying about us: 






 

 


 



the #1 resource for professionals in the pharmaceutical advertising, medical communications, healthcare public relations, pharmaceutical industry, and biotechnology fields since 1988.


 

 

 

this page copyright © 2010.shs, inc.711 delasalle ct., naperville, il 60565

 



