 






welcome to colorcom - the color consultant experts































































 



















 





 




home




   consultation

  





back




branding & marketing 






architecture & interior color design






web - apps - ui design






healthcare & pharmaceutical products






expert witness & legal services






portfolio of color consultation projects






what does a color consultant do?






faqs-color consultation










  research

  





back




demographic research about color






consumer color preferences






why color matters






color publications










  seminars

  





back




color seminars & keynote speeches






portfolio of seminars workshops keynotes






e-courses about color






color publications










  about us

  





back




the color consultant experts






press room






color consultation projects & seminars 






color matters






blog & twitter






what does a color consultant do?






faqs - color consultation 












contact














welcome tocolorcomexpertscolor consultant





















 




we make color work for youwe create color strategies that empower your project, deliver results, and drive business growth.
let us help you make informed decisions – and get it right the first time with colors that do the right things in the right way.intelligent colors from the color expertsour storywe’re a forward-thinking creative agency specializing in color. our experts work with clients from all over the world – from start-ups to fortune 500 companies – to create colors that deliver success.
we embrace the opportunity to distinguish your product or service with color.be moreimpactfulvaluablememorablecolorfulwe make colors work for you with a multitude of services.
brands & products
healthcare & pharmaceuticals
trademarks & legal
research & consumer data
websites & ui / ux
architecture & interior design
the color story
color is known for a few things. it’s a symbolic power that manipulates, demonstrates, and stimulates. it’s an alchemical force that can trigger reactions and change a mood or even a mindset.  we’ll help you make informed decisions about color for your brand or products in a wide range of areas: logos and brand identity, product design, packaging design, and corporate image. we also offer specialized color services for web and user interface design, architecture, and interior design.  look and see how colorcom can work with you to develop colors that deliver sales and transform your brand or products.

 
 we'll bring the power of color to you.
 online learning and on-site seminars let’s create the right colors for your project.contact us













copyright© 2024, colorcom. all rights reserveddesigned by colorcom & klm graphics
privacy | contact us










