







home | code 

























skip to main content













council of ontario drama and dance educators


searchlogin 




menutoggle menu visibilityhome
about codeabout code
code board
code committees
code donors
faq
contact us

resources
eventscode on the roadcode on the road toronto 2024

past conferences
past events

member zonemember discounts

join nowjoin now
group membership

 













code creates & distributes educational resources supporting the ontario dance & drama curriculum.
 
 
find resources








code promotes dance & drama education in schools and communities throughout ontario.
 
 
advocate








code connects drama and dance educators and artists through local, provincial, national and international community building.
 
connect














elementary drama workshop 


    are you new to teaching elementary drama? are you looking for some tipes about how to organize your program? come and join claire holland and code for a sharing session when strategies for classroom rules, routines, unit planning and assessment will be shared. 


    space is limited. register now! 


read post



 













    support for program planning and tools. guidance and events for new-to-arts teachers.



learn

 







    starting place for getting familiar with the website so that you can find what you need.



discover

 







    working in a good way towards truth and reconciliation. read our commitment.



call to action

 


 






blog










call for presenters


  
    
      
    the council of ontario drama and dance educators is calling for workshop presenters for our 2025 conference - “full steam ahead - drama and dance for the future"...


read post

 






in memorium: juliana saxton


  
    
      
    code is tremendously saddened by the loss of an important member of our community, juliana saxton. juliana was one of the original members of the advisory board that became code and served as...
      

read post

 






art fusion ignites creativity: a series of inspiring events for arts educators!


  
    
      
    recently, code's partnership with oaea and omea brought elementary generalist arts teachers together for a day of inspiration and collaboration in waterloo and at the tdsb urban indigenous...
      

read post

 






drama and dance professional development


  
    
      
    code dance liaison, joanna perlus, and past-president, matthew sheahan, traveled to ottawa to lead workshops for the ottawa catholic school board in drama and dance.

      

read post

 






code on the road toronto


  
    
      
    it was a great day at oise for code on the road in toronto. educators from all levels participated in drama and dance workshops from a wide variety of presenters with diverse backgrounds.

      

read post

 






artfusion events for new-to-arts teaching


  
    
      
    code, oaea, and omea are joining forces as artfusion to offer new-to-arts teachers support. register for a virtual event on august 23 or one of three in-person events on october 5 (happening in...
      

read post

 




    read more blog posts  

 









 



© code | privacy policy | the council of ontario drama and dance educators. all rights reserved.
registered charity. business number: 119228807rr0001







