










212.724.2400-cantaloupe music–providing top live brazilian,tango,world,jazz







































 












home
about us
musicians and bands
kudos
clients
we can help
contact us












search for:search button



 













your most reliable resource for top latin music: brazilian, cuban, puerto rican, argentine tango, other world music, fine jazz ensembles, vocalists, and more.







cantaloupe music productions provides live music for every kind of event, indoors or outdoors: corporate and private, festivals, performance venues, weddings, cocktail receptions, concerts and shows for clubs, and cultural institutions (museums, libraries, schools).
we are proud to offer a select roster of fine artists who perform the best of world, jazz, and american music.
we are also proud to be management for latin grammy winner pedro giraudo tango quartet.










 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







scroll down to see ensembles







brazilian ensembles
click on images below to see a few samples.








grupo saveiro
samba and pagode band with vocals








carlos almeida
guitar and voice(voz e violão)








débora santos watts
vocalistbossa nova, samba, mpb, american standards








beleza brazil carnaval band
authentic rio-style brazilian carnaval








nó em pingo d'água
from brazil, the great choro novo group








marcos ariel
piano and vocals, performing jobim and other favorites










nanny assis and ensembles
singer/percussionist and ensembles








regional de new york
brazilian instrumental choro music








dendê & band
afro-brazilian funk








susan pereira and sabor brasil
brazilian jazz ensemble with vocals








duo violão plus one
acclaimed guitarists rogério souza and edinho gerber with percussionist ami molinelli








vanessa falabella
brazilian vocalist







scroll down to see more





other world music
click on images below to see a few samples.








latin grammy winner pedro giraudo tango quartet
new york-based argentine tango








trio tres de oros
puerto rican boleros, cuban and mexican boleros and waltzes, as well as colombian styles and cuban són








trio los latinos (formerly los platinos)
tradirional, authentic puerto rican bolero music








alí bello
venezuelan violinist








sebastián cruz
guitar and voice, solo or with “trío yó sí sé” (classic  latin american songs (bolero, son, colombian salsa, cumbia, and more).








son de madre
salsa, son and more







scroll down to see more





jazz / blues / swing
click on images below to see a few samples.








pedro giraudo big band
16-piece big band








lezlie harrison
vocalist (jazz, blues, gospel, soul, the american songbook)








annette st. john
vocalist (r&b, jazz, standards)








patrick poladian
american jazz standards with a french touch








vanisha gould
vocalist (jazz standards and originals)








christos rafalides
vibraphonist and ensembles







contact us

other performers also on request.



 












157 west 79 streetnew york, ny 10024-6415 usa








212.724.2400





917.553.0004 (m)








ellenazorin@gmail.com





follow us

followfollowfollow





copyright © 2022. site designed by dfw website designers.



 






























