

angels! seraphim angels at jackson brothers hardware! 


















 
welcome to pt angels!
 














what is dowsing?   

how does it work?

dowsing tools

walt woods

raymon grace

faye henry

pauline roberts

about us

contact us

links

newsletter

shop




if you are looking for seraphim angels...click here.










welcome! we are glad you are here.  on this site, you can 
             view, order, and obtain information about the seraphim classics®  
              collection of angels. we still have a few angels in stock. all are retired, yet are new in the box, haveing never been on display.
we have 
              taken every precaution to ensure security of your orders. orders  
              are placed  using the paypal transaction network so 
              you can be assured of compatibility, reliability and security. shop 
              with confidence, knowing that your name and information are only 
              stored on a secure site, and will not be given or sold to anyone. 
              picture this was an authorized golden wings dealer for 
              the 
              seraphim classics collection of angels, 
              by roman, inc. - the perfect gift for any occasion!

              
             
in 2005 i created a website for raymon grace because when i met him and learned about dowsing, there was not one site i could find on the internet that explained what dowsing was, and the tools you use to dowse. 

            so another friend of raymon's, pauline roberts agreed to send me  copy describing the dowsing tools and photographs and i created the site raymongraceprojects.com. 

            i also filmed raymon in lousiana talking about what dowsing is and what you can accomplish with it and loaded it to youtube to help educate the world about dowsing. as of the spring of 2020, this video has been viewed over 75 thousand times in a lot of different countries. raymon decided in the fall of 2019 that he no longer wants to have the site with him name on it so i am moving the dowsing information here to my site so it is still available for anyone interested.
dowsing is a wonderful too and i encourage you to read about in here on my site, and get in touch if you have any questions.
i myself have been a presenter at  dowsing conferences around the country. teaching about sound and vibration and especially the beautiful vibrations of my paiste gongs. if that interest you, i  invite you to visit my site at www.tsvibrations.com
i am often involved with the video production and live streaming at the conferences for dowsing and other topics. if you are looking for someone to produce video for sale at the conference or live stream your meeting or conference, get in touch for me for a quote. 
 
 

  
                we hope you will enjoy your visit!


  

              ©2000-2020 by picture this! angel images may not be reproduced without 
              permission of picture this!















