






services online




















skip to main content





an official website of the united states government


                    here's how you know
                





official websites use .gov


a 
.gov 
website belongs to an official government organization in the united states.






secure .gov websites use https


a 
lock (  ) 
or 
https:// 
means you've safely connected to the .gov website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.













services online







search















opm.gov


quick links



                        forms
                        






                        faqs 






                        helpful links 






                        survivor benefits 







                        contact us for more support







privacy statement




    opm.gov









javascript must be enabled to properly navigate services online.





cookies must be enabled to use services online.







                welcome to opm retirement services online
            


                    services online lets annuitants (federal retirees or their spouses, ex-spouses, and children) manage their account online.
                    your account is securely protected by the u.s. office of personnel management (opm).
                






sign in










sign in with




how to use login.gov to sign in to your services online account:


1. use the "sign in with login.gov" button above
2. sign in with your existing login.gov account or "create a new account"
3. link your existing services online account claim number and password with login.gov account
4. use your login.gov account to access services online going forward




                                review "navigating federal retirement online" videos that demonstrate how to access services online
                                




                                learn more about the steps to login to services online with login.gov and linking your accounts
                                


for more help with login.gov:


                                faqs about login.gov and services online
                                




                                learn more about the switch to login.gov and our new sign in process
                                








i want to...





                                report a missing annuity payment
                                






                                report an annuitant death
                                






                                report a federal employee death
                                






                                learn how to get started with services online
                                






                                get help with services online
                                






                                understand the processing of my annuity benefits
                                






                                go to opm.gov
                                















security notice to users


"this is an office of personnel management (opm) computer system for use only by authorized users. opm computer systems are to be used for official business. your use of this government system for whatever purpose is not private or anonymous. while using government systems, your use may be monitored or recorded. unauthorized or inappropriate use of a government system may result in the loss or limitation of your privileges. you may also face criminal penalties or financial liability depending on the severity of the misuse. examples of unauthorized actions include attempts or acts to access, view, upload, change or delete information on this system, modify this system, deny access to this system, accrue resources for unauthorized use, or otherwise misuse of this system are strictly prohibited. such attempts or acts are subject to action that may result in criminal, civil, or administrative penalties."
"all access or use of this system constitutes the user's understanding and acceptance of these terms and constitutes unconditional consent to review, monitor, record, audit, and take action by all authorized government and law enforcement personnel."
"you should read the privacy act statement which is posted on the main page of services online for a description of how the information you provide in this system will be used and shared."








© u.s. office of personnel management (opm) retirement services online













privacy act statement

×



solicitation of this information is authorized by the civil service retirement law (chapter 83, title 5, u. s. code) and the federal employees retirement law (chapter 84, title 5, u. s. code).the information you furnish will be used to identify records properly associated with your application for federal benefits, to obtain additional information if necessary, to determine and allow present or future benefits, and to maintain a uniquely identifiable claim file.the information may be shared and is subject to verification via paper, electronic media, or through the use of computer matching programs, with national, state, local or other charitable or social security administrative agencies in order to determine benefits under their programs, to obtain information necessary for determination or continuation of benefits under this program, or to report income for tax purposes.it may also be shared and verified, as noted above, with law enforcement agencies when they are investigating a violation or potential violation of civil or criminal law.
executive order 9397 (november 22, 1943) authorizes the use of the social security number. furnishing the data requested is voluntary, but failure to do so may delay or make it impossible for us to process your request.


close

  




you are about to open an external site!by clicking continue below, you will be opening a site that is external to services online. the link you selected will open in a new window or tab and the current window or tab will remain open. you may continue using services online while you have the external site open.*** note: in some cases the external link will open in a new tab rather than a new window. if it is not evident that the external link has opened, please check for a new tab.


cancel
continue








you are about to open an external site!by clicking continue below, you will be opening a site that is external to services online. the link you selected will open in a new window or tab and the current window or tab will remain open. you may continue using services online while you have the external site open.*** note: in some cases the external link will open in a new tab rather than a new window. if it is not evident that the external link has opened, please check for a new tab.


cancel
continue








you are about to open an external site!by clicking continue below, you will be opening a site that is external to services online. the link you selected will open in a new window or tab and the current window or tab will remain open. you may continue using services online while you have the external site open.*** note: in some cases the external link will open in a new tab rather than a new window. if it is not evident that the external link has opened, please check for a new tab.


cancel
continue







