







pump & blower sales & 24-hour service | pat's pump & blower



























































 



















 



specials

pricing & details


about
blog
service areas

alabama
florida
georgia
north carolina
south carolina
tennessee


contact
 











 800-359-7867



 

about
blowers

centrifugal blower repair
dk turbo blower repair
hibon blower repair
industrial blower sales & repair
pd blower repair
positive displacement blower repair
roots blower repair
waste water blower repairs


pumps

aplex pump repair
city water pump sales & repair
golf course pump repair
high-pressure water pump sales & repair
myers pump sales & repair


jetvacs & vacuums

aquatech jetvac repair
vacuum pump repair


machine shop

electric motor sales & repair


remote control mowers

all-terrain remote mower
high embankment remote mowers

lawn mower for ditches
remote mower for steep slopes




specialty truck sales & services

septic pump truck sales & repair
storm cleaner
street sweeper repair
vacuum truck repair
bucher street sweeper
jetvac truck repair


in stock equipment
other services

omsi power takeoffs
pneumatic conveying
sewer tools
three-stage compressor sales & repair
three-stage compressors
trailer jetter machine sales & repair
trailer jetter machines
enz sewer nozzles
fan machine sales & repair
fan machines
o’brien trailer jetter sales & repair
o’brien trailer jetters


shop
 


select page


  
 
 
















blower sales & repairwe have developed a reputation as top blower sales & repair experts! when you’re in need of blower repair, you want an experienced company that has been working with blowers and other similar machines for many years.
read more









jetvac & vacuum sales and serviceat pat’s pump & blower, we have been helping the vacuum industry throughout the country with vacuum truck repair needs since 1985.
read more









shop our online storediscover the solution to your pump and blower needs. our 24-hour service ensures you’re never left in the lurch
shop now












blower sales & repair, orlando, flwe have developed a reputation as orlando, fl’s top blower sales & repair experts! when you’re in need of blower repair, you want an experienced company that has been working with blowers and other similar machines for many years.
read more










providing pump & blower sales & 24-hour service since 1985







experts in the installation and renovation of pump and blower systems

are you having trouble with the pump in your vacuum? or, are you looking for a new blower to use on your golf course? if you need repair, advice, or a wide selection of pumps and blowers from reputable manufacturers, turn to us at pat’s pump & blower. for the past four decades, our customers have been turning to us for pump and blower repair services and to purchase new equipment. we also provide 24-hour service, free onsite inspections in florida, and onsite pump and blower rebuilding. due to our multitude of services and capabilities, it’s no wonder that we are known internationally as the “problem solving specialists” when it comes to pumps and blowers.

more about us











our services








blower sales & repair
when you’re in need of blower repair, you want an experienced company that has been working with blowers and other similar machines for many years.



read more






pump sales & repair
if you need a new pump, have a repair job that needs to be done or just a simple question, we are the experts to call! we know the importance of your hard-working industrial and smaller machines and what they mean to your business.



read more






jetvac & vacuum sales and service
at pat’s pump & blower, we have been helping the vacuum industry throughout the country with vacuum truck repair needs since 1985.



read more








proud providers of












































why choose us?


z

 experience 
since 1985, pat’s pump & blower has been specializing in the sales, service and repair of pumps, blowers, electric and mobile vacuum equipment.




z

knowledge 
experts in the installation and renovation of pump and blower systems, we serve everyone that uses pumps and blowers, including the municipal and industrial wastewater treatment industry, hotels, attractions, and golf courses.




z

skill 
our lead technicians are skilled machinists, who take pride in rebuilding our customers’ equipment and facilities—from small vacuum pumps and geared blowers, to lift station renovations. even our suppliers consult with pat’s pump & blower technicians on pump engineering and field service modifications.










what our clients say






their service and professionalism. if they don’t have what you want, they will send you to the right direction!
-carlos b.






a great place to do business. the people there are so informative and easy to speak with. they solved our problems and got both the equipment and operators back on track.
-bill y.






i walked in to get some parts and was greeted right away. their personal service is a+. will visit again.
-a. w.







see more








contact us





"*" indicates required fields

name*email*

phone*message*
 











δ









 








contact pat’s pump & blower  

pat's pump & blower



2141 west church st. 


orlando,
                florida
32805




telephone: 

(800) 359-7867


https://patspump.com



pump & blower service hours at pat's pump & blower we provide professional & reliable 24 hour service on a wide range of pumps & blowers!
service areas
alabama: birmingham, huntsville, mobile, montgomery, tuscaloosa, and more!
florida: jacksonville, miami, orlando, st. petersburg, tampa, and more!
georgia: atlanta, augusta, columbus, macon, savannah, and more!
north carolina: charlotte, durham, greensboro, raleigh, winston-salem, and more!
south carolina: charleston, columbia, greenville, mount pleasant, north charleston, and more!
tennessee: chattanooga, clarksville, knoxville, memphis, nashville, and more!

call us today: 800-359-7867
find us on the web






recent pump & blower posts


why regular vacuum truck repair is essential for your business


essential tips for golf course pump repair


top bucher street sweeper models for efficient city cleaning


understanding the aplex pump repair process


four signs your roots blower needs repair


 



pump truck parts
testimonials
authorized bucher dealer
remote mower
 



© 2025 pat's pump & blower, orlando, fl
(800) 359-7867


hours
map



x
business hours
hours of operation
mon

08:00 am
-
05:00 pm








tue

08:00 am
-
05:00 pm








wed

08:00 am
-
05:00 pm








thur

08:00 am
-
05:00 pm








fri

08:00 am
-
05:00 pm







(800) 359-7867
contact us


x
our location

view in maps
(800) 359-7867
contact us
privacy policy 























