




oneamerica financial | home




























skip to main content






















                  in observance of presidents' day, the nyse will be closed on monday, feb. 17. any transaction request received by oneamerica after 4 p.m. et, on friday, feb. 14 will be processed using the closing prices of the next nyse business day, tuesday, feb. 18.
                















file a claim

contact us












toggle navigation














                    for individuals
                    



                    for individuals
                  



                            oneamerica financial offerings
                          



                                life insurance products
                              



                                long-term care protection
                              



                                workplace retirement plans
                              



                                individual annuities
                              



                                employee benefit education
                              



                                individual securities
                              







                            financial wellness
                          



                                plan for retirement
                              



                                insurance 101
                              







                            getting started
                          



                                file a claim
                              



                                contact us
                              



                                find a form
                              



                                distributions
                              










                    for employers
                    



                    for employers
                  



                            workplace benefit offerings
                          



                                workplace retirement services
                              



                                employee benefit solutions
                              







                            get support
                          



                                claims
                              



                                contact us
                              



                                find a form
                              










                    for financial professionals
                    



                    for financial professionals
                  



                            financial professional offerings
                          



                                life insurance & annuities
                              



                                asset-based long-term care
                              



                                retirement services
                              



                                securities
                              



                                employee benefits
                              







                            supporting your business
                          



                                contact us
                              










                    about us
                    



                    about us
                  



                            who we are
                          



                                leadership
                              



                                annual report
                              



                                vision and values
                              



                                companies of oneamerica financial
                              



                                strength and ratings
                              







                            what we stand for
                          



                                sponsorships
                              



                                in the community
                              



                                diversity, equity and inclusion
                              







                            careers
                          



                                early career professionals
                              



                                experienced professionals
                              



                                internships & recruitment
                              



                                actuarial programs
                              



                                sales
                              



                                pathways
                              



                                compensation & benefits
                              



                                health & wellbeing
                              







                            newsroom
                          



                            usa swimming
                          












log in/register
                
              




















view all search results
































we create greater certainty for better moments, every day. 

here for you every step of the way.
that’s oneamerica financial®.



















what if you could build a financial future with greater certainty and fewer doubts?
together, we can make it possible.
 
at oneamerica financial, we focus on providing solutions that can help you achieve long-term financial stability — delivered with caring compassionate service. it’s why generations of americans have placed their trust in us. and it’s how we help you build greater certainty to enjoy the moments that matter. 




























key services






































life insurance






we’re more than life insurance. we help you prepare confidently for the future, ensuring your loved ones are protected through life’s uncertainties. 






learn more






































employee benefits






by offering comprehensive benefits, you can make a meaningful impact on your employees — and their futures.
 






learn more





























































product spotlight
















compassion and experience, guiding your journey






a simple and flexible alternative to traditional long-term care insurance, asset care® 2024 can help you cover long-term care if you need it — or provide a financial legacy to your loved ones if you don’t. 






dive deeper









































oneamerica financial and you
                                







learn more about us

























your resource for the journey ahead






on the surface, our focus is life insurance, employee benefits and long-term care protection. but in the end, we’re here for you. to champion your life and provide the solutions, tools, and guidance you need to face the future with greater certainty.















































longevity you can count on







we’ve been in business for more than a century, so we know a thing or two about staying ahead in our industry — and we’re here for the long-haul, no matter what the economy brings. 














































experience you can turn to







as a mutual organization, we're owned by our policyholders, not shareholders. that means our focus is you — and we’ll be there, every step of the way, with caring expertise and compassionate service.














































financial strength you can trust







the industry’s leading credit rating agencies recognize our financial strength and claims-paying ability: 
s&p: aa- 
 a.m. best: a+ (superior)*



















































oneamerica financial is the marketing name of the companies of oneamerica financial. products issued and underwritten by the state life insurance company® (state life), indianapolis, in, a oneamerica financial company that offers the care solutions product suite. asset care form numbers: icc18 l302, icc18 l302 jt, icc18 l302 sp, icc18 l302, sp jt, icc18 r532, icc18 r533, icc18 r539, icc18 sa39, icc18 r540, icc24 r545, icc24 r546 and icc24 r547. not available in all states or may vary by state.
 
*oneamerica financial companies include american united life insurance company® (aul) and its affiliate, state life).  aul and state life were rated a+ by a.m. best on august 29, 2024.  aul and state life were rated aa- by s&p on august 22, 2024.  a+ is the second highest of a.m. best’s 15 rating categories, and aa- is the fourth highest of standard & poor’s 22 rating categories. please know these ratings can change at any time.





































life insurance
retirement
employee benefits
long-term care




connect with us

oneamerica financial partners, inc.
one american square
p.o. box 368
indianapolis, in 46206-0368



our phone numbers




















site map


for individuals


for employers


for financial professionals


about us


careers


contact us


find a financial professional




quick access


claims


policy premium payment


individual policy service request


employee benefits forms


prospectuses


financial documents




oneamerica financial® is the marketing name for the companies of oneamerica financial including: american united life insurance company®, the state life insurance company®, mccready and keene, inc., oneamerica securities, inc., pioneer mutual life insurance company®, oneamerica asset management, llc and aul reinsurance management services, llc®.
 
© 2025 oneamerica financial partners, inc. all rights reserved. oneamerica financial® is a registered service mark and the oneamerica financial logo and flag pictorial mark are service marks of oneamerica financial partners, inc.







privacy policy


legal disclaimers


social media policy


security


accessibility


cookie notice























