
lurkertechtech • diversions • maps • thailand • china • eclipse • naturemedical ai is going just greatmedical ai, the promised silver bullet, isn't all it's cracked up to be. hire me i am a contract software engineer with 25+ years experience. mez video screenmez is an interactive, live, real-time video art installation. the joe frank index explore the full catalog of amazing joe frank shows. diy pool maintenance in district 12 how to keep a pool safe with limited equipment. 3-d axidraw plotting hack moving axidraw plotter pen in 3-d for artistic brush effects. axidraw server: share your plotter simple python server to share your axidraw over the net. gmail subject line emoji roach motelexterminate irritating spam emoji in gmail subject lines. programmer's guide to video systems what every programmer must know about 480i, 576i, 1080i, and 720p. all about video fields what is interlaced video and why do i care? square and non-square pixels i can't believe we still have to deal with non-square pixels! timecode understand the different flavors of timecode used for video. lurker's guide to video trove of technical video knowledge, not just for sgi any more. quicktime: uncompressed i wrote apple's spec for storing uncompressed video in quicktime files. linux video i/o article i wrote to help linux video developers avoid the mistakes sgi made. homeland security threat chart ever wonder what homeland security conditions green to red really mean? buzzword bingo: now with web 2.0! discover the answer to meetings—tom davis's buzzword bingo. corpspeak out-bs your boss: generate endless corporate bullshit with corpspeak. webspeak get vc funding: generate spews of meaningless web techno jargon. bill the borg resistance is futile—you will be assimilated. check out my 1994 image. free music from musicwithoutend™ irs, united airlines, bank of america launch free online music service. mapfling.com: free custom maps with your own labels party? meeting? request a map, label it yourself, and easily fling it to your friends! slice-of-thai.comtasty morsels of information on thai food, language, culture, and general silliness. allaboutpai.com a site about pai, my peaceful home in the mountains of northern thailand. thailand fever i co-authored this bilingual cultural guide to thai-western romantic relationships. thai dictionary and phrasebook apps check out my thai-english talking dictionary/phrasebook apps for ios/android/windows. chinese-english phrasebook app check out my chinese-english talking phrasebook app for ios. thailand your way travel with my friend nang, who is a great nature, birding, and cultural guide. jeed illustration my english-fluent thai friend jeed is a freelance illustrator who is available for hire. art in thai see, sponsor and purchase the amazing paintings of sa-ard nilkong. china journals some journal entries for a trip to yunnan in china, including dali. argentina and chile journals journal for a 1-month trip to argentina and chile for a total solar eclipse. water-powered water pumps cool articles about devices which can pump water without gas or electricity. john muir trail stats and pictures from a 9 day, 61 mile hiking trip along the john muir trail. submit this sitelike what you see? help spread the word on social media: tweetsupport this sitei work on this site in my off hours. please help me to push aside my day job and work on it more by supporting the site in one of these ways: donate now    use your credit card or paypal to donate in support of the site. get anything from amazon.com use this link to amazon—you pay the same, i get 4%. get my thai dictionary app learn thai with my talking thai-english-thai dictionary app: ios, android, windows. get my thai phrasebook app experience thailand richly with my talking thai-english-thai phrasebook app. get my chinese phrasebook app visit china easily with my talking chinese-english-chinese phrasebook app. get thailand fever i co-authored this bilingual cultural guide to thai-western romantic relationships. copyrightall text and images copyright 1999-2023 chris pirazzi unless otherwise indicated. tech • diversions • maps • thailand • china • eclipse • naturemedical ai is going just greatmedical ai, the promised silver bullet, isn't all it's cracked up to be. hire me i am a contract software engineer with 25+ years experience. mez video screenmez is an interactive, live, real-time video art installation. the joe frank index explore the full catalog of amazing joe frank shows. diy pool maintenance in district 12 how to keep a pool safe with limited equipment. 3-d axidraw plotting hack moving axidraw plotter pen in 3-d for artistic brush effects. axidraw server: share your plotter simple python server to share your axidraw over the net. gmail subject line emoji roach motelexterminate irritating spam emoji in gmail subject lines. programmer's guide to video systems what every programmer must know about 480i, 576i, 1080i, and 720p. all about video fields what is interlaced video and why do i care? square and non-square pixels i can't believe we still have to deal with non-square pixels! timecode understand the different flavors of timecode used for video. lurker's guide to video trove of technical video knowledge, not just for sgi any more. quicktime: uncompressed i wrote apple's spec for storing uncompressed video in quicktime files. linux video i/o article i wrote to help linux video developers avoid the mistakes sgi made. homeland security threat chart ever wonder what homeland security conditions green to red really mean? buzzword bingo: now with web 2.0! discover the answer to meetings—tom davis's buzzword bingo. corpspeak out-bs your boss: generate endless corporate bullshit with corpspeak. webspeak get vc funding: generate spews of meaningless web techno jargon. bill the borg resistance is futile—you will be assimilated. check out my 1994 image. free music from musicwithoutend™ irs, united airlines, bank of america launch free online music service. mapfling.com: free custom maps with your own labels party? meeting? request a map, label it yourself, and easily fling it to your friends! slice-of-thai.comtasty morsels of information on thai food, language, culture, and general silliness. allaboutpai.com a site about pai, my peaceful home in the mountains of northern thailand. thailand fever i co-authored this bilingual cultural guide to thai-western romantic relationships. thai dictionary and phrasebook apps check out my thai-english talking dictionary/phrasebook apps for ios/android/windows. chinese-english phrasebook app check out my chinese-english talking phrasebook app for ios. thailand your way travel with my friend nang, who is a great nature, birding, and cultural guide. jeed illustration my english-fluent thai friend jeed is a freelance illustrator who is available for hire. art in thai see, sponsor and purchase the amazing paintings of sa-ard nilkong. china journals some journal entries for a trip to yunnan in china, including dali. argentina and chile journals journal for a 1-month trip to argentina and chile for a total solar eclipse. water-powered water pumps cool articles about devices which can pump water without gas or electricity. john muir trail stats and pictures from a 9 day, 61 mile hiking trip along the john muir trail. submit this sitelike what you see? help spread the word on social media: tweetsupport this sitei work on this site in my off hours. please help me to push aside my day job and work on it more by supporting the site in one of these ways: donate now    use your credit card or paypal to donate in support of the site. get anything from amazon.com use this link to amazon—you pay the same, i get 4%. get my thai dictionary app learn thai with my talking thai-english-thai dictionary app: ios, android, windows. get my thai phrasebook app experience thailand richly with my talking thai-english-thai phrasebook app. get my chinese phrasebook app visit china easily with my talking chinese-english-chinese phrasebook app. get thailand fever i co-authored this bilingual cultural guide to thai-western romantic relationships. copyrightall text and images copyright 1999-2023 chris pirazzi unless otherwise indicated. 