

welcome to vintage brake! you make it go, we make it stop!








    vintage brake is dedicated to serving the premium/high performance brake lining needs of the vintage & classic bike owner. we specialize in drum brake linings suitable for mechanical leverage ratios. properly done, drum brakes can perform better than ever before, surpassing early disc performance.
    
       we carry a selection of
    ready-to-install ferodo
    complete replacement shoes to fit japanese street bikes, britbikes, and early
    mxers. these have proved superior to oem, and capable of roadrace duty on
    rear brakes, as well as having good power and feel off-road.
    
       early disc-braked motorcycles universally suffered from poor hydraulic leverage ratios. with modern leverage ratios and friction materials, like-modern performance is on tap, with the potential for overpowering some vintage chassis.
    
       we have disc pads and shoes for most vintage european and japanese bikes. also available are lockheed, brembo, hurst/airheart, and grimeca calipers and master cylinders (and parts), as well as braketech, ebc, galfer, and brembo rotors. 
ferodo pads are available in the new platinum series, as well as sintergrip, with
    some applications available in cpro. race compounds for
    lockheed, grimeca, brembo, early honda, suzuki, kawasaki, and
    others. brembo, ebc, borg-warner, and galfer pads for some applications.
    
       vintage brake also offers such accessories as magura and
    tommaselli controls; heavy duty cables and fittings;
     coated stainless steel brake lines; anodized and chrome fittings; custom cast iron billet rotors, wheel building, with
    rims of all types, specializing in valanced rims from excel, morad (akront).
    
       no one else offers such a wide
    selection of quality brake components for the vintage enthusiast!
    
    





your one


brake shop







            
        
general information

            
        
front master cylinder ratio chart

            
        
products

            
        
tips and tricks



            
        
customers and comments


            
        
contact us

            
        
 
hurst-airheart

   




























 


 




