









































skip to content



 






  scroll down to content












starofhope.org


welcome to starofhope.org!
please proceed to our country sites:
usa: https://www.starofhope.us
sweden: http://www.starofhope.se/
norway: http://starofhope.no/
new! spanish language: https://www.starofhope.es/
learn by video:

join us now  https://www.starofhope.us/give
we are working to create a world where children become educated, healthy adults who are involved in their communities and share their love of jesus christ.  in order to affect this long-term result, we have chosen to make every decision with the best interest of the children in mind.
children are given access to education of many different kinds. pre-school, elementary, high school, and in some special cases university level schooling is made available to those in our projects. with knowledge, the child can grow into an adult that makes informed reasoned decisions helping themselves, their families, and communities.
wellness is an integral part of our work. children who feel good, learn better and play harder! wellness speaks to physical health, emotional health, and living in a clean environment. we teach health in our schools and work with caregivers to improve their care for children with special needs.
children are being taught to be involved in their communities and engaged in family life. good interpersonal relationships and good citizenship go hand in hand. learning to be involved with others is central to creating a society that functions well.
christ taught that as we go about our work, we are to make disciples. faith forms an important part of each of our lives. therefore, the christian message is included in most of our projects. some projects are openly sharing the gospel, while in others we are showing the gospel through and how we conduct ourselves in daily situations and by caring. as we carry out our various projects, our staff is always ready to explain that we are doing this in jesus’ name and because we want the very best for them.
so, you do not need to reinvent how to help and get results as we have done this for over 50 years. join us and bless a child, it is about them, not so much you, right?
yes, i will!
https://www.starofhope.us/give/sponsor
thank you
mark j presson
ceo -star of hope usa
866 653 0321 usa (at) starofhope.us
© copyright 2021-23 star of hope international, america, inc. all rights reserved. star of hope is a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt charity. (®)star of hope 2029 (®)star of hope international 2028
solicitation disclosure, privacy policy, statement of faith
| po box 427 | ellinwood ks 67526 | (866) 653-0321 – click here to contact us. | local 620 564 3355|
“star of hope is an independent  organization helping children across the world become educated, healthy, godly men and women, who live to impact their world.”











		proudly powered by wordpress	






































































































































































