















fox lake, il - official website | official website









 















skip to main content


























 












search







 
 
 


    government      services      doing business      our community  


 

 

 

 




 










   





 
 
 



 






















  
 
 



 














let us know








stayinformed








payonline










 
 














applications& forms








transparency portal








agendas & minutes










 
 
 























village news & events







stay up to date
 






  
 
 














sign up to receive the e-anchor 

the e-anchor is the village's weekly, e-newsletter.				read on...






view all




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 









public meetings










tue, feb 18  

administrative adjudication hearings

administrative adjudication hearingslearn more


thu, feb 20  

economic strategic plan team meeting

economic strategic plan team meetinglearn more





view all




/calendar.aspx



 
 








village events & programs










mon, feb 17  

indoor pickleball canceled 

indoor pickleball canceled learn more


mon, feb 17  

indoor pickleball cancled

indoor pickleball cancledlearn more





view all




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 









 



  
 













village press releasesfind village media releases here
 






  
 















fox lake police department weekly arrest summary 


fox lake police department weekly arrest summary						read on...







fox lake police department weekly arrest summary 


fox lake police department weekly arrest summary						read on...







fox lake police department weekly arrest summary 


fox lake police department weekly arrest summary						read on...







police department investigates fatal vehicle fire 


the fox lake police department is investigating a vehicle fire that caused damage to a residence and resulted in one fatality.						read on...







steering clear of tragedy 


impaired driving campaign makes holidays safer						read on...







u drive. u text. u pay. 


the fox lake police department announces distracted driving
enforcement results						read on...







village of fox lake police department releases this st. patrick’s day, plan before you party! 


the fox lake police department is teaming up with the illinois state police and illinois department of transportation for a stepped-up traffic safety campaign, to remind motorists of the dangers of drunk driving and to help keep our streets safe.						read on...







village of fox lake police department releases independence day  enforcement statistics 


the fox lake police department announced it made 1 impaired driving arrest and issued 34 total citations during the recent fourth of july day “drive sober or get pulled over,” “drive high get a dui” and “click it or ticket” safety campaigns.						read on...







groundbreaking ceremony marks a new chapter for  lakefront park in fox lake, illinois 


the village of fox lake is eagerly anticipating a major milestone in the development of lakefront park, as the groundbreaking ceremony for its revitalization is set to take place at 12:00 p.m. on monday, june 26, 2023.						read on...







fox lake police department begins fourth of july safety campaign 


fox lake police department announced its plans for july fourth traffic enforcement with a focus on impaired and unbuckled drivers.						read on...







fox lake police department joins illinois ‘click it or ticket’ campaign to save lives 


the fox lake police department today announced it is stepping up enforcement for the memorial day “click it or ticket” campaign may 19 – 39 and reminds motorists to buckle up.						read on...







fox lake police department announces results of distracted driving enforcement 


between april 1, 2023 and april 30, 2023, the fox lake police department participated in illinois’ distracted driving enforcement campaign, bringing awareness to area residents and issuing 63 citations.						read on...







fox lake presents the exciting two-week pelican palooza event 


the village of fox lake is proud to announce pelican palooza, a two-week event taking place from april 1 to april 16, 2023.						read on...







fox lake police department announces st. patrick’s day dui enforcement results 


the fox lake police department announced it made one dui arrest and issued 13 other citations for various traffic violations during the st. patrick’s day enforcement period.						read on...







village people team to take the plunge for special olympics illinois 


on sunday, february 26, 2023, the village people team will be taking the plunge into the frigid waters of nippersink lake at lakefront park for the annual special olympics polar plunge.						read on...







village of fox lake hosts country themed boots and bow ties dance 


on saturday, february 18, 2023, the village of fox lake’s lakefront park building was filled with the sights and so55-dance-2323unds of a fantastic country-themed dance, the boots and bow ties sweetheart dance.						read on...







village of fox lake notice of filing period for the april 4, 2023 consolidated election 


election petition filing for the april 4, 2023 consolidated election will be held beginning monday, december 12, 2022 through monday, december 19, 2022. below is information regarding petition filing for the village of fox lake.						read on...







village of fox lake police department releases  halloween enforcement numbers 


the village of fox lake police department made one impaired driving arrest, and issued 12 citations during the recent halloween enforcement effort.						read on...







this halloween, keep the scares off the road 


fox lake police department is stepping up impaired driving enforcement for halloween						read on...







ship wheel artwork on display at fox lake community garden green 


an artistic display of ship wheels, painted by community members and village departments, is located at the fox lake community garden green.						read on...







the fox lake police department announces results of distracted driving enforcement 


between april 1st, 2022 and april 30th, 2022, the fox lake police department participated in illinois’ distracted driving enforcement campaign, bringing awareness to area residents and issuing 63 citations.						read on...







view all




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 


















 






  
 
 













facebook
twitter
pinterest
delicious
blogger
linkedin






 
 













home
my account
printer friendly
email page
contact us
hear this page
rss
site map
translate page
notifications
documents
help






 
 
 

 







contact us







	village of fox lake
66 thillen drive
fox lake, il 60020

phone: 847-587-2151 
fax: 847-587-2237
 






  
 







quick links







staff directory



transparency portal



village events



village code



public notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







faqs








what are your hours of operation?


who does our garbage service?


when are the village board meetings?


where can i register to vote?


how do i file a freedom of information act (foia) request?








/faq.aspx




 
 







site links







home



site map



accessibility



copyright notices



government websites by civicplus®









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 




















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close




















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









