
















american parkinson disease association: hope in progress




























































 








skip to content
 
national headquarters
1-800-223-2732

view mapselect location


 


 american parkinson disease association
about

mission & leadership
strategic plan
financial reports
apda in the news
career opportunities


blog
en español
virtual events
contact
donate




menu
what is parkinson’s

causes
diagnosing
symptoms
treatment
early onset parkinson’s

what is parkinson’s disease?
this section will help you understand the basics of parkinson’s disease, how it affects the brain, its symptoms and ongoing research.
learn about parkinson’s disease

living with parkinson’s

treatment
medication
diet & nutrition
exercise
mental health
relationships
share your story
disability benefits

living with parkinson’s disease
once you are diagnosed with pd, your focus should be on improving your symptoms and maintaining an active and positive lifestyle. this section covers ways to manage symptoms like engaging in regular exercise, eating healthy, exploring medication and treatment options, and assembling your health care team.
learn more

resources & events

resource library
booklets & factsheets
virtual events & exercise classes
for care partners
optimism walk
symptom tracker app
national rehab center
professional training courses

parkinson’s resource library
browse our extensive library of parkinson’s resources. watch webinars, download our latest publications, and read articles — all filterable by the topic you would like to learn more about. 
start browsing

research

what we fund
research opportunities
centers for advanced research
clinical trial participation

research
we are committed to scientific research and have been a funding partner in many major parkinson’s disease scientific breakthroughs, investing more than $62 million in research since 1961. read about what we fund and explore opportunities for funding.
learn more

ways to give

donate
memorial and tribute gifts
champion partnerships
planned giving
do-it-yourself fundraising

ways to give
we invite you to partner with apda to provide much needed support that can help improve the quality of life for the 1,000,000+ individuals living with parkinson’s disease in the us.
learn more

find a chapter
 

search
 





search for:





 





welcome to apda. we're here for you. 







register today







march 12, 2025 @ 2pm et




march 20, 2025 @ 2pm et








find parkinson’s resources near you
the american parkinson disease association works tirelessly every day to support and empower anyone who is impacted by parkinson’s disease (pd). our nationwide network provides information and referral, education and support programs, health and wellness activities, and other events to facilitate a better quality of life for the pd community, while also funding vital research. it is this grassroots structure that distinguishes apda from other organizations serving people with pd. we are here to help you and your loved ones every step of the way.

find apda near you






support our mission
every day, we provide the support, education, and research that will help everyone impacted by parkinson’s disease live life to the fullest.
donate today










what is parkinson’s?
education & support
research & impact
newsroom
subscribe




what is parkinson’s?






what is parkinson’s disease?

                        parkinson’s disease is a type of movement disorder that can affect the ability to perform common, daily activities. there are an estimated 1 million americans living with parkinson’s disease and more than 10 million people worldwide. learn more about causes, symptoms, and diagnosis. 

learn more






education & support



education & support
1 million people are living with parkinson’s disease and a new diagnosis is given every 6 minutes. once you are diagnosed with pd, your focus should be on improving your symptoms and maintaining an active and positive lifestyle. apda provides access to vital resources and support including webinars, publications and first responder training.







early onset parkinson’s disease





resources for veterans





apda webinar education series





en español



find resources




research & impact

research & impact
            apda has been a funding partner in most major parkinson’s disease scientific breakthroughs over the last 50 years. we have awarded more than $62 million in research grants to date. apda maintains 8 centers for advanced research and individual research grants and fellowships are awarded annually for promising research by experienced and young scientists.
            




what we fund





funding & grant opportunities





centers for advanced research



parkinson’s research





subscribe


stay connected

                    contact us and join our email list to stay up to date on news, events, and resources near you!
                
subscribe to apda news








make a difference for people with parkinson’s disease.
apda works tirelessly to help people impacted by parkinson’s disease live life to the fullest – and we depend on the generosity of people like you to make this possible. if you’d like to lend a hand and support our mission, please donate today.

give now













  newsroom apda in the news
she was diagnosed with parkinson’s at 27. these were her warning signs.
wearable devices for parkinson’s disease: the future is here
food as medicine: diet’s role in parkinson’s disease
is parkinson’s disease hereditary?press and media
american parkinson disease association free two-day virtual conference returns to educate, empower, and engage the pd community
making hope possible: american parkinson disease association supports researchers with $2.6 million in new funding 
american parkinson disease association celebrates the national plan to end parkinson's act becoming law
american parkinson disease association announces new resources available in mandarin & simplified chineserecent news onapgo: a newly-approved medication for off periods in parkinson’sepa bans tce, a solvent linked to pdvyalev: a newly-approved medication for parkinson’s disease motor fluctuationsadaptive dbs – a new approach to improve pd symptoms 
  
  






quick links


parkinson’s disease
education & support
research
apda in your community
get involved
ways to give
contact




about apda


the american parkinson disease association (apda) is a nationwide grassroots network dedicated to fighting parkinson’s disease (pd) and works tirelessly to help the approximately one million with pd in the united states live life to the fullest in the face of this chronic, neurological disorder. founded in 1961, apda has raised and invested more than $282 million to provide outstanding patient services and educational programs, elevate public awareness about the disease, and support research designed to unlock the mysteries of pd and ultimately put an end to this disease.
				











national headquarters


					po box 61420
					 staten island, ny 10306
					 tel: 800-223-2732
					 fax: 718-981-4399
apda@apdaparkinson.org














financial reports
strategic plan
terms of use
privacy policy
donor policy
financial disclosures

any medical information provided is solely for the purpose of providing information and is not intended as medical advice. you should always talk to your personal healthcare providers for specific medical and health-related instructions and guidelines.
american parkinson disease association is exempt from federal income taxes under section 501(c)(3) of the internal revenue code.
©2025 american parkinson disease association. all rights reserved. 






search
donatechapter
menu
support our missionto support your local welcome to apda.  we're here for you. chapter please click the button below:donate









































