

all about weightwatchers® (ww) connect and groups | ww usa



skip to main contentskip to footerpointsweight-loss medicationsworkshopsdietitianshow ww worksfind a workshoploginpointsweight-loss medicationsget compounded semaglutideget wegovy®take the quizworkshopsdietitianshow ww worksfind a workshoplogin[{"type":"span","children":[{"text":"join now"}]}]ends today: join for as low as $10/month!offer termstoday: starting at $10/month!join nowblogwelcome to weightwatchers® connect, our digital communityww connect is a members-only social network that you access in our app. this fun, supportive, judgment-free zone is filled with people working toward their weight-loss goals just like you. by weightwatcherspublished november 10, 2022 want new ideas for zeropoint® foods? looking for tips to avoid mindless snacking? craving support after a setback, or ready to celebrate a victory? you’re in the right place! weightwatchers connect gives you all those things and lots more. because when you’re losing weight and building healthy habits, sharing that experience with others can be incredibly powerful—and it could be the key to your success. we’ll show you how. curious about our connect community? it’s available only to weightwatchers members.join ww today!how to use connect download the weightwatchers app and you’ll get immediate access with your membership. find connect on the app’s home screen: tap the connect icon (the group of people) in the lower-right corner and you’re in. then introduce yourself!post photos or videos of your journey, recipes you love, what inspires you,  milestones, and mini victories.get inspired. check out the trending and new feeds to see how other members use the program and try their best tips. explore your interests. search hashtags at the top of the connect screen. for example, #newbies, #wwmoms, or #wwbros to connect with your tribe, or #transformationtuesday or #bettertogether for the ultimate inspo. find and follow people. follow us @wwofficial for news, tips, and special events!join groups. working parents, college, zeropoint foods: protein, early birds—there’s one for just about anything you’re looking for. on the connect screen, tap see all (next to groups), then browse groups, or use the search bar. search your local studio’s name to find its connect group.pay it forward. cheer on other members by liking and commenting on their posts.for even more opportunities for community, connection, and coaching—whether in person or virtually—check out weightwatchers workshops. workshops are about more than accountability. you’ll get support, learn proven behavior change techniques, and bond with members like you. plus, workshop members are proven to lose twice as much weight as those who do it on their own!* i’m ready *d.f. tate et al., 12-month randomized multi-country trial comparing weight loss between the ww program and a do it yourself approach where resource guides were provided. jama network open. funded by ww international, inc.ends today: join for as low as $10/month!learn morepricing and special offersweightwatchers membershipweight-loss medication plansworkshop plansregistered dietitian planscompare membershipsinvite a friendmilitary personnel offerteacher offercollege student offerhealthcare professional offeroprah's live virtual experiencefsa and hsa reimbursementour weight-loss programhow weightwatchers workspoints program: trusted, proven, and science-backedworkshops: live coaching and community supportweight-loss medications: glp-1s, access to doctorsregistered dietitians: expert meal planning and nutrition supportsupport for diabetes support for glp-1s member success storiesweight-loss medicationsabout weight-loss medicationscompounded semaglutide prescription onlinewegovy® prescription onlineozempic® prescription onlinezepbound® prescription online (injectable pen)zepbound® prescription online (single-dose vial)mounjaro® prescription onlinemetformin prescription onlinerecipes and blogour blogweight-loss tipshealthy recipesdiabetessleep tipsfood and nutritionfitness and exercisehealth and wellness tipsweightwatchers for businessabout weightwatchers for businessour companyour storypresscareersfor businessaffiliate programscience centerhelpfind a workshopbrowse studio locationsfrequently asked questionshow to use the ww appactivate monthly passcontact usmoreaccessibilityvirtual patent markingprivacy policynotice of privacy practices health privacy statementdo not sell my personal infoad choicesterms and conditionsunited statesthe weightwatchers® logo, weightwatchers®, points, and zeropoint are trademarks of ww international, inc. ©2025 ww international, inc. all rights reserved.