  vellore christian medical college foundation            
skip to content

 
search

×


search


donate now

vellore christian medical college foundationabout usvision, mission & valuesleadershipgovernancestewardshipaudited financials & 990sannual reportsour partners in philanthropyalumnieisre awardsfriends of cmcscudder familyusaid/ashafaith-based communityu.s. medical institutionsintroduction to dr. ida sophia scudderintroduction to cmc vellorepresent dayhistorymilestone timeline2020 annual report accompanimentfoundation historyprogram supportcompassionate carescientific researchsenior training fellowshipsadvanced educationcapital improvementsacademic alliancesida scudder legacydr. ida s. scudder humanitarian orationways to givedonate nowrecurring donationhonor/memorial giftbridgehousems. aleyamma kuruvilla nursing scholarship fundjawadhi hillslevel i trauma and specialty medicine centerongoing campaignsother ways to giveget involvedstart a matching gift campaignsubmit an article for publicationsponsor a studentorganize student exchange opportunitiesbecome a foundation or cmc volunteerbecome a foundation membernewsroom
about usvision, mission & valuesleadershipgovernancestewardshipaudited financials & 990sannual reportsour partners in philanthropyalumnieisre awardsfriends of cmcscudder familyusaid/ashafaith-based communityu.s. medical institutionsintroduction to dr. ida sophia scudderintroduction to cmc vellorepresent dayhistorymilestone timeline2020 annual report accompanimentfoundation historyprogram supportcompassionate carescientific researchsenior training fellowshipsadvanced educationcapital improvementsacademic alliancesida scudder legacydr. ida s. scudder humanitarian orationways to givedonate nowrecurring donationhonor/memorial giftbridgehousems. aleyamma kuruvilla nursing scholarship fundjawadhi hillslevel i trauma and specialty medicine centerongoing campaignsother ways to giveget involvedstart a matching gift campaignsubmit an article for publicationsponsor a studentorganize student exchange opportunitiesbecome a foundation or cmc volunteerbecome a foundation membernewsroom

 vellore cmcfoundation


donate




search



about usvision, mission & valuesleadershipgovernancestewardshipaudited financials & 990sannual reportsour partners in philanthropyalumnieisre awardsfriends of cmcscudder familyusaid/ashafaith-based communityu.s. medical institutionsintroduction to dr. ida sophia scudderintroduction to cmc vellorepresent dayhistorymilestone timeline2020 annual report accompanimentfoundation historyprogram supportcompassionate carescientific researchsenior training fellowshipsadvanced educationcapital improvementsacademic alliancesida scudder legacydr. ida s. scudder humanitarian orationways to givedonate nowrecurring donationhonor/memorial giftbridgehousems. aleyamma kuruvilla nursing scholarship fundjawadhi hillslevel i trauma and specialty medicine centerongoing campaignsother ways to giveget involvedstart a matching gift campaignsubmit an article for publicationsponsor a studentorganize student exchange opportunitiesbecome a foundation or cmc volunteerbecome a foundation membernewsroom
kuruvilla nursing scholarshipscmc vellore announces new medical college with $60 million commitment from the azim premji foundationwe  congratulate christian medical college (cmc) vellore on the monumental $60 million commitment from the azim premji foundation to build a new medical college at the chittoor campus.learn more2022 annual report2023 annual reportwe are pleased to announce our publication of the foundation’s 2023 annual report! in this report, we invite you to meet the donors who have enabled cmc’s most recent transformative initiatives. among these highlights are the celebration of the foundation’s 75th anniversary and other momentous occasions where we honored individuals and institutions for their enduring dedication to cmc’s mission.read the 2023 annual reportgala4th annual gala - "advancing research for a healthier tomorrow"our 2024 gala, "advancing research for a healthier tomorrow," was a night to remember—raising an impressive $100,000 for cmc vellore, a historic milestone made possible by our generous community of supporters. together, we celebrated visionary honoree dr. siddhartha mukherjee, enjoyed a special performance by penn masala, and united to make a difference.learn more75 anniv. vlscongratulations to the foundation's 2024 eisre award winnersmedicineajit varki, mdnursingshanthi margoschis, msnallied healthjoseph a. roche, phdeisre award 2nominations open for the 2025 eisre alumni awardsubmit your nominations by may 1st, 2025this annual award is intended to recognize the individual contributions of north american cmc alumni  whose career pursuits have resulted in the attainment of excellence in service, research, and education (eisre).learn moresubmit your nomination

for the past 75 years ...building a lasting legacy of servant leadershipwe have supported the christian medical college & hospital of vellore (cmc), one of india’s most prestigious private healthcare and medical education institutions.through your generosity, we fund research that’s shaping the future of medicine; education that prepares india’s next generation of healthcare professionals to tackle the country’s toughest health challenges; and compassionate care that provides physical and spiritual healing for those most in need.

 

research						

 

education						

 

compassionate care						philanthropy built on partnership and purposeby nurturing lasting relationships with individuals and organizations who share our passion for cmc’s mission and ida s. scudder’s ethos, the foundation continues to be a source of enduring innovation and compassion. learn about our key partners below.

alumnialumnicmc’s u.s. alumni serve as the standard bearers for charitable giving and leadership in their support of the foundation and cmc. this extraordinary group inspires and challenges itself and others to act as a force for good in their own communities and around the world.learn morefaith-based communityfaith-based communitycmc’s and the foundation’s relationship with the u.s. faith-based community dates back to the year 1900. through the extraordinary support of various denominations, cmc has deepened its dedication to high-quality care and expanded its reach to include millions.learn morefriends of cmcfriends of cmcmany supporters of cmc -- here in the u.s. -- have ties to this unique institution that are founded upon first hand experiences resulting in a genuine desire to ensure the continued success of this organization -- one that has adopted empathy as an institutional culture.learn morepublic sectorpublic sectorsince 1982, the collaborative efforts of cmc and the foundation have resulted in public sector grants totalling $11 million from the u.s. government’s american schools and hospitals abroad (asha) program. the result has been dramatic improvements in charitable care.learn moreus medical institutionsus medical institutionsthrough the development of long-term collaborative relationships with the most well-respected u.s. medical research and education institutions, the foundation has fostered individual and institutional achievements that benefit students, faculty and patients alike.learn morescudder familyscudder familythe scudder family’s dedication to missionary work, which dates back more than 200 years, gave rise to the founding of cmc. ida scudder, the granddaughter of the first u.s. missionary to travel abroad, began her own medical mission in vellore in 1900.learn more
christian medical college, vellorea bold vision with humble beginnings​the christian medical college (cmc) in vellore, india was founded in 1900 as a one-room clinic by dr. ida s. scudder. today, cmc is a renowned medical institution that cares for over two million patients and trains thousands of doctors, nurses and other medical professionals each year. cmc conducts the region’s most advanced medical research, training, and health programs.


learn more

news and noteworthy



foundation celebrates milestone gala, raising $100,000 through generous matching donation			

november 1, 2024		on the evening of october 3, 2024, the foundation marked a historic milestone by raising an incredible $100,000 during its annual gala, an achievement made possible by the generous support

read more »		



cmc vellore announces new medical college with $60 million commitment from the azim premji foundation			

october 10, 2024		we are thrilled to congratulate christian medical college (cmc) vellore on the monumental $60 million commitment from the azim premji foundation to build a new medical college at the chittoor

read more »		



2022 year in review			

january 31, 2023		as expected, 2022 was a year marked by several unique challenges and accomplishments, each of which helped elevate the foundation to a new level of operational capabilities and achievement. this

read more »		our pledge to you100 percent of your gift goes towards the improvement of healthcare in india.as responsible stewards of the resources entrusted to our care, we pledge to utilize every donation wisely and effectively to fulfill our donors’ intent. we promise to ensure the realization of the humanitarian missions for which our organization exists.


audited financials & 990s




annual reports




ways to give




twitter
 



facebook-f
 



youtube
 



linkedin-in
 
email (required) *select list(s) to subscribe tonewsletter request example: yes, i would like to receive emails from vellore christian medical college foundation. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: . you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact


 contact usvellore christian medical college foundation475 riverside dr., suite 725new york, ny 10115212-870-2640fax 212.870.2173foundation@vellorecmc.orgpolicies

privacy policy			

conflict of interest policy			

document retention policy			

whistleblower policy			

measuring effectiveness policy			

terms of use			foundation partnerscmc vellorecmc researchcmc int’l alumni associationcmc alumni association of n.a.scudder association foundationcmc vellorecmc researchcmc int’l alumni associationcmc alumni association of n.a.scudder association foundation© 2020 vellore christian medical college foundation. all rights reserved.site design by joel lansden
                 




