






home - cypress capital


































































logo
 












research
charts

home
chartbooks
all market indicators


asset management
contact
log in
 





select page


  
 



 



 













financial markets researchdata-driven historically informed research with a focus on managing risk across the market cycle
subscribe








asset managementwhere managing risk and investor behavior are the priorities
learn more








ocio servicescomprehensive platform to turn your practice into a money management firm
learn more













asset management
a risk mitigation approach to asset management available as separately managed accounts or model delivery








research & charts
proprietary quantitative research published as a standalone service for advisors and individual investors. hundreds of unique market indicators and charts.








cio outsourcing
outsourced investment officer services for advisors ready to turn their practice into a process. custom portfolio solutions & practice management tailored for successful advisors pursuing growth.







latest research







world wrap

by mark t. dodson, cfa | february 17, 2025 | research, world wrap | 0 comments

- global equities and commodities climbed, and international equities led the performance among asset classes.
- tech and large-cap stocks led all factors, styles, and sectors. healthcare was the only declining sector - falling on news of rfk jr becoming the secretary of hhs.
- international stocks started 2025 with a bang, which continued last week. germany climbed more than 5%, and china rose more than 7%.
- the dollar fell 1.2%, falling to new lows for 2025. commodities rallied, and gold reached another new all-time high.


you must first subscribe or login to access this content.




 
read more 








market outlook – mri hits 99%. is it different this time?

by mark t. dodson, cfa | february 16, 2025 | market outlook, research | 0 comments 
read more 







 







©2025 cypress capital llc 

cypress capital - form crs | cypress capital - form adv 



















