









lp: do health care differently, better, and for 50% less - medi-share®































































medishare
















call today! 1-855-542-4253












enjoy reliable health care and save up to 50%













medi-share membership includes:







24/7 access to telehealth virtual doctors visits with board-certified physicians.









nationwide provide flexibility provider choose the provider that you want.
                









98% member satisfaction rate medi-share has an industry leading member satisfaction rating.
                









30+ years of proven reliability. $7b+ medical bills shared & discounted.
                









medi-share can help you save on health care.
















with medi-share, there’s an option for every budget and it is perfect for:










individuals & families

 click to view plan details 







 close 





                      an affordable alternative.
                        








one cost per family
nationwide provider access
direct bill management
annual visits
dental, vision, prescription discounts and more







 explore your options 










seniors 65+
                       
                      
 click to view plan details 







 close 





                        a supplemental health care sharing option for seniors.
                        





medi-share 65+ picks up where medicare stops:


low monthly pricing $99
dental, vision and hearing discounts
referral rewards and more







 explore your options 























experience the medi-share difference






















                  medi-share is a health care sharing program where members share in each other’s medical bills and pray for each other’s
                  medical challenges.
                





 get affordable health care 















see what our members are saying














                          “this is a very christ-centered way of medical cost assistance.”
                        

- stephanie n.
















                          “medi-share is far superior to other sharing programs.”
                        

- paulette b.


























still need help finding the right program?



              speak to one of our experts today to learn why medi-share is the leading healthcare community that brings real savings, call
              us:
            




 by calling 1-855-542-4253 












medishare
















medi-share is a nonprofit health care sharing ministry of christian care ministry, inc (“ccm”). medi-share members voluntarily share each other’s medical expenses in accordance with guidelines adopted by the members and administered by ccm. medi-share is not insurance and is not regulated as insurance. neither ccm nor any medi-share member assume any legal obligation to share in the payment of any medical expense incurred by another medi-share member. medi-share members are exempt from the individual mandate in the patient protection and affordable care act. see 26 u.s.c. §5000a(d)(2)(b). certain states expressly exempt from insurance regulation healthcare sharing ministries that, among other things, post a specific notice. although medi-share does not rely on such express exemptions, medi-share has elected to publish these notices. click to review the specific notice for the state in which you reside. click to view our privacy policy
© 2025 christian care ministry. all rights reserved















