





dme expansion joints & exhaust components














































 





skip to content














 companyabout dmeour valuesour peopleproductsindustrial expansion jointsexhaust expansion jointsrectangular expansion jointsbraided metal hoseaccessoriesindustriesmarinepower genco genoil & gassolarminingrefineryhydronicresourcestechnical specificationscatalogscertificationsglossaryinstallation guidesthermal expansion of pipe tableindustry insightsget in touch


search for:










 













 





our story 

for almost 40 years, dme has been manufacturing custom metal bellows expansion joints, exhaust system components, and flexible metal hose assemblies. 







our products 

at dme we have 100% control over all the products we build; starting from incoming material inspection, design, planning, parts manufacturing, final quality control inspection and completed with on-time shipping. 







industries we serve 

our staff has the knowledge and experience to recognize the unique needs of different industries and to provide appropriate solutions and products. 



 




 






dme bellows expansion joints & exhaust componentsdme2019-12-04t08:15:28-08:00 


the dme difference
as specialists in the design and manufacturing of expansion joints, exhaust connectors, flexible metal hose, and related products, we put forth our utmost efforts to assist you in your specific requirements. we believe sincerely that our products represent the finest in design, quality, and workmanship available today. we make this possible by listening to our customers, reacting to their needs appropriately and taking the time necessary to ensure our parts will provide the solutions they require.
get in touch



product spotlight




exhaust expansion joints
exhaust expansion joints provide the ultimate vibration isolation and flexibility at the engine exhaust manifold and are required to absorb the thermal expansion of the piping.




braided pump connector
dme braided pump connectors feature an effective solution for your high pressure needs and are effective in lateral displacement applications.




rain deflector
the dme rain deflector works by diverting the water away from the pipe rather than blocking it off entirely. through a series of openings on the side of the unit, exhaust escapes from the pipe silently.




pipe guides
by restricting lateral pipe movements while allowing movement along the pipe’s axis, dme guides ensure positive alignment.





i’ve been using dme expansion joints to manufacture special components for me for a few years and it’s always been perfect.
— jeremy c.
dme expansion joints is probably one of our most dependable vendors. i’m very happy with their level of quality of products, pricing, and service.
— ted k.
we’ve been using dme expansion joints’ products for over four years now for our exhaust silencers and have yet to be disappointed. they communicate efficiently, have a quick response time, and offer great customer service.
— dennis g.



industry insights













dme standard hydrostatic testing procedures universal expansion joint  hydrostatic testing is an extremely valuable step in [...]














how does an externally pressurized expansion joint work?most people understand the concept of a common dme bellows expansion joint, consisting [...]














bellows: single-ply or multiply?the engineered metal bellows we know of today has been around for quite [...]







 
 






iso 9001:2015 certification

download



company
about us
our values
our people


products
industrial expansion joints
exhaust expansion joints
rectangular expansion joints
braided metal hose
accessories


industries
marine
power gen
co gen
oil & gas
solar
mining
refinery
hydronic


resources
guides
technical specifications
catalogs
certifications
glossary
industry insights


contact
get in touch

 

 
 
 





privacy policy | terms of use | download iso certificate

©  dme expansion joints, all rights reserved	


facebooktwitterinstagram
 
 
 
 


 
 


































































































































































