










old world santas by mountain elves - handmade one of a kind santa claus & christmas designs by patricia mccarty









mountain elves







old
        world santas
by
patricia mccarty
 



"for me, christmas
        is still the most magical time of the year"
        " yes, i still believe in santa claus"

welcome
        to the magical world of mountain elves!
        as you journey through my site you will find many

        interesting places to go and things to do.

        you may wish to visit the old world santa doll gallery
        to view or purchase my latest creations.
        learn about santa claus folklore & legends

        or just sit back and relax as you browse around
        in the mountain elves bookstore.

        wherever you may go,
        if you love christmas as i do, 
        you should find something of interest.

        if you're using netscape,
        the "magic" will follow you around this page!






 



 

 stumble it!

(review this site)











 













 



meet
        the artist   
      if you would like to know who i am and how i became interested in making 
      santa claus dolls, then this is the link to follow!  my west virginia 
      memories of christmas play a large part in why i chose to make my living 
      creating santa dolls & christmas collectables.  find out why i still 
      believe in santa claus and always will.
 





santa
        gallery   
 mountain elves
        figures are one-of-a-kind creations. the unique designs are the result
        of my interpretation of christmas legends and customs from around the
        world. each doll is individually designed with a hand-sculpted
        face.  signed, dated and comes with a certificate of authenticity
        and folklore. some examples of the santa claus dolls that can be ordered
        include pere noel, belsnickle, father christmas, african american santa 
      claus, knecht
        ruprecht, julenisse, bavarian santa,  weihnachtsmann, civil war 
      santa,  zwart piet. julenisse and many more!
 








mountain elves christmas shop  mountain 
      elves has done the work for you and has hand picked some of the best, most 
      unique christmas decorations & gifts for our shop. select from christmas 
      tree ornaments, unique gifts, tree decorations, novelty tree lights, santa 
      claus ornaments, hand blown glass, dolls and figurines to help you 
      celebrate the holidays. the mountain 
      elves christmas store is a new feature and will be  updated 
      with new items specially hand picked by mountain 
      elves. 








featured link:
hurley-byrd 
        feeders

links 
        to other santa claus sites, christmas decorations, tree ornaments, doll sites, music, art & craft resources and 
      sites that are just plain interesting!  view artist
        links by medium. 
if you would you like to
        exchange links with mountain elves  add
        your url & description. 


click here to visit mountain elves featured link!
      

hurley-byrd feeders: if you seek the finest 
      traditional bird, deer and wildlife feeders available, here they are!  
      designed by wildlife enthusiasts and crafted by professional woodworkers. 
      hurley-byrd feeders are handcrafted using only the finest western red 
      cedar, brass, stainless and ceramic coated screws and each are protected 
      with beautiful penetrating oil finishes.








fine
        shops and show schedule  
      information and links to shows and fine shops where mountain elves are 
      found. 
        i'm available for special event demonstration's.

        online resume available upon request.  update: i'm sorry to 
      announce that the 2007-2008 schedule has been cancelled due to illness in 
      the family.

 






mountain
        elves bookstore 
        an online bookstore where you can
        safely shop for books related to santa making, santa collecting, doll
        making and general arts & crafts. 
learn how to make santa claus figures. 

        art & craft supplies: find 
        deals on everything from carving tools to sewing machines! keep checking 
        back for new additions and bargains. 

        you may also want to try out: amazon.com gift ideas

 











handmade wv art & crafts
       the 
      west virginia art & craft guild or wvacg, is a non-profit membership 
      organization, formed in 1963 by people determined to preserve and promote 
      the west virginia creative lifestyle as well as a standard of excellence 
      for the creations. the guild is proud of its forty five year tradition of 
      being the only west virginia state-wide independent crafts organization.
 




 

santa claus folklore & legends  
santa claus has many faces and personalities. 
      here you will find condensed versions of santa claus folklore & legends 
      upon which many mountain elves figures are based.

        many legends
        on this site have come from extensive research,
        including contacting the embassy of several countries
        and by interviewing individuals who have spent their childhood in those countries. 
        these santa legends are from my research of historical folklore 
        originating from a specific country.  
when no originating historical folklore 
        exists for a particular santa that i have created,  historical 
        knowledge of the era or interviews with individuals who grew up in 
        another country and used with their permission were created.  these 
        stories are clearly marked to avoid confusion.





 feedjit live blog stats 
around
        the world with santa claus  
santa claus has no boundaries! thanks to all the 
      wonderful countries and people that have taken the time to journey though 
      the world of mountain elves! i have met some wonderful new friends, santa 
      claus doll collectors & santa artists over the years! 
mountain elves has been viewed by many countries 
        from all over the world. to view who has visited mountain elves click
        here! 
 












 

 stumble it!
(review this site)








 











 























mountain elves uses and supports the following 
      web hosting service.
      great service and plans for both personal and business sites.
ranked #1 in
      
      hosting review!








 






















(view entries from my retired guestbook)
      






 
the 
        santamakers guild


your connection to other santa claus & doll 
        artists from around the world.
newly created facebook page!  
        >>>
         



 







      the santamaker's connection
for
        both santa artist's & collector's


  santa makers connection is a 
      gift to both our members and our visitors!  we welcome you to have a long, 
      enjoyable look around. visitors are welcome and encouraged to view our 
      pages! membership is free and open to both santa artists and collector's.
      
      all skill levels are welcome to join!  our mission is to connect, inform, share and offer support to both the santamaker's 
      & santa collector's from around the world.
santa artist 

yahoo group: 
        group for santa claus and doll artists to exchange information and 
      ideas. founded in 1998, there are currently over 246 santa artists on the 
      "santamakers list" from all over the world.  














 
  
 

this
 santa ring site is owned
by   patricia mccarty [skip prev] [prev] [next] [skip next] [random] [next 5] [list
]
want to join the ring? click here for  
info 

  

the santa ring graphics have been supplied by
juelie mclean 















         


the
        artwv connection was established
        in 1997 and is open to all west virginia artist & craftsmen, gallery
        owners, shops or anyone who is a resident of wv and in some capacity is
        involved with arts or crafts in west virginia.

go
        here to find out more about artwv or to view links of some of our
        members web sites.













mountain elves is committed to
        online privacy.
        view mountain elves privacy policy


        customers who have made a purchase,
        please take a moment to
        rate mountain elves performance







 





| home
| meet the artist | santa
gallery |

craft gallery | bookstore
|
| santa folklore | links
| add a link | 
santa artists yahoo group |

| discussion
group | guestbook |
contact
mountain elves | 
santamakers guild |


 











last updated: 
10/03/11



home of mountain elves
    created by patricia mccarty on 3/27/97
    background & images by:
    mountain elves © 1986 - 2011 patricia mccarty

    for permission to use santa photos 
    click
    here 




website design services for art & crafts.

for information and prices contact: mountain elves
specializing in web design for the artist & crafter since 1997









 





 