


mid century modern and space age vintage design
















 
midcentury modern 
space age
art deco
design
this is a resource for vintage design, modern design and contemporary
design furniture, interiors, architecture, art, technology, consumer products and more.
we have not had the time to add photos of vintage modern furniture, interiors,
architecture, technologies and products that were "cutting edge" in their day. here are some terms related to
the designs we will be highlighting.

abstract - having an intellectual and affective artistic content that depends
solely on intrinsic form rather than on narrative content or pictorial representation.
art deco - a decorative and architectural style of the period 1925-1940, characterized by
geometric designs, bold colors, and the use of plastic and glass.
 
classic - formal, refined, and restrained in style.
 
danish modern design - another kind of 20th-century furniture, more closely linked with the arts
and crafts movement, was produced in england and scandinavia. the makers of this practical, comfortable furniture
looked to the past for inspiration.
 
geometric - using simple geometric forms such as circles and squares in design and decoration.
 
modern - of or relating to a recently developed or advanced style, technique, or technology:
modern art; modern medicine.
 
original - not derived from something else; fresh and unusual.
pop culture - contemporary lifestyle and items that are well known and generally accepted,
cultural patterns that are widespread within a population.
 
post modern - of or relating to art, architecture, or literature that reacts against earlier
modernist principles, as by reintroducing traditional or classical elements of style or by carrying modernist
styles or practices to extremes
retro - fashion, decor, design, or style reminiscent of things past.
 
scandinavian design - traditionally, scandinavian design has been associated with simple,
uncomplicated designs, functionality and a democratic approach. these are the characteristics that must be
reassessed in the light of recent research on modernism. in any case, scandinavian design provides us with a
paradigm in order to understand the making of the modern world, and we see that it still has meaning for people the
world over. the concept has been a substantial theme for scholarly debates, enlightening exhibitions and marketing
agendas for the last fifty years.
 
swedish design - the foundations of contemporary swedish design were laid by a national cultural
awakening and powerful currents in the arts in the final decades of the 19th century, around the turn of the
century and in the early 20th century. those seeking to trace the history of swedish design like to dwell on two
legendary years. 1930 was the year of the great stockholm exhibition*, which marked the breakthrough of
functionalism in sweden. in 1955 the great ideal home exhibition, h55*, took place in helsingborg in southern
sweden, where a lot of the things that the world now thinks of as swedish design and craftmanship were put on
display. even now, h55 is a source of inspiration for many young designers. --




site search





 


home


vintage modern chairs





 appoggio chair

 armchair by aalto

 armchair 12 by kjaerholm

 armchair 19 by magistretti

 barcelona chair

 basculant by le corbusier

 baseball glove chair

 bellini modern chair

 bentwood modern armchair

 cesca modern cantilever chair

 dondolo chair

 drum chair

 eames aluminum chairs

 eames dinning chairs

 eames lcm chair

 eames lounge chair

 eames plywood chair

 george nelson modern sofa

 landi chair by hans coray

 le corbusier chaise lounge

 le corbusier confort chair

 lounge chair by paulin

 marilyn monroe lips chair

 mies van der rohe brno chair

 mies van der rohe mr chair

 mies van der rohe tugendhat

 panton plastic modern chair

 pastiiii chair by eero aarnio

 pedro freideberg hand chair

 piretti pila stacking chairs

 poul kjaerholm - chair 20

 rietveld berlin chair

 rietveld  zig-zag chair

 rowland stacking chair

 sling chair by meadmore

 soriana chair

 steltman chair

 t chair

 tatlin modern chair

 tomeraj armchair

 tripolina chair

 up 1 modern chair

 wassily chair by breuer

 wegner modern chair



heywood wakefield


paul mccobb furniture





 bedroom furniture

 directional desk

 directional dining furniture

 occasional furniture

 seating

 storage



abstract modern art





 hartley e abstract painting

 man ray abstract art painting

 marin lower manhattan

 schamberg machine painting

 weber chinese restaurant



cubism and futurism art





 lucky strike abstract art



expressionist biomorphic art





 baziotes blue mirror

 brooks no 27 modern painting

 carles composition 3

 gorky agony painting

 lassaw composition in steel

 noguchi sculpture the gunas

 rothko number 14

 seliger: winterscape

 smith: blackburn



expressionist geometric art





 calder feathers sculpture

 davis for internal use only

 knaths maritime

 lassaw milky way

 smith amusement park



mid century modern art





 midcentury modern art books

 midcentury modern painters



naturalistic geometric art





 feininger vita nova oil painting

 marin the fog lifts



pure geometric art





 de rivera art

 glarner relational painting

 morris suspended discs

 pereira composition in white

 roszak construction



batik modern textile art


architectural art





 crawford from the bridge 1942

 lewandowski christmas tree

 model uptown 1947



modern architecture





 l'unite d'habitation, marseilles

 nantes reze pilotis

 nantes reze reliefs

 notre dame, ronchamp

 villa savoye, poissy

 visual arts center, cambridge

 youth center firminy



mid century modern homes





 albuquerque, nm house

 birmingham, michigan house

 mill valley, california house

 new orleans, louisiana house

 north kingstown, ri house

 pleasantville wedge house

 pleasantville, ny round house

 sausalito, california house

 seattle, wa family house

 seattle, washington house

 shelburne, vermont house

 tryon, north carolina house

 vina, california house

 washington, mn house

 west la, california house



vintage electronics





 vintage ge television set



fun stuff





 birth of the auto industry

 danish modern design

 museums

 modern furniture

 retail stores






site map | copyright 2014 | robsequin.com | 
   contact us



