


home - living heritage























 























skip to content access keys














 

home
about living heritage
schools' stories
participate
news
contact us










welcome to living heritage

where young people celebrate the heritage of new zealand and the pacific islands. with our support, schools and young people can present their own web pages about their local community, family, and friends.living heritage is actively seeking sponsorship and other revenue generating opportunities. to join this conversation contact livingheritage@2020.org.nz
profiled story








a past pupil goes to war


                        
kilbirnie school                        
– published

                        
                        22/04/2015
                        




with the help of his family, students tell francis john herbert (bert) fear’s story, look at what kilbirnie school was like in his day and at kilbirnie in the time of ww1.
read this story




latest stories








searching for our tupuna


hora hora - primary
– published
11/03/2016


the children at hora hora primary walked in the forest above their school, found the remains of a civilization and wondered about the people who had lived there. read their stories. 
read this story










family celebrations


khandallah school - primary
– published
16/12/2015


this term khandallah school class 7 students have all had their sixth birthday. then they wondered what else do we celebrate with our families?
read this story










the grand pet day


lincoln primary school - primary
– published
15/12/2015


pet days have been happening for many years at lincoln primary school. the students share the history of their pet day.
read this story










karitane landmarks


karitane school - primary
– published
11/12/2015


students from karitane school share some of the interesting places in their community that are special to them.
read this story










how hokitika got its name


hokitika primary school - primary
– published
18/11/2015


hokitika - a town well-known but a question is often asked, is there a story behind its name? hokitika primary school bi-lingual class shares their discovery.
read this story











language options:




english



māori









search


search text:














their names shall live 1914 - 1918










there are world war one memorials at schools and in communities throughout new zealand. have you ever wondered about the men and women named on these memorials and their stories?through 2020 communications trust’s new living heritage initiative their names shall live, schools can create a living heritage ww1 memorial digital story to honour the people who served their country in the first world war and preserve their stories for future generations.learn more about taking part in the initiative their names shall live here. 





featured news



congratulations to schools that have recently finished their websites. take a look at ........ read more







some of the latest living heritage stories were created as part of the new zealand national commission for unesco pacific islands' living heritage project.  












about this site
accessibility
legal and privacy statement
site map
contact us


© copyright, living heritage – copyright, privacy and disclaimer statements










