








	wacx - home










































 

 




♥ donate




 



home
tv station






about us
fcc applications
coverage
eeo
digital channels
freeda's legacy









program schedule
ways to support
$ tithe
contact us
sales

























claud bowers, founder & president. superchannel worship ministries, inc., now in its 46th year of christian television broadcasting in central florida!watch claud's "911" program series weekdays and overnight as well. check the program schedule for times...also available on nation-wide nrb television network on mondays, 6am est.see below.





















recent aerial photo of the majesty building... work continues and paying as we go. thank you supporting partners!second quarter 2024 update reportwork continues on building interior... paying as we go.the building exterior is now 99% complete.the 1,000 car parking garage is 99% complete.we are now working on the building interior.in addition, the new interstate 4 on/off ramps at the building are now complete... and offer direct access from the expressway directly into the parking garage. click here for more information.  






 





 join angela for praise around the piano sundays at 4pm call in your song request during the broadcast!    everyone invited to pray!every tuesday at 7 a.m.superchannel worship ministries, inc. 7 a.m. tuesday morning prayer meeting meet at: word of faith family church 285 w central parkway altamonte springs, fl 32714 (next to superchannel studio)






click to support superchannel or the majesty building projectgift/partner connectionwe appreciate your gift or pledge in support of superchannel. be reminded that you or anyone/anywhere can view superchannel on laptop computer or any mobile device. click to donate now | click to watch now





 


 


































 








copyright (c) 2025 superchannel wacx-tv, orlando / daytona beach / melbourne, fl
  |  terms of use   |   privacy statement  |  fcc public inspection file  |  eeo report  |  fcc applications


	powered by right brain medialogin

 














