

















grayslake, il - official website | official website









  















skip to main content

























 














village center








aquatic center








heritage center








edc










 
 
 





    i 💚 grayslake       services      government      how do i...  


 

 

 

 


 













search







 
 










   





 
 
 






 










































  
 
 












 














request for servicelearn more








community notification sign-uplearn more








online paymentslearn more








local business websiteslearn more








enews sign-uplearn more








community directorylearn more










 
 
 




























 














news & trending topics


keep informed in grayslake
 






  
 
 















february village newsletter now available! 


the february newsletter is now available. click the link below to read about our village current events, announcements, and reminders.			additional info...







passport parking at grayslake metra stations 


the village of grayslake is excited to announce the launch of the passport parking app at grayslake metra stations						read on...







village of grayslake heritage center and museum 


the village of grayslake heritage center and museum is a state of the art history museum that features multiple exhibition galleries, a classroom, a community room, archives and collections storage.  visit the heritage center website today!			heritage center and museum website







grayslake village center 


visit the new grayslake village center website. grayslake's village center is located in the heart of the village. it includes the historic downtown with its antique lighting, historic storefronts, and small businesses with a customer-friendly atmosphere.			grayslake village center website







esper a. petersen foundation family aquatic center 


located in the heart of grayslake, the grayslake aquatic center sits nestled on five and a half acres located near il route 83, making it accessible in minutes from surrounding communities. for more information,  visit the aquatic center website today!			aquatic center website







bike trails 


grayslake was one of the first communities in the chicago region to create a comprehensive development plan for trails, bike paths, and sidewalks..			learn more







community garden 


the grayslake community garden is located on the east side of library lane across from the library lane senior residences and grayslake public library. garden plots are available on a first-come, first-served basis.			learn more







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 











 















 






  
 









   





 
 







contact us







	10 south seymour avenue
grayslake, il 60030

phone: 847-223-8515
fax: 847-223-4821

contact us
 






  
 







important links







agendas & minutes



bids



newsletters



stopped freight trains sample letter



grayslake sustainability plan 2017









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







site links







home



site map



accessibility



privacy policy



copyright notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close



























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









