




the world revolution















welcome! the
        world revolution is an idea for a new, global activist social movement for progressive social change. it aims
        to resolve in a definitive and comprehensive manner the
        major social problems of our world and our era.  major
        issue areas of the world revolution include: peace, human
        rights, the environment, and world poverty.        


join the world revolution!

mailing list sign-up

member / supporter registration


contact info & comments






introduction & overview
the world revolution is an ambitious, yet necessary and
        desirable, idea
        for a new, global grassroots social movement for progressive social
        change. it aims to resolve in a definitive and comprehensive manner the
        major social problems of our world and our era.
the world revolution is intended to be a large-scale,
        mass social movement, involving large numbers of people, and international
        in scope.  it is also intended to be a long-term, yet
        urgent social movement.  a tentative time-frame for the wr is 15-25
        years.
there are four broad 'issue areas' of the wr: 'peace',
        human rights, environment, and development.
the world revolution is intended to be a primarily
        peaceful and nonviolent revolution, based on nonviolent activism,
        organizing and advocacy.
a major aspect of the wr is an attempt to unify both the
        various organizations as well as individuals throughout the world that are working for global
        justice.
the wr is intended to be a free and open social
        movement, and not a formal, official organization.  it is intended
        to be fully democratic, decentralized and non-hierarchical in its
        structure and decision-making.
types of activity and activism envisioned by the world
        revolution include: protests, public education, media activism, civil
        disobedience, direct action, and other traditional as well as new,
        innovative forms of activism, advocacy, campaigning and protest.
it is envisioned that the wr would be organized into
        'local wr groups' or 'project groups', which would form the main
        organizational structure and nucleus of activity of the world
        revolution.  
the world revolution would have a comprehensive,
        multi-issue agenda of issues of concern and policy objectives on global
        issues, providing the main basis for advocacy and activism.  an
        agenda would be a comprehensive set of policy objectives that the world
        revolution aims to achieve.
an important part of the world revolution will also be to
        conduct full research and analysis on various global issues of concern,
        and which will provide a basis for arriving at concrete and specific
        policy objectives which the wr will aim to advocate.
another important part of the world revolution will be to
        explore, posit, and pursue new alternatives to existing social, political,
        and economic systems, structures and institutions.  
the rationale for the world revolution includes the
        following points:  the state of the world and the scale and nature of
        the world's problems demands a full response; and the need for more
        unification and intensification of efforts to solve the world's most
        serious and pervasive problems.  
viva la revoluciã³n!
brief
        introduction & overview

introducing
          the world revolution

overview and basic
          elements of the wr

the world revolution:
          &overview

more articles & literature... 


supporting literature & related articles


          building the city of man: outlines of a world civilization

        by w. warren wagar
        this book was the original source of inspiration for the idea of the world 
        revolution.  it was written in 1971 by warren wagar, who was a distinguished 
        teaching professor of history and future studies at suny binghamton (state 
        university of new york).  please note that the world revolution is 
        not meant to follow all the points of this book.


          resurrect the r-word

        by michael albert
        
        article calling for the resurrection of the r-word, "revolution", written 
        by michael albert of z magazine/znet.  the full article talks mainly 
        about issues relating to the united states.
        


related projects
 globalissues.net  - guide to global issues
 
 


rationale: the state of the world
the world revolution aims to address the full range of global issues and problems, and the need for such a global movement is based upon the current state of the world. 

        here is a preliminary overview of global issues, covering four broad issue areas: poverty & development; war & conflict; the environment; and human rights & social justice.
        
brief version

full version

full overview of global issues (pdf format)
        
global poverty: 
        1 billion people live in 'extreme poverty' and 2 billion people live in
        'poverty'.  17 million people die every year from easily
        preventable causes, of which 11 million are children - that is 30,000
        children dying each day from hunger and preventable diseases.  800
        million people are hungry.  1 billion people do not have access to
        clean water and 2 billion do have proper sanitation.  the world's
        richest 1% of people earn as much combined annual income as the bottom 57%.
  
war & conflict: 
        5 million people have died in the wars of the past decade - 3 out of 4
        casualties in modern war are civilians.  25 million people have
        died in wars since .  the world spends over $800 billion annual on
        military.  there are over 20,000 nuclear weapons in the world.
        
environment: 
        half the world's original forests have been destroyed.  20% of
        mammals species are threatened with extinction.  1 billion people
        are threatened with desertification and land degradation
        
human rights: 
        women account for 70% of the world's poor.  50% of the world's
        people do not live in democracies.
        
        


the wr agenda (objectives)
the world revolution agenda is a comprehensive set of concrete global
        policy objectives - it outlines the major issues and the major policy
   the world revolution agenda is organized into four main sections:  peace, human rights, environment, and development.
there are currently 3 different versions of the world
        revolution agenda:
1.  full
        version (descriptions of issues plus policy objectives with
        descriptions)
        2.  policy
          objectives only with descriptions
        3.  brief
          version with only policy objectives


join / endorse the wr

mailing list sign-up

member / supporter registration

endorse the world revolution

organization endorsement

contact info & comments

        wr discussion forums
        
 
"whatever you can do, or
        dream you can, begin it.  boldness has genius, power and magic in
        it." - goethe		
"in this day of wonders no one will
        say that a thing or an idea is worthless because it is new.  to say
        it is impossible because it is difficult is again not in consonance with
        the spirit of the age.  things undreamt of are daily being seen,
        the impossible is ever becoming possible." - mahatma gandhi      












