






home health care, hospice, palliative care | amedisys 






































locationsaboutaboutwhy amedisys?leadership teamdiversity, equity & inclusionthe amedisys foundationrecognitionsour standards & complianceservicesserviceshome health carehome health care serviceshome health care teamhome health faqsspecialty programshome health assessment quizcomplete guide to home healthhospice carehospice care servicesour hospice philosophyhospice care teamhospice faqsspecialty programsdonationshospice care assessment quizcomplete guide to hospice carepalliative carepalliative care servicespalliative care teampalliative care faqshospital-level and skilled nursing care at homeinnovative solutionscurrent partnershipsresourcesresourcesresourcesfor patientsfor family/friendsfor healthcare providersrequesting medical recordsview all resourceshealthcare providershealthcare providersreferrals & patient ordersthe amedisys differencehigh-quality carehome health eligibilityhospice eligibilitybenefits of home health and hospicehome health and hospice educationamedisys specialty programscareersinvestors 








careers
investors
contact us




menu

search














locations

about



why amedisys?
leadership team
diversity, equity and inclusion
the amedisys foundation
recognitions
our standards & compliance





services



home health care
skilled nursing, therapy and other services to help with illness, injury or surgery

home health care services
home health care team
home health faqs
specialty programs
home health assessment quiz
complete guide to home health


hospice care
physical, emotional and spiritual care at the end of life

hospice care services
our hospice philosophy
hospice care team
hospice faqs
specialty programs
donations
hospice care assessment quiz
complete guide to hospice care


palliative care
relief from pain and symptoms at any stage of a serious illness
palliative care services
palliative care team
palliative care faqs


hospital-level and skilled nursing care at home
contessa, an amedisys company, enables a new standard of care with provider partners and payors to allow patients to be treated for serious health conditions at home
innovative solutions
current partnerships
resources





resources



for patients
for family/friends
for healthcare providers
requesting medical records
view all resources





healthcareproviders



referrals & patient orders
the amedisys difference
high-quality care
home health eligibility
hospice eligibility
benefits of home health and hospice
home health and hospice education
amedisys specialty programs



















in the moments that matter most, you are not alone. high-quality in-home care that keeps you where you want to be.   find a location 
 make a referral 
 join our team 
 






















watch our video: we care from the heart












amedisys home health care services







home health care
skilled nursing and therapy to help you recover from illness, injury or surgery, or to manage long-term conditions.

start support 









hospice care
physical, emotional and spiritual care at the end of life, along with help for loved ones.

find comfort 









palliative care
relief from pain and symptoms to help improve quality of life at any stage of a serious illness.

find relief 









hospital-level and skilled nursing care at home
contessa, an amedisys company, enables a new standard of care with provider partners and payors.

find expertise 








unsure of the differences between each service? view comparison 











why amedisys







1982
personalized caresince 1982




4+ stars
99% of home health agencies achieved 4 stars or higher in cms quality




3/3
above nationalaverage in all hospiceitem quality measures




90,000
chosen by 3,000hospitals and 90,000physicians




445,000
people cared foreach year










home health care and hospice jobs
at amedisys, whether we're caring for patients directly or supporting those who do, each of us is a caregiver at heart.
learn more about how you can help us lead the future of healthcare in the home and about our diversity and inclusion efforts to ensure that all team members can bring their full selves to work.

join our family 
diversity & inclusion 





home health care resources







2 min read

benefits of home health care







5 min read

what is hospice?







3 min read

palliative care vs hospice





view all resources 




a trusted in-home care leader



 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

  





have questions?
we're here to help.

find a care center 
contact us 












join our team
faqs
employees
referrals
contact us




legal
privacy policy
non-discrimination notice
hipaa notice

medical records request











copyright 2025 amedisys. all right reserved.























amedisys uses cookies and related technologies to improve the way our site functions for you as a visitor. a cookie is a text file that is stored on your device. we use these text files for functionality such as to analyze our traffic or to personalize content. you can choose to accept or discontinue cookies for this site and you may also review our policies at any time by visiting our privacy policy page. remember, if you choose to disable or delete cookies and/or select "discontinue", you will not have access to the full functionality of our website.
accept
discontinue

















