




































    
    pest control lancaster pa | termite control | all county
  
  



 













              
 


 
    home



  services


   termite treatment



  bed bug extermination



  pest control



  termite pre-treatment





  about us


   testimonials





  faqs



  contact us



  blog






   

get a fast free quote








    
 





        your lancaster, pa termite & pest control professionals
  licensed to kill since 1958
   

receive a same day quote




    our services
 pest control in lancaster, pa that's safe and affordable too.



    

 bed bug extermination
 don't let bed bugs take over your home! at all county termite & pest control, we offer effective, safe, and affordable bed bug treatments to eliminate infestations quickly. our experienced team knows how to target these resilient pests and keep them from coming back.

  

learn more


  

 termite control & prevention
 termites can cause serious damage to your home before you even realize they’re there. our expert termite control in lancaster, pa can detect, eliminate, and prevent infestations using proven treatment methods. protect your biggest investment with our comprehensive termite solutions.
  

learn more


  

 pest control services
 from rodents and ants to roaches and spiders, we handle all types of household pests with safe, effective pest control in lancaster, pa. our knowledgeable team provides customized solutions to keep your home pest-free year-round. don’t let unwanted guests take over— see how we can help.
  

learn more




   
 about us
 all county termite & pest control in lancaster, pa has been in the business of protecting homeowners and businesses from unwanted and potentially harmful pests since 1958 (formerly raifsnider exterminating). we pride ourselves on offering the safest and most effective pest control in lancater, pa with safe treatment and extermination solutions at the best price. we never take risks when it comes to your health and safety, and we guarantee satisfaction for every job we undertake. 
   

more about us




   
 testimonials
 see what our customers are saying about pest control in lancaster, pa with all county!

    

  
"i've used all county termite & pest control exclusively for both personal use with rental properties as well as through my business as a realtor.  i have found their quality of work, competitive pricing, and quick response to be second to none!  i would highly recommend this company for any and all pest control needs!" 
  

-ron henry



 

  
"big company knowledge with small company pricing. can't go wrong with all county." 
  

-jeremy howard



 

  
"all county termite & pest control is a company you can trust to give you professional service at a reasonable price.  they are honest and settle for no less than complete satisfaction from their customers. i highly recommend them!"  
  

-eileen wheeler



 

  
"we have used all county services in the past and have always appreciated the kind, gracious and thorough service we received from jim and his team. their service is always swift and responsive and they knocked out our rodent problem. if you have pest control problems i highly recommend jim's services."  
  

-rip wahlberg



 
  slide title
"absolutely look no further for your unfortunate flea & or termite problems, with these pest control experts! long story short we were unfortunate enough to have both fleas on our pup & termites show up in a small part of our garage at the same time. we found jim! he is expert in his knowledge, very thorough & very trustworthy.  you will be able to sleep soundly after he works his expertise at your home!!" 
  

-patty defrank









    pest control tips
 learn more about pest control in lancaster, pa and how you can keep your home or business pest-free.
     

    farm and fly pest control


 by jim raifsnider
•
february 7, 2025

protecting your farm from fly infestations is crucial. all county termite & pest control in lancaster pa offers top-notch fly control services. they know exactly what your farm and home needs to stay safe.

working with all county termite & pest control means you get their specialized help. their team will check your farm, find the fly problem's source, and fix it. this keeps your animals and crops healthy and boosts your farm's success.




   

    thinking of buying ant killer to combat ants? think again!


 by jim raifsnider
•
december 3, 2024

discover effective solutions for ants in house problems with our expert guide. find out why you should avoid ant killer. learn natural remedies, prevention tips, and proven methods to keep these pesky insects away for good.




   

    you deserve a top rated termite treatment company to protect your investment


 by jim raifsnider
•
december 2, 2024

protecting your home or business from termites is crucial. termites can cause a lot of damage if not treated. that's why you need certified professionals for termite control and expert termite mitigation services.







  

view more








      
 bed bugs, termites or pests? we’re here to help!
 contact us today to learn more about lancaster, pa pest control services. our team is happy to answer your questions and provide an accurate quote for your home or business.   

request a quote




    quick links
     termite treatment



  bed bug extermination



  pest control



  termite pre-treatment






 
we're happy to provide a 5% discount for seniors and veterans.
  contact us
 phone/text: 
717-940-9029we're located in lancaster, pa     

 

 

 




read reviewsaccessibility


     © 2025 
all rights reserved | all county termite & pest control | site design by rkc





















































































































  
  share by:





  


