





matthew books – the story behind the books






























 


skip to content















  


search for:










homebookshopmatthew’s messagesstory behind the books










homesuzy2021-03-22t22:58:27+00:00

when matthew ward connected telepathically with his mother suzanne almost 14 years after he died at age 17 in 1980, he told her about their soul level agreement: she was to prepare for publication transmissions from him and many other off-planet sources. their information is to enlighten, encourage and guide us along earth’s ascension pathway during this unprecedented time in the universe.

matthew, tell me about heavena firsthand description of the afterlifethis comprehensive account of the diversity and activity in earth’s multidimensional spirit world can be life-changing.

revelations for a new erakeys to restoring paradise on earthprofound changes worldwide are restoring our planet to its original eden, where we will live in peace, love and harmony with nature.
illuminations for a new eraunderstanding these turbulent timesgod explains who he is and who we are. souls in nirvana and representatives of two distant civilizations describe their lives and how they are helping earth.
voices of the universeyour voice affects the universelet it be with loveevery person’s thoughts, feelings and actions form that individual’s life. our collective consciousness creates our world and what happens here affects life in the universe.
earth’s golden agelife beyond 2012this book describes some of the civilizations that are helping earth and us to ascend and forthcoming dynamic changes in our world.
amusing to profound — my conversations with animals i and iithis book shows that animals’ intelligence, emotions and love bonds with family far exceed what usually is attributed to them.
 



 


search for:


















the books




matthew, tell me about heaven
revelations for a new era
illuminations for a new era
voices of the universe
earth's golden age
amusing to profound -
	my conversations with animals i and ii

bookshop




print editions
ebooks

matthew’s messages
february 3, 2025january 3, 2025december 3, 2024november 1, 2024october 1, 2024

all messages
subscribe
story behind the books

the evening of april 17, 1980, suzanne (suzy) ward was packing for her next day’s business trip when she received the call from panama that changed her life: her 17-year old son matthew had been fatally injured in a vehicle crash.
	read more...media
matthew books youtube channel 
 
 

 
 
 

page load link






go to top




