





a spiritual journey
























search:










padgett's messages



how to physically experience gods love.


the gift of the divine love


a summary of these second coming teachings.


genesis revisited - hearing from adam and eve


what do these messages say about the bible?


the padgett tablet or index


the testimony of dr. leslie rippon stone. vol …


the padgett messages from the true gospel …


the padgett messages in date order.


unpublished messages of james padgett.








dr. samuel’s messages



53 revelations





76 sermons on the old testament given by jesus





miscellaneous messages from dr. samuels








messages from jesus of nazareth



the real jesus of nazareth - what do we know …


messages from jesus through james padgett


messages from jesus through dr. samuels


contemporary messages from jesus





contemporary messages



contemporary messages from spirit





religious spirit figures


ancient spirits deliver messages.


messages from scientific and historically …


american presidents speak about life after …


messages concerning shakespeare.





messages from judas



read the book of judas of kerioth


all the messages from judas, known as judas …


the lost years of jesus


the public ministry of jesus


spirit spheres - life after death


general spirituality


portraits of the apostles.


comments on the challenges of mediumship





life after death



death and passing over - where does the soul …


what happens to most folks souls after death?


babies and children in the spirit world


pets in the spirit world


the spirit heavens and the christian kingdom …


the hells, judgement & forgiveness, and the …


the sleep state


reincarnation - true or false?





topical subjects



the soul transformation process - achieving …


the incarnation of the soul


the brain mind, the spirit mind and the soul …


spheres, dimensions and ascension


divine love and sin


so when are you reborn of spirit?


who or what is god?


the second coming of jesus


earth changes


assisted dying, abortion, gender equality, …


the parables of jesus





spiritual subjects



spiritual laws


circles of light


an enlightenment experience


healing and miracles


angels.


soul mates


space people


what is bliss?


an open letter to urantia book readers.





new birth christians



what do new birth christians believe?


departed friends share


various prayers


is it necessary to go to church?


precepts for living


the canadian outreach based on the padgett …


the churches based on the padgett messages





mediumship



mediumship - the good and the bad.


divine love spiritual mediums


what does the bible say about mediumship?


the laws of rapport and communication.


on mediumship, and james padgett.


james edward padgett


dr daniel g samuels


publicly available information on james …


other mediums we have great regard for





spiritual books





other stuff



frequently asked questions





how to search





my spiritual journey.





links to sympathetic sites


other languages


our spiritual outreaches


our privacy policy


the copyrights on this website





contact us








a spiritual journey
this site is dedicated to those of us who search for meanings - the meaning of life, the meaning of death, the meaning of god, and how to reconcile all this to what we may have learned over the years from the established religions and spiritual paths. all are welcome.
over the period that this site has existed, its purpose has changed. at first it was simply to share the joy of my own spiritual journey. later it was to share the joy of the truths i discovered. now it has changed again. now i would like to share with you the joy of the divine love of god. indeed i offer you a challenge. are you willing to prove that divine love exists as a palpable physical energy that will create bliss? take up the great experiment and prove to yourself, as thousands have done, that father loves you. and change your life forever!
to those others on a spiritual journey, go where you will. “seek and you will find” is as true today, as it was 2000 years ago. there would be very few spiritually oriented questions that this site does not answer, as it has over 3,000 pages. for example, these common questions are fully answered:
1. what happens to us after death? are we alive or asleep, how do we live, and communicate and move? what do we do most of the time?
2. is it possible to know - as in really know - that god exists?
3. so many religions seem to have a common thread. is this common thread - love - really the most important thing?
4. if all religions are much the same, was there any point to jesus coming here? does christianity have any unique spiritual advantage as is suggested by its adherents?
5. clearly not everyone lives by the golden rule. does this make any difference to how they experience life after death?
6. is there an eternal hell as promoted by orthodox christianity?
7. is there a great day of resurrection?
8. is reincarnation true, because if it is, so much that the orthodox christian churches teach cannot be true?
9. why is there so much evil in this world?
10. is the world as we know it about to end?
if you know the answers to all these questions, and those answers ring true deep within your being, you will find that you can go about your life in total peace, and without any fear. as i do.
of recent years i have been answering many questions on the quora site. these are almost exclusively such spiritual or religious questions as trigger my interest. you can find my profile on quora here and my answers which currently total over 5,700 are listed there. i have now stopped participating on quora.
finally believe nothing that is written here, unless it resonates deep in your heart. the heart/soul has an ability to discern truth and untruth despite the topic having no relationship to anything else you might know or have heard of. the material mind sadly does not have this ability. but if you have an oposing opinion in the mind you may then experience a clash within ypu. the challenge then is to recognise which is which. because the material mind is literally untrustworthy. it alone is the reason there are so many conflicting opinions regarding truth on this planet.
a major translation project has been underway to create equivalent sites to this one in french, german and spanish. if any of these are your home language, you may prefer to visit them:
german site (completed)
french site (still translating)
spanish site (still translating)
it is now possible to discover what has recently changed on this site: what’s new?







    © new birth, 2025
  




