










	commission for the blind : welcome page : state of oregon






































































please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility











































skip to main content









an official website of the state of oregon
                         learn
how you know »
(how to identify a oregon.gov website)

an official website of the state of oregon »
                    







translate this site into other languages

















toggle main menu







		main navigation
	
homeabout usindividual programsbusiness enterprise programprovider referralformsresourcesdonationscontact us
















search this site



submit



close












                                        <div class='or-header-logo'><span class='sr-only'>agency logo</span></div>
                                    





                                        commission for the blind
                                    

                                        we empower oregonians who are blind to fully engage in life
                                    




you are here:

commission for the blind


















                                
	

                                welcome page
                            

 site navigation




































					getting started
				

living with vision lossprepare for the workforcetransition from school to workrequest individual services refer a patient




 








					our programs
				

vocational rehabilitationindependent livingyouth transitionsummer work experience programbusiness enterprise program




 








					partner with us
				

business servicesbecome a partnerrequest business servicesdiversity | disability trainingsuccess stories




 








					resources
				

faqresource guidevendor contract applicationsnewspublic records requests




 









about ocboregon's commission for the blind (ocb) provides services to oregonians who experience vision loss and need specialized training and support to live full and productive lives. the agency receives policy direction and oversight from a seven-member commission representing consumer organizations, education, ophthalmology/optometry, business, and individual citizens. learn more at our 
   agency information page.







 the voice
the voice features the latest commission for the blind news and information. subscribe now and keep up to date on the oregonians who experience vision loss we are privileged to serve.
subscribe


support our workfor oregonians who are blind and visually impaired, our services are nothing short of life-changing. they help people be more independent, continue their education, and be a fully connected part of their communities. learn more about 
   how to contribute to the oregon commission for the blind's important work of building a state of inclusion for oregonians with vision loss.
donate now

























	footer



			address
		
portland headquarters
535 se 12th avenue
portland, or 97214

 directions


			links
		

linkedin
youtube

public records request
careers


			contact
		
telephone 971-673-1588
toll-free telephone 1-888-202-5463 (toll free)
fax fax 503-234-7468
general inquiries email general inquiries email


			about oregon
		




 back to top





















×

how to recognize an official oregon website




.gov

official websites use .gov
a .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the united states.





secure .gov websites use https
a lock icon ( ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website.



only share sensitive information on official, secure websites.
close







hidden submit
















your browser is out-of-date! it has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites. learn how
×








