





























online banking: personal & business | virgin money uk























































skip to main content



 virgin money homepage  


sign in








menu










our products



current accounts


current accounts




current accounts home


continue your application for a current account




our accounts


everyday bank account


packaged bank account


basic bank account


child bank account


joint bank accounts




existing customers


helpful information and guides


sign up for cashback with your current account


save money with youtility


register for digital banking  with your current account


current account  questions and answers










set up your m plus saver
if your m plus account isn't linked to a savings account, it's easy to set one up.







upload your documents for your current account application
need to give us proof of id, address or income?  it only takes a few minutes.







worried about money?
we're here to help through these tough times







savings


savings




savings home


find a savings account


continue an application for a savings account


upload your documents for a savings account




isas


access accounts


fixed term accounts


existing savings customers


transfer your isa


savings questions and answers








savings calculator
see if you can get a better rate on your savings







worried about money?
we're here to help through these tough times







loans


loans




loans home


continue an application for a personal loan


upload proof of id or income for a personal loan




existing personal loan customers


home improvement loans


car loans


debt consolidation loans


loans questions and answers


manage your personal loan








sizing up your credit score
everything you need to know about your credit score







continue an application for a personal loan
if you've started a virgin money personal loan application, then continue it here







worried about money?
we're here to help through these tough times







investments


investments




investments home


existing investments customers




stocks and shares isa


transfer to our stocks and shares isa


investment account


transfer to our investment account


responsible investing


learn about investing


investments questions and answers








learn about investing
get tips and guides to grow your money with confidence







stocks and shares isa
a tax-efficient way to invest up to £20,000 a year







insurance


insurance




insurance home




life insurance


travel insurance


home insurance


landlord insurance








home insurance
get a 5-star quote in less than 60 seconds







life insurance
to protect what matters most in life







travel insurance
jetting off? don't forget to pack your travel insurance. get a quote today.







cards


cards




cards home


check your eligibility for a virgin money credit card


existing credit card customers


credit cards questions and answers


credit cards currency conversion calculator




balance transfer credit cards


money transfer credit cards


all round credit cards


virgin atlantic credit cards


everyday cashback credit card


virgin money slyce


manchester united credit cards








our credit card app
manage your card. master your spending.







virgin money credit card cashback
it’s the new way to pick up cashback.







24/7 in-app support
get help with your credit card from redi, our digital host.







mortgages


mortgages




mortgages home


find a mortgage


check your eligibility for a virgin money mortgage


mortgage questions and answers




new mortgage customers


first time buyers


remortgage to us


buy-to-let


moving home




existing mortgage customers


manage your mortgage


switch to a new deal


borrow more


move home with your mortgage










help and support
worried about your mortgage payments? find out about support available to you.







green reward
bag £250 cashback with our green reward home improvement offer







retrofit boost mortgage
up to £10,000 cashback for eligible energy efficient home improvements







pensions


pensions




pensions home


existing pension customers




navigator pension


self-drive pension


combine your pensions


retirement planner


learn about pensions


questions and answers








navigator pension
steers your pension automatically based on your age.







self-drive pension
you steer your own pension to retirement.







private banking


private banking




existing customers 


benefits and services 




private banking questions and answers








our app makes money easy
packed full of clever tools to help you track, budget, save and pay.












for business




home

current accounts


current accounts




business current accounts home


continue an application for a business current account


existing business current account customers


business current account questions and answers




compare current accounts


m account for business


business current account


business choice account


professional firms client account


charities, clubs & societies accounts


charities choice account


clubs & societies account


making payments


marketplace








discover business internet banking
see money in a whole new light with smart digital tools at your finger tips.







our app is just the business
it’s packed full of clever tools to help you budget, save time and manage your money on the go.







worried about money?
we’re here to help through tough times







savings


savings




business savings accounts home


business savings questions and answers


existing business savings account customers




compare savings accounts


instant access accounts


notice accounts


fixed term deposit accounts


charity accounts








discover business internet banking
see money in a whole new light with smart digital tools at your finger tips.







our app is just the business
it’s packed full of clever tools to help you budget, save time and manage your money on the go.







worried about money?
we’re here to help through tough times







card payments


card payments




accepting card payments


business debit cards








finance


finance




business finance home


business lending appeals


existing customers


business finance questions and answers




business loans


government loan schemes


asset finance


business overdrafts








mobiliser fund
helping you make the move to the next uk economy







specialist business


specialist business




strategic finance


venture debt


acquisition finance


corporate banking


commercial banking




national sectors


hotels


real estate


social housing


health and social care


agriculture


energy and environment










agri e fund
helping farmers create a greener future







international and risk management


international and risk management




international services home


international trade


foreign exchange solutions


foreign exchange risk management


existing customer




risk management home


foreign exchange


interest rate










m-exchange
the simple way to exchange foreign currencies








fraud awareness




 
brighter money


brighter money




brighter money home




all stories


mastering money


saving your money


investing your money


tips for travel


your dream home


brighter business


money worries








eight common money myths – busted
mastering money







virgin money customers are tackling the cost of living crisis – here's how you can too
money worries







worried about money?
we're here to help through these tough times











help


search






sign in

sign in


sign in


coming to us from clydesdale or yorkshire bank?


current accounts sign in


credit cards sign in


prepaid cards sign in


savings sign in


personal loans sign in


business banking sign in


investments sign in


mortgages sign in


personal pensions sign in


insurance sign in












virgin money is now part of nationwide

find out more




is £25 music to your child’s ears?bag £25 with our child bank account offer. it’s for new customers aged11 to 15.terms apply.discover m power account

















looking for a balance transfer credit card?check your eligibility without affecting your credit score.check balance transfer credit card eligibilitycredit subject to status.





no-nonsense products we're proud ofwhen it comes to banking, you want an honest deal with no surprises. so we'll always tell you the things you really need to know up front.

 
current accounts
our current account is where the smart money goes. 


                view current accounts
            


 
credit cards
know if you'll be approved for a credit card before you apply. 


                view credit cards
            


 
business accounts
working hard to help you grow your business. 


                view business accounts
            


 
savings
see our range of savings accounts and cash isas. 


                view savings accounts
            


 
mortgages
we're experts at making mortgages easy. 


                view mortgages
            


 
personal loans
find out if you're eligible without making a full application. 


                view personal loans
            


 
insurance
cover for you and all the things you love. 


                view insurance options
            


 
investments
designed to let everyone benefit from the stock market. 


                view investments
            


 
pensions
simple to set up, easy to keep track of and super flexible. 


                view pensions
            








getting supportwe're here to helplet us know how we can support yousupport with money worries














mortgage charter support for our customersworrying about your mortgage payments lately? we can now do even more to help.see what support is available







save with confidenceas we are covered by the financial services compensation scheme, savings with virgin money are covered up to £85,000 per person.view the fscs guarantee












live a life more virgin






have you joined virgin red yet?


discover our red hot rewards


virgin money stores and lounges


award-winning products


service that's about smiles not sales










discover our red hot rewards











have you joined virgin red yet?join the rewards club that revolves around you.virgin red terms apply link opens in a new window. uk only. 18+.discover virgin red












have you joined virgin red yet?







virgin money stores and lounges













 virgin money rewardsbrighten up your world with exclusive offers in our app.discover rewards












discover our red hot rewards







award-winning products













virgin money storesa new generation of creative and community-focussed spaces on the high street, designed to broaden people’s horizons and brighten their lives.open plan layouts, shoulder-to-shoulder service and relaxed discussion spaces are just a few of the ways that people can manage their money in a modern way. virgin money stores give everybody a space to learn, work and play.discover our stores












virgin money stores and lounges







service that's about smiles not sales











bank with the bestwe don't like to brag but it's good for you to know that other people have given us a thumbs up too. you don't just have to take our word for it. here are a few awards we've won.best reward current account provider (your money 2023)best current account provider (moneyfacts awards 2022)best cash isa provider (your money 2023)best investment isa - small portfolio (your money 2022)best mortgage provider (your money 2022)best buy-to-let mortgage provider (moneyfacts awards 2019 - 2022)best buy-to-let lender (mortgage finance gazette 2021)












award-winning products












service that's about smiles not salesoffering everything from current and savings accounts to mortgages, yes, virgin money is a bank. but don't worry, we never act like one. we're virgin first, so our love of service always shines through.you'll experience it every time you chat with our customer service advisers. or if you prefer, manage your money from your favourite armchair or cafe, thanks to our app and online banking.








our partner programmes






virgin startup
support and mentoring for the next generation of young entrepreneurs.







make £5 grow
a fun, free programme that engages pupils in core areas of the national curriculum.







virgin money foundation
helping local people and organisations with the vision and drive to transform lives and re-energise communities.







our official charity partners
provide advice and support to empower anyone experiencing a mental health problem in england, scotland and wales.








get in touch


contact us


help and support


store finder


feedback


make a complaint
 



 virgin money instagram   




 virgin money instagram   




 virgin money x   




 virgin money facebook   




 virgin money youtube   




 virgin money linkedin   




about us


careers link opens in a new window


corporate link opens in a new window


intermediaries


investor relations link opens in a new window


newsroom link opens in a new window
 

information


accessibility


terms of use


privacy policy


cookies


modern slavery act link opens in a new window


sitemap
 

more from the virgin group


virgin money - australia  link opens in a new window


virgin.com link opens in a new window
 























