



custom awards: personalize trophies & plaques | awards.com

























skip to main content









40 years of success 100% guarantee 











free shipping*
free engraving
free setup
lowest price

menu
0 items
my account











currency



1-800-4-awards1-800-429-2737




live chat












awards & trophies
plaque awards
custom awards
corporate gifts









[x] close menu









crystal:

crystal awards
color accented crystal
metal & crystal
3d crystal awards
crystal cubes
crystal eagle awards
crystal globe awards
crystal paperweights
crystal pillar awards
crystal star awards
crystal truck awards



glass:

glass awards
art glass awards
color accented glass
jade glass
metal & glass
vase & bowl awards


acrylic:

acrylic awards
color accented acrylic
star acrylic awards
diamond acrylic acrylic



specialty:

custom awards
full color awards
3d engraving
eco-friendly awards
metal awards
marble & stone


wall plaques:

plaque awards
perpetual plaques
photo plaques



shop by occasion:

sales awards
realtor awards
retirement awards
teacher awards
years of service


corporate gifts:

barware
bowls
clocks
paperweights
picture frames



shop by shape:

apple
circle
diamond
eagle
flame
gemstone


golf
globe
obelisks
pyramid
rectangle
star


shop by price:

under $50
$50 − $100
$100 − $150


$150 − $200
$200 − $300
$300 or more












 







corporate awards
whether honoring an individual achievement, top performers, or the whole team, awards.com
has the perfect recognition items to fit your needs. order awards online or by phone
with ease.
recognition awards







custom awards
special & perfectly priced. our custom awards department turns your concept &
brand into a one of a kind custom award. our designers & award specialist are eager to
get started on your project.
custom awards







the art of awards
an artistic take on traditional awards. each piece of art glass is expertly hand blown
and set atop a custom etched base for your personalization. each as unique as the award
recipient.
art glass awards







award plaques
earning a spot on a perpetual wall plaque or receiving an individual plaque award to display,
award plaques are a time honored tradition of honoring achievements.
plaque awards







corporate gifts
custom etched with your logo with your brand, our collection of corporate
gifts will be used and treasured by clients and employees alike.
corporate gifts








your recently viewed awards




recently favorited:












custom awards, trophies, and plaques
shop and save without sacrificing quality at awards.com. our selection of plaques, personalized trophies, and custom awards is perfect for everything from small office celebrations to large-scale corporate events. motivate entire teams or simply say thanks with awards and trophies from awards.com, a leading custom trophy maker.



no setup fees
we don't nickel and dime or surprise you with hidden fees while ordering.



free personalization
no one wants a blank award. engrave awards and trophies for no extra cost.



lowest price guarantee
shop for personalized awards with confidence knowing you will always find the lowest prices here. learn more



service & quality
expect 100% satisfaction and a hassle-free experience with award makers at awards.com. call 800-429-2737.


get your awards and trophies customized with engraved information and any artwork/logo. we'll
make sure the designs fit your needs before you pay anything. plus, free shipping on purchases
over $500 within the continental united states. order custom awards, plaques,
and trophies to celebrate and recognize your employees today.





recognition awards and trophies
elegant, professional awards and trophies customized to your brand and design.










full-color awards
eye-catching awards and trophies that employees will love displaying on their desks.










custom crystal awards
high-quality custom awards and engraving options are available in clear optical crystal or glass.










acrylic awards
shatter-resistant and timeless, these awards are perfect for banquets and corporate events. consider custom acrylic awards for a unique and branded award ceremony.










plaque awards
choose an engraved plaque award for employee of the month and other distinctions.













custom awards and trophies: etching and imprinting

awards.com is proud to offer these unique award decorating options as cost-effective ways to customize awards and enhance your brand. ideal solutions for tight timelines wanting custom awards and large organizations or awards ceremonies looking to keep a tight budget. get started and speak to one of our awards experts today: 1-800-4-awards (1-800-429-2737)




etch & colorfill perfect for solid pops of color.



full-color printing perfect for pictures & graphics.



3d engraving objects & text float inside the award.



logo design & art transform any award with graphic
elements.



compared to generic awards, custom awards and plaques feel more personal, intentional, and special. when you invest the time and money into creating custom engraved awards, your employees will notice that extra attention to detail. custom plaques and awards will be proudly displayed for years to come.






ordering personalized awards, trophies, and plaquesfrom awards.com

looking for unique custom-made awards to recognize and celebrate your employees? if you can dream it, we can create it at awards.com. our expert design team specializes in creating unique, custom award trophies for businesses that will fit any budget. whether you want award trophies in particular designs to reflect your organization or the theme of the award, or you're interested in custom-made trophies that fit the personalities of the recipients, we can work with you to create something truly one-of-a-kind.
awards.com, the awards & recognition e-commerce leader, makes buying recognition awards and trophies easy and convenient with the largest selection, highest quality, and consistent, reliable execution of awards. whether you want corporate awards, medals for a special event, or a personalized trophy for someone in your company, submit your order and join the countless customers who received the perfect awards trophy for their special occasion. let us create memorable custom awards and engraving to celebrate any achievement.



1. tell us your vision
you'll work directly withan awards solutions expertat awards.com.



2. approve your rendering
your design artist will create free mockups, so you can see the custom awards
before production.



3. receive your awards
we send you your stunningcustom awards trophies.





why choose custom-made trophies?

custom awards are ideal for a wide variety of events where you want to create trophies that will be treasured forever. because everything from the shape and color of the award to the size and message can be customized, your brand is able to show off your creativity and the value you place in the work of recipients with unique designs. from company-wide celebrations to employee of the month awards, to retirement recognition, custom awards:

remind the recipient your organization appreciates them, which increases loyalty;
signal to everyone who sees the award that your organization cares about its employees;
can serve as referrals for your business when they're displayed in offices or homes.

designing beautiful awards trophies with awards.com is a great investment for your organization. we're passionate about helping each organization we work with bring their exceptional vision to life, with high-quality awards that last a lifetime.
in addition to creating customized awards with our design team, your organization may also be interested in our current awards and recognition that can be personally engraved and customized with logos. with awards.com, you will always have the final approval of your trophies and medals, ensuring that you get exactly what you want.plaque award
in need of a personalized plaque award for your employee recognition program? we have you covered. searching for unique recognition award ideas for all sorts of occasions? browse through hundreds of options from acrylic awards to glass awards or design something completely original. the sky's the limit when it comes to designing custom awards on awards.com.
whether you are looking for a single unique award or a large quantity fitting your budget, we
have the largest awards selection with the best pricing and no hidden fees.
get started


how to create a custom award?

do you have an idea for a customized award? collaborate with our awards design team and share your ideas and goals so we can create custom-made trophies that amaze. your custom awards project is based on your vision, budget, quantity, and timeline. you'll share inspiration and images, such as sketches, artwork, brand elements, personalization needs, and messaging. feel free to share as many details and ideas as you have, and our team will get to work on a unique custom award design.
we want you to be completely satisfied with your custom awards trophies, which is why we offer a free presentation of the custom award options that fit your requirements. we provide this free of charge, so you can see the award shape, size, and color and make adjustments before production. once your custom award requirements are finalized, we generate your unique price quote.
if your timeline and budget allow, we will be able to create a physical pre-production sample. otherwise, we will always send you a detailed proof and description of the final product for your approval before production. when all the fine details of your custom awards are approved, we start manufacturing. your custom awards will be delivered on time, on budget, and without error.
if you'd like to get more information on custom design options that are available based on your needs, budget, and timeline, please fill out the
form on the right, and we'll be in touch. want to chat? give us a call at 1-800-4-awards to speak
with one of our friendly representatives.
contact us




custom awards faqs



1. can i customize the design of the award?

yes, our custom awards can be tailored to your specific design preferences. we offer a range of customization options including shape, material, engraving, and more. if you want to learn more about our custom trophies, custom medals, or award plaque options, we’re leading providers in the awards industry, using only high-quality materials. craft your perfect award today!



2. what materials are available for custom awards?

we offer custom awards in various materials such as crystal, glass, acrylic, metal, and wood. each material provides a unique look and feel for your award. our design team will guide you on the best materials for your design, budget, and timeline. you can also request options beyond our stock trophies, with a variety of glass, metal, and crystal awards that can be tailored to your needs.



3. how long does it take to create a custom award?

the production time for custom awards depends on the complexity of the design and material. typically, after you sign off the finalized design, production takes 2 to 3 weeks with 3- to 5-day shipping. if you are not in a rush, extended manufacturing times can help extend your budget.



4. can i include my company logo on the custom award?

yes, we can incorporate your company logo into the design of the custom award through techniques like engraving, etching, or printing. oftentimes, we use your logo and brand elements as the starting point for a custom design.



5. is there a minimum order quantity for custom awards?

the minimum order quantity for custom awards may vary depending on the specific materials and customization requirements, but we can always find a customized solution for your quantity and budget. please contact us for more information.





6. what is the difference between custom and standard awards?

custom awards are uniquely designed to meet your specific requirements, whereas standard awards (also known as stock awards) are pre-designed shapes waiting to be engraved with personalization and logos. custom awards are manufactured from raw materials, while standard awards are precut and assembled. there are limited customization options and decorated techniques that can be used on stock awards.



7. can i order custom awards for different occasions?

absolutely! our custom awards can be tailored for various occasions including corporate events, employee recognition programs, academic achievements, and more.



8. do you offer rush services for custom awards?

yes, we understand that sometimes you may need custom awards urgently. we offer rush services to expedite the production and delivery process. additional fees may apply.



9. can i see a proof of the custom award design before production?

certainly! we provide digital proofs of the custom award design for your approval before proceeding with production. this ensures that the final product meets your expectations.



10. how do i place an order for custom awards?

to place an order for custom awards, simply contact our sales team either through our website, email, or phone. our dedicated representatives will assist you throughout the ordering process.






custom awards and plaques for employee recognition
find everything you need to properly recognize and reward your top employees at awards.com.
they'll know you appreciate their hard work when they receive an award, trophy, plaque, or
gift. employee recognition awards can boost employee performance and build excitement across your
organization.
choose from a wide selection of unique recognition awards and plaques in acrylic, crystal,
marble, and stone with endless customization options available. awards.com works quickly to fill
every order, completing the design process in one to three days.
you can call one of our friendly award specialists toll-free at 800-4-awards (800-429-2737) if you have any questions about your order.









awards.com has been providing custom awards to organizations like yours since 1997











stay in-touch:





contact us today:

1-800-4-awards1-800-429-2737
business hour 9am - 5pm et

contactus@awards.com


powered by paypal.


customer service:

contact us
100% satisfaction guarantee
art & logo requirements
ordering & shipping
returns & exchanges
track my order



account:

sign in
create an account
track my order
manage subscriptions
manage cookies



resources:

award articles
customizing awards
starting employee awards
launching employee awards
employee award ideas
choosing employee awards
virtual awards ceremonies
sales award ideas
service awards for employees
site map






terms & conditions: free ups ground shipping on minimum merchandise purchase of $500 to one contiguous us and canada (excluding yukon, northwest territories, and nunavut) shipping address. limited to us & canadian orders. other exclusions may apply. desired shipping promotion must be selected at time of checkout. promotions and discounts must be requested via phone, email, or fax if placing an order through these channels. minimum merchandise purchase may apply. offer does not apply to previous purchases, taxes, or other shipping methods. subject to adjustment due to returns, cancellations and exchanges. valid only at awards.com

© copyright 2025, successories inc. dba awards.com | all rights
reserved | privacy policy | terms of use | accessibility statement | xml site map












  



our site uses cookies to provide you with a great user experience. by
using awards.com, you accept our privacy & cookie policy.
accept all cookies

manage
cookies



[ close ]
required:


 functional
these cookies are required for basic site functionality and are therefore always enabled. these include
cookies that allow your visit to be remembered as you explore the site within a single session or from
session to session. they help make the shopping cart and checkout process possible as well as assist in
security issues and conforming to regulations. example: remembering your settings and preferences for
cookies.





optional:


 email
analytics to track visits entering and leaving our site from email communications to determine
effectiveness of the communications and to ensure we do not send unnecessary and irrelevant
communications.



 marketing
analytics to better generate, target, and deliver relevant marketing communications via digital ads and
content. online advertising that comes in several forms, including banner ads, rich media, and more.
these cookies may be set by third party websites.



 statistics
analytics solutions are used to identify visitor interaction with this website for the purpose of
improving the site experience or fixing potential issues with the site. these cookies may be set by
third party websites.





update
cookies & close
accept all cookies










chat with us



