ï»¿



beachfront resort in st. thomas | secret harbour beach resort st. thomas


























































skip to content






toggle navigation



menu






















resort

resort amenities
awards
flights to st thomas
book with confidence
location & directions
transportation & getting around
history of st thomas
travel agents
faq


accommodations

beachfront one-bedroom condominium suite
beachfront two-bedroom condominium suite
beachfront three-bedroom condominium suite
beachfront studio condominium suite
oceanfront hotel room
hillside one-bedroom condominium
hillside two-bedroom condominium
hillside studio condominium
room tours
360 tours


resort activities

beach
pool
watersports rentals
scuba diving
boating charters
tennis
fitness center


dining

sunset grille
the patio
beach bar
food to go
grocery delivery


offsite activities

st thomas attractions
st john usvi
british virgin islands


weddings

wedding packages
how to get married in the virgin islands
wedding dining options
wedding photo gallery
events & occasions 


gallery
specials














book direct and save 10% with no minimum stay requirements! book now
click to close






reservations 
see offers
see offers






×














reservations




arrival date )








departure date 








adults






children






discount code





access code





group #





iata code




check dates























welcome to secret harbour
book now















<





















the best beachfront resort in st. thomas
relax and renew at secret harbour beach resort. crystal clear water, pristine swimming beach, and sparkling clean condominiums await. secret harbour resort is the best st. thomas destination for couples and families to relax and play on the beach. located on the quiet east end of st. thomas, our boutique resort in the us virgin islands features spacious beachfront and hillside apartment-style accommodations with private outdoor space and world-class amenities including a restaurant, bar, swimming pool, watersports rentals, boating excursions, scuba diving, tennis, fitness center, wi-fi and more. our resort is also the perfect base for remote working, incentive travel, and for adventure enthusiasts seeking easy access to nature attractions, historical sites, and off-the-grid experiences. rated #1 of 25 hotels in st thomas by tripadvisor in 2024 and rated in the top 10% of hotels worldwide winning tripadvisor's travelers' choice award for fourteen consecutive years.

                    view offers and promotions
               























link to larger item photo  listitemcarouselimage1












link to larger item photo  listitemcarouselimage2












link to larger item photo  listitemcarouselimage3












link to larger item photo  listitemcarouselimage4












link to larger item photo  listitemcarouselimage5












link to larger item photo  listitemcarouselimage6












link to larger item photo  listitemcarouselimage7












link to larger item photo  listitemcarouselimage8












link to larger item photo  listitemcarouselimage9












link to larger item photo  listitemcarouselimage10












link to larger item photo  listitemcarouselimage11





accommodations
stay steps from the beach. our spacious studio, one, two, and three-bedroom condo-suites feature fully equipped kitchens, private patio or balcony, individually decorated interiors and all the comforts of a private vacation home. choose the recently renovated beachfront units that are central to all amenities and literally steps from the beach, or the more remote hillside units that are above the resort surrounding the pool.
get details


















link to larger item photo  listitemcarouselimage1












link to larger item photo  listitemcarouselimage2












link to larger item photo  listitemcarouselimage3












link to larger item photo  listitemcarouselimage4












link to larger item photo  listitemcarouselimage5












link to larger item photo  listitemcarouselimage6





amenities
enjoy full amenities and privacy while you experience paradise your way. secret harbour’s exceptional resort amenities include cool ac and fans inside, complimentary beach chairs, umbrellas and towels outside, plus award-winning dining in our beachside restaurant, daily housekeeping, free wi-fi, gift shop, free parking, concierge services, grocery delivery option and so much more.
learn more


















link to larger item photo  listitemcarouselimage1












link to larger item photo  listitemcarouselimage2












link to larger item photo  listitemcarouselimage3












link to larger item photo  listitemcarouselimage4












link to larger item photo  listitemcarouselimage5












link to larger item photo  listitemcarouselimage6





offers
escape to paradise with year-round temperatures between 70 and 85 degrees! yes – our weather is perfect in every season. moderate temperatures, trade wind breezes and clear beautiful water await you on our quiet st thomas beach, and no passport is required for us citizens!
view offers









secret harbour amenities


• swimming beach

• chairs & umbrellas

• restaurants

• snorkeling

• paddle boards

• kayaks & floats

• scuba diving


• boating

• fishing

• fitness center

• tennis

• gift shop

• wi-fi (free)

• parking (free)












 experience the beauty of secret harbour 










beachfront dining
see all experiences











resort activities
see all experiences











scuba diving
see all experiences











weddings & events
see all experiences






























guest reviews


















our location


contact us

 opens in new window






email us


facebook.com/secretharbourvi/
instagram.com/secretharbourresort/





st thomas, us virgin islands
it's easy to plan a hassle-free getaway to st thomas usvi. we are home to an international airport with lots of direct flights and a bustling cruise ship port. secret harbour is situated away from the downtown crowds, and just one mile from the town of red hook where you can enjoy restaurants, shopping, and ferry boat excursions to st john usvi and the neighboring british virgin islands. no passport is required for us citizens to visit  the us virgin islands.

book with confidence





















location & directions


contact


covid-19 updates







secret harbour beach resort facebook



secret harbour beach resort  instagram



secret harbour beach resort twitter



secret harbour beach resort youtube channel



read reviews of secret harbour beach resort on tripadvisor











sign-up for special offers



secret harbour beach resort

6280 estate nazareth
st thomas,
00802
us virgin islands


 tel: 
+1 340 775 6550 


 toll free: 
800 524 2250  

































© copyright 2025 secret harbour beach resort.





privacy policy


sitemap



 
hotel website designbyvizergy







scroll to top






opens in a new window





































