


 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close




home page













home page
the globe saloon
meet laura
a muse
favorite links page
whats new page
custom2 page



   








laura e. reagan and archebooks publishing present:  if you only knew  historical romance






when cole pierce rides into sweetwater to fetch his friend's  mail-order bride, he has no idea just how hot the new mexico town is going to get           
 determined to unite with her civil war deserter father and protect his new identity, young grace leeanna byron answers his advertisement and heads west as a mail-order-bride. so close to the father she has seen only in vivid dreams, grace isn't about to let a little stagecoach robbery stop her. but, before this day is through, she finds herself in the protective embrace of a handsome stranger and staring at the reflection of a face she doesn't recognize, her own.

cole has been a bad boy
he's fallen head over heels in love with a mysterious young woman he's protecting from a vengeful robber/madman. now, he must face the truth; this woman he's fallen hard for is the mail-order-bride he was sent to fetch for his older, reclusive friend. desperate to hold onto her, cole finds himself in a duplicitous race against time. he's determined to win her heart before her memory returns. god help him if she ever finds out.

find out why they call it wild, wild west! 
 


reviews are pouring in five angels, four cups and five stars at a time!!
 if only you knew is a very heart warming western romance.  it is full of love, sensuality and obstacles for the hero and heroine to overcome. it will make you laugh, scream and cry.  laura reagan writes this story with a lot of heart.  she makes you believe that the time period, setting and characters are very real.  when you read this book, it will make you believe that you can overcome anything for love!  i truly enjoyed this book and would recommend it to everyone.rating: 4 cups
billie joreviewer for coffee time romancereviewer for karen find out about new books
margaret m. gilbert /civil war reenactor /4th. u. s. medical, january 26, 2005



reviewer:
margaret m. gilbert "civil war medical reenactor" (minneapolis, mn. usa) - see all my reviews   laura, it is now 4:25 a.m. and i just finished reading your book. that is one hell of a way to end a book, but i love it. i find grace's feelings echo my feelings about someone. it made me think of the way i feel about ed. i will fight any one for him. i definitly look forward to more books from this author.
rocket, a booklover!, january 18, 2005, 
hot and funny
cole pierce is caught between love and honor when he comes to town to fetch his friend's mail-order bride. but there's a stage hold-up and he doesn't know which woman to fetch--one is unconcious and the other doesn't know who she is. he decides the bride is the older woman -- because he's falling for the young, pretty one. it's not easy keeping his hands off as he has to stay with her and protect her from lunatic who has sworn he'll kill her. but girls above the saloon help take care of 'grace' as she recovers, including thwarting cole's romantic plans. however, as grace remembers who she is, she remembers why she can't marry cole, or even tell him the truth about the man she's come to meet as she pretended to be the man's mail-order bride. these characters are great. a very satisfying read!
a reviewer, january 17, 2005, 
so hot!!!!!
i love a good romance novel and this one takes the prize. i fell in love with cole. it will keep you on the edge and longing for more. great book!!!!
 

"a fast and furious ride! this author has remembered what others have forgotten, 
romance is supposed to be fun! viva la romance! viva la reagan!"-d. flynn    


click here to download if you only knew as e-book!

if you only knew available at archebooks.com  amazon.com and barnesandnoble.com
the posse is getting bigger! 
welcome deputy morgan bowes and catluckey! 
i will be at blaine community library saturday october 1, 2005 10am-2pm.
for all the neville fans!!!! 
if you only dare,
sequel to 
if you only knew
will be released may 2006 by
archebooks publishers
 
for all you neville fans!
see what's new page
for all the dirt!!
 











the globe saloon









