









o'grady quinlan academy of irish dance | irish dance performers






































home
about

o’grady quinlan teachers
studio locations and directions


classes

new beginners
recreational irish dance classes non-competitive
competitive irish dance program


what is a feis?
shows & performances

book us
recital


students

anti-bullying policy
dance outs and parades 101
facebook page


contact us

studio locations and directions


feis
 

















select page


  
 
 











o'grady quinlan academy of irish dance
spreading irish culture through performance

class informationbook us









o'grady quinlan academy of irish dance
 
class informationbook us










success. discipline. performance. community.

community involvement for every level










irish dance classes
o’grady quinlan offers recreational and competitive irish dance classes. we provide many opportunities for performance and community involvement to aid in teaching your dancer life values and showing the importance of sharing their talent and time with others.




learn more






upcoming events
o’grady quinlan participates in several key events throughout the year – parades, competitions, public performances.




view upcoming events






celtic dance performance
the students of the o’grady quinlan academy of irish dance have entertained at weddings, parties, business meetings and festivals all over the lehigh valley and beyond. we would love to add a bit of irish entertainment to your event!




book us







welcome to o’grady quinlan

welcome back to classes for the 2024/2025 year!
 
about our school
the o’grady quinlan academy was founded in 2005, the result of an exciting merger between two popular well-established lehigh valley’s irish dance schools – the maureen o’grady school of irish dance and the quinlan academy of irish dance.

o’grady quinlan offers students more than two decades of teaching leadership, a top-notch roster of teachers holding teastais de comhdháil na rince gaelacha (tcrg) or an equivalent teastais de coimision na rince gaelacha, and adjudicators holding ard diploma na comhdháil na rince gaelacha (adcrg) or equivalent ard diploma an coimisuin na rince gaelacha.
o’grady quinlan dancers receive world-class irish dance training and instruction to equip them to compete, perform, and develop leadership skills that will carry them through life.
o’grady quinlan is proud to be the only certified school in the lehigh valley that is registered with an chomhdháil. an chomhdháil is the largest irish dance organization in ireland and is world renown for providing dancers for many performance companies such as riverdance and lord of the dance troupe members. contact us for more information.












 








contact us 
o’grady quinlan academy
 




228 w canal st
easton, pa  18042


 
contact us
get directions

quick linksbook us
upcoming events
class descriptions
recital
anti-bullying policy
follow us


















search for:



 



copyright © 2024 all rights reserved · o'grady quinlan academy of irish dance ·  photography by hub wilson 



















