










home - wheeling area chamber of commerce





















































 
 



















skip to content














menu 
directory member directory member map community shopping dining real estate lodging entertainmentmembership/login join member login membership benefits networking opportunities cost-saving programsabout us about us board of directors committees chamber champions contact us info requestin the media news releases photos/videos podcasteventsworkforce development apprentice opportunities chamber u job listings partners in educationleadership wheeling











facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram

































 
















bridging business






 & community






the wheeling area chamber of commerce is excited to revitalize its mission of advancing business development for members through advocacy, government relations, education, and community development. our brand-new staff is committed to bringing new, unique events and learning opportunities for our members.







learn more










  







members enjoy networking, events, marketing, training, and so much more! 


join today


 







































get connected












directory


find a member 
 
















register for an event 
 














login


member center 
 














jobs


career and workforce 
 





















wheeling area chamber is



















welcome our newest members!



























what's the value?


"i truly appreciate the support the wheeling chamber provides to its members. whether they are big businesses or smaller family shops, the chamber genuinely cares about the economic growth and the vitality of wheeling and keeping everything as local as possible. i joined the wheeling chamber of commerce because i immediately saw the value of becoming a member could bring to my business for a minimal yearly fee."anthony ruiz, president and owner of ruiz insurance company 

"i think the wheeling area chamber of commerce is a great asset and resource to any local business in the ohio valley area. partnering with the chamber has expanded my network and in addition, they have a set group of ambassadors that will help visit the businesses and volunteer at local chamber events.."sunny west, vp bcm business development & district team leader 









through networking, sponsorship opportunities, leadership programs, and events, the wheeling area chamber of commerce is here to help businesses do business. be a part of a dynamic network shaping the business landscape of the wheeling area.







join today
























mark your calendar












3rd annual athena award nominations 
open now - april 10, 2025
nominate an outstanding female leader in the ohio valley today for the prestigious athena award. click below to download the official nomination form, work closely with your nominee to fill out the form, and email it to reception@wheelingchamber.com by thursday, april 10, for consideration.
this is the 3rd annual ohio valley athena award. past winners are lori jones, 2023, and crystal bauer, 2024.


nominate someone today


 































live2lead 2025 
wednesday, february 26
live2lead is a half day leadership development experience designed to help you with new perspectives, practical tools, and key takeaways. you will have the opportunity to learn virtually from world-class leadership experts like john c. maxwell and also participate in breakout groups and live panel conversations with some of west virginia's own leadership experts. be prepared to implement a new action plan and start leading when you get back to the office with renewed passion and commitment.


more info


 






















the home and life expo 
friday, april 11 to 
sunday, april 13
you know what time it is... it's time for the annual home and life expo at the highlands sports complex, and this year it's going to be bigger and better than ever!

attendees can expect prizes, raffles, scavenger hunts, shopping, live demonstrations, games, and so much more!



more info


 





















upcoming events






























our sponsors





















                                wv northern community college                            














                                red                             














                                belmont savings                            














                                wesbanco                            














                                visit wheeling                            














                                encova                            














                                the health plan                            






next
previous









 












© 2025 wheeling area chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone






















faqsprivacy policyterms & conditions








wheeling area chamber of commerce









phone




1-304-233-2575 










address & map




1100 main street  •1st floor  •wheeling, wv 26003 











reception@wheelingchamber.com 











































 © 2025 wheeling area chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 



















 


















