










food wholesaler, party foods, wholesale food supplier, christmas & irish food hampers










































































 


















home
shop
about horgans
our services & facilities
news
recipes
product catalogue
contact us
 





select page


  
 
 












?






a fresh new look for
the horgan’s branded range.
horgans delicatessen supplies is delighted to introduce a fresh new look for the horgan’s branded range, which has been well established in irish retail since the 1970’s and much loved by the irish consumer. the new contemporary look leverages the rich heritage of the horgan’s brand, representing family values, heritage, provenance and innovation.
read more about our fresh new look













shop our award winning range of horgan’s hams, spiced beef and gourmet hampers.
view all products













for inspiration and ideas on how to use horgans products,
browse our selection of delicious recipes.
view all recipes













trade customers.
view our extensive product range and online product catalogue.
you can easily browse, sort and select all our products by search tag and by category.
launch trade catalogue*
*please note the above section is for general trade customers.
to shop online  visit our online shop.











































keep up to date with all the latest news, 
special offers, new products and recipes.


subscribe

















we would love to hear from you.
call us on +353 25 41200 or email us at info@horgans.com
social media

view all contact details



 








get in touch horgans delicatessen supplies ltd.
mitchelstown co.cork, ireland
+353 25 41200
> info@horgans.com

latest newsgreat taste awards 2023horgan’s delicatessen supplies, mitchelstown, are delighted to be among a …read moregold award at blas na héireann 2022michael horgan, managing director of horgan’s delicatessen supplies limited, mitchelstown, …read moresupportcontact us
frequently asked questions
delivery information
ordering from horgans
mission statement
company privacy policy
online privacy policy
terms & conditions
sitemap
search the site

search for:



 

 



© 2025 all rights reserved - horgans delicatessen supplies ltd. mitchelstown. built by b[]x
 

 
 
 
 




































































