home | star financial bank  





homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files. fdic logofdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentstar financial bank personalbusinessinvestments

locations

book an appointment

fdic logofdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. government enter search terms  start site searchclose 

locations

book an appointment



personal


go to personal homepage

banking


personal accounts

credit cards

account finder

open an account

private banking

current rates



loans


mortgage loans

home equity loans

auto, boat & rv loans

current rates



digital banking


digital banking resource center

mobile app

make a credit card payment



resources


faqs

calculators

rates





business


go to business homepage

banking


business deposit accounts

treasury management

merchant services

meet our commercial bankers



loans


commercial

small business/sba

credit cards



digital banking


digital banking resource center

mobile app

make a credit card payment



commercial bankers


meet our commercial bankers





investments


go to investments homepage

investments


investments team & services



wealth management


wealth management team & services





enter search terms  start site search open account loginopen accountmenuloginclose online banking modalfdic logofdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentwelcome! access your accountsasterisk denotes required fieldaccount type *online bankingcredit cardeclub benefitsclover merchant processinglockboxremote deposit capturestar investment servicestrust servicesusername * password * enroll|username?|password?loginloginloginloginloginloginlogin apple store  google playmanage your money on the go from any device with the star bank mobile app.scan to download it now.star financial bankclose alert holiday hours  in honor of president's day, star lobbies, video banking and our call center will be closed on monday, february 17. digital banking, orbi machines, and automated bank-by-phone services will be available. on friday, 2/14 ach and wire requests submitted before 4 p.m. will be processed that day. ach. wire requests submitted after 4 p.m. on 2/14 will be accepted through online banking but will not process until tuesday 2/18.  sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos. please upgrade your browser. no      star opens new headquarters
star bank celebrated the grand opening of its new headquarters in downtown fort wayne with a ribbon-cutting ceremony.
 read the press release             new 6-month cd
3.85% apy
our new 6-month cd special will help build your savings even faster! $1000 minimum deposit. new money only. $250,000 maximum.
view cd specials            star named one of the best places to work
star bank was named one of the best places to work in indiana by the indiana chamber!
career opportunities            check out our heloc rates!
take advantage of our incredible heloc rates today! 
apply today!            arriving soon...
star and fort wayne airport partner to open gateway business lounge. the gateway lounge from star bank will give business travelers a quiet place to work, relax and escape.
learn about the gateway lounge      dive into popular go-to's:  which account works for you?    open an account    buy a home    apply for a loan    utilize financial calculators    faqs    digital banking resource center                                        
        what others have to say...    the friendliest and most helpful banking staff i have ever had the pleasure to work with. jamie is always helpful and accommodating. they are the perfect banking experience, highly recommend for hassle free banking.

beth groves    anytime i have a need for financial/investment/or any banking services for our private accounts or our corporation accounts i always am treated with kindness and respect at this star financial bank branch in pendleton. the employees at the pendleton branch are the best i have ever worked with! when bringing any issue to them they work very fast to resolve it. if you have a need for a new banking account please step in and talk with them. if you have several accounts at different financial institutions and there is a need to consolidate some of them, this bank is for you. i did so and this was a very good move for me. star has had very competitive interest rates on funds you invest with them. i think you will be satisfied if you try them!

john r. luellen    i give this bank a 5 star review because not only are they hard working, but they're kind hearted people, they've helped me out any time that i needed and checked on how i was feeling when i was sick for 4 weeks, it means a lot to me knowing that i have a good bank to go to where i feel welcomed everytime i walk in, they also take safety precautions when it comes to securing my account if anything were to happen to my card. definitely recommend to my friends and family.

crystal lopez    we have enjoyed our relationship with star financial bank for many years. easy to work with, good tools to help manage business and individual accounts and a friendly staff. the greenfield location is our local branch, over the years the staff has become more like friends, who you see every week and know your name.


mike w.
    i have had nothing but great experiences with my bank, star financial. all of my interactions with star employees at the fishers, carmel, and westfield locations have been absolutely wonderful. i am especially thankful for tiffany at the carmel branch - she is so sweet and so helpful!


alexis lewis
                                                                                                                                                  close team modal 1        close team modal 2        close team modal 3        close team modal 4        close team modal 5        close team modal 6        close team modal 7        close team modal 8        close team modal 9        close team modal 10        close team modal 11        close team modal 12        back to top questions or comments? contact us. expand footer links

connect with us


facebook

linkedin

youtube



corporate


corporate profile

careers

community

latest news

security & fraud



legal


terms & conditions

privacy policy

online privacy policy

account opening disclosures

routing number: 074901672





 ©  star financial bank  
