















college of medicine – tucson | college of medicine - tucson

















      skip to main content
    

















search

search










internal resources

accreditation, quality & analytics
academy of medical education scholars
brand communications
curricular affairs
faculty affairs
graduate medical education
kindness is good medicine
leadership directory
professionalism







 
 


 search 
 search 


 menu 
 menu 






















 

directorycareers
fuel wonder










 
 







 home 
 home 


 close 
 close 






search

search








main navigation


home


about

overview
departments & centers
leadership



education

degree programs
residencies & fellowships
community education
financial aid



research


news


alumni & donors

support the college
alumni
fuel wonder
reunion 2024



events

calendar
medical student milestones
























college of medicine – tucson










 
 












    
  college of medicine – tucson

  
we are transforming academic medicine through innovative undergraduate medical education and post-graduate training programs; strategic, interdisciplinary trans-institutional research; collaborative health care delivery; and a strong, diverse and engaged faculty. 







 







image
 





find out more






 








md program










md dual-degree programs










graduate programs










undergraduate programs










residencies & fellowships






“there is a revolution coming to health care, and i want to be at the forefront of it.”– alexandra miller, md/phd student






 



image
 








 


how will you fuel wonder?


 







 






leaders in scientific discovery
the university of arizona is one of the nation’s top 20 public research universities, and research grant funding at the college of medicine – tucson has been growing consistently, more than doubling in a five-year period. the true value of medical research isn’t only measured in dollars. it is ultimately measured in discoveries that impact people’s lives. we’re educating and training the next generation of investigators, who will change lives by making new discoveries and pushing today’s medical advances even further.




 


explore


 

















patient care
patient care has been an integral part of the college of medicine – tucson since its founding more than 55 years ago. today, we work with clinical partners, including banner health and the southern arizona va health care system, that operate hospitals and clinics throughout arizona. these partnerships allow for a seamless integration of clinical faculty who work in area hospitals and clinics. in addition to teaching medical students, training residents and fellows, and caring for patients, many clinical faculty members — including some of the best minds in medicine — have subspecialty expertise and conduct groundbreaking research that is cited in top medical publications and translated into real-world therapies that improve lives.




banner health


arizona va health care system











 

news












 



jan. 16, 2025


u of a cancer center clinical trial advances research in treatment of biliary tract cancers



    read more
  






















image
 







jan. 10, 2025


$1.9m nih grant will allow researchers to explore how copper kills bacteria



    read more
  




















image
 







dec. 20, 2024


can the heart heal itself? new study says it can.



    read more
  




















image
 







dec. 20, 2024


sarver heart center receives $2m in gifts toward founding of cardiovascular research institute 



    read more
  























job opportunities at the college of medicine – tucsonwhy uarizona?  why banner health?  start your career today!prospective faculty












college of medicine – tucson
leading the way in education, research and patient care
your support helps prepare our students for the myriad of complex health issues they will one day see. it also enables us to recruit exceptional faculty talent to perform groundbreaking research and provide outstanding medical training and patient care.
gifts to the college of medicine – tucson













strategic plan 1.4progress report 1.3state of the collegeannual report


































footer - main


employment


emergency information


title ix / non-discrimination


campus safety


annual security report


copyright


campus accessibility


contact us


feedback
















information for


future students


current students


faculty & staff


alumni & donors


parents & visitors


corporations & businesses




topics


about the university


academics


arts & museums


athletics & recreation


campus store


colleges, schools, departments


diversity


environment & sustainability


international engagement


health & medical


libraries


research & innovation


purpose, mission & values




resources


directory


calendars


campus map


news


phonebook


weather


legacy content hub




connect


facebook


twitter


instagram


linkedin


youtube







we respectfully acknowledge the university of arizona is on the land and territories of indigenous peoples. today, arizona is home to 22 federally recognized tribes, with tucson being home to the o’odham and the yaqui. committed to diversity and inclusion, the university strives to build sustainable relationships with sovereign native nations and indigenous communities through education offerings, partnerships, and community service.
university information security and privacy
© 2025 the arizona board of regents on behalf of the university of arizona.














