






hospice of green country | home


































board member login



					staff login
				








				hospice of green country
			








why we carewhy choose hospice of green countrydoes my loved one need hospice nowabout hospice carecourtesy carestay at homebereavement servicespet peace of mindhospice educationfrequently asked questionsabout ushistory of hgcboard of directorsfinancialshipaa and privacycontact usget involveddonationsvolunteeringour wish listwork for usnews and eventshospice education instituteoysters and alepickleball smash classicresources
donations









we are compassionate guardians of comfort and dignity.
hospice of green country is the only hospice in the tulsa area with staff committed to providing education-based expert care and nurturing guidance to patients and their loved ones who are in need of compassionate guardians of comfort and dignity when facing the end of life experience.
 














our hospice services include:



a team of hospice professionals and volunteers





courtesy care services





24-hour, 7-days-a-week staff availability





live alone services and respite care





medication, medical equipment and supplies





bereavement services for patients and families





hospice education and caregiver support





community food bank of eastern oklahoma pantry





community referrals resource service





pet peace of mind services


learn more about our services >









"we recently lost our wife and mother, but were fortunate to have come into contact with the greatest organization - hospice of green country. as caregivers, we had the opportunity to meet many of their expertly trained and compassionate personnel. they not only provided excellent physical and medical care, but also provided a tremendous amount of emotional support to our family. now we believe that not all angels are in heaven. those who feel like supporting an organization that properly uses all donations should support hospice of green country."

- words of thanks from a family member









help us help others make every moment count.


our wish list
 

we greatly appreciate donations of personal care items, household necessities and non-perishable food items.

 
learn more >




give a donation
 

hospice of green country is able to continue serving tulsa and northeastern oklahoma thanks to the generosity of people like you.

 
learn more >




volunteer today
 

we are always looking for volunteers. giving your time to support our mission is a thoughtful way to show you care about our community.

 
learn more >













				hospice of green country
				3501 s yale avenue
				tulsa, oklahoma 74135
				[p] 918.747.2273
				[f] 918.747.2573




join our mailing list!










required field(s) are indicated by an *.
first name
email

















come work for us
donate to our hospice























©2019 hospice of green country - all rights reserved.














