


tree of liberty








































saturday, november 16, 2013 




it has been a while since i last posted anything. i just am so disgusted with this country and the current tyrannical regime that i guess i am depressed. 

just look at the rights that have been stripped away from us under the guise of a humane and understanding administration. the right to assemble. only if you are part of the so called 99% crowd. other wise you have to get a permit and pay fees along with other b.s. things, like porta potties, security, while the leftists get tax payers to pay for this. the right of free speech. no more. look at the latest at brown university. speakers shouted down by mush filled grey matter of the indoctrinated youth. next is freedom of religion. no longer aloud. if you are a christian you can no longer display this in public, it may offend some atheist of muslim. 

gun rights? yeah right. sec. kerry unlawfully signs an unfinished united nation treaty that comes after handguns. unconstitutional laws passed in some states like colorado that are unconstitutional and come after ownership of all makes and models of firearms. illegal searches are now legal. no rights for individuals all in the name of animal rights. did you know that game wardens may enter your home at any time and conduct a search for so called poached meat. no warrant to enter , no knocks necessary, just open the door and enter. now in their guise of looking for signs of poaching if they come across anything else that looks suspicious then the police are able to enter without warrant and confiscate, arrest and destroy what they find. 

fema, now next to the epa, i am not sure which one is the most dangerous to the american citizen. do you know the powers that fema is granted in a national emergency? incredible, over reaching and very oppresive. look them up. it will make the hair on the back of your neck stand up. 

then look at the unconstitutional executive orders being laid out. since when does the president have the authority to rewrite law as a convenince for political points. waivers to some and not others on his healthcare debacle. post poning implementation of law. com'on now, it is illegal and unconstitutional. just like the 48 plus czars that we still have no idea of what they do, how much they get paid and where thier authority comes from. let's face it. this country is in trouble and the vast majority of elected officials are blind to the problems. in a mad dash to score political reelection points , no real attempt is being made to solve the problems.

rino's going after grass root supporters of the constitution. the left in full assault of the constitution, and the millions of hands out for freebies being supported by both political parties. 


god help us!



8:02 am  | permalink |  


sunday, january 20, 2013 

b.f.r.o./ animal planet joke of a show


i have had to take time off from politics because it is so damn depressing to think about who is in charge of our government right now and the tradgic things he and his cohorts are doing. so turning the boob tube on i have had a laugh or three thousand at the animal planet show "finding bigfoot". the show if you are not familiar with is about the b.f.r.o., or the bigfoot research organization.

the four people that are featured in this are hilarious. first of all i am not commenting on whether there is or is not any creature like bigfoot. what i am commenting on here is the fact that these so called four experts could not find their backside with a lit match while flagellating from a good bowl of baked beans.

the first problem with this show and characters is that the give what they believe to be facts based on absolutely no evidence at all. they speak of habits, patterns and behaviors that are not documented or have ever been concluded. it is all conjecture and abstract reasoning.

secondly the way they conduct any sort of investigation is amateurish and filled with never going to find anything possibilities. in other words there are four people on television that are making money being absurd. yet this is not a reality show based in new jersey.

if you watch television and like the syfy channel they show several that are at least professional in the way they try to convince people in their beliefs. i am referring to destination truth and ghost hunters. in these shows at least they approach an investigation or search with some sort of plan, equipment, research and professionalism.

on a channel like animal planet i am sure that there is money available to at least get these weekend adventurers one or two trap cameras (under 70.00 at wal mart), several flir cameras on loan. then at least on script writer that has a clue as to how to write this fiction they propagate.

i have always heard stories of an animal that could be a possible bigfoot here in colorado but i am one who seeing is believing. near ward colorado reports near tahosa lake are reports of what was referred to as the swamp monster. in the trading post at the scout camp is even a picture of the "swamp monster. near bailey colorado reports have come in of sightings of a hairy creature. many places in the state of colorado have had stories of such creatures being seen and frightening people. however i would not trust animal planets crew of the b.f.r.o. to look into it. i do not think that they could find their head from a hole in the ground.




3:29 pm  | permalink |  


wednesday, january 02, 2013 

leadership; from afar.


while president obama the dictator in chief spins his ability to be an actual leader. his methods are very questionable. he is effective as the repugnants in office seem to cave into every whim he has. from higher taxes to falling off the fiscal cliff while covered in a blanket in hopes no one will notice. president obama demands that congress pay for the bills it has racked up. so who will pay for his bills he racks up?

the element that remains consistent is running the country from afar. once again president obama dictates from hawaii. on yet another multimillion dollar expense to the american taxpayer. over a billion dollars spent on the obama family and its world jet setting tastes. this time a cost of 7 million dollars for a christmas trip and prep rally. 

is this leadership? demanding congress to pay up while jet setting and racking up bills himself? how about thinking of those he is supposed to represent. stay in washington and celebrate the holidays. wouldn't it be cheaper? probably so, but then it wouldn't fit into his better then thou life style.

obama preaches one thing and does the opposite. if he were an officer in the military leading a patrol i honestly think he would be left alone blazing a trail while the rest of the patrol went another way.



2:49 pm  | permalink |  


 

time to fight back. third party a must!


it is time for the american people to take this country back from the progressives and do nothing rino's. a tax hike that was promised not to affect the majority of people. an attack directly coming on the second amendment, the one most america's hold closest to. a failed economy, fraudulent news on stocks and welfare roll numbers. a lack of aid to those who truly need it ( hurricane sandy victims).

if there was ever a time for the voice of the american people to be heard now is the time. as a society and a prominent place in favorable history notes is disappearing. we the people must speak loudly, defiantly and soundly on how this country will be run. 

neither the congress or the senate is listening to the people. the administration believes it rules the people, and a lack of following the peoples will is gone. only the election of fiscal conservatives, tough love, a must cut in spending on all counts will save this country. 

first we must cut the welfare state. secondly lower corporate taxes and payroll tax. third grow the military, and provide those in uniform with the support, manpower, and materials to continue to protect us. fourth we must put in place judiciary who interpret and do not legislate from the bench. people who are qualified and not just a political appointee, ( soto-mayer, napolitono ). fifth we have to reign in the political pork and the absolute stupidity of washington d.c.

if we do not do these things we are going to be nothing more then harry belefontes third world nation imprisoning political opposition and stealing from those who earn and giving to those who want.

america is teetering on the edge of a third world catastrophe. a country that one class does nothing but live off the backs of those who try to achieve yet are penalised for it. the answer is for the american people to elect and push a third party. 

if those in either the demorats or in the repugnant parties refuse to listen then they need to be removed from office and a third party put into place. it is our country folks. it does not belong to those elected or to a small group of do nothing wanters.





2:34 pm  | permalink |  


tuesday, december 11, 2012 

hey hey, ho ho, it is unions that got to go!!!


this is the ralling cry that needs to be shouted loud and proud. when our wanna be dictator obama comes to your town, true americans  need to let him know that we are not beholding to special interest groups and elite socialists.

let us look at the truth of the matter. unions in states like michagan have had a strangle hold on the worker even if they are not part or wiling to support a union. a simple question. why should a person work hard for their money yet have to pay a special interest group a percentage of their earned money? this is the cry that the unions do not want the average worker to know or understand. what the unions want is simple. they want your money for nothing on their part. simplified. you work, pay the unions money even if you are not part of the union. in turn they will dictate to you when , where, how, and what you will do for a living. 

is this the america our fore fathers faught and died for. is the american dream we all have? an america that takes and takes from those who earn and gives to those who do nothing but sit on their fat asses and dictate to others? it seems so. as after the november election we have reinstalled a government of beuarocrats that were not elected democraticlly or wanted. yet our telling us that achievment and bettering oneself is a violation of human rights. that the phrase brothers keeper is the mandate. instead of teaching him to fish we must go fish for him while he sits on his duff and plays x-box.

unions are exactly this. if those in unions would monly open their eyes and see how they are being lead by the nose like cattle. then they would understand that inflation, an expensive economy, and lack of jobs staying in america is related to union theft of money from the people they claim to support.



7:25 am  | permalink |  


sunday, october 28, 2012 

what scares you?


with the presidential election just over a week away and halloween in a few days, what scares you the most? is it some little trick or treater who pulls a trick because you give him granola bars instead of candy. or is it those unhinged people on the left that support a "progressive" agenda that means taking away what you have worked hard to earn. could it be those who like in racine ( http://mountpleasant.patch.com/articles/racine-tea-party-fires-up-the-faithful#photo-11923828 ) dump nails in a parking lot because you rally for the republicans. could it be punks who vandalise your car ( http://losangeles.cbslocal.com/2012/10/27/vandal-keys-obama-into-2-cars-in-alta-loma/ ) again because you support a pro american candidate.

might it be the threat of riots from poor spoiled brats who are afraid that they may have to get off their lazy butts and find a job instead of sponging from the hard working family. in these days and times what is it that scares you?



8:56 am  | permalink |  













about me


i'm devious mind
from denver, colorado, united states
good judgemnt comes from experiance. experiance comes from bad judgement.

karma, its a bitch.

my profile



last posts


it has been a while since i last posted anything. ...b.f.r.o./ animal planet joke of a showleadership; from afar.time to fight back. third party a must!hey hey, ho ho, it is unions that got to go!!!what scares you?so what is the deal?9/11, what are you thinking?eastwood brillant, dems jealous, rupugs stupid.the government failed me, i am not a success.




archives


march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
june 2009
july 2009
august 2009
september 2009
october 2009
november 2009
december 2009
january 2010
february 2010
march 2010
april 2010
may 2010
june 2010
july 2010
august 2010
september 2010
october 2010
november 2010
december 2010
january 2011
february 2011
march 2011
april 2011
may 2011
june 2011
july 2011
august 2011
september 2011
october 2011
november 2011
december 2011
january 2012
february 2012
march 2012
may 2012
june 2012
july 2012
august 2012
september 2012
october 2012
december 2012
january 2013
november 2013




links



punch
 michelle malkin 
fightpc 
 drudgereport 
avenger
this aint hell






email me




syndicate this site (xml)





		powered by blogger










 


