












home - middleberg riddle group






















































skip to content














new orleans: (504) 525-7200





dallas: (214) 220-6301


 












































				search			



search



 






why mrg?our servicesour peoplecontact us




 




×
why mrg?our servicesour peoplecontact us
























new orleans: (504) 525-7200





dallas: (214) 220-6301


 






















				search			



search



 







 




















 




 












the middleberg riddle group






a law firm with over 40 years of experience you can trust.
our attorneys come from a variety of backgrounds, including former forensic accountants, in-house counsel, compliance officers, business owners, and board members. our team is licensed to practice law in multiple states and has represented clients on a local, regional, and national basis in business deals, regulatory matters, and lawsuits.








connect with us






























why mrg?


today’s legal and business environments demand individualized client solutions and flexibility. 



 


















our services


business formation, governance, succession planning, regulatory compliance & risk management. 



 


















our people


our team is licensed to practice law in multiple states, and has represented clients on a local, regional. 



 





















 the middleberg riddle group













the middleberg riddle group is an established, full-service law firm offering representation to businesses in all manner of transactional, litigation, and regulatory compliance matters for over 35 years. our attorneys come from a variety of backgrounds, including former forensic accountants, in-house counsel, compliance officers, business owners, and board members. our team is licensed to practice law in multiple states, and has represented clients on a local, regional, and national basis in business deals, regulatory matters, and lawsuits.today’s legal and business environments demand individualized client solutions and flexibility. we distinguish ourselves by our customized, cost-effective representation and devotion to client service.









































our services































business formation, governance, and succession planning




















commercial litigation
























regulatory compliance & risk management




















class action defense, mass actions, and multi-district litigation
























outside general counsel services




















appellate
























real estate zoning and land use




















healthcare & medical malpractice litigation
























economic development & incentives




















consumer protection, data security, and consumer financial security

















 















































our mission






providing exemplary legal serviceswe invite you to browse our website for greater detail regarding our practice areas. if you are interested in further information about a specific field of law, just click on the title for that field. if you would like further information about an individual attorney, click on the our people link, and a page will appear showing our attorneys. 











quick links












why mrg?our servicesour peoplecontact us












new orleans location















909 poydras st, ste 1400
new orleans, la 70112














(504) 525-7200















adminneworleans@midrid.com 












dallas location















2911 turtle creek blvd., ste 1250
 dallas, tx 75219














(214) 220-6301















admindallas@midrid.com





















© 2025 middleberg riddle group. privacy policy | terms of use









 
















