





sisters of st. francis of perpetual adoration




































































homeour lifeour lifeour historyour charismconsecrationprayercommunityapostolatevocationsvocationsfaqsvocation inquirydiscernment retreatsformationvocation storiesfor familiesvocations contactfoundressfoundressbiographybeatificationprayersmaximsblogblognewsletter archivesnewsletter archivescontact usprayer requestscontact usvocations contact 



































homeour lifeour lifeour historyour charismconsecrationprayercommunityapostolatevocationsvocationsfaqsvocation inquirydiscernment retreatsformationvocation storiesfor familiesvocations contactfoundressfoundressbiographybeatificationprayersmaximsblogblognewsletter archivesnewsletter archivescontact usprayer requestscontact usvocations contact 















prayer request





contact the vocation team
contact us if you are interested in religious life, are considering a vocation to our community, would like more information, or would like to schedule a visit.



contact





community videos





a video about our community and our charism of perpetual adoration and the works of mercy.





a video on the vocation and call to become a sister of st. francis of perpetual adoration.





a “music video” expressing the joy and gratitude of the sisters during their jubilee year.




our mission statement
we, the sisters of st. francis of perpetual adoration, participate in the mission of the roman catholic church by living the gospel after the example of saint francis and our foundress, mother maria theresia bonzel. we strive to combine the contemplative life with the active through perpetual adoration and the works of mercy in education, healthcare, and other ecclesial ministries.
the sisters of st. francis of perpetual adoration serve in education, health care, and other ecclesial ministries in germany, the united states, and the philippines. in doing so, we follow in the footsteps of jesus who spent his public life praying, teaching, healing and ministering to others. the provincial house of the immaculate heart of mary province is located in mishawaka, indiana. from there we serve in the archdioceses of chicago and indianapolis, and the dioceses of fort wayne-south bend, lafayette-in-indiana, and gary.




vocation stories 
sister maria faustinait started in eighth grade when i first officially met sisters and saw a piece of their life. my dad would go there for morning prayer sometimes on saturdays and i would come with him. and i loved praying with the sisters. i felt jesus’ delight in us. it drew me to his heart.  however, it would be a while before i really realized and considered god’s call to the religious life. i started feeling… read more “sister maria faustina”perpetual vowssister mercy“for thus says the lord god: behold, i, i myself will search for my sheep, and will seek them out. as a shepherd seeks out his flock when some of his sheep have been scattered abroad, so will i seek out my sheep; and i will rescue them from all places where they have been scattered on a day of clouds and thick darkness.” ezekiel 34:11-12 this passage from ezekiel is one of my favorite… read more “sister mercy”perpetual vows

more stories



"hold back nothing of yourselves for yourselves so that he who gives himself totally to you may receive you totally."
~ st. francis of assisi




he leads, i follow
these words of our foundress, blessed maria theresia, were chosen as the name for our newsletter. in each edition we will share with you a little about our life as we follow christ after the example of our holy father st. francis and blessed maria theresia.



newsletter















sisters of st. francis of
                            perpetual adoration
                        

homeour lifevocationsfoundressblogcontact us 


© 2022 ssfpa
privacy policy




























 

























