






greater rome board of realtors – indianapolis' real estate news






























		skip to content	



 



greater rome board of realtors
indianapolis' real estate news








    menu	
home
indianapolis real estate videos
indianapolis real estate news
about
contact
privacy and tos

  
			scroll down to content		








posts




   
posted on january 27, 2017february 6, 2017indianapolis real estate investment properties – the opportunity 

indianapolis real estate investment properties – the opportunity
4

http://www.jasonlucchesi.com if your looking for indianapolis real estate investment properties, then click the link to check out our website. we have access to off-market indianapolis real estate investment properties, and you can join our vip email list by receiving more details on our website. and if you’re looking for real estate investment properties outside of the indianapolis area we can also provide you with deals as we’re constantly engaged with investment properties across the country. http://www.jasonlucchesi.com



   
posted on january 23, 2017february 6, 2017finding a good indianapolis real estate agent 

finding a good indianapolis real estate agent
are you looking to buy or sell real estate in indianapolis? are you looking for a good real estate agent to assist you? it’s tough to know who to choose since you will find numerous real estate agents in indianapolis. well, here are some of the best qualities of real estate agents to assist you with your search.
excellent communication
it’s stressful to deal with a real estate agent who doesn’t know how to communicate properly. note that the real estate market is very time sensitive. therefore, the real estate agent you’re looking to hire should always inform you on what to do for the best results. a good real estate agent needs to be in constant communication with the clients or customers. that way, they can provide up to date information on the current situation in the market for better decision making.
proactive
if you’re selling your house, you need a real estate agent who works pro-actively. that means he/she should be calling potential buyers, chasing new leads and communicating with existing customers. on the other hand, if there are any updates to the listing, the real estate agent should inform the potential home buyers immediately. being proactive means that the real estate agent you’re looking to hire should do everything possible to make sure that both parties are clearly informed about a particular listing.
excellent listening skills
if you’re looking for the best indianapolis real estate agent, you need to avoid one who talks too much without listening to you. if you have any special needs or requests, the real estate agent should factor them into the listing for the best results. a good real estate agent should be asking all the questions to make sure that all your wishes and preferences are considered for the best results.
excellent adaption
a good real estate agent needs to be able to read and anticipate what the client needs. if you’re selling a house, make sure the real estate agent constantly updates you about the listing through email, quick tests or phone calls. if the real estate agent adapts to what the client needs, it’s easy to find the right method of communication to avoid too many calls or messages that might seem overwhelming. on the other hand, various people have varying needs, and as such the real estate agent needs to know what each client needs to make the best assessments of the situation.
understanding the time frame
if you have listed your house for sale or are looking to buy a new one, you might have specific requirements or time frame. therefore, a good real estate agent should work perfectly within that time frame to make sure that the client gets exactly what they want at the right time. it would be disappointing if your house was listed on the market forever or if the real estate agent you’re working with can’t find you a good house within the time you’re looking to get one.
odd and weird situations
if you are in an uncanny real estate scenario such as inheriting an unwanted property, have too many repairs to do, facing foreclosure, etc. and all you want to do is sell your house fast, then turn to christopher ellyn homes. we buy houses indianapolis is their slogan and they live and die by it. they buy multiple indianapolis, indiana houses, duplexes, properties, and lots every month, all while helping the people on the other end get out of a sticky situation.
with these tips, you should be able to find a good indianapolis real estate agent.
resources: http://www.yellowpages.com/beech-grove-in/mip/christopher-ellyn-homes-523632521
https://www.trustpilot.com/review/christopherellynhomes.com
https://www.glassdoor.com/reviews/christopher-ellyn-homes-reviews-e1506043.htm




posted on february 6, 2017real estate market trends in indianapolis 

real estate market trends in indianapolis
4.5

co-founder sterling white discusses market trends in indianapolis




posted on january 23, 2017investing in indianapolis real estate 

investing in indianapolis real estate
4.5

http://www.wholesale-houses.com




posted on december 31, 2016study ranks indy as one of nation’s worst real estate markets 

a new study from personal finance site wallethub says indy is one of the worst cities in the nation for real estate. this study isn’t a look at just at whether houses are being sold or not, but how attractive and healthy the real estate market is overall. and in almost every aspect, indy ranked poorly.
wallethub looked at 16 factors that fell into two categories: real estate market (including homes underwater, average days a house is on the market, price appreciation, foreclosures, etc.), and affordability and the overall economic environment (including housing affordability, population growth rate, unemployment rate, etc.). the first category was weighted at 80 percent, while the second was weighted at 20 percent.




indy housing market booms to historic heights




overall, indianapolis came in at no. 276 out of 300. if we look at just major cities with a population of more than 300,000, we clock in at no. 57 out of 62, just ahead of cities like miami, philadelphia, baltimore, cleveland and detroit.
what’s causing us to be so very low? well, we came in 247th for the percentage of homes with negative equity and 232nd for foreclosure rate. that didn’t help. the overall economic and population picture for the state also hurt us — our unemployment rate put us in 161st place, our population growth rate was 149th and the job growth rate was 88th.
however, local data doesn’t paint quite such a bleak picture. according to the indiana association of realtors’ july report, median statewide home prices edged up 3.6 percent year-over-year to $145,000. closed sales were down 2.1 percent versus last year, but realtors attribute the drop-off to a lack of supply rather than demand. in marion county, sales are down just 0.4 percent, and median prices were nearly flat against 2015.





indianapolis housing prices likely to keep rising





if you’re looking for “better” real estate markets, the best large cities include austin, denver, nashville and seattle.
allison carter is an engagement producer at indystar. follow her on twitter @allisonlcarter. 
sourced – http://www.indystar.com/story/news/2016/08/30/study-ranks-indy-one-nations-worst-real-estate-markets/89597632/




posted on december 28, 2016indianapolis real estate agent: keep an eye on these neighborhoods 

indianapolis real estate agent: keep an eye on these neighborhoods
5

spring is finally here, and the busiest time of year for sellers is upon us. our market is pretty balanced overall, but there are certain price points where we are seeing sellers profit even more. in homes priced between 0,000 and 0,000, we only have about a 2.8 month supply, which is fantastic news for sellers right now. to see what’s in store for our market in the near future, watch this short video!
home to indy team
nexthome connection
3125 dandy trail #220
indianapolis, indiana 46214
(317) 605-4174
paula@hometoindy.com




posted on december 28, 2016indianapolis area real estate: indianapolis market update 

indianapolis area real estate: indianapolis market update
5

http://eppselsonrealestate.blogspot.com/2015/11/indianapolis-area-real-estate-market.html – the statistics compared to the previous year are pretty high in comparison. we expect interest rates to increase, so we recommend buyers to act now. we see a trend of listings and sales slowing down. if you’re a seller, this helps your listing stand out with less competition! for more information, watch this video.
selling your indianapolis area home? check out our free home value report: http://eppselson.freehousevalues.com/
buying a indianapolis area home? search all homes for sale: http://eppselsonteam.com/homes-for-sale-results/
kevin elson and cathy epps
200 s rangeline rd. suite 129
carmel, in 46032
cathy:(317) 590-0660
kevin:(317) 281-2575
kevin@eppselsonteam.com
cathy@eppselestonteam.com




posted on december 28, 2016december 28, 2016downtown indianapolis condo goes for $4.8m in possible record sale 

a luxury high-rise condominium in the conrad indianapolis hotel has changed hands in what might be the largest single-family residential real estate purchase in marion county history.
the 5,514-square-foot home on the 22nd floor of the 10-year-old, 23-story building sold for $4.8 million, encore sotheby’s international realty said friday.
former cummins inc. ceo theodore “tim” solso was the seller. solso, who left cummins at the end of 2011 after 11 years as ceo, has been independent lead director of general motors co. since january 2014. he had owned the condo since 2008.
the buyer was michael mccracken, president and former owner of ivc industrial coatings, and his wife, carla.
encore sotheby’s international realty said the property was the largest residential sale in the local office’s six-year history and the largest ever in marion county listed in the metropolitan indianapolis board of realtors database.
the agency said the last time a residential property sold for more than $4 million in marion county was in 2003, when a property at 675 alverna drive traded hands for $4.29 million. that property is owned by car dealer andy mohr.
the interior of the unit is bathed in light. (image courtesy home aesthetics)
the conrad condo was on the market for less than 30 days. joe shoemaker, who represented the seller, said few of the 15 condos in the conrad ever come up for sale and demand is high when they do. the property was basically sold through word-of-mouth before it was ever listed, he said.
the buyer was represented by nicholas wright with newbridge commercial real estate inc.
the condo features balconies that overlook both monument circle and the indiana statehouse. a video can be found here.
sourced – http://www.ibj.com/articles/61539-downtown-indianapolis-condo-goes-for-48m-in-possible-record-sale




posted on december 28, 2016real estate firm to build $5m hq in carmel 

carmel — encore sotheby’s international realty plans to build a new $5 million headquarters at the intersection of old meridian street and pennsylvania avenue in carmel, the company announced thursday.
work will begin on the three-story, nearly 20,000-square foot building this spring at 12411 n. pennsylvania ave. the real estate firm that handles high-end properties opened in 2010.
mark zukerman, the company’s chief executive, said the firm does $200 million in annual sales and will move about 40 employees to carmel. the firm is moving from 96th street and meridian street in marion county, where it leases a little more than 6,000 square feet. the new building should be open in late 2017.
about 13,000 square feet will be available for lease, including restaurants and retail on the first floor. jet linx indianapolis, a charter aircraft service, already has agreed to open a boutique, sales and marketing office in the building.
mayor jim brainard said the city is not offering incentives other than, he joked, low taxes and high quality of life.
brainard said the corner lot is difficult to develop and he’s glad to see encore sotheby’s make good use of it.
call indystar reporter chris sikich at (317) 444-6036. follow him on twitter: @chrissikich and at facebook/chris.sikich.
source – http://www.indystar.com/story/news/local/hamilton-county/2016/12/15/carmel-announces-new-corporate-hq/95437470/




posted on december 28, 2016december 28, 2016indianapolis home prices rising faster than wages 

indianapolis home prices are outpacing wage growth, threatening to push the city’s housing market out of reach for many would-be buyers.
marion county is the 55th-most affordable u.s. county for homebuyers out of 447, according to attom data solutions. indianapolis residents who earn the city’s average income needed to spend 21.1 percent of their wages to buy a median-priced house during the fourth quarter, according to attom’s fourth-quarter affordability index.
historically, indianapolis residents have spent slightly more — an average of 21.9 percent of their income — to buy a house, according to attom. that means indianapolis remains affordable by its own standard and in comparison to other cities. but it’s trending in the wrong direction for buyers.
indianapolis’ affordability peaked in the first quarter of 2012, said daren blomquist, the senior vice president of communications at attom. since then, it has been getting steadily more difficult for average wage earners to buy houses in marion county.
“the trend has been slowly becoming less affordable if you look over the last few years,” blomquist said. “it is getting close to that unaffordable territory, but it’s not quite there yet. the reason, i think, in looking at the data, is we are seeing home prices growing.”
home prices this year increased by an average of 4 percent, while wages rose by 3 percent, according to attom. the median sales price in marion county during the fourth quarter was $143,797.
real estate trends in marion county suggest prices will continue to rise in 2017. a dearth of houses on the market in recent months has forced buyers to compete against one another, creating bidding wars in some cases.
there were 3,589 houses for sale in marion county in november, an eye-popping 23.7 percent drop from november 2015, according to residential real estate firm f.c. tucker co. the average sales price for november was $150,734.
“inventory will continue to be tight, and buyers will need to continue to be decisive,” f.c. tucker ceo jim litten said in a statement. “in this fast-paced market, multiple offers should be expected.”
another reason prices are rising is that institutional investors — companies that buy several houses at once and turn them into rental properties — are increasingly targeting indianapolis. institutional sales accounted for 2.7 percent of marion county real estate transactions in the third quarter, up from 1.3 percent a year earlier, blomquist said.
“it’s attracting investors largely from out of state,” he said. “that can be a problem for affordability because those investors are not as constrained by income as local buyers. they’re willing to pay more than local buyers are, and that pushes up prices faster.”
the average weekly wage in marion county was $971 during the second quarter, according to the most recent data available from the bureau of labor statistics. that’s a 3 percent year-over-year increase, yet down from $1,027 in early 2012, when marion county housing was most affordable.
“home prices are growing much faster than wages, and that’s not sustainable for the long term,” blomquist said.
the most affordable u.s. counties for homebuyers are clayton county, ga., which includes atlanta (10.4 percent of average wages needed to buy the median-priced home), roane county, tenn., which includes knoxville (11.8 percent) and bay county, mich. (13 percent).
the least affordable counties are kings county, n.y., which is brooklyn (127.2 percent), santa cruz county, calif. (113.7 percent) and marin county, calif., which includes san francisco (111.9 percent).
call indystar reporter james briggs at (317) 444-6307. follow him on twitter: @jamesebriggs.
sourced – http://www.indystar.com/story/money/2016/12/27/indianapolis-home-prices-rising-faster-than-wages/95790810/









			search for:		


  
		search	

indianapolis realtors 
categories

indianapolis real estate news

indianapolis real estate videos




recent posts


real estate market trends in indianapolis


indianapolis real estate investment properties – the opportunity


finding a good indianapolis real estate agent


investing in indianapolis real estate


study ranks indy as one of nation’s worst real estate markets


 indianapolis real estate news






		proudly powered by wordpress	











































































































































































