





office of fraternity & sorority life | fraternity & sorority life










skip to main content



ucla






fraternity & sorority life




contact us
give












search websitesearch


community overview

general information
community directory
community performance reports
asian greek council (agc)
interfraternity council (ifc)
latinx greek council (lgc)
multi-interest greek council (migc)
national pan-hellenic council (nphc)
panhellenic council (panhel)


officer resources

expectations of recognition
portfolio model
academics
health and wellness
programming
recruitment/intake
safety resources
space reservations
virtual tools
volunteering
how do i...?


prospective members

overview
rush/recruitment/intake
transferring to ucla
parents & family
greek housing
links & resources
glossary of greek life terms
faqs
request more information


advisors

advisor resources






contact us
give








search website
search

















office of fraternity & sorority life




 visiting campus ofsl staff is working on campus, although staff may work remotely as needed. you can contact our main information line either by telephone at 310-825-6322 or via email at fsl@ucla.edu. we are available via in-person, telephone, email, or zoom meetings. for council specific information, please contact the council you are interested in directly. each council president's information can be found in the general information page. ofsl is open for in-person meetings to student, staff, and campus visitors. welcome bruins! welcome from the director thank you for visiting our website! as you begin to browse our virtual office, you will learn that fraternities and sororities have been an integral part of the university of california, los angeles (ucla) campus since 1923. today ucla is home to 60 inter/national and local greek-letter organizations, six governing councils with approximately 4,100 students which represents 13% of the undergraduate student population. we hope you will engage with us as we are committed to academics, community service, and developing leaders within and beyond our community. the office of fraternity & sorority life serves to enhance the growth and development of ucla students through their membership in, or engagement with, the fraternity and sorority community. the office aims to provide an integrative learning environment that fosters a sense of belonging for the individual student rooted in a shared commitment to their fraternal oath and our true bruin values: respect, accountability, integrity, service, and excellence. lindsey goldstein, m.ed. director office of fraternity & sorority life ofsl staff can be contacted via email at fsl@ucla.edu or phone at 310-825-6322. regular business hours: monday - friday, 9:00am to 5:00pm 109 kerckhoff hall lindsey is in the office tuesday-friday richard is in the office monday-thursday sam is in the office tuesday-thursday christian is in the office monday-thursday if you have comments for us to consider or would like to communicate with us directly, please connect with us at fsl@ucla.edu.





greeks making news!




ofsl releases 2024 chapter performance report





alpha gamma omega builds community through faith and food





alpha gamma alpha and sigma pi sigma psi sororities host mental health panel 





the black bruin experience: the divine nine





alpha gamma alpha and alpha epsilon omega raise awareness and funds for nagorno-karabakh region





bruin heading for the space force





kappa alpha psi fraternity, inc. celebrates centennial





sigma pi beta fraternity co-hosts rally for iranian women





delta sigma theta sorority, inc. celebrates centennial





alpha phi alpha fraternity inc. co-hosts 34th annual mlk oratorical contest





latinx chapters participate in the first latinx welcome









resources and support



 


contact campus offices to make a report or share concerning information




 


ofsl seeks to promote a safe environment where all students may participate in campus activities and organizations free of hazing.




 


providing a safe place for survivors of sexual violence to get confidential support




 


find additional information regarding campus resources for member and chapter safety and support.




 


find grade reports and chapter performance reports









land acknowledgement 

the office of fraternity & sorority life at ucla acknowledges the gabrielino/tongva peoples as the traditional land caretakers of tovaangar (the los angeles basin and so. channel islands). as a land grant institution, we pay our respects to the honuukvetam (ancestors), ‘ahiihirom (elders) and ‘eyoohiinkem (our relatives/relations) past, present and emerging.














109 kerckhoff hall
    los angeles, ca 90095-1607

(310) 825-6322
fsl@ucla.edu



facebook @bruin.greek
instagram @uclagreeklife
twitter @uclagreeklife
youtube @[uclaofficeoffraternitysoro7983


covid-19 resources





© 2025 regents of the
      university of california


emergency
accessibility
privacy & terms of use


facebook @uclahousing
instagram @uclahousing
linkedin @ucla
x @ucla
youtube @ucla
tiktok @ucla
snapchat @uclaofficial









