














homepage - boston children's museum































































































 
















			  skip to content
			











visit
explore 
learn 
museum at home
calendar 
membership 
support us
host an event 
 



  museum open 9:00am - 4:00pm today  other dates
calendar 
museum membership 
support us
host an event
 



open search



x
















visit 

ticketsadvance/online tickets are highly recommended.
buy tickets
hours
 wednesday-sunday 9:00am-4:00pm
**on the first saturday of each month, the museum opens at 10:00am.
admissionadults: $22
children (1 – 15): $22
infants (under 12 months): free
members: free
get tickets! →
visitor information
explorecheck out our award-winning exhibits and programs designed for children and families.
calendar 
virtual tour
membership 


explore 

exhibitscheck out our award-winning exhibits designed for children and families.
virtual tour
programsencompassing science, culture, the arts, literacy, the environment, health, and more – our programs make learning fun for everyone.
the power of play
steam learning and discoveryengaging kids in the excitement of steam (science, technology, engineering, art, math) subject matter by making it fun and informal.
museum collection 


learn 

resources for familiesplay and learning resources for families to support your child’s continuous discovery.
the power of play
resources for educatorsexplore field trip opportunities, classroom programs, and professional development opportunities.
what are we learning
beyond the chalkboardhundreds of free, educator-designed afterschool activities for teachers and parents.
400+ fun family activities


museum at home

beyond the chalkboardhundreds of free, educator-designed afterschool activities for teachers and parents.
online games 
japanese house websiteexplore and engage with the museum’s authentic 100-year-old house from kyoto, japan.
ways to play 
play and learning activities librarya growing library of playful, hands-on activities to try at home with kids.
podcast


 












      advance tickets/reservations are highly recommended for ma school vacation week, saturday 2/15-sunday, 2/23.
      
























 



 


 


 


 


 


 


 








play. explore. learn.







steam





podcast





power of play





helping hands





playspace





virtual tour




 















summer camp registration now open!
boston children’s museum’s explore it summer camp offers a unique opportunity for children to form friendships, learn through hands-on activities, exercise their imaginations, and discover through play and exploration. spots are limited; register today!








national engineers week
monday, february 17th through sunday, february 23rd
it's national engineers week at the museum! engineers work with others to solve problems for people, communities, and animals. be an engineer as you try various activities and challenges throughout february vacation week that inspire you to explore, create, test, and try again!













at the museum january 18–may 4, 2025—get your tickets today!
boston children’s museum is proud to host daniel tiger’s neighborhood: a grr-ific exhibit! this exhibit brings to life the themes presented in the award-winning pbs kids television series created by the fred rogers company that follows the adventures of 4-year-old daniel tiger and his friends.








snowmazing is back at boston children’s museum!
explore the polar playground and lots more wintertime fun this season. snowmazing is open now through february 23rd – get your tickets today!














playspace – just for 0-3 year olds!
playspace is a special experience created just for little ones ages birth to 3 years and their adults to play, discover, connect, and wonder! from cooking up a pretend snack and driving a toddler-sized jeep, to climbing hills and crossing a wobbly bridge, playspace is where very young children learn about themselves and the world around them. infants and crawlers have a special spot too—a shoes-off area for the very littlest learners and their adults to explore together!








play: more important than ever for kids.
play is vital the healthy development of children, but is increasingly squeezed out of kid's lives. the report from the american academy of pediatrics examines the singular opportunity that play presents for the cognitive, physical, social-emotional health of children. 















2024 museum play survey results

                see the results of the museum and bostonmoms.com 2024 play survey. thank you to all who took the time to tell us about how your family is playing! 
                







beyond the chalkboard for afterschool and out of school learning


                beyond the chalkboard is an online resource for building skills and knowledge outside of school. discover hundreds of activities covering science, math, art, engineering, health and space. activities were created to use mostly easy to find, inexpensive materials—many of which you probably already have. 
                












online games

                build your own museum, test your memory through matching, create a fun mad lib, and more!
                







at-home activities for kids

                view our growing archive of play and learning activities that you can enjoy at home.
                







museum collection

                come explore our over 100-year-old collection that includes items from all around the world.
                






this month in the art lab









hours

                    
                     
 wednesday-sunday 9:00am-4:00pm
**on the first saturday of each month, the museum opens at 10:00am.



location
308 congress st.
                        boston, ma 02210
map & directions



about
accessibility
blog
boston stories
careers
collections




consulting
contact
history
newsletter
newsroom
podcast




boston children's museum social media links

instagram
linkedin
twitter
facebook
youtube


boston children's museum gratefully acknowledges the generous support of our sponsors:



							media partner
						





























 











japanese house 


























age: 6-8     category: culture and identity 



welcome to the japanese house! walk down the street, take off your shoes, and step into an authentic two-story silk merchant’s home from kyoto, japan. the japanese house was transported piece by piece from kyoto and reconstructed here in boston by japanese carpenters. families can explore every corner of the fully-equipped home. japanese family life, customs, ceremonies, art, architecture, and seasonal events are all highlighted in this fully functional 100-year-old house inside the museum. this house was a gift to the city of boston from the city of kyoto on the 20th anniversary of their sister city relationship in 1979. come explore this rare and very special landmark.learn more about the japanese house 







 
next exhibit
































dinos in space 











age: 4-5, 6-8       category: play! 



how far can your imagination take you? it’s dinosaurs in space! and it’s just as fun, creative, and silly as you imagine. enter a space dome and create a landscape for dinosaurs, design a new constellation, send an inter-galactic message, and dress up a dinosaur for a space flight. start with the question “what if…?” and see where your imagination and creativity go next! 











 
next exhibit





















japanese house gallery 


























age: 6-8      category: art 



adjacent to the japanese house, an authentic 1880s house from kyoto, japan, this gallery space explores contemporary stories of japan, especially of the vibrant and multifaceted lives and expressions of youth. using art and culture as vehicles, local and international artists, storytellers, and curators co-create a culturally responsive gallery space that invites visitors to build empathy. shared narratives are authentic and complex, bringing more appreciation to the lived experiences of each individual. children and their grownups are encouraged to experience imagination and belonging in the japanese house gallery. this small space has a large mission!learn about the current japanese house gallery exhibition. 






 


 
 




x

 

























































