



wikisource, the free library

























jump to content







main menu





main menu
move to sidebar
hide



		navigation
	


main pagecommunity portalcentral discussionrecent changessubject indexauthorsrandom workrandom authorrandom transcriptionhelpspecial pages





		display options
	




















search











search






















appearance
















donate

create account

log in








personal tools





donate create account log in





		pages for logged out editors learn more



contributionstalk



























main page










main pagediscussion





english

















readview sourceview history







tools





tools
move to sidebar
hide



		actions
	


readview sourceview history





		general
	


what links hererelated changespermanent linkpage informationcite this pageget shortened urldownload qr code





		print/export
	


download as pdfprintable version





		in other projects
	


wikimedia commonswikimedia foundationmediawikimeta-wikiwikimedia outreachmultilingual wikisourcewikispecieswikibookswikidatawikifunctionswikimaniawikinewswikipediawikiquotewikiversitywikivoyagewiktionarywikidata item





















appearance
move to sidebar
hide








from wikisource








welcome to wikisource,
the free library that anyone can improve.
634,647 texts in english



site index
community portal
news
sandbox


wikisource – the free library – is a wikimedia foundation project to create a growing free content library of source texts, as well as translations of source texts in any language.



february’s featured text





grab a download!

evangeline, a tale of acadie (1847) is an epic poem by the american poet henry wadsworth longfellow. it follows an acadian girl named evangeline and her search for her lost love gabriel during the time of the expulsion of the acadians, the forced removal of inhabitants of the north american region historically known as acadia by britain during the french and indian war (1754–1763). the poem had a powerful effect in defining both acadian history and identity in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. it represents lost loved ones and heartbreak but also keeping hope.
statue of evangeline in st. martinville

this is the forest primeval. the murmuring pines and the hemlocks,
bearded with moss, and in garments green, indistinct in the twilight,
stand like druids of eld, with voices sad and prophetic,
stand like harpers hoar, with beards that rest on their bosoms.
loud from its rocky caverns, the deep-voiced neighbouring ocean
speaks, and in accents disconsolate answers the wail of the forest.


(read on...)
or see all featured texts.


current collaborations



the monthly challenge for february  contains 71 works. you can help by reading the guide and contributing to the current challenge.

this month: 
pages processed: 2320 (77.3% of target)
avg. pages/day: 155
yesterday: 131

last month: 
pages processed: 5726 (190.9% of target)
avg. pages/day: 185











the current proofread of the month is towards a new architecture (1927) by le corbusier.
recent collaborations: precious stones, a warning to the curious and other ghost stories, a grammar and vocabulary of the language of new zealand, little fuzzy, creation by evolution, recollections of full years, the heart of jainism, the silent prince, a journey to lhasa and central tibet, the tower




new texts

the appari news (issue 45) (1901)by allan gray and ed collins
all around the bay of passamaquoddy (1897)by albert samuel gatschet
ravensdene court (1922)by joseph smith fletcher
design for a doll (u. s. patent d47789) (1915)by john barton gruelle
volpone; or, the fox (1606)by ben jonson
raggedy ann's alphabet book (1925)by johnny gruelle
steppenwolf (1929)by hermann hesse, translated by basil creighton

a partial listing of some newly-added texts (add to this list)see other works added this year


highlights
poetry from  ancient and medieval to romantic and modern, in love and war
texts, laws, constitutions of many countries
documents from us history, including revolution and civil war
us law: supreme court decisions, government documents, presidential addresses
general literature: modern novels and short stories, horror stories, children’s literature, science fiction, drama
original, encyclopedic, popular articles on relativity, physics, biology, and other sciences


explore wikisource

authors – index

by era
by genre
by nationality
by type

works – index

by era
by genre
by subject
by type
subject index



sister projects
wikisource is hosted by the wikimedia foundation, a non-profit organization which also hosts other free-content projects:














imagine a world in which every single human being can freely share in the sum of all knowledge. that's our commitment. and we need your help: contribute to our projects, or make a donation. donations are primarily used for site maintenance and software improvements.







retrieved from "https://en.wikisource.org/w/index.php?title=main_page&oldid=14747043"




77 languages




العربيةঅসমীয়াazərbaycancabasa balibikol centralбеларускаябългарскиবাংলাbrezhonegbosanskicatalàčeštinacymraegdanskdeutschελληνικάesperantoespañoleestieuskaraفارسیsuomiføroysktfrançaisgalegoગુજરાતીעבריתहिन्दीhrvatskimagyarհայերենbahasa indonesiaíslenskaitaliano日本語jawaქართულიಕನ್ನಡ한국어latinalimburgsligurelietuviųмакедонскиമലയാളംमराठीbahasa melayuမြန်မာဘာသာnapulitanonederlandsnorskଓଡ଼ିଆਪੰਜਾਬੀpolskipiemontèisportuguêsromânăрусскийसंस्कृतम्саха тылаslovenčinaslovenščinaсрпски / srpskisundasvenskaதமிழ்ತುಳುతెలుగుไทยtürkçeукраїнськаvènetotiếng việtwalonייִדיש中文閩南語 / bân-lâm-gú

edit links









 this page was last edited on 30 december 2024, at 14:29.
text is available under the creative commons attribution-sharealike license; additional terms may apply.  by using this site, you agree to the terms of use and privacy policy.


privacy policy
about wikisource
disclaimers
code of conduct
developers
statistics
cookie statement
mobile view














search













search





main page




























77 languages


add topic














