





rssy rock, stone & sand yard lorton va landscape supply delivery northern virginia

























































(703) 339-8095
9824 richmond highway,
lorton, va 22079


(703) 339-8096
10133 giles run road,
lorton, va 22079


















toggle navigation
navigation  



home

home
blog
reviews


aggregates

gravel
sand
road salt & coarse sand
aggregate calculator


hardscaping

pavers
retaining walls


natural stone


palletized stone
stone veneer
building stones
boulders
steppers & risers
stone pallets


flagstone 

dimensional flagstone
irregular flagstone


materials 

mulch topsoil compost blends
super sacks
sod grass
mulch calculator


outdoor living

fire pits & fire places
landscape lighting
seasoned firewood


landscape accessories 
contact us

email form
service / delivery area










































family owned since 1971 rock, stone and sand yard (rssy) has served the northern virginia and the dc metro area and earned a reputation for on-site expertise and impeccable service. with easy access to i-95, our huge inventory and hard-working staff is available for you as a trusted source and selection of manufactured and raw landscape materials including gravel, sand, mulch, topsoil, compost, natural stone, flagstone, boulders, stone veneers and interlocking pavers from belgard, nicolock and more. come on in and explore!





two locations to serve you

stone yard:

9824 richmond highway lorton, va 22079


product showroom & stone yard:

10133 giles run road lorton va, 22069









bring your projects to life!





aggregates – gravel, sand, road salt

gravel is used for roads, driveways, parking lots and also be used to make roofing shingles; as landscape materials and for water filtration. rock salt is used on icy roads in the winter for enhanced traction. sand comes in very fine grains and is used in playgrounds, volleyball courts, golf course bunkers and sandboxes. river and decorative rocks come is sizes from 0.5 to 5 inches is diameter.
view more




hardscaping – pavers, retaining walls

hardscaping refers to hard landscape materials used to build environmental structures that are incorporated into a landscape. this can include paved areas, driveways, retaining walls, decorative walls, stairs, walkways, and any other landscaping made up of hard wearing materials such as stone and concrete. rssy stocks a large inventory of stone and concrete pavers and interlocking units.
view more




natural stones – building, veneer, steppers, boulders

harvested in the blue ridge mountains of north carolina, the carolina collection is a group of natural stone products with 10 distinct colors offered in 4 styles (or cuts), making it easy to compare and choose the perfect stone for your project. the products in this collection are also available in medium or full-bed thickness, as well as landscape products such as flagstone and decorative boulders.
view more






mulch & topsoil – topsoil, mulch, compost

rssy provides premium double shredded hardwood mulch, black mulch, walnut brown mulch, red mulch, pine mulch, rssy blend compost, leaf compost, and quality topsoil for all your landscape projects. typically, our topsoil is sifted and screened to remove sticks, rocks, or other contaminants. call us for delivery and pick-up details.
view more




outdoor living – fire pits, fireplaces, lighting, firewood 

one area of the home to come the furthest in terms of design over the years is the outdoor living space. these were once just spaces to place a patio furniture set and maybe a grill. but these days, people are including televisions, entire kitchens (including the kitchen sink) and dining areas fit for a restaurant. renovate your backyard for maximum year-round enjoyment with a patio and firepit combination.
view more




flagstone – cut / dimensional, irregular

flagstone is one of the best materials for patios primarily due to its narrow packed joints that allow water to permeate instead of running off. flagstone patios also have a very natural, organic look due to their shape and earthy shades of browns, reds, grays and blues. flagstone provides a durable and naturally slip-resistant patio surface that will last for years.
view more










delivery / service locations

at rock stone and sand yard (rssy) we provide builders, landscape contractors and homeowners in northern virginia with an amazing selection of landscape materials and accessories. we deliver/service the following locations. if you do not see your location please call our office. we can deliver outside our delivery/service area for additional fees depending on the job.



 

annandale, alexandria, arlington, ashton heights, barcroff, bell haven, buckingham, burke, centreville, chantilly, clifton, dale city, dominion hills, dunn loring, fairfax, fairfax station, falls church, fort belvoir, fort hunt, franconia, great falls, groveton, herndon, huntington, hybla valley, idylwood, jefferson, lake barcroff, lincolnia, lorton, manassas, mclean, merrifield, mount vernon, occoquan, newington, north springfield, oakton, pimmit hills, reston, rose hill, seven corners, tysons corner, vienna, west springfield, williamsburg, woodbridge, stafford

 



annandale


alexandria


arlington


ashton heights


barcroff


bell haven


buckingham


burke


centreville


chantilly


clifton


dale city


dominion hills


dunn loring


fairfax


fairfax station


falls church


fort belvoir


fort hunt


franconia


great falls


groveton


herndon


huntington


hybla valley


idylwood


jefferson


lake barcroff


lincolnia


lorton


manassas


mclean


merrifield


mount vernon


occoquan


newington


north springfield


oakton


pimmit hills


reston


rose hill


seven corners


tysons corner


vienna


west springfield


williamsburg


woodbridge


stafford










rock stone and sand yard

home
aggregates
hardscaping
natural stone
flagstone

mulches, soil, compost, blends
sod grass
outdoor living
landscape accessories
contact us










9824 richmond highway, lorton, va 22079 | (703) 339-8095
hours of operation:
monday - friday: 7:00am - 4:00pm
  saturday: 7:00am - 12:00pm

10133 giles run road, lorton, va 22079 | (703) 339-8096
hours of operation: 
monday - friday: 7:00am - 4:00pm
saturday: 7:00am - 12:00pm




“spruce up your yard with our
premium mulch, topsoil, or compost selections”





cwr0224m




