






ross morton - reassurer author mentor





























































 






 skip to navigation
skip to content

ross mortonreassurer author mentor 

cart
checkout
my account
 


search for:

search


 
 
menu
about

santa claus parade
loma education award


services

expert opinion
spoken word appearances
insurance industry consulting
risk management and operational reviews


words

it never made sense!
again, does it make sense?
articles
speeches


shop
about
services
words
shop
contact
cart
checkout
my account
 



$0.00 0 items



 













ross passed away peacefully during a gentle snowfall in late 2018 after a tough battle with cancer. ross will be remembered for his kind spirit and dedication to his community. whether serving on boards, taking leadership roles within local hockey organizations, fighting for environmental conservation in the kawarthas or being chief clown at the original santa claus parade, he demonstrated how to truly put the needs of others before himself and how to give back without expecting anything in return.

he will live on forever in our hearts through memories of classic “ross moments” and his legacy of giving.

ross morton spent over 40 years in the life reinsurance world and throughout that time played a very visible role in the life insurance industry in canada and the world. ross made the transition from executive of major international companies to independent advisor very easily. his services, best described as mentor, advisor and reassurer, were available globally to companies, governments or individuals wanting assistance with a variety of specific tasks from the life broker producer to the most senior of executives in insurers.

ross was awarded the loma education award at the 2005 loma conference in orlando, florida. he is the 22nd winner of the award that “was created more than 20 years ago and recognizes outstanding contributions to loma’s professional education programs. it is the highest honour loma can bestow on an individual in the insurance and financial services industry.” ross was very committed to the educational opportunities through loma and through his own teachings.







it never made sense!


11 years since his first book and 70 years in the making, ross is back with his anticipated second book and a new revelation... it never made sense!

buy the book







featured products

again, does it make sense?
sale!
$39.99 $19.99
read more

again, does it make sense? (ebook edition)
$9.99
buy on amazon

it never made sense!
$18.50
add to cart











recent


“resolved: underwriters must be increasingly prudent in their …”


is there life after underwriting? ( a history lesson perhaps?)


hate to be critical of one’s hosts, but …


financial underwriting, why bother?


jumbo limits compensating for terrible administration


 

testimonials “ross morton is unique. in the 20+ years i have known him, he has shown unassailable integrity, tremendous depth in his field,  the ability to stand apart from the crowd when the facts support that decision , and a willingness to share with people to help them grow and become better stewards of the industry. just knowing him makes me a better person and  a better practitioner.”
— julian n. wise, tep

 

tagsactuary
administration
advisor
agency
claims
jumbo limits
legal
life marketing
management
numerical rating system
pricing
underwriting
 

contact contact ross

followview ross-a-morton’s profile on facebookview ross-morton’s profile on linkedinview rossmortonram’s profile on youtube 


			© ross morton 2025						
built with storefront & woocommerce.					



my account 

search 

search for:

search


 



0







 

 




























