



botox dermal fillers beauty treatment anti ageing aesthetic surgery london | botox in kent






















































- home
                          - about liinzi & ljc
                          - clinic opening times
                          - media appointments
                          - read testimonials 









 











wrinkle relaxing injections
aquamid
radiesse 
restylane
evolence
juvéderm ultra
teosyal range
hydra fill
esthelis
sculptra
mesolis range

peels

skin tech
la peel
icp concept peel
unideep blue peel

mesotherapy

face antiageing
cellulite & localised removal treatment
facial mesotherapy
(double chin, under-eye fat bags)

skincare

skinceuticals
skinmedica
susan posnick
environ
semi-permanent cosmetic make-up
paramedical semi-permanent cosmetic make-up


for other products & treatments click here










 









 
						  - general enquiries
                          - maps, locations & contact details
                          - make an appointment
                          - write a testimonial
                          - learn at the ljc beauty training school
                          - learn at the ljc aesthetic beauty school  









 





welcome to the liinzijames clinic








this website is designed to allow you to obtain information about liinzi yule, and the liinzijames clinic ltd, a uk leader in aesthetic & cosmetic beauty.
'liinzi has the best aesthetic sense of any practitioner i have ever met' 
quote from sasha: an independent american researcher)
for
a "non corporate" look at research on different dermal
fillers including 
a large section on aquamid, and also a personal recommendation for liinzi please see sasha's website.
liinzi has a huge amount of experience within the medical profession, working as an a&e nurse and also a dental hygienist before successfully qualifying as a beauty therapist. liinzi regularly travels all over the world attending antiageing seminars and conferences and is always at the forefront of the latest antiageing techniques and best practices.

liinzi now specialises in medical aesthetics and is an approved practitioner within the boroughs of kensington, london and bromley, kent, so it’s easy to visit us – wherever you are coming from.  with this level of experience clients are safe in the knowledge that they are being treated by a professional, who is able to prescribe the most suitable course of treatment or product range to their requirements.  due to this level of care the clinic enjoys a substantial and ever-expanding client portfolio, both local, uk and international. this is also why so many of today’s aesthetic and cosmetic beauty specialists in the uk have been trained by liinzi.









         liinzi
is pleased to announce three exciting new partnerships!

dr philippe chout,
a specialist in reconstructive & cosmetic surgery. dr chout's aim is to create
beauty in the most simple and natural way possible.
bedford clinic at hazel kaye,
a beauty therapist & hair
care specialist voted the #1 salon in the uk by top sante
magazine.

therapist sandra bailey, sandra brings her unique talent to offer you:semi-permanent makeup, eyelash extensions and eyebrow threading






botox london

if you are searching for a reputed clinic that provides botox in london, the liinzi james clinic ltd should be your ideal choice. it is run by liinzi, who has over 25 years experience with botox in london and surrounding areas and is reputed for providing an exceptional and personal service.

dermal fillers london

for a non-surgical cosmetic treatment such as dermal fillers london is the proud home of one of the leaders for cosmetic treatments in the united kingdom. the liinzi james clinic ltd is considered, as one of the pioneering cosmetic beauty centres for dermal fillers in london.

beauty treatment london

the strains and stresses of modern lifestyle can take a heavy toll on your skin. some of the best beauty treatment london offers is at the liinzi james clinic ltd, run by liinzi, a professional beauty therapist with over 25 years in the beauty treatment london industry.

botox kent

it is now much easier to book your appointments now for the latest services of botox kent has to offer. to reverse the signs of ageing and reducing wrinkles, one of the leading centres for botox kent has is the liinzi james clinic ltd.

aesthetic surgery london

reduce the damage caused by the sun and rigours of everyday life by visiting the leading aesthetic surgery london is home to. the liinzi james clinic ltd has three locations in the london area and is considered one of the best centres of aesthetic surgery in london.

anti ageing london

to help you get a healthy skin that glows and looks the very best, a leading centre for anti ageing in london is the liinzi james clinic ltd. it is one of the most respected anti ageing london clinics known for providing effective and safe treatment.
we operate in beckenham, bedford, bedfordshire, bromley, croydon, kent, knightsbridge and london.





























                                                copyright © the liinzi james clinic 2005 | site disclaimer | xml sitemap | html sitemap | rss feed | search engine optimisation










