








maybeck.com




 











change the world

				margaret mead said "never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, 
				committed citizens can change the world. indeed, it is the only 
				thing that ever has."

				you can help save the world by supporting organizations that work 
				to make the world better, and by shopping at responsible merchants 
				with an eco-conscience.






						please help support 
						best friends animal sanctuary. located in kanab utah, 
						this amazing organization works with humane groups all across 
						the country -- to bring about a time when there are no more 
						homeless pets. 







data - data aims to raise 
						awareness about, and spark response to the crises swamping 
						africa: unpayable debts, uncontrolled spread of aids, and 
						unfair trade rules which keep africans poor.
  








						the box project - their mission is to encourage and 
						enrich the lives of families and individuals living in poverty 
						in rural america by establishing meaningful relationships, 
						promoting education, and offering material aid. right now, 
						in the richest country in the world, 37 million americans 
						are living in a state of poverty, hunger and hardship. i have personally been a box project sponsor
						for many years, and it has been an amazing experience. it will change your perspective forever.
						








gardening
thunder ridge gardens
					- purchase flower, vegetable, and herb seeds and plants, and organic pest controls from parks seed,
					wayside gardens, gardens alive! and more. 



more fun sites




prepper gear - survival supplies & know-how including
first aid, emergency tools, pet emergency supplies, radios, food, flashlights and lanterns, survival kits and backpacks

 
litigation watch
					- litigation reference listings
					 










						the nature conservancy - the mission of the nature conservancy 
						is to preserve the plants, animals and natural communities 
						that represent the diversity of life on earth by protecting 
						the lands and waters they need to survive.
  








						the rainforest site - over one acre of rainforest disappears 
						every second. by clicking on this link you can help save 
						rainforests for free. their sponsors donate money for each 
						click. they also have a wonderful selection of eco-friendly 
						products for sale. 








						the animal rescue site - the animal rescue site was 
						founded to help feed and care for some of the 27 million 
						unwanted animals given to shelters in the us every year. 
						site sponsors pay for all funding, which benefits three 
						leading animal welfare charities: the fund for animals, 
						petfinder.com foundation and north shore animal league america.
						








						seed savers exchange - seed savers exchange is a nonprofit 
						organization that saves and shares the heirloom seeds of 
						our garden heritage, forming a living legacy that can be 
						passed down through generations. when people grow and save 
						seeds, they join an ancient tradition as stewards, nurturing 
						our diverse, fragile, genetic and cultural heritage.
						










