



lenape forged products - we can forge it for you.


























 













contact sales
sales@lenapeforge.com



phone number
(610)793-5090











menu



home 

about

about us
facilities
capabilities chart
materials forged
about asmg



products

manways
custom forgings
product capabilities



markets

power
defense 
aerospace



capabilities

tooling & forging
machining 
heat treating
program management



quality

quality assurance
accreditations


contact 




















if it exists and it's forgeable,
we can forge itfor you.

                                
            
                                the name lenape has been synonymous with quality custom forgings for over 90 years, 
                                near net shape forgings developed here, continue to be our focus.
                                today, lenape forged products corporation provides the same quality, skill, and craftsmanship
                                using time-tried concepts along with the willingness to further push the boundaries of what
                                known materials can be forged to become.   we will continue to innovate shapes and configurations.
learn more















asmg podcast

reshore - a critical view from china and the usa


                                the podcast gives an objective discussion by china manufacturing expert dr. eamon mckinney and us based reshoring champion harry moser. the view from china by dr. mckinney who is a renown sinologist will give you a rarely discussed understanding of how the chinese are actively decoupling from the us, canada and other allied countries, so are in many cases forcing north american companies to reconsider their supply chain strategy.
                            
watch the podcast


















welcome to lenape forged products, corp.
elevating our standards. meeting your needs.
                          
                            
known for our consistency and timeliness in the industry, we repeatedly meet our client's forging and manufacturing needs.

                      lenape forged products corporation, a part of the aerospace and specialty metals group, provides solutions to the more complex and demanding
metal requirements needed to operate america's military, aerospace, and power generation needs.
                            














doing business with us

as 9100 9001, nadcap, niac, asme, ped & mil-spec certified.


                           at lenape forged products and asmg, you will find a group of experienced sourcing, metallurgical, engineering, and program management specialists whose dedication, determination, and care have made us an indispensable source for the leading us defense and aerospace providers and their critical applications.   
discuss your project









a wide range of custom products

products & capabilities









custom forgings

                           the name lenape has been synonymous with quality custom forgings for over 90 years. today, lenape forged products corporation provides the quality, skill and craftsmanship using modern technology and up-to-date facilities to produce custom forgings for the most sophisticated applications. 
                           learn more 







manways

                             lenape offers a complete line of standard manways in a wide range of sizes. we have achieved a level of perfection with our manufacturing of manways. generations of skilled lenape craftsmen developed and evolved the techniques and unique skills that gave our manways their sound reputation.
                                                   learn more 







operations

                 

lenape forged products corporation has become the go-to source for many well-known firms. we are known not just for quality, but for creating custom products efficiently and cost effectively as well as creating standard products that are the bench-marks for performance in many industries.

                              learn more 












outstanding material versatility

materials forged





steel types

                                       ferrous metals: carbon steel, stainless steel and alloys of all types.
                                   
                                               materials forged 



non-ferrous

                                        non-ferrous metals: titantium and aluminum.
                             materials forged 





nickel / copper

                                       specializing in high nickel steel, monel, copper and copper alloys.
                                   materials forged 



capabilities  chart

                                        see our in-house capabilities by type, shape and weight.
                               view chart 

















lenape forged products corp.
abating chinese supply chain risks

much has been recently written about the fragility of global supply chains. covid 19, the trade war, increasing tariffs,
and a sliding dollar have all been cited as good reasons to revisit the rationale of global sourcing and consider re-shoring.
what has not been written about is the situation on the ground in china. 

               the industrial supply base in china is in
turmoil, many manufacturing companies have gone out of business, and many more are on the verge of doing so. it is
anticipated that 30% of these companies will be gone in a matter of months, most truly informed observers consider
that figure optimistic.


                            
read full document on abating supply chain risks











if we can't do it, we'll suggest someone who can.
discuss your requirements.



email us




 







                                   at lenape, you’ll find a team of highly trained metallurgists, engineers, technicians and managers whose skill, dedication and care have made us the go-to source for many of the world’s top companies for their critical applications.
                                


contact us today to discuss your project
610-793-5090






popular

power
defense 
aerospace
tooling
heat treating
machining
contact





important links



 lenape has established a quality assurance system that is administered by an independent department.



we manufacture two groups of products: custom-forged components and standard inventoried products.



because of our extensive capabilities, lenape has become the go-to source for many well-known firms.












                           © lenape forged products corporation - developed by first light design

































