



































































ravalli republic | breaking news | | read hamilton, mt and montana breaking news. get latest news, events and information on montana sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















25°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



wildfires



crime



state & regional



406 politics



business



education



nation & world



history



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



columnists



cartoons



editorials




sports


high school



college



professional



betting




lifestyles


event calendar



movies & tv



music



comics



games



play



arts & theatre



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



outdoors


brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



advertising info



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires









25°
cloudy
























        
        
            montana senate kills bill to require ten commandments in every public school classroom

a lindsay republican's bill that sought to require the ten commandments be posted in every public school classroom in montana was shot down saturday in a 24-26 senate vote.

















        
        
            gianforte office controls an unrestricted interest fund worth $86 million, and counting

some of the money went toward the senate's judicial oversight committee. other funding went toward a state-funded building purchase, property tax rebate mailers and national guard recruiting efforts.

















        
        
            bitterroot valley author's new novel is a 'good samaritan crime spree'

marty essen’s new book features a road trip from the twin cities to everglades city, and includes elements of humor and realism, such as characters stealing a truckload of spam.

















        
        
            here are latest updates on property tax bills working through the 2025 montana legislature

lawmakers are weighing several bills that would impact montana's property taxes. find the latest updates on those bills here:

















        
        
            trump reportedly fires roughly 360 u.s. forest service workers in montana

a union representing federal workers accused the trump administration of laying off employees in order to "pay for tax cuts for the wealthy."

















        
        
            bill package seeking to address montana climate change court decision clears first hurdle

deq director sonja nowakowski said the department and administration supported the republicans’ efforts to respond to the held ruling in the face of rising energy costs in the west.

















        
        
            state rep. accuses 'big tobacco' companies of lobbying violations at montana legislature

rep. ron marshall claims two of the tobacco industry's largest players have been violating a settlement agreement to not engage in lobbying activities that would reduce youth access to products. 










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            opposition to a four-day school week vocal in florence


















        
        
            breakfast is booming at us restaurants. is it also contributing to high egg prices?



















        
        
            hamilton neighbors: obituaries for february 16















                
                the latest



















        
        
            hamilton neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published in ravalli republic 




















        
        
            history with phil: possum trot's story a testament to the power of compassion

the bennett chapel missionary baptist church in possum trot, texas, stands as an extraordinary example of faith-driven compassion and commitment.





















        
        
            hamilton neighbors: obituaries for february 15

read through the obituaries published in ravalli republic 




















        
        
            ‘what a beautiful thing’: woman dedicates herself to organ donations after son’s heart transplant

as a montana organ recovery coordinator, megan truman spends a lot of time helping grieving families. organ donation is a beautiful gift, she said, and the donor and family deserve respect.












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            2025 billings west wrestling montana state championship round highlights




















        
        
            highlights: 2025 montana girls wrestling state champions




















        
        
            2025 mhsa state all-class wrestling tournament parade of finalists




















        
        
            billings west's zach morse becomes a 4-time montana state wrestling champion












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            montana state bobcats indoor track and field breaks three records over 'memorable weekend'

"after i was done competing, i broke down when hugging my parents because i felt this weight lift off of me." colby wilson, who broke his own pole vault record




















        
        
            full court press: montana high school basketball highlights (feb. 15)

highlights and high scorers from high school basketball games around montana.





















        
        
            2025 billings west wrestling montana state championship round highlights

in addition to morse, six other golden bears wrestlers won state championships on saturday night at the metra. 




















        
        
            state aa wrestling: billings west wins 3rd-straight crown and bears' zach morse joins 4-timer club

golden bears 7 of 8 in championship round; morse receives standing ovation. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            5 great meatless recipes to work into your rotation — plus some eggless breakfast options

if you're trying to work more vegetables into your meals, here are five great recipes to try (plus some high-protein breakfast options that don't use eggs).




















        
        
            now streaming and on dvd: 'nosferatu' has new reasons to jump

taking f.w. murnau’s film and twisting it ever-so-slightly, eggers finds his groove in a highly gothic world. 




















        
        
            winter sowing in upcycled containers creates stronger seedlings in spring

many people start seeds indoors in late winter to have seedlings ready to plant in spring. but what about starting them outdoors, despite the cold?

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












partner








        
        
            cardio + strength training = the ideal workout combination

get healthy. here’s an explanation of why strength training is so important, and how much of each component it might take to add up to the perfect workout.












partner








        
        
            read the label: how to spot potential dangers in processed foods

get healthy. the u.s. food and drug administration requires nutrition labels on most packaged food items, and gaining a basic understanding of the information they reveal can guide you toward making healthier dietary choices.












partner








        
        
            don’t make yourself sick: check out these tips to avoid foodborne illness

get healthy. according to the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention, foodborne illnesses affect 48 million americans each year.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            state farm paffhausen



                                        1500 harrison, butte, mt 59701
                                    






















        
        
            trademark electric inc



                                        po box 3786 305 w mercury suite 208, butte, mt 59701
                                    






















        
        
            anaconda disposal prepay



                                        110 e pennsylvania, anaconda, mt 59711
                                    




































        
        
            bitterroot's best 2025



















×
















facebook





twitter





youtube









sites & partners


missoulian

autofinder

special publications

get healthy




services


subscribe

e-edition

customer service

contact us

work here

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        ravalli republic, 232 w main st. hamilton, mt 59840
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























