


islam review




















    
	islam review
                   

exposing the devil in the details     - http://islamreview.blogspot.com/ - video1 video2 - 
links





tuesday, may 23, 2006



	 
	 islam spread by the sword
	 
    


lets examine how many 'islam is peace and tolerance' myths can be busted using just one page of the tafsir (explanation of the quran to understand its context) of ibn kathir website at tafsir.com. to understand who ibn kathir was (notice how tafsir.com doesnt even tell who he was because its assumed everyone reading knows who he was), lets look at the wikipedia bio page where it states:tafsir ibn kathir is famous all over the muslim world and among muslims in the western world, and is one of the most widely used explanations of the qu'ran  today. (source)8.39-41 tafsir (source):1) tolerance? the order to fight to eradicate shirk and kufr. on the source page, kufr is defined as disbelief. eradicate disbelief. thats the complete opposite of tolerance. by islamic definition, shirk is 'any type of worship outside of the islamic mold'. this is a direct challenge to 'freedom of religion', because quran 8.39 is saying to eradicate freedom of religion and disbelief, based on their nauseating, zealot, self-proclaimed 'monopoly on truth'. in the tafsir of quran 9.5, this fighting is commanded to be fought 'on the earth in general'. (9.5)then fight and kill the idolators wherever you may find them.' allah's statementnext, (then fight the mushrikin wherever you find them), means, on the earthin general2) spread by the sword and take their money and resources is proven with the statement:i was commanded to fight against the people until they proclaim, `there is no deity worthy of worship except allah.' if and when they say it, they will preserve their blood and wealth from me3) what is the purpose of this fighting? theocratic imperialism. whoever says fighting in islam is only in self defense is lying. "whoever fights so that allah's word is the supreme, is in the cause of allah"4) a non-muslim telling a lie to a muslim is unacceptable, but a muslim telling a lie to a non-muslim is acceptable. this little story below is muhammad detailing how a last minute conversion in the face of death or calamity to save your skin is illigitimate, hence the references to the 'day of resurrection', and that muhammad did not condemn usamah's action.it is recorded in the sahih that the messenger of allah said to usamah bin zayd when he overpowered a man with his sword, after that man proclaimed that there is no deity worthy of worship except allah; (have you killed him after he proclaimed, `la ilaha illallah' what would you do with regard to `la ilaha illallah' on the day of resurrection.) usamah said, "o allah's messenger! he only said it to save himself.'' the messenger replied (did you cut his heart open) the messenger kept repeating, (what would you do with regard to `la ilaha illallah' on the day of resurrection) until usamah said, "i wished i had embraced islam only that day.'' allah said next, (and if they turn away, then know that allah is your protector, an excellentprotector, and an excellent helper!) allah says, if the disbelievers persist in defying and fighting you, then know that allah is your protector, master and supporter against your enemies. verily, what an excellent protector and what an excellent supporter.yet, if the tables are turned, a muslim lying to a non-muslim is acceptable (tafsir of quran 3.28) note the hypocrisy:(unless you indeed fear a danger from them) meaning, except those believers who in some areas or times fear for their safety from the disbelievers. in this case, such believers are allowed to show friendship to the disbelievers outwardly, but never inwardly. for instance, al-bukhari recorded that abu ad-darda' said, "we smile in the face of some people although our hearts curse them.'' al-bukhari said that al-hasan said, "the tuqyah is allowed until the day of resurrection.'' the tafsir of ibn abbas (muhammad's cousin) says: "with your tongues, but not with your hearts". that's called 'lying'.)nice double standard huh? it gets plenty worse believe me. continue reading down the rest of this blog.5) muhammad and islam's profit motive (more like a mafia pyramid scheme) is declared at the bottom of the page:and know that whatever of war booty that you may gain, verily, one-fifth of it is assigned to allah, and to the messenger, and to the near relatives (of the messenger), the orphans, the poor, and the wayfarerfor more dirty politics for financial gain, also note the tafsirs of quran 9.29:the order to fight people of the scriptures until they give the jizyah (source)and if your wondering what jizya is, read the next page:paying jizyah is a sign of kufr and disgrace (source) and an examination of the ' pact of umar '.more islam spread by the swordnotice that by reading the verses from the english translation of the quran below, you might just gloss right over it, because the 'spread by the sword' mentality isnt immediantly apparent.quran 18:83 - and they ask you about dhul-qarnain. say: "i shall recite to you something of his story."18:84 - verily, we established him in the earth, and we gave him the means of everything.18:85 - so he followed a way.---editors note: is 18:85 the 'straight path' muslims claim to be following? if so, note what it recommends/commands them to do as they journey to the furthest reaches of the earth, (or is it the literal end of the flat earth?)---18:86 - until, when he reached the setting place of the sun, he found it setting in a spring of black muddy (or hot) water. and he found near it a people. we (allah) said (by inspiration): "o dhul-qarnain! either you punish them, or treat them with kindness."18:87 - he said: "as for him (a disbeliever in the oneness of allah) who does wrong, we shall punish him; and then he will be brought back unto his lord; who will punish him with a terrible torment.what does this story, and specifically 'we shall punish him' mean? lets go to three islamic tafsirs (explanation of quranic verses) to get some insight, notice how all three tafsirs say to kill:(1) tafsir by ibn kathir (source) :(we (allah) said (by inspiration): "o dhul-qarnayn! either you punish them or treat them with kindness'') means, allah gave him power over them and gave him the choice: if he wanted to, he could kill the men and take the women and children captive, or if he wanted to, he could set them free, with or without a ransom. his justice and faith became apparent in the ruling he pronounced:as for him who does wrong,) meaning who persists in his kufr and in associating others in worship with his lord,(we shall punish him,) qatadah said, i.e., by killing him.(2) tafsir of al-jalalayn (source) :he said, 'as for him who does wrong, by way of [practising] idolatry, we shall chastise him, we shall slay him. then he shall be returned to his lord and he shall chastise him with an awful chastisement (read nukran or nukuran), that is, a severe [one], in the fire.(3) tafsir of ibn ‘abbâs (source) :(he said: as for him who doth wrong) as for him who disbelieves in allah, (we shall punish him) in this worldly life by killing him, (and then he will be brought back unto his lord) in the hereafter, (who will punish him) by means of the fire (with awful punishment!) with a severe punishment.---there you have it. the quran teaches to go out and create murder and mayhem in the name of islam. this is a common theme in the quran. in fact killing and dying in the name of islam is considered the 'supreme success' per quran 9.111quran 9:111 - verily, allah has purchased of the believers their lives and their properties; for the price that theirs shall be the paradise. they fight in allah's cause, so they kill (others) and are killed. it is a promise in truth which is binding on him in the taurat (torah) and the injeel (gospel) and the qur'an. and who is truer to his covenant than allah? then rejoice in the bargain which you have concluded. that is the supreme success.book 019, number 4292: ibn 'aun reported: i wrote to nafi' inquiring from him whether it was necessary to extend (to the disbelievers) an invitation to accept (islam) before m". ing them in fight. he wrote (in reply) to me that it was necessary in the early days of islam. the messenger of allah (may peace be upon him) made a raid upon banu mustaliq while they were unaware and their cattle were having a drink at the water. he killed those who fought and imprisoned others. on that very day, he captured juwairiya bint al-harith. nafi' said that this tradition was related to him by abdullah b. umar who (himself) was among the raiding troops. ------("he killed those who fought" is actually "he killed those who defended themselves.")---book 019, number 4294(excerpt) invite them to (accept) islam; if they respond to you, accept it from them and desist from fighting against them. then invite them to migrate from their lands to the land of muhairs and inform them that, if they do so, they shall have all the privileges and obligations of the muhajirs. if they refuse to migrate, tell them that they will have the status of bedouin muilims and will be subjected to the commands of allah like other muslims, but they will not get any share from the spoils of war or fai' except when they actually fight with the muslims (against the disbelievers). if they refuse to accept islam, demand from them the jizya. if they agree to pay, accept it from them and hold off your hands. if they refuse to pay the tax, seek allah's help and fight them.
                   



posted by cultfree at 4:39 pm
0 comments






monday, may 15, 2006



	 
	 sheer insanity & dhimmitude
	 
    


many muslims and the mainstream media are carefully setting up non-muslims like lambs to the slaughter.here's a typical news headline:study: english muslims face deprivationsthey are more likely to be jobless, have poor housing than other minoritiesassociated (with terrorists) press (source)updated: 8:40 a.m. et may 15, 2006london - muslims are more likely than other religious minorities to be unemployed and live in poor housing in the most deprived parts of england, according to a government study monday.half of english muslims over the age of 25 are not involved in the formal labor market and a third live in the most deprived areas of the country, according to the study commissioned by the government.muslims are also particularly vulnerable to long-term illness and experience poor levels of education, said the researchers from the universities of derby, warwick, birmingham and oxford.“taking the muslim population as a whole, they face some of the most acute conditions of multiple deprivation,” the report said.sticking close togetherthe report said members of the muslim, sikh and hindu communities were likely to remain concentrated in the same areas because families want to stay close together and many prefer to live near their places of worship.a government spokeswoman said the academics had reviewed a variety of data, including information from the 2001 national census.the government will use the study in its work to encourage equal opportunities for members of all religious communities, the spokeswoman said.sir iqbal sacranie, secretary-general of the muslim council of britain, said the research showed the poverty and other deep-seated problems that have contributed to the marginalization and disaffection felt among many young muslims.“we hope that this report serves to highlight the need to develop policies that are able reach into these communities and fulfill their needs,” sacranie said.end of article.----------this article is a typical attempt to portray muslims as persecuted, marginalized, disaffected, discriminated against, etc. deceptive articles like this one from the associated press and carried by major news outlets like msnbc in this case, are why people are rapidly losing trust in the mainstream media. note where the information in the article is partly coming from: (- iqbal sacranie, secretary-general of the muslim council of britain, said - . )remember that a major component of taqiyya is withholding key information, so now let's take a look at what they dont tell you.what they dont tell you:the source of this divisive behaviour comes from islam itself.quran 3.149 - o ye who believe! if ye obey those who disbelieve, they will make you turn back on your heels, and ye turn back as losers.quran 3.151 - we will cast terror into the hearts of those who disbelieve, because they set up with allah that for which he has sent down no authority, and their abode is the fire, and evil is the abode of the unjust.muslims have no intention of assimilating. quite the opposite. its all part of allah's identity theft of 'god', or evils identity theft of good.... however you want to look at it.quran 5.51 - o you who believe! do not take the jews and the christians for friends; they are friends of each other; and whoever amongst you takes them for a friend, then surely he is one of them; surely allah does not guide the unjust people.quran 4.144 - o you who believe! do not take the unbelievers for friends rather than the believers; do you desire that you should give to allah a manifest proof against yourselves?quran 98.6 - verily, those who disbelieve from among the people of the book and the idolaters, will be in the fire of hell, abiding therein. they are the worst of creatures.quran 9.123 - o ye who believe! fight such of the disbelievers as are near to you and let them find hardness in you; and know that allah is with the righteous.---the strategy tactic of 9.123 is like that of a circular ripple effect. the article would like you to believe that the muslims want to keep their families togethor and be close to the mosques, but the real tactic is to band tightly togethor and then expand outward by making life miserable for the non-muslims. the tafsir (explanation) confirms this:tafsir al-jalalayn of quran 9.123o you who believe, fight those of the disbelievers who are near to you, that is, the nearest, followed by the next nearest of them, and let them find harshness in you, that is, severity, in other words, be harsh with them, and know that god is with the pious, helping and granting [them] victory.'helping and granting them victory' is what iqbal sacranie, (secretary-general of the muslim council of britain), has in mind with the statement 'fulfill their needs' in the article. ---quran 8.39 - and fight them until there is no more fitnah (disbelief and polytheism: i.e. worshipping others besides allah) and the religion (worship) will all be for allah alone [in the whole of the world]. but if they cease (worshipping others besides allah), then certainly, allah is all-seer of what they do.this associated (with terrorists) press article carried by msnbc.com (and whoever else) is playing the public for fools! the public should feel severely insulted at this blatant islamic propaganda. read this link below and see from an islamic website that muslims consider non-muslims guilty of worse than murder simply for existing:http://inshallahshaheed.wordpress.com/2006/11/13/al-walaa-wal-baraa-part-2-hating-all-non-muslims-for-their-shirk/quran 4.101 - and when you journey in the earth, there is no blame on you if you shorten the prayer, if you fear that those who disbelieve will cause you distress, surely the unbelievers are your open enemy. quran 28.86 - and you were not expecting that the book (this qur'an) would be sent down to you, but it is a mercy from your lord. so never be a supporter of the disbelievers.quran 9.29 - fight against those who (1) believe not in allah, (2) nor in the last day, (3) nor forbid that which has been forbidden by allah and his messenger (4) and those who acknowledge not the religion of truth (i.e. islam) among the people of the scripture (jews and christians), until they pay the jizyah with willing submission, and feel themselves subdued.and feel themselves subdued??? and they have the nerve to claim they are being marginalized???!!!!! again, this associated (with terrorists) press article is pure islamic propoganda. the arabic word used in 9.29 is 'saghiroona'. for reference, note that in quran 27.37 is it also used in context of disgraced, humiliated, shame, humbled. see 9.29 and 27.37 here. another fine example of islamic perpetual victims syndrome is pointed out here. dont let a muslim tell you jizya is 'just a tax'. it is a symbol of humiliation and degradation as demonstrated in the weblink below.paying jizyah is a sign of kufr and disgrace (source)jizyah is 'protection money' just like the mafia. see it referenced as 'protection' (protection from who? from the muslims of course!) inbook 19, number 2955: he fixed stipends for muslims, and provided protection for the people of other religions by levying jizyah (poll-tax) on them .book #19, hadith #3031: he spared his life and made peace with him on condition that he should pay jizyah (poll-tax).book #34, hadith #425: jizya (a tax taken from the non-muslims, who are in the protection, of the muslim government). book #53, hadith #386: our prophet, the messenger of our lord, has ordered us to fight you till you worship allah alone or give jizya (i.e. tribute); and our prophet has informed us that our lord says:-- "whoever amongst us is killed (i.e. martyred), shall go to paradise to lead such a luxurious life as he has never seen, and whoever amongst us remain alive, shall become your master." book #019, hadith #4294: if they refuse to accept islam, demand from them the jizya.muslims will say this is something that doesnt apply anymore, yet their texts contradict that:sahih bukhari volume 3, book 43, number 656:narrated abu huraira:allah's apostle said, "the hour will not be established until the son of mary (i.e. jesus) descends amongst you as a just ruler, he will break the cross, kill the pigs, and abolish the jizya tax. money will be in abundance so that nobody will accept it (as charitable gifts).its interesting how muslims want to be percieved as persecuted and marginalized when their very own islamic texts tell them to persecute and marginalize all others. (side note: hijab and burqas for women are similar to jizya in a symbolic sense because they provide a visual seperation to identify which women are not to be harassed by muslim men. source: islamic tafsir)quran 9.33 - he it is who hath sent his messenger with the guidance and the religion of truth, that he may cause it to prevail over all religion, however much the nonbelievers may be averse. note the word 'religion' in 9:33. there is no seperation of 'church and state' in islam, therefor, the plan is to stuff political islam down you and your children's throats whether you like it or not. the associated (with terrorists) press, msnbc.com, whatever other news outlet carried this story (and ones like it), and iqbal sacranie, (secretary-general of the muslim council of britain), would really appreciate your support and dhimmitude. ponder this: does iqbal sacranie care about what the people of britain think, or the 'great reward' promised in quran 4.74? quran 4.74 - let those then fight on the path of allah, who barter this present life for that which is to come; for whoever fighteth on allah's path, whether he be slain or conquer, we will in the end give him a great reward. i'm sure iqbal sacranie, in his fancy suit and tie, will find some gullible suckers to help pave his way to 'great reward'. pure deception, zealotry and propaganda. dont fall for it.it never ends. read more here and here.read the pact of umar . note how it is the enforcement of quran 9.29, and is a prime reason why conflict follows muslims wherever they go. remember that the next time someone tries to portrays islam as a 'spiritual philosophy' or a 'peaceful source of inspiration' (george w. bush - hillary clinton - condoleeza rice). personally i'll never endorse a politician or political party unless i feel they have a true grasp of the motives of political islam.---its blatantly obvious that the way muslims want to be percieved, and what their true motives are, are two different things. a trojan horse virus on your computer works the exact same way. now notice this statement from islam-qa.com discussed here (down near the bottom):showing enmity towards the disbelievers) is one of the basic principles of islam, and one of the most important duties of the believers.http://answering-islam.org.uk/nonmuslims/index.htmread about how taqiyya is used.read about islamic twisted logic.visit the audio and video section here and here.the main page of this site about islam.http://islamreview.blogspot.com/dont be fooled into thinking islam is a 'peaceful religion'. read about malaysia and especially the pact of umar.
                   



posted by cultfree at 9:36 am
0 comments






monday, may 01, 2006



	 
	 pact of umar - islam
	 
    


muslims always try to downplay the the 'pact of umar'. read this from tafsir.com regarding it:do not initiate the salam to the jews and christians, and if you meet any of them in a road, force them to its narrowest alley.) this is why the leader of the faithful `umar bin al-khattab, may allah be pleased with him, demanded his well-known conditions be met by the christians, these conditions that ensured their continued humiliation, degradation and disgrace.  (source)http://www.annaqed.com/english/is/pact_of_umar.html -http://www.annaqed.com/english.htmlhttp://www.fordham.edu/halsall/source/pact-umar.htmlhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pact_of_umarhttp://www.christianitytoday.com/history/newsletter/2002/jul26.htmlthe pact of umar is an agreement between the christians of syria (whom fell under the occupation of the muslim invaders) and umar ibn al-khattab the second successor (khalifa) of muhammad.in this pact, umar agreed to allow the christians to keep practicing their faith with several conditions. muslims claim that this pact shows how tolerant islam was in dealing with non-muslims in newly invaded territories.contrary to that claim, this pact was very humiliating to christians, clearly showing how arrogant and oppressive the muslims were in dealing with non-muslims who fell under their rule. although the pact was written to seem like the christians themselves had drafted it, it doesn't take a genius to figure out that the terms were actually dictated on them!sadly, there are some naïve christians who reiterate the muslims' propaganda without ever bothering to read the details of the pact. in fact, some christians are so stupid that they brag about it more than the muslims do! a recently elected christian orthodox patriarch praised the pact in his speech during a reception held in his honor in jordan!the "pact of umar" reflects the general teaching of islam concerning non-muslims, and accordingly, millions of christians continue to live as second class citizens in islamic countries.the following is a translation of the pact:***************the status of non-muslims under muslim rule we heard from 'abdul-rahman ibn ghanam [died in year 78 h. 697 ad.] as follows: when umar ibn al-khattab, may allah be pleased with him, accorded a peace to the christians of syria, we wrote to him as follows:in the name of allah, the merciful and compassionate. this is a letter to the servant of allah umar [ibn al-khattab], commander of the faithful, from the christians of such-and-such a city. when you came against us, we asked you for safe-conduct (aman) for ourselves, our descendants, our property, and the people of our community, and we undertook the following obligations toward you:articles of the pact of umarwe christians:1 - we shall not build, in our cities or in their neighborhood, new monasteries,2 - churches,3 - convents,4 - or monks' cells,5 - nor shall we repair, by day or by night, such of them as fall in ruins6 - or are situated in the quarters of the muslims. . . .7- we shall not give shelter in our churches or in our dwellings to any spy,8 - nor hide him from the muslims. we shall not teach the quran to our children.9 - we shall not manifest our religion publicly10 - nor convert anyone to it.11 - we shall not prevent any of our kin from entering islam if they wish it.12 - we shall show respect toward the muslims, and13 - we shall rise from our seats if they wish to sit.14 - we shall not seek to resemble the muslims by imitating any of their garments, the headgear, the turban, footwear, or the parting of the hair.15 - we shall not speak as they do,16 - nor shall we adopt their honorific names.17 - we shall not mount on saddles,18- nor shall we gird swords nor bear any kind of arms nor carry them on our persons.19 - we shall not engrave arabic inscriptions on our seals.20 - we shall not sell fermented drinks. . . .21 - we shall not display our crosses or our books in the roads or markets of the muslims.22 - we shall only use clappers in our churches very softly.23 - we shall not raise our voices in our church services or in the presence of muslims,24 - nor shall we raise our voices when following our dead.25 - we shall not show lights on any of the roads of the muslims or in their markets.26 - we shall not bury our dead near the muslims.27 - we shall not take slave who have been allotted to the muslims.28 - we shall not build houses over-topping the houses of the muslims. . . .(when i brought the letter to umar, he added, "and we shall not strike a muslim. we accept these conditions for ourselves and for the people of our community, and in return we receive safe-conduct.if we in any way violate these undertakings for which we ourselves stand surety, we forfeit our covenant [dhimma], and we become liable to the penalties for contumacy and sedition.umar ibn al-khittab replied: sign what they ask, but add two clauses and impose them in addition to those which they have undertaken. they are: "they shall not buy anyone made prisoner by the muslims," and "whoever strikes a muslim with deliberate intent shall forfeit the protection of this pact."from al-turtushi's book, siraj al-muluk.
                   



posted by cultfree at 11:09 am
1 comments






wednesday, march 22, 2006



	 
	 islamic twisted logic
	 
    


welcome back to my ongoing series of pointing out the twisted logic of islamic teachings and thought processes. in order to understand this post, one has to understand the islamic concept of bid'a. since finding a defacto definition of bid'a is a total mind scramble, we'll go with the reference from the msa at usc website which states the #1 duty and responsibility of the khalifa is:safeguard islam in its original form, and to protect against the introduction of new things (bid'a) into islam.bid'a basically means 'innovation' and is regarded as haraam (illegal, forbidden). its like a constitution where amendments are not allowed. when bicycles first showed up on the black market in saudi arabia, they were declared haraam and fatwas were issued to prevent people from obtaining them. its a well known fact that women cant drive a car in saudi arabia, but did you know it is also forbidden for them to ride a bicycle or jog? believe it.as you can imagine, this went on and on with everything else (cars, televisions, cameras, phones, satelite dishes, radio, etc.) and resistance to innovation permeates cultures influenced by islamic politics and teachings. but those are material goods... how do islamists react to concepts? well...since i dont bother with lightweight fluff, lets dig into some serious human rights issues. in promoting islam; kidnapping, enslavement, murder, rape and seizing the possessions of whomever they decide is the 'enemy of allah' isnt regarded as immoral, sinful or barbaric. in fact these are teachings of islam and changing this would be bid'a.i'll prove my points.on the topic of rape:you cant show me an islamic sharia law legal source where rape is considered an across the board illegal act. it doesnt exist. it doesnt exist in the quran therefor making such a declaration would be bid'a. the concept of 'rape is rape' doesnt exist in islam.marry a woman you own: quran 4.3 - if ye fear that ye shall not be able to deal justly with the orphans, marry women of your choice, two or three or four; but if ye fear that ye shall not be able to deal justly (with them), then only one, or (a captive) that your right hands possess, that will be more suitable, to prevent you from doing injustice.sex with a new captive or existing slave: quran 4.24 confirms this with this statement: also (forbidden for sex are) women already married, except those (captives and slaves) whom your right hands possess.this is confirmed by the hadith which the header clearly states in all caps no less:it is permissible to have sexual intercourse with a captive woman after she is purified (of menses or delivery) in case she has a husband, her marriage is abrogated after she becomes captive source chapter 29unmarried sex is permitted with slaves and captives of war (quran 4:24) - (wikipedia -sharia)islamic tafsir (explanation) of al-jalalayn : sourceand, forbidden to you are, wedded women, those with spouses, that you should marry them before they have left their spouses, be they muslim free women or not; save what your right hands own, of captured [slave] girls, whom you may have sexual intercourse with, even if they should have spouses among the enemy camp, but only after they have been absolved of the possibility of pregnancy [after the completion of one menstrual cycle]; this is what god has prescribed for you (kitāba is in the accusative because it is the verbal noun).andtanwîr al-miqbâs min tafsîr ibn ‘abbâs - source(and all married women (are forbidden unto you save those (captives) whom your right hands possess) of captives, even if they have husbands in the abode of war, after ascertaining that they are not pregnant, by waiting for the lapse of one period of menstruation.tafsir of ibn kathir: forbidding women already married, except for female slaves sourcealso (forbidden are) women already married, except those whom your right hands possess.) the ayah means, you are prohibited from marrying women who are already married,(except those whom your right hands possess) except those whom you acquire through war, for you are allowed such women after making sure they are not pregnant. imam ahmad recorded that abu sa`id al-khudri said, "we captured some women from the area of awtas who were already married, and we disliked having sexual relations with them because they already had husbands. so, we asked the prophet about this matter, and this ayah was revealed, e(also (forbidden are) women already married, except those whom your right hands possess). consequently, we had sexual relations with these women.''~~~the alleged prophet of islam (muhammad) participates in this very activity. read about it herenotice the statement 'we disliked' above. the consent of the women is never an issue. that's because the women were mere possessions. spoils of war. big deal. the worst of creatures (98.6). even the consent of muslim women isnt an issue discussed here (note the examination of quran 65.4). muhammad understood that raping the women in the presence of their husbands was a terrific terror tactic. so he had no problem with condoning it. islamic twisted logic.muslims often try to hide what 'right hands possess' means. see it clearly referenced again as 'slaves' here # 4458 and specifically lady slaves here #321. note how many sites about islam will sugarcoat and downplay this by saying 'what you already have', knowing full well that gullible people will just gloss right over it. its amazing how human beings can be referred to as 'what you already have'. its also interesting to note that in islam, adultry and fornication can be casually overlooked if the women being raped are simply defined as 'captives'. remember bid'a. slavery and rape are alive and well in islam and no one on the planet can prove me wrong. (verses to look at are: 4:3 - 4:24 - 23:6 - 70:30 - 33.52 - 33:55 - ) anyone is welcome to try to prove me wrong though. all they will do is prove contradiction, and quran 4:82 states: were it from any other than god, they would surely have found in it many contradictions. trapped. check mate. rape and slavery are alive and well in islam, or the quran is not from 'god'. take your pick. i choose both.quran 5.44 (in part) states - whoso judgeth not by that which allah hath revealed: such are disbelievers. there it is. the verse that makes islamic dominated societys stand still and reject innovation, bicycles and concepts. nowhere in the quran is the thievery, rape and enslavement of the fabricated 'enemies of allah' condemned. muhammad wasnt about to condemn the very fuel that runs the machine ( in 8.41 - note the words: whatever, all, any, anything) islamic twisted logic.dictionary.com defines rape as:the crime of forcing another person to submit to sex acts, especially sexual intercourse.there you have it. conditional rape. is rape rape? or is there a time and a place for it?if you believe that there is never a time or place for forced unconsentual criminal sexual penetration (rape), then you have a problem with the teachings of islam.now apply this same concept to slavery, murder, kidnapping, theft, lying, human trafficking, terrorism, vandalism, etc.whether you want to admit it to yourself or not, whether they will admit it to you or not.... this is what muslims believe.many people have been trying to warn the western world about this for years, but people have been content to believe that islam is a 'religion of peace' and be done with it. when they become aware of acts ot terrorism or criminal behaviour committed in the name of islam, they are content to believe its a rogue element who are 'misinterpreting' or 'hijacking' the 'religion'.something many people dont understand about islam is based on their own perception and misperception of what a 'religion' is. they make the elementary mistake of comparing apples to oranges. islam is a totalitarian theocratic belief system. this means that there is no seperation of religious doctrines and government (aka; church and state). to be practiced as it was designed, believers in islam are commanded to spread this totalitarian theocratic belief system throughtout the world with dogmatic reward (heaven/paradise) as the goal if they do, and dogmatic threat (hell / lesser status) as the penalty if they dont, and also material and human spoils here on earth. they are commanded to maintain islam in its original 7th century (610+ ad) form as covered above.when they are low in population, they act one way, and when they feel they have sufficient population, they act quite another. they propogate by immigrating and forcing the host citizens to act in a way that is against their nature. they band togethor and slowly turn parts of town into 'no go' areas for non-muslims (muslims in malmo sweden watch the videos. (1 - 2 - 3 -). then slowly start to impose their own rules (using the twisted logic concepts we covered above) until the previous inhabitants of the land can no longer deal with it and leave. the islamists will claim 'islamophobia' and 'demonization' at any attempts to publicize or resist it. politically correct politicians, law enforcement and the media will sell you out before they ruffle the feathers of the muslims. that's going to stop.the islamists are helped by those who still erroneously believe islam is a 'religion' and that 'islam means peace' (wrong on both counts ref:1) and claim those who resist the islamists are persecuters, haters, racists etc. ( if you have school aged children, i would recommend to keep an eye on their curriculum and textbooks to see how islam is sugarcoated. you just need to know what to look for first.)islamic history has been 1400 years of what we've covered above. the suras and ayats (chapters and verses) from the quran, along with history of islamic conquest and hadith, make the theocratic imperialism tactics of islam quite clear.for example:whats their plan? quran 9:33 - he it is who hath sent his messenger with the guidance and the religion of truth, that he may cause it to prevail over all religion, however much the idolaters may be averse. ---"however much the idolaters may be averse": anytime you hear anyone quote "no compulsion in religion", your islamic propoganda meter should go off the scale. this is muslims blatant attempt to take advantage of gullibility.---they start by using divisive terms for non-muslims such as polytheists, pagans, disbelievers, kafirs, najis, blasphemers, idolators, etc and fabricate them as 'enemies of allah'. then they lump them all togethor and declare them the 'worst of creatures (quran 98.06) and not to befriend them and alot of other nasty stuff . 'people of the book' is a ploy to entice christians and jews into converting to islam by creating the illusion that the quran is the sequel to the previous scriptures (bible, torah). another ploy is to claim that the most symbolic event in chrisitianity (crucifixion) never happened. and that jesus christ himself will stab all christians in the back (testify against them) on judgement day unless they convert to islam (quran 4.157-162), and adopt most of the pre-islamic rituals and traditions of worship practiced by the arabian tribes of mecca (makkah) (specifically muhammad's tribe, the quraysh) in order to recieve 'great reward'. the cheif deity at this time was the 'moon god', and the symbol of islam is the crescent moon. crescent moon symbols adorn mosques throughout the world, although they are actively trying to disassociate themselves from this for obvious reasons. islam is based entirely on the premise/deception that the allah of the quran is the same entity as the god of the bible. identity theft. infidel is a recent term that they basically use to call anyone who disagrees with their politics or isnt 'muslim' enough. then...---quran 8.39 - and fight them until there is no more fitnah (disbelief and polytheism: i.e. worshipping others besides allah) and the religion (worship) will all be for allah alone [in the whole of the world^]. but if they cease (worshipping others besides allah), then certainly, allah is all-seer of what they do.---in case your not hip to 7th century arabic religious lingo, the above english translation is pretty accurate. whats going on in this verse is the command for islamists to conquer the planet, and eradicate the world of non-muslims in body, mind, soul and influence (fitnah). very clear. definately note that in many english translations they refer to fitnah as 'tumult and oppression'. in islamic twisted logic this means that the existence of and influence from non-muslims is 'tumult and oppression'. the word translated as 'fight' definately doesnt mean just 'fight'. it means fight to the death. kill and be killed. this verse does not apply to a specific event, place or time. anyone who tells you this verse means anything else is lying. remember that a prime motive of the muslims is to keep the non-muslims as confused, soft targets. ---quran 8.67: no prophet hath been enabled to take captives until he had made great slaughter in the earth. ye desire the passing fruitions of this world, but god desireth the next life for you. and god is mighty, wise. ---allah's messenger said: i have been commanded to fight against people till they testify that there is no god but allah, and that muhammad is the messenger of allah, perform the prayer, and pay zakah. if they do that, their blood and property are guaranteed protection on my behalf except when justified by law, and their affairs rest with allah.--- sourcebelow is a direct quote from understanding-islam.com concerning verse 9.29 in the quran. note that 'call of the messenger' means 'convert to islam', and 'life of its members can be spared' means they'll kill you, unless you pay the dhimmi extortion tax (jizya) and acknowledge your second class citizen status (accept political subservience). this is a sharp contrast to the often parrotted line of 'no compulsion in religion'. remember that next time someone wants to portray islam as a 'spiritual philosophy', or a 'religion'. islamic twisted logic.quote:---on the other hand, if a non-polytheist group refuses to accept the call of a messenger, the life of its members can be spared if they accept political subservience and, as a symbol for such political subservience, pay jizyah.---volume 4, book 53, number 388: narrated juwairiya bin qudama at-tamimi:we said to 'umar bin al-khattab, jo chief of the believers! advise us." he said, "i advise you to fulfill allah's convention (made with the dhimmis) as it is the convention of your prophet and the source of the livelihood of your dependents (i.e. the taxes from the dhimmis.) "and they had you believing islam is a tolerant 'religion'. and all of our politicians and leaders are asleep at the wheel. organizations like cair try to paint a happy face on islam to non-muslims, but the motives of islam are to subjugate non-muslims sooner or later. read on and you'll see how the muslims do it.islamists throw around phrases like 'great satan' and 'evil foreign policy', they burn flags, and people (you know who they are) run with that. the media runs with that. islamists flip out over cartoons. they hold posters that incite other islamists to behead, annihilate and massacre. then when they are arrested for inciting violence they claim "islamophobia'. islamists quote the abrogated (canceled out) portion of the quranic verse which states: "there is no compulsion in religion"... regardless of verse 8.39, and that the penalty for leaving islam is death (example) . the 'moderate' muslims perform their function by being 'moderate' (it's all part of the 'good cop bad cop' routine). people erroneously feel guilty as if their governments have done something wrong... that they've offended 'religious sensibilities'. non-muslims are chasing their tails like dogs trying to figure it all out. sound familiar? islamic twisted logic.... complete deception... smokescreens... and lies. 1400 years of islamic business as usual.wow. so whats in it for them?---quran 8.41 (2 verses later) and know that whatever you take as spoils in war, a fifth thereof is for allah and for the messenger and the kindred and the orphans and the needy and the wayfarer, if you believe in allah and what we sent down to our servant on the day of distinction, - the day when the two armies met - and allah has power to do all that he wills.---same deal as above, pretty accurate translation. this verse explains how the warlord muhammad manages to get followers to raid, kill and steal the possessions of (including women) the previously fabricated 'enemies of allah' who in islamic twisted logic are guilty of 'fitnah' by simply existing and/or resisting. keep 80%, give 'allah' (muhammad) 20% and he mentions himself again for good measure and buys converts with the remainder of the stolen merchandise.did you do the math?a fifth = 20%whats left over?ummm 80%yes. nice cut huh?unreal.definately... material reward for the followers. the 20% cut made the warlord muhammad wealthy through conquests (#495). muhammad reiterates the incentive plan in 48.19 - 20. where are the virgins?we're getting to that. first you have to realize that to islamists, this world is nothing. its all about the payoff of heaven/paradise (janna) and where they will rank in it:---quran 9.38 o ye who believe! what is the matter with you, that, when ye are asked to go forth in the cause of allah, ye cling heavily to the earth? do ye prefer the life of this world to the hereafter? but little is the comfort of this life, as compared with the hereafter. 9.39 unless ye go forth, he will punish you with a grievous penalty, and put others in your place; but him ye would not harm in the least. for god hath power over all things.---and---quran 4.95 - not equal are those believers who sit (at home) and receive no hurt, and those who strive and fight in the cause of allah with their goods and their persons. allah hath granted a grade higher to those who strive and fight with their goods and persons than to those who sit (at home). unto all (in faith) hath allah promised good: but those who strive and fight hath he distinguished above those who sit (at home) by a special reward,- 4.96 : ranks specially bestowed by him, and forgiveness and mercy. for allah is oft-forgiving, most merciful.---according to islamic beliefs, all muslims who qualify to go to paradise must pass through hell first except one group: martyrs and killers. slay and be slain. this is regarded as the 'achievement supreme'. the supreme rank in paradise is to be a martyr and they will bypass hell. lets see oprah or barbera walters talk about this. the us media thinks its obsession with tabloid journalism is actually important. this will come back to haunt your children and grand children. veterans are turning over in their graves from the sheer complacency.---quran 9.111 - god hath purchased of the believers their persons and their goods; for theirs (in return) is the garden (of paradise: they fight in his cause, and slay and are slain: a promise binding on him in truth, through the law, the gospel, and the qur'an: and who is more faithful to his covenant than god? then rejoice in the bargain which ye have concluded: that is the achievement supreme.---quran 4.74 - let those fight in the way of allah who sell the life of this world for the other. whoso fighteth in the way of allah, be he slain or be he victorious, on him we shall bestow a vast reward.quran 3.169 - think not of those, who are slain in the way of allah, as dead. nay, they are living. with their lord they have provision. quran 3.170 - they rejoice in the bounty provided by god: and with regard to those left behind, who have not yet joined them (in their bliss), the (martyrs) glory in the fact that on them is no fear, nor have they (cause to) grieve. hadith supports this:---if anyone fights in allah's path as long as the time between two milkings of a she-camel, paradise will be assured for him. if anyone sincerely asks allah for being killed and then dies or is killed, there will be a reward of a martyr for him. source #2535 --- volume 4, book 53, number 352: narrated abu huraira:allah's apostle said, "allah guarantees him who strives in his cause and whose motivation for going out is nothing but jihad in his cause and belief in his word, that he will admit him into paradise (if martyred) or bring him back to his dwelling place, whence he has come out, with what he gains of reward and booty."--- volume 4, book 53, number 382: narrated ibn umar:in our holy battles, we used to get honey and grapes, as war booty which we would eat and would not store.---invading and stealing resources is what that is. of course the woman in the picture (yes it's been photoshopped to demonstrate the point) would be a bloody pulp under a pile of stones for making such a statement in an islamic country. the hypocrites.article 8 of the hamas charter:allah is its target, the prophet is its model, the koran its constitution: jihad is its path and death for the sake of allah is the loftiest of its wishes. source here---what is 'fighting in the cause of allah' that they believe justifies all this?well... islamists and their defenders would like you to believe that it is defensive and because of oppression, discrimination and 'evil foreign policy' and all that, but thats a lie. the real goal is an islamic world. an islamic 'new world order' (nwo). of course islamists and their defenders will deny and downplay this but the hadith makes it quite clear with this statement:---" the prophet raised his head (as the questioner was standing) and said, "he who fights so that allah's word (islam) should be superior, then he fights in allah's cause." source---the islamists and their defenders have the western world so completely fooled its unreal. in the process of 'fighting (kill and be killed) so allahs word (islam) should be superior', the twisted logic concepts of 'divine justification' of rape, kidnapping, murder, enslavement, theft, human trafficking, terror and whatever else they come up with is necessary to drive out the fitnah (non-muslims and their influence) from the land. it is considered a 'fundamental' that the alleged 'prophet' of islam (muhammad) claimed that terror was how he was 'made victorious':---i have been made victorious with terror source #220---in the course of 'fighting so that islam should be superior', terror is what made muhammad victorious and he commands all muslims to follow his lead (33.21). the muslims and their defenders dont want you knowing this stuff. this is straight from their playbooks. this is what is being taught in mosques worldwide and near you or coming soon near you. they will deny it, change the subject, answer questions with questions, bring up conspiracy theories, want you to compare apples to oranges, anything to downplay this stuff and divert attention from it. their tactics are based on you not knowing this stuff. they want to keep the attention focused on evil foreign policy, great satan and all that and portray themselves as victims at all cost and deceptively portray muhammad as a great 'noble' example. exposing the true muhammad would expose the true motives of islam so they pretend to be all offended at cartoons and such to support this illusion. public broadcasting (pbs) in the us (among others) produces documentaries to promote the illusion of muhammad being a hero and a great man. islamic websites and college professors (!) tell blatant lies and quote abrogated (canceled out) verses from the quran to further promote the cause. lies. deception. taqiyya.is quran 61.10-12 cutting a deal with the devil or just a madman? the incessant promise of material reward in paradise. material reward for conquest. terrorism. all the references to slay and be slain. spoils of war. 80%. virgins. rivers of wine. no compulsion in religion. death for apostasy. smite their necks. beautiful mansions. boys that never bleed. martyrdom. let them find in you a harshness (9.123 'gird you about' is a lie) forgiveness of sins. supreme achievement. satanic verses. worst of creatures (98.06) islamic nwo (8.39). create division, do not befriend them (5.51 5.82 4.144 3.118) highly suspicious. serious illusion, serious deception going on in the quran. take it as you will, i'm not selling anything, but these verses from the bible provide something very intriguing:mat 7:15 - beware of false prophets, which come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves. mat 7:16 - ye shall know them by their fruits. do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles? read and evaluate. its very clear that islam and muslims present themselves as one thing and yet their 'fruits' are quite another. the biggest mistake a non-muslim can make is to think that only a muslim can tell you about islam. the so-called 'moderates' protect the fundamentalists as the shell protects the yolk. but at the end of the day, they are the same egg.here is an example of the typical whitewashing of islam: visit about.com's religion section on islam and for examples sake, this page in particular titledq. what does the qur'an say about christians?source http://islam.about.com/cs/jesus/f/christians.htmnotice how on that page there is no mention of:quran 5.51 - o ye who believe! take not the jews and the christians for your friends and protectors: they are but friends and protectors to each other. and he amongst you that turns to them (for friendship) is of them. verily allah guideth not a people unjust.quran 5.14 - from those, too, who call themselves christians, we did take a covenant, but they forgot a good part of the message that was sent them: so we estranged them, with enmity and hatred between the one and the other, to the day of judgment. and soon will allah show them what it is they have done. (yet notice how islamists will claim they are being 'stereotyped', 'demonized', that they are victims of 'islamophobia', and that a false image of them is being fabricated by the 'media'. islamic twisted logic)you can easily find outright lies in islamic websites and publications. you just have to know their tricks, and understand that in islamic twisted logic, any means is acceptable to achieve the goal. spin doctoring,outright lying and withholding key information is a prime tactic. this is based on the notion that 'who would know islam better than a muslim'? muslims exploit this. a muslim may tell you something like "its against islam to kill an innocent person". sounds reasonable enough right? but what they dont tell you is that a non-muslim isnt considered innocent. they are always very careful to use the word 'innocent'. see this demonstrated in this video here.no muslim should be killed in qisas (equality in punishment) for killing a kafir (disbeliever)." source #50in islam, non-muslims are considered 'kafirs' (kuffar, kufr). their are several different spellings, but they mean the same thing conceptually. kafir is generally a noun and refers to a non-muslim person (that guy is a kafir), and kufr is generally used in the verb form to denote disbelief (eating pork is kufr). kufr is a main ingredient in deciding who the 'enemies of allah' are. next you need to understand what 'najis' means. najis means filthy, untoucheable, impure (in mind and body if applicable). other things in islam that are considered najis are excrement, rotting flesh, urine and several other unflattering things. you guessed it, non-muslims are considered kafirs and najis thus 'without sanctity' and thus not innocent. but unless its been presented to you with all of this information, you would go around thinking 'its against islam to kill an innocent person', and worse, end up passing that deception to someone else, like a computer trojan horse virus but for the human brain. islamists have been doing this for 1400 years and people have been falling for it. things in islam definately arent always what they seem to be. and yet sometimes they are exactly as they seem. the real islam is exposed more and more everyday.that she heard allah's apostle saying, "he who makes peace between the people by inventing good information or saying good things, is not a liar." source #857here is a perfect example. read the text quote below * . in islamic twisted logic, the word abolished doesnt really mean abolished. scroll back up a little ways to where i said 'any means is acceptable'. i'll prove it again here. the text below is a website that bills itself as the 'supreme council for islamic affairs'. sounds reputable huh? fancy website even. they are banking on making a statement that makes islam sound like the 'peacemakers' and 'noble'. "we abolished slavery! hooray!" but read closer. the first point i made was about rape. i said i would prove conditional rape and i did. here we have conditional slavery straight from the 'supreme council of islamic affairs'. remember the law of bid'a (innovation is illegal). remember that 'fighting in allahs cause' is so islam should be superior (source). remember that terror is what made muhammad 'victorious' and he was 'wealthy through conquests', and manufacturing or concealing evidence is not lying. islamic twisted logic. quote * : slavery was abolished by islam and no one had to be subjugated by anyone else except in only one case, when fighters were taken prisoners. by this islam wanted only to discontinue and limit aggression. source (add a w to the beginning when you paste it into your browser. i wont even link to this filth: ww.islamic-council.com/prophetstories_u/chapter1-2.asp(notice how the 'supreme council of islamic affairs' desperately wants to use the word 'abolished'. this is simply because they want to use the word 'abolished'. it has no meaning... they just want that word to appear.) remember that the quran declares the permissibility of raping captives / slaves, the hadith confirms it in detail, and the 'supreme council of islamic affairs' and 'islam-qa.com' (below) also confirms the islamic twisted logic. this is from islam q&a: islam-qa.com #5707 (below *) note how casually slavery, kidnapping, human trafficking, racism and rape are discussed. also note how the word 'urges' is used because they know that islam never abolished slavery, in fact the argument that it is even encouraged or 'urged' is weak. islamic twisted logic. also note how the in the 'answer' below, it says "if there is jihaad"... we've already established that fighting is to make islam superior. and this definately refers to jihaad as war. arent islamists always trying to sell that jihaad means 'inner struggle'? mein kampf means 'my struggle'. welcome to islam folks. coming soon to your area or already there. dont forget quran 9.123! o ye who believe! fight those of the disbelievers who are near to you, and let them find harshness in you(quote from al-islam.com question #5707 below)*question :i've heard that it is allowed for men to have intercourse with their slaves. does that stand for women too, & if men can have intercourse with their slaves (the ones they have bought) then why is it so much ill thought of the prostitutes...they too are, kind of bought at others will, for shorter time period perhaps. can you make all this clear & why is it so that islam did not stop slavery....they are humans as well, & are against their will kept in captivity & against their will may be forced into intercourse?answer :praise be to allaah.slavery in islam was originally prescribed because of kufr. if there is jihaad between the muslims and the kuffaar, and a number of kuffaar are taken prisoner, the commander is given the choice of sharing them out, doing them a favour (by releasing them) or paying their ransom. if they are shared out as part of the booty, they become slaves, subject to the laws governing products which may be sold. but at the same time, islam urges the freeing of slaves and makes doing so an act of expiation for numerous sins. in principle, slavery is not something that is desirable; what is encouraged in islam is the freeing of slaves. if a woman is enslaved according to sharee’ah, it is permissible for her master to have intercourse with her. this is unlike prostitution or zinaa, which islam has forbidden as a precaution against mixing lineages and other reasons for which it is forbidden. there is no comparison between the two, because if a slave woman becomes pregnant, the child belongs to the master and she becomes free when he dies, because she has become the mother of the master’s child (umm walad), and is subject to the same rulings as a wife. and allaah knows best. book 11, number 2126: narrated basrah:a man from the ansar called basrah said: i married a virgin woman in her veil. when i entered upon her, i found her pregnant. (i mentioned this to the prophet). the prophet (peace_be_upon_him) said: she will get the dower, for you made her vagina lawful for you. the child will be your slave. when she has begotten (a child), flog her (according to the version of al-hasan). the version of ibn abussari has: you people, flog her, or said: inflict hard punishment on him. http://islamreview.blogspot.com/ faithfreedom.org prophetofdoom.netwhat is islam?warningpalestinian media watchmemri-tvwelcome to paristan, eurabia
                   



posted by cultfree at 8:17 pm
0 comments






tuesday, march 21, 2006



	 
	 afghan faces death penalty
	 
    


this story has played out countless times over 1400 years with no media around to report it. the difference is that they would have just killed him. done. muslims love to quote the misleading and abrogated verse from the quran that states in part "there is no compulsion in religion'. this is a pure lie. why do they tell this lie? because they want you to believe it! but like most anything else a 'follower of islamism' says, the actions are quite different. doesnt the death penalty imply 'compulsion in religion'?quran 003.083 do they seek for other than the religion of god?-while all creatures in the heavens and on earth have, willing or unwilling, bowed to his will (accepted islam), and to him shall they all be brought back.no compulsion? liars! resist! islam is trying to take over the world! spread the word!sourcekabul, afghanistan, march 20, 2006 — despite the overthrow of the fundamentalist taliban government and the presence of 22,500 u.s. troops in afghanistan, a man who converted to christianity is being prosecuted in kabul, and a judge said sunday that if convicted, he faces the death penalty.abdul rahman, who is in his 40s, says he converted to christianity 16 years ago while working as an aid worker helping afghan refugees in pakistan.relatives denounced him as a convert during a custody battle over his children, and he was arrested last month. the prosecutor says rahman was found with a bible.human rights workers have described the case as an unsettling reminder that the country's post-taliban judiciary remains deeply conservative, and they have called on president hamid karzai to intervene. during taliban times, men were forced to kneel in prayer five times a day, and couples faced the death penalty for sex outside marriage, for example. reform efforts have been slow, say experts, since there are so few judges and lawyers with experience.the u.s. state department is watching the case closely and considers it a barometer of how well democracy is developing in afghanistan."our view … is that tolerance, freedom of worship is an important element of any democracy," state department spokesman sean mccormack said. "and these are issues as afghan democracy matures that they are going to have to deal with increasingly."a number of christian nonprofit groups do humanitarian work in afghanistan. dominic nutt of christian aid calls the rahman case a step backward for the country, especially if rahman is executed.nutt, who has spent time in afghanistan, tells abc news "few practitioners are used to the concept of democracy and toleration … [many] are educated only in islamic law."presiding judge ansarullah mawlazezadah tells abc news a medical team was checking the defendant, since the team suspects insanity caused rahman to reject islam."we want to know that the doctors have given him a green light on his mental state, because he is not normal when he talks," says the judge.malaysia’s top court to decide if muslims can leave islam without shariah approvalislam death for apostasy quran hadith
                   



posted by cultfree at 7:55 pm
0 comments






sunday, march 19, 2006



	 
	 perpetual victims syndrome
	 
    


check this out.when police in london arrest muslims for openly inciting violence and murder, it gets put in the category called "islamophobia" on the muslim news website. anything to be portrayed as the victim.....watch the video of the muslim demonstration in front of the danish embassy in london heremore videos hereif your wondering how islam got the 'religion of peace and tolerance' lable, its probably this verse which calls all non-muslims the 'worst of creatures'. quran 98:06 or all this. remember that the next time a politician tries to sugarcoat islam. this politically correct sugarcoating by politicians is selling out the free world each and every time. the motives of islam to exploit this very politically correct nature is so blatantly obvious its time the world woke up. click the pic for full size.http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/4682262.stm
                   



posted by cultfree at 11:35 pm
0 comments






saturday, march 11, 2006



	 
	 sharia in action 2006
	 
    


yemen editor 'faces death calls' sourceyemeni lawyers have called for a newspaper editor to be sentenced to death for showing cartoons depicting the prophet muhammad, his paper says.muhammad al-asadi was arrested after his publication, the yemen observer, showed the danish cartoons in february. asadi denies the charge of offending islamyemeni lawyers have called for a newspaper editor to be sentenced to death for showing cartoons depicting the prophet muhammad, his paper says.muhammad al-asadi was arrested after his publication, the yemen observer, showed the danish cartoons in february.he denies the charges of offending islam, under which he is being tried. the english-language newspaper has had its licence to publish suspended, although its staff have continued to produce material online.lawyers leading a civil case against publishers of the cartoons - in addition to the public case - cited precedents from muslim history when the prophet was insulted by a woman and then praised her killer.prosecutors have reportedly requested that the yemen observer be closed permanently and have its property and assets confiscated.the trial was adjourned until 22 march.~~~~~~~~~~cultfree's note:here is the hadith used as the basis of the lawyers, state and cleric's demanding the death penalty. note how muhammad condones and dismisses the murder of a pregnant slave woman who was critical of him, and that she was already the mother of two children of the murderer. this once again illustrates the primitive (not to mention misogynist) basis of political islam and sharia law. hadith is #4348http://www.usc.edu/dept/msa/fundamentals/hadithsunnah/abudawud/038.sat.htmlalso see my post about muhammad and more of his appalling practices which are still considered fundamentals of the sunnah.also see my post with the video of the london muslim demonstration and the story of the cartoons printed in an egyptian newspaper back in october 2005 here~~~~~~~~~~more on this here
                   



posted by cultfree at 11:50 am
0 comments






thursday, march 09, 2006



	 
	 taqiyya from juan cole
	 
    


people have every right to be concerned about the growing threat of islamism in the world. yet hardcore partisan liberal and so-called 'expert' on the issue, mr. juan cole, wants to create the smokescreen that its somehow a fabrication of the 'political elite' and the 'media' and 'select special interests'. he'd have a point if he were referring to the 'political elite' in iran and saudi arabia, the 'media' such as al-jazeera, and the 'select special interests' such as cair and muslims themselves.http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/11735622/quote from the washingtom post article titled: negative perceptions of islam increasing~~~juan cole, a professor of modern middle eastern and south asian history at the university of michigan, agreed, saying americans "have been given the message to respond this way by the american political elite, mass media and by select special interests."~~~obviously, juan cole is still playing on the ridiculous notion that only he is the great provider of islamic knowledge and history to the western world. what was bali, beslan, madrid, london, 911, wtc bombings, theo van goghs murder, the blatant advocation of violence in the cartoon stupidity, the ou football game explosion, the unc muslim claiming religious reasons for running over multiple people etc etc etc.media?quran 9.5 - but when the forbidden months are past, then fight and slay the pagans wherever ye find them, and seize them, beleaguer them, and lie in wait for them in every stratagem (of war); but if they repent, and establish regular prayers and practise regular charity, then open the way for them: for god is oft-forgiving, most merciful.juan cole would never be the one to bring it to your attention that in the process of 'seizing and beleaguering', muslims are 'divinely' allowed to keep 80% of stolen merchandise / slave women (they justify it as 'war booty'), as long as they provide muhammad and his family with 20%. muhammad can then use a portion of the 20% to 'pander to the constituency'. that means 'give them stuff'. they will like you if you 'give them stuff'. a combination of hitler, robin hood and ali baba. grease those palms. stolen merchandise. human trafficking. dirty politics. read quran 8.039 - 8.041.quran 8.039 establishes the outlawing of other political entities, by making everyone else guilty of practicing 'tumult and oppression' under the false pretense of somehow being 'enemies of 'god'. (note the words 'altogethor and everywhere', this is your basic spread by the sword imperialism that juan cole and muslims worldwide would like you to believe they are the victims of). that fabricated / created an enemy which would become fertile fields in which to cultivate the spoils to finance, feed and provide the comforts of home to the bandits outlined in 8.041 (war spoils, keep 80%, one fifth = 20%). i say 'comforts of home' because of this statement from authentic (sahih) hadith: and took captive some excellent arab women; and we desired them, for we were suffering from the absence of our wives. yes indeed read it for yourself as outlined in my post here. i discuss 8.39-8.41 herequran 9.123 - o believers, fight the unbelievers who are near to you; and let them find in you a harshnessmedia?qur’an tells to kill unbelievers in these surahs, read carefully. 9:5- 2:191-2-193-3:118-4:75,76-5:84-4:104-5:33-5:51-5:57-5:80.81-8:12-8:13-8:14-8:50-8:65-9:23-9:38.39-9:42-9:49-9:73-9:123-21:109-21:52-27:69.60-31:21-33:60.61media?juan cole! do you think we're stupid? your taqiyya act is so worn out. juan cole and cair perform the same function for political/militant islam as the nuclear membrane for the nucleus:nuclear membrane: surround and protect the nucleus; control the movement of materials into and out of the nucleus; gate of the nucleus.lets look at what juan cole is defending. lets use the muslim student association website from the university of southern california as our source of reference.1) there is no seperation of religion and state in islam.quote: we avoid the word religion because in many non-islamic societies, there is a separation of "religion and state." this separation is not recognized at all in islam. sourcethink about this. when political islam is scrutinized, it suddenly becomes a religion, and screams religious discrimination, religious persecution. this is their clever way of being 'above scrutiny', and utilizing / hiding behind the very religious freedom laws they ultimately wish to eradicate. same story for freedom of speech.2) the word 'islam' does not mean 'peace' in any way shape or form.quote: it might seem strange to think of this as a misconception, but in fact it is. the root word of islam is "al-silm" which means "submission" or "surrender." it is understood to mean "submission to allah." in spite of whatever noble intention has caused many a muslim to claim that islam is derived primarily from peace, this is not true. source under heading 'misconception 1'.seeds of dhimmitude. is this a glimpse into a juan cole classroom?muslims want to take the world back to the 7th century.under the heading of 'duties and responsibilities of the khalifa' we have this:quote: safeguard islam in its original form, and to protect against the introduction of new things (bid'a) into islam. source 'nuff said.
                   



posted by cultfree at 12:35 pm
0 comments






wednesday, march 08, 2006



	 
	 fitna fitnatun quran hadith
	 
    


this post is to expose the deceptive way that the word 'fitnatun' is translated and presented by muslims.this explanation will also shed light on why muslims kill and harass apostates.muslims like to say that fitna means 'persecution'. but does it really mean that? its clear that fitna refers to anything percieved to be un-islamic. lets read quran 8.39 and then examine the tafsir (explanation of the quran to understand it's context) of ibn kathir:quran 8.39 (in part) - and fight them until there is no more fitnah (disbelief and polytheism: i.e. worshipping others besides allah) and the religion (worship) will all be for allah alone [in the whole of the world]. ~~~notice how the title below says "the order to fight to eradicate shirk and kufr". further down the page, kufr is defined as disbelief. eradicate disbelief. and it says those who disbelieve have their blood and wealth in danger. pay special attention to the statement "if and when". and the motive for all this is clealry defined in quran 8.41, with muhammads declaration of how he and islam at large will profit from this. the profits / spoils gained by this violent totalitarian zealotry include females, even little girls. the 20% muhammad keeps for himself and the other 80% is an incentive plan to get people to fight for him. the stated objective of the fighting is to make islam superior. spread by the sword. the reference to zakah shows how the plan was to squeeze money from everyone... one way or another. muhammad and company shrouded pure evil in a plethora of false piety and false righteousness to make all this seem justified.tafsir of ibn kathir:the order to fight to eradicate shirk and kufr (source)allah said,(and fight them until there is no more fitnah, and the religion will all be for allah alone.)al-bukhari recorded that a man came to ibn `umar and said to him, "o abu `abdur-rahman! why do you not implement what allah said in his book,(and if two parties (or groups) among the believers fall to fighting...)[49:9]. what prevents you from fighting as allah mentioned in his book'' ibn `umar said, "o my nephew! i prefer that i be reminded with this ayah rather than fighting, for in the latter case, i will be reminded by the ayah in which allah, the exalted and most honored, said,(and whoever kills a believer intentionally...) [4:93]''the man said, "allah, the exalted, said,(and fight them until there is no more fitnah...).'' ibn `umar said, "we did that during the time of the messenger of allah, when islam was weak and the man would be tried in religion, either tormented to death or being imprisoned. when islam became stronger and widespread, there was no more fitnah.'' when the man realized that ibn `umar would not agree to what he is saying, he asked him, "what do you say about `ali and `uthman'' ibn `umar replied, "what do i say about `ali and `uthman! as for `uthman, allah has forgiven him, but you hate that allah forgives him. as for `ali, he is the cousin of the messenger of allah and his son-in-law,'' and he pointed with his hand saying, "and this is his house over there.'' sa`id bin jubayr said, "ibn `umar came to us and was asked, "what do you say about fighting during fitnah'' ibn `umar said, "do you know what fitnah refers to muhammad was fighting against the idolators, and at that time, attending (or residing with) the idolators was a fitnah (trial in religion). it is nothing like what you are doing, fighting to gain leadership!'' all these narrations were collected by al-bukhari, may allah the exalted grant him his mercy. ad-dahhak reported that ibn `abbas said about the ayah,(and fight them until there is no more fitnah...) "so that there is no more shirk.'' similar was said by abu al-`aliyah, mujahid, al-hasan, qatadah, ar-rabi` bin anas, as-suddi, muqatil bin hayyan and zayd bin aslam. muhammad bin ishaq said that he was informed from az-zuhri, from `urwah bin az-zubayr and other scholars that(until there is no more fitnah) the fitnah mentioned here means, until no muslim is persecuted so that he abandons his religion. ad-dahhak reported that ibn `abbas said about allah's statement,(and the religion (worship) will all be for allah alone.) "so that tawhid is practiced in sincerity with allah.'' al-hasan, qatadah and ibn jurayj said,(and the religion will all be for allah alone) "so that la ilaha illa-llah is proclaimed.'' muhammad bin ishaq also commented on this ayah, "so that tawhid is practiced in sincerity towards allah, without shirk, all the while shunning all rivals who (are being worshipped) besides him.''`abdur-rahman bin zayd bin aslam said about,(and the religion will all be for allah alone) "so that there is no more kufr (disbelief) with your religion remains.'' there is a hadith collected in the two sahihs that testifies to this explanation. the messenger of allah said,(i was commanded to fight against the people until they proclaim, `there is no deity worthy of worship except allah.' if and when they say it, they will preserve their blood and wealth from me, except for its right (islamic penal code), and their reckoning is with allah, the exalted and most honored.)also, in the two sahihs, it is recorded that abu musa al-ash`ari said, "the messenger of allah was asked about a man who fights because he is courageous, in prejudice with his people, or to show off. which of these is for the cause of allah he said,(whoever fights so that allah's word is the supreme, is in the cause of allah, the exalted and most honored.)''allah said next,(but if they cease), and desist from their kufr as a result of your fighting them, even though you do not know the true reasons why they did so,(then certainly, allah is all-seer of what they do.)allah said in similar ayah,(but if they repent and perform the salah, and give zakah, then leave their way free.) [9:5],(...then they are your brethren in religion.) [9:11], and,(and fight them until there is no more fitnah and the religion (worship) is for allah (alone). but if they cease, let there be no transgression except against the wrongdoers.) [2:193]it is recorded in the sahih that the messenger of allah said to usamah bin zayd when he overpowered a man with his sword, after that man proclaimed that there is no deity worthy of worship except allah;(have you killed him after he proclaimed, `la ilaha illallah' what would you do with regard to `la ilaha illallah' on the day of resurrection.)usamah said, "o allah's messenger! he only said it to save himself.'' the messenger replied,(did you cut his heart open)the messenger kept repeating,(what would you do with regard to `la ilaha illallah' on the day of resurrection) until usamah said, "i wished i had embraced islam only that day.'' allah said next,(and if they turn away, then know that allah is your protector, an excellent protector, and an excellent helper!)allah says, if the disbelievers persist in defying and fighting you, then know that allah is your protector, master and supporter against your enemies. verily, what an excellent protector and what an excellent supporter.(41. and know that whatever of war booty that you may gain, verily, one-fifth of it is assigned to allah, and to the messenger, and to the near relatives (of the messenger), the orphans, the poor, and the wayfarer, if you have believed in allah and in that which we sent down to our servant on the day of criterion, the day when the two forces met; and allah is able to do all things.)~~~so much for peace and tolerance huh? and so much for 'no compulsion in religion'. i'm 100% serious when i say that the information muslims tell non-muslims and what their actual motives are usually very different. one of the main purposes of this blog you are reading now is to point out that the motives of islam are to create an islamic new world order (nwo). dont let the islamic propoganda machine try to sell you that muslims are being 'marginalized', when quran 9.29 clearly commands muslims to marginalize all non-muslims. dont let them try to sell you that muslims are being 'demonized' when the quran is packed with demonization of non-muslims. yet how many people actually know that? the islamic propoganda machine is banking on very few.fitna (fitnah, fitnatun) and the way it is used in quran 8.39 and 2.193 is a clear demonstration of this. for muslims, much of creating this islamic nwo is based on exploiting the gullibility of the west, exploiting the west's lack of knowledge of islamic imperialism, and muslims ability to decieve non-muslims about their motives (taqiyya, tuqya). look at the arabic transliteration and specifically the word 'kulluhu' in 8.39. kulluhu means 'entirely'. in short, quran 8.39 is saying 'fight non-muslims throughout the world'. and of course the profit muhammad© benefits from this in quran 8.41, and the idea was to finance islam on the material and human spoils of conquest.study the rise of the third reich in nazi germany, and you'll see that hitler used the same tactic to rid germany of 'fitna'. he simply outlawed opposing political parties. this is how dictatorships and totalitarian theocracies and ideologies are born, and explains why these are the main forms of government historically in the middle east. apostates and non-muslims are considered kufr and the reasons for 'fitna' and quran 8.39 clearly calls for their eradication. look at the translations of quran 9.123 and you'll see a similar deception of how some of the translators are trying to portray this verse in a defensive posture instead of the offensive posture that it is. 9.123 is instructions on how to establish a foothold in an area and expand by treating the non-muslims in a harsh manner to drive the fitna out. this is happening in europe and many other places now. a more in depth look at this is discussed here.it's very clear that the:existance ofinfluence fromtemptation fromnon-muslims is perceived as 'tumult and oppression' and 'persecution' to muslims. this is something that the muslims dont want non-muslims to know. the muslims want the focus to be stricly on 'great satan' and 'evil foreign policy' and being portrayed as victims to disguise the motives of their very own intentions and imperialistic policies.when the muslims and their defenders portray it as 'tumult and oppression' and 'persecution', the gullible non-muslims take them at their word for it and the deception continues.visit the main page of this site about islam.more to read:http://www.faithfreedom.org/oped/sina60219.htmhttp://www.freerepublic.com/focus/f-news/1623687/postsread about muhammads six year old wife aisha
                   



posted by cultfree at 6:46 pm
1 comments











about me

name:  cultfree 
location:  canada 
respect for people
who are willing to
help initiate good for
people of all races, genders, creeds, and 
non-political religious persuasions.
good is in the heart...
scroll down,
there is lots to read and evaluate here. 
feel free to link to
this blog! blog is designed to be viewed at 1024x768
view my complete profile

links

faithfreedom.org
prophet of doom
prophet of doom audio mp3
skeptics quran
answering islam
memri-tv
wake up america!
little green footballs
anti-cair
anwar shaikh
islam and jihad
apostates of islam
the religion of peace
sword of islam
muhammadanism
militant islam monitor
ayaan hirsi ali
annaqed
islam-watch
investigate islam
united american committee
uac blog
muslim refusenik
islam review at blogspot
questionable teachings of 
islam
united front for the victims of jihad
palestinian media watch
terror watch
secular islam
islam review
terrorism digest
religion of peace my ass!
apostates of islam
daniel pipes
western resistance
netwmd
know islam
jihad watch
former muslims
exmuslima.com
middle east info
efsha
exposing islam
protesting islam
obsession the movie
belmont club
no to political islam
maryam namazie
yasser arafat
mosque watch
hate free america
internet haganah
no sharia
reform syria
war of 2 worlds bbs
more sites like this
books critical of islam
 
blogroll
mcb watch
but thats just my opinion
kardox
up pompeii

 
links en español

informe sobre el islamismo
 
liens en français

islam danger
 



archives

previous posts

islam spread by the sword
sheer insanity & dhimmitude
pact of umar - islam
islamic twisted logic
afghan faces death penalty
perpetual victims syndrome
sharia in action 2006
taqiyya from juan cole
fitna fitnatun quran hadith
kill for 'god'

archives

december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
august 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
may 2006









 










