






thompson dna project: home page












        thompson dna project
    




home

      patriarchs

      dna results
discussion

      how to join

      	what's next?









home page
dna testing is one of 
	the most powerful tools available to genealogists. dna can break down brick 
	walls when nothing else can--even when the documentary evidence conflicts or 
	the paper trail comes to an end.  dna test results help genealogists 
	verify their paternal ancestry (father's father), and the thompson dna 
	project continues to make previously-unknown connections.
the thompson dna 
	project is growing rapidly, and every participant is adding important 
	information to our knowledge about thompson heritage. 
dna testing is making connections 
    between families with thompson surname variants used in different areas of 
    the world including thomson, 
    thomsen, thomason, thomazin, taweson, macthomas, mactavish, maccavish, 
    macomish, macomb, mccomas, mccomb, 
     
    maccombie, and reasonable spelling variations. see the thompson surname 
    section below for a list of known variations and their origins.
 
the thompson dna project continues 
	to
1. collect, document, 
	and extend thompson pedigrees to find common ancestors. see the patriarchs 
	page.
2. help researchers find related families 
	so they can work together to trace their shared heritage. see the dna 
	results page and the patriarchs page.
3. identify the dna of the 
    ancestor families and compile the families and their lost branches into distinct 
	genetic lineages through dna matches. see the dna results page. 
4. provide research 
	guidance for tracing thompson ancestry. see our "what's next?" page
5. assist participants 
	get the most from their dna results. see our "what's next?" page.
 

	do you want to find your thompson dna connection?
	click 

here
	to order a dna test now.

	do you want to help in other ways with our discovery of thompson heritage? 
	see the "how to join" page.
if you would like to 
    contribute to this project,
    click here 
    to make a thompson dna sponsorship donation.
 
the thompson surname
thompson means "son of 
    thomas."  there are endless variations as shown below.

from maclysaght, the 
    surnames of ireland: 
thom(p)son   though 
    of comparatively recent introduction this is the second most numerous purely 
    non-irish name in ireland. it is mainly found in ulster. without the 
    intrusive p, thompson is scottish.  see holmes and maccavish.
holmes   the 
    english name holmes is not common in ireland. the scottish holmes, which is 
    found in considerable number in all the provinces, especially ulster, can, 
    like thomson, be equated with several combinations of mac and the christian 
    name thomas, e.g. mac thomais . . . which is also anglicized maccombe 
    and maccomish.  in north connacht holmes has been used synonymously 
    with cavish.
(mac) cavish   
    mac thomhais.  a rare name found in co. cavan, akin to the scottish 
    mactavish. both mac cavish and mactavish have sometimes been changed to 
    thomson or thompson in co. cavan.  see holmes.
mac comb(e), -come 
    mac thom. the name of a scottish family now fairly numerous in 
    north-east ulster. maccomish and maccombs (mac thomais) are variants 
    in co. down; maccome is an old name in co. armagh. . . . see holmes.
mac combie a sept 
    of the scottish clan mackintosh.

from black, the 
    surnames of scotland:
mac (wrongly 
    contracted m', mc) is a gaelic prefix occurring in scottish names of gaelic 
    origin, as macdonald, maclean, . . . meaning 'son.'  the word 
    corresponds to son in names of teutonic origin as anderson, johnson, 
    watson, to the fitz (lat. filius) in norman-french names, as 
    fitzgerald, fitzpatrick; and to welsh map (etymologically akin to 
    mac), shortened to 'ap or 'p as in ap richard, whence prichard, . . . it 
    corresponds partly to irish o, though this rightly means descendant.
thom. a diminutive of 
    thomas, q.v. . . .  thom is also used as an anglicized form of macthom, 
    q.v.
thomas.  a common 
    anglo-norman personal name. . . . in gaelic it assumes the forms tomas, tamhus, hence the gaelic patronymics mactavish, maccombie, and macomie, q.v. 
    as a surname in scotland it is of late introduction from england.
thomason, thomasson, 
    'son of thomas,' q.v. both forms are current in shetland.  . . . 
    tamesone . . . thomessone.
thomling. from thom, 
    q.v., + diminutive suffix -ling.
thompson, 'son of 
    thom," q.v. with intrusive p.  this spelling is more commonly 
    found in england.
thoms. 'son of thomas,'  
    from the diminutive thom.  it is also an anglicizing of macthomas, q.v. 
    "adam m'intosh, son of william, the seventh chief of the clan m'intosh, was 
    the founder of that branch of the clan which afterwards came to be known by 
    the surname of m'thomas, son of thomas, which in time became corrupted to 
    m'thomie, m'homie, m'omie, m'comie, and latterly m'combie and thoms. (memoirs 
    of the families of m'combie and thoms, p. 5)
thomson, 'son of thom," 
    q.v. a fairly numerous surname in scotland. . . . many individuals of 
    this name in perthshire and argyllshire are really mactavishes. the surname 
    in these districts is an anglicized form of gaelic mac thomais, 'son 
    of thomas,' or of mac thomaidh, 'son of tommie.' the name is usually 
    spelled makcome (3 syllables) in the early records, and was formerly common 
    in upper deeside. . . . in some instances it is also an englishing of 
    maccomie, q.v. see also thomason.
macavish, maccause, 
    maccavish, macawis, maccaws. in g. macthamhais, 'son of tammas,' the 
    scottish form of thomas. . . . mcawis, m'awishe, m'cavss, m'cauish, m'cavish, 
    makcawis, mckawes, vckavis, m'avish, m'cavis, makcaws.
maccomb, maccombe. from 
    g. mac thom, 'son of tom,' now often englished thom. the b is 
    accretionary. . . . in the parish lists of wigtownshire and minigaff, 1684, 
    the name also appears as mccolm, mccomb, mccome, and mckcomb.
combe. most probably 
    shortened from (mac)comb, q.v. 
maccombich, macchombich. 
    g. mac-thomaidh, 'son of tommie' (diminutive of thomas). a common 
    name in breadalbane two hundred years ago. . . . and still found in 
    argyllshire.
maccombie, maccombe, 
    maccomie, macomie.  g. maccomaidh. a contracted form of 
    macthomaidh, 'son of tommie or tommy." in perthshire frequently englished 
    thomson.  the b was introduced into the name about the end of 
    the eighteenth century. maccomy was a common surname in breadalbane 250 
    years and more years ago. . . . mackomie and m'komy 1696, m'colmy 1644, 
    mccolme 1585, m'come 1644, mcchomay, m'homie.
macomish, maccomish.  
    g. mac thomais, 'son of thomas.' 
mactavish. from g. mac 
    tamhais, a form of macthamhais, 'son of tammas,' the lowland 
    scots form of thomas. mactavishes are numerous in argyllshire. the 
    mactavishes of stratherrick are considered a sept of the frasers.
taweson, tawesson. an 
    englishing of mactavish, q.v.
taws, tawse. a phonetic 
    spelling of gaelic tamhas, 'thomas.' . . . the surname taise, found in mar 
    in the seventeenth century, is probably another form of the name. see 
    mactavish.
maccash, macash, maccaish. 
    perthshire surnames, probably contracted forms of mactavish, q.v. 
macthom.  g. mac 
    thom, 'son of tom,' a diminutive of thomas. . . . see also maccomb.
macthomas.  g. mac 
    tomais, 'son of thomas." the branch of the clan mackintosh which came 
    afterwards to be known by the surname macthomas was descended from adam 
    m'william of garvarmore, in badenoch, a natural son of william, the seventh 
    chief of the clan mackintosh. . . . the aspirated form, mac thomais, 
    gives macomish, mac homas . . . .

from bardsley, a 
    dictionary of english and welsh surnames with special american instances:
[diminutive suffixes from 
    pages 24-25: diminutives in ot and et . . . all the 
    diminutives in ot and et were added to the nick of the name, 
    which was always one syllable [e.g. thomset].  diminutives in on 
    or in. . . . huggins or hutchins represents a once familiar term for 
    hugh, perrin for peter, robin or dobbin for robert [and thomasin for 
    thomas]. diminutives in kin.  kin came to mean a 'young one,' a 
    child. . . . i may mention hawkins (henry), tompkins (thomas), simkin 
    (simon), jenkins (john) . . .]
thom, thoms, thomes.--
    bapt. 'the son of thomas,; from the nick. thome or tom. thome being the 
    earlier form; v. thomson.
thomas, thomason, 
    thomasson, thomassin, thomeson.--(i) bapt. 'the son of thomas.' thomas 
    or thome (whence tom) was a universal favourite. the 13th and 14th century 
    registers teem  with it; v. tomlin, tomilinson, thomson, thompson, 
    tomkins, tomkinson, tombs, &c. (a) bapt. 'the son of thomasin' (q.v.). the 
    two have become mixed.
thomasin.--bapt. 
    'the son of thomas,' from the dim. thomasin. a feminine thomasina or 
    thomasine arose about the year 1350, and was popular as a font-name over the 
    whole country till the 18th century. it is found in every register in every 
    conceivable form, including tamzen and tomson. no doubt thomasin, as a 
    surname, has long been lost in thomason or thomson. . . . for other 
    instances, v. thomas.
thomasset, tompsett, 
    thomsett, tomsett.--bapt. 'the son of thomas,' from the dim. thomas-et. 
    the p in tompsett is intrusive, as in thompson. although there cannot 
    be the shadow of a doubt about the origin of this surname, i have not come 
    upon any early instances.
thomerson--bapt. a 
    corruption of thomasson (v.thomas).
thomlinson, thomlin.--bapt. 
    'the son of thomas,' from the nick. thom, and the dim. thom-lin; v. tomlin 
    for early instances.
thoms.--bapt. 'the 
    son of thomas,' from the nick. thom (later on tom), and genitive thoms. 
    hence thomson. v.thom.
thomson, thompson.--bapt. 
    'the son of thome,' i.e. thomas (v.thom). the p in thompson is, of 
    course, intrusive.
tamblyn, tamlin, 
    tamlyn.--bapt. 'the son of thomas,' from the nick. tom (commonly tam) 
    and dim. tomlin (commonly tamlin). the b in tamblin is the usual 
    excrescence; cf. hamblin for hamlin, and v. tomblin, tamplin, and tomlin. it 
    is interesting to notice how determinately the o in tom became a. 
    even tomlinson is found as taminson.
tamlin, -lyn; v. 
    tamblyn.
tamplin.--bapt. 
    'the son of thomas.' the order is thomas, nick. tom, dim. thomelin or 
    tomlin, north or south-west english tamlin, then with intrusive but 
    inevitable p, tamplin; cf. thompson and thomson from same root. v. 
    tomlin, tamblyn, and taplin.
tamson, tams.--bapt. 
    'the son of thomas,' from the nick. tom (commonly tam) and patronymic tams or tamson; v. tamblyn, tamplin, &c. 
taplin, tapling.--bapt. 
    'the son of thomas,' from nick. tom, and dim. tamlin, which became tamplin (q.v), 
    corrupted to taplin. thus the p is intrusive as in tompson, and the
    g excrescent as in robling or hewlings; cf. tapson for tampson.
tappin, tapping.--bapt. 
    'the son of thomas,' a corruption of tamplin, q.v.
tapson.--bapt. 'the 
    son of thomas,' a corruption of tampson (v. tamplin and tamblyn), just as 
    taplin is a corruption of tamplin (i.e.tamlin, or tomlin).
tolmin, tolming, 
    toulmin.--bapt. 'the son of thomas,' a curious inversion of tomlin. i 
    have no absolute proof of this, but i cannot doubt it. if i am wrong, then 
    these names are variants of toleman, q.v. in furness and the neighbouring 
    district, where tomlin and tomlinson (now often townson, q.v.) were very 
    familiar, we find tolming settled for generations.
tolson, toulson, 
    towlson, towlsion.--(i) bapt. 'the son of thomas.' odd as it may seem, 
    these are but corruptions of tomlinson, and in the lake district and other 
    parts of north england they have gone through the stages of towlinson and 
    towlason to towlson.  townson (q.v.) is the popular modern form.
tom.--bapt. 'the 
    son of thomas,' from the nick. tom; v. toms.
tomalin.--bapt. 
    'the son of thomas,' a corruption of tomblinson; v. tomblin.
tomblin, tomblinson.--bapt. 
    'the son of thomas,' from the nick. tom, dim. tom-lin, with usual excrescent
    b after m; cf. timbs and tombs, and v. tomlin.
tombs, toombs.--bapt. 
    'the son of thomas,' from the nick. tom, patr. toms, with intrusive b 
    after m; cf. tomblin.
tomes; v. toms, of 
    which it is a variant. cf. times, a variant of tims or timms; v. timm.
tomkin, tomkins, 
    tomkinson, tomkies.--bapt. 'the son of thomas,' from the nick. thom, by 
    and by reduced to tom, dim. tom-kin (v. kin, introd. p. 25). tomkies, of 
    course, is a corruption of tomkins, as perkiss or parkies is of perkins.
thomlin, tomlins, 
    tomlinson, tomlyn.--bapt. 'the son of thomas,' from the nick. tom, and 
    dim. tom-lin; v. thomlinson.
tompkin, tompkins.--bapt. 
    'the son of thomas,' from the nick. tom and dim. tom-kin. the p is 
    intrusive, as in thompson; cf. wilkin, watkin, simpkin, &c.   v. 
    tomkin.
tompsett; v. 
    thomasset.
tompson.--bapt. 
    'the son of thomas,' from the nick. tom. the p is intrusive as in 
    tompkins, simpkins, &c.; v. thomson.
toms, tomes, tomson.--bapt. 
    'the son of thomas,' from the nick. tom' v. thom and tombs.
tomsett; v. 
    thomasset.
towerson.--bapt. 
    'the son of thomas,' one of endless corruptions of tomlinson (v. tolson and 
    townson). the stages of corruption were first towleson, then towenson, then 
    towerson ; cf. catterson for catlinson, or patterson for pattinson.
townson.--bapt. 
    'the son of thomas.'  however odd this may seem to be, it is 
    unmistakably true. townson is a north lancashire corruption of the great 
    furness surname tomlinson through the stage towenson. of this there cannot 
    be the shadow of a doubt. even now townson is pronounced tone-son in the 
    district. 
[**note by linda thompson 
    jonas: the surname townson is not the same as the surname townsend which 
    means 'at the town-end,' but townson may have been misinterpreted as 
    townsend after emigration to other areas. do not dismiss dna matches to 
    the surname townsend or townshend.]
towson.--bapt. 'the 
    son of thomas,' an abbreviated form of townson, q.v.  this corruption 
    is early found in north lancashire, where townson and towson, &c. arose. 
    towson is thus but a modification of towenson as that is of tomlinson.

the top ten surnames in scotland in 
    recent years (1999-2001) are:
1. smith   2. brown   
    3. wilson   4. campbell   5. stewart   
6. thomson   
    7. robertson   8. anderson   9. macdonald   10. scott
thompson was among the top twenty 
    surnames in the united states, 1990:
1. smith   2. johnson   
    3. williams   4. jones   5. brown   6. davis   
    7. miller   8. wilson   9. moore   10. taylor   11. anderson   12. thomas   
    13. jackson   14. white   15. harris  16. martin 
    17. thompson   
    18. garcia   19. martinez   20. robinson

for more information, 
    contact linda thompson jonas or katherine borges
co-administrator-linda
          thompson jonas
co-administrator-katherine
          borges

for more 
	information on the relationship between dna testing and traditional 
	genealogy, visit 
world families network.

useful links



thompson one-name study 


world families 
	network forums
     

pedigree forum
     
world families network 
	general discussion
 
this site provided by

world families network 







copyright © 2005  world 
						families network. 

licensed according to the 
						creative commons attribution-noncommercial-sharealike 2.5 
						license. all rights reserved. 
commercial use is not allowed 
						without specific written permission. the 
						information is free for personal users and researchers, 
						attribution is required on derivative works and a 
						share-alike license applies. you can click on the image 
						or the link for more information. there may be errors in 
						this work. you should do your own research and should 
						not rely on the correctness of information here.

 


 
except where otherwise 

noted, this 
						site is licensed 
						under a 

creative commons attribution 2.5 license
last published: 07/30/2005 09:27:16










 



     

