




consumer world









































agencies
shopping

bargains
shopping


newsletter
help

agencies
past front pages
support us
email us
about


search





  week of february 17, 2025  (see last week)    




consumer news quickies
 
msn links on mobile may need app


judge halts firing at federal consumer agency
 after returning $21 billion to consumers, cfpb shuttered; no one is minding banks and credit
 firing workers is the new way to deregulate; we're losing protections








adv

 car insurance up 12%; see average in each state
 cbc tracked sale prices at old navy; true discounts rare
 real estate payment scams on the rise
 13 things free from medicare; 9 things not covered
 how to get a refund on a nonrefundable airline ticket
 summary of surveys rating the best/worst cruise lines
 amazon wins prime video lawsuit because of fine print
 group helps victims of romance scams
 she lost almost $1-mil in romance scam
 15 consumer victims helped by abc chicago consumer chronicles
 the top seller of organic produce is not whole foods
 tmo's texting via satellite free for everyone to try
 why not to get roadside assistance from your insurer
 united health mulls suing online detractors
 tx-ag sues allstate over data privacy issues
 new ftc managers appointed
 iphone's secret feature to improve sound quality
 in small comparison, some grocery prices have fallen
 is the penny going to disappear?
 some temu sellers in china use fake usps postage labels to save money
 how the "birthday rule" lets medigap (supplement plan) holders change plans
 some tuna from trader joe's, h-e-b, costco, walmart recalled
 how much you need to retire comfortably in each state
 top 10 super bowl ads named
 ai "operator" can book travel for you
 joann fabrics to close 500 stores (list)



 report bad links to: comment(at)consumerworld.org






top stories

consumer world original
 mouse print*-- ct-ag intros bill to require shrinkflation disclosure  


hooray! the connecticut attorney general just filed a bill in the state legislature to require manufacturers and stores to disclose when a product has been reduced in size but not in price proportionately.
that story is in mouse print* this week.



are you using an easy-to-guess pin number?


everyone makes a big deal about the need to use complex passwords to protect ourselves.  but what about pin numbers -- those four-digit codes we use at supermarkets, atms, and on our computers? turns out that almost 10% of people use the same pin: 1234. here is a list of the 50 most popular pin numbers that you should avoid using.







  adv




updated daily









powered by surfing waves



free perks you didn't know you had


how would you like a free extended warranty on your major appliances? or a free replacement if something you just bought gets lost or stolen? or free cellphone repairs if you shatter the screen? these are just some of the benefits that you may be entitled to depending on what credit card you have or what warehouse club you're a member of.




consumer alert
are you paying more because of "surveillance pricing?" 






[ingore ad at beginning.] a  recent study by the federal trade commission reveals that a person's precise location or browser history can be frequently used by sellers to target individual consumers with different prices for the same goods and services. the above video suggests some ways to mitigate the problem. here is a more detailed summary of the ftc study.



paywall note: we try to feature free stories that are fully readable. if you are blocked reading a wall street journal story, get a free, renewable 3-day pass. and if you hit the new york times paywall, here is a three-day pass you can sign up for. for other blocked stories try a different browser and clear cookies of that site from it. some newspapers may block you based on your repeated use of their site, or convert previously free stories to pay stories without notice. some msn links when viewed on a cellphone omit the regular "continue reading" button and require app use.




  

enter an item, or preferably paste its amazon url (address)










spot a bargain by comparing its current price to its price history. 161980 







visit our sister site










 newsletter sign up 
 every monday morning, get a preview of the latest consumer stories and the bargain of the week in your email box...free! sign up now. 






  adv



 consumer news


 consumer news (google)







  










  adv




bargain of the week 
buy $6+ of any groceries, get $5 back via card rebate

don't ask me why, but a beer company is offering a virtual $5 mastercard debit card rebate when you submit a store receipt for at least $6 of grocery purchases. offer is good all year. limit one per address. good in most states, but different rules apply in california.
 

see also: hot deals





 consumer reports 
7 things you shouldn't clean with dish soap

mrconsumer always cleans his granite countertop with dawn and a stiff scrubber. consumer reports says that is a no-no, along with other things dish soap should not be used for.



more from consumer reports
updated daily; most stories free; ratings not free
  





consumer world originals

archive



 retailers' return policies (2024)
 black friday shopping tips (2024)
 shoppers rebel over locked-up products
 advocates urge grocers to stop digital discrimination of seniors on sale items
 how manufacturers "price fix" some groceries
 scammers clone news sites like cnn to post fake news stories about their own products
 wayfair made exaggerated savings claims
 network tv news/talk shows get secret payments hyping products
 this trick could save you $4,000 on health insurance
 what grade are restaurant steaks?
 credit cards dropping benefits
 warranty info missing at net stores
 click vs brick prices can vary wildly
 buying groceries at the drugstore
 price-match policies get tricky
 downsizing and shrinkflation: see how products are shrinking
 prescription drug discount cards (2012 study)
 survey: metric measurements on food nutrition labels mislead many





  support consumer journalism  










if you have a comment about consumer world®, write to: comment [at symbol] consumerworld.org


follow consumer world® on twitter and facebook.

copyright © 1995-2025 consumer world&reg.   all rights reserved. privacy policy and terms
 ++ we may receive compensation if you make a purchase from this link.


.





