

daliart










salvador dali at m&m art gallery 


whether buying or selling a dali work 
  of art, contact us before making any decision!

salvador dali art works are our specialty. 
  without a doubt dali is the greatest surrealist of modern times. salvador dali 
  art prints are very popular among international top collectors.
  salvador dali and 
  museums:salvador dali works are currently exhibited 
  in the great modern art museums throughout the world, in the best private 
  collections and sold in the upscale art galleries. at least five complete 
  museums are totally dedicated to his works, some of them are: the salvador 
  dali museum-theater in figueres, spain, founded in 1974, where dali's remains 
  are buried; the salvador dali museum in st. petersburg, florida, usa, founded 
  in 1982, where hundreds of dali's most impressive works are exhibited and the 
  espace dali-montmartre in paris, france, founded in 1991, where a very large 
  selection of his bronzes and statues can be seen in a very subreal 
  environment. without a doubt one of the greatest artists of our times! visit 
  two of these great museums with our links below and experience the fantastic 
  work of dali.
  a sample of dali's 
  surrealism:below is one of dali's most famous 
  pieces: "one second before awakening from a dream caused by the flight of a 
  bee around a pomegranate". this oil painting was executed by salvador dali in 
  1944:

we buy and 
  sell:we are currently expanding our art gallery 
  inventory and are actively buying, as well as selling, fine art graphic works 
  by the great surrealist master salvador dali. should you want to sell a dali 
  piece of art, please let us know full particulars, such as condition, media, 
  framed or unframed, edition quantity, if certified and by whom, etc. and 
  include an idea of the price you wish to obtain. we will be contacting you 
  shortly.
  we will service your 
  needs:should you need further information on a 
  particular piece of fine art by dali that you want to purchase please do not 
  hesitate to contact us by sending a message through the internet to: dalifineart@aol.com and we will happily 
  give you such details as availability, pricing, edition size, paper, 
  condition, etc. of the art work of your interest. please make sure that you 
  include your email address when sending a message.
  our commitment to quality and 
  assurance:we only buy and sell certified art works. 
  every graphic that we sell at our art gallery is unconditionally and fully 
  guaranteed to be authentic. salvador dali fine art graphic works will be 
  accompanied by a certificate of authenticity from our art gallery. we have 
  more than twenty five years of experience in buying and/or selling dali art 
  works!
  every single salvador dali art work that we sell is listed in "the official 
  catalog of the graphic works of salvador dali" by mr. albert field, the only 
  official archivist authorized by dali. when you buy from us you can be 100% 
  sure that you will be buying only authentic dali signed fine art!
  so feel free to contact us, without any obligation, and we will be happy to 
  provide you with full particulars on the fine art graphic work of your choice, 
  or if you prefer, we will suggest a piece that will be to your liking and 
  which we expect to increase in value with time as well as a solid investment.
  we look forward to be of assistance in servicing your graphic art works 
  needs!
  we cover the world:we ship worldwide and you may buy with confidence by 
  charging your purchase to visa or mastercard!
m&m art gallery, 
  inc.fax: 1-787-755-1771






 salvador dali museum in 
        florida

 espace 
        dali-montmartre in paris

 gala-salvador dali foundation in 
        spain

 send email to: dalifineart@aol.com 


this page created using the webpage creation facilities of webspawner.copyright © 2001 m&m 
  art gallery, inc. site created in august 11,1997. all rights reserved. 
  
