







baylug – welcome to baylug!











































facebooktwitterinstagrambaylug

baylug news
events
in the media


bayltc

city block standard
table design
track clearance standard


gallery
membership

membership info
join / renew


lego® links
wiki
f.a.q.
contact us
search




menu


menu

 






previousnext1234567

what is baylug?

we are a group of enthusiasts dedicated to designing & building lego®. 

we meet monthly and participate in lego® events.


upcoming events

general lug meetingfebruary 23 @ 11:30 am - 4:00 pm  pst museum of american heritagegeneral lug meetingapril 13 @ 11:30 am - 4:00 pm  pdt museum of american heritagebricks by the books 2025may 10 @ 10:00 am - 4:00 pm  pdt santa clara city librarybaylug news

baylug in the newsjanuary 3, 2025 - 3:03 pmdonation to family giving treedecember 2, 2024 - 12:07 pmsunnyvale public library december refreshdecember 2, 2024 - 11:54 amdonation to sunnyvale heritage park museumoctober 14, 2024 - 1:23 pmmembers info

members: please use the wiki pages to indicate your participation in event activities.

    

join baylug today

baylug always welcomes new members, new input into our organization, and new ideas. if you have questions about the group, or suggestions for the web site, please send email to baylug2014 @gmail.com
you can become a member online through our web site
bay area l-gauge train club

many baylug members are also members of the bay area l-gauge train club, or bayltc. we display our lego model trains and scenery at model train shows and other public exhibits.
baylug club officers

the 2024-2026 baylug executive committee (officers)

president – russell clark
vice president – adam williams
secretary – autumn victor
treasurer – jennifer nogle
quartermaster – simone williams


   

recognized lego user group lego® is a trademark of the lego group of companies that does not sponsor, authorize or endorse this site.


not what you were looking for?the bay area linux users group (balug)can be found at: https://www.balug.org
baylug policiesnon-discrimination policy
bylaws
privacy policy
 baylug graphic by fred yokel. bayltc graphic by fred yokel, mark benz, john neal, and russell clark. updated bayltc graphic modified by tony la.







© copyright 2021- baylug eb jk 






scroll to top

this site uses cookies. by continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.accept settingshide notification onlysettingscookie and privacy settings
how we use cookies


we may request cookies to be set on your device. we use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
click on the different category headings to find out more. you can also change some of your preferences. note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.



essential website cookies


these cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. you always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. but this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
we fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. you are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. if you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
we provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. you can check these in your browser security settings.
check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. we need 2 cookies to store this setting. otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
click to enable/disable essential site cookies.



other external services


we also use different external services like google webfonts, google maps, and external video providers. since these providers may collect personal data like your ip address we allow you to block them here. please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. changes will take effect once you reload the page.
google webfont settings:
click to enable/disable google webfonts.
google map settings:
click to enable/disable google maps.
google recaptcha settings:
click to enable/disable google recaptcha.
vimeo and youtube video embeds:
click to enable/disable video embeds.



privacy policy


you can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our privacy policy page. 
privacy policy




accept settingshide notification only 











