









how to get windows 11 for your compatible pc | microsoft































 








skip to main content







microsoft



windows




windows




                            windows
                        




 home 



about windows


meet windows 11


compare windows 10 & 11


windows 11 security


ai features in windows


photo & film editing


draw & create with paint


digital pen, voice & touch


apps


pc gaming


sync smartphones to computer


windows accessibility features



 

get windows


how to get windows 11


windows 11 specs & requirements


windows backup


faq


help me choose a pc


buy windows 11 home


buy windows 11 pro



 

shop pcs


help me choose a pc


pc buying guide


shop all pcs


shop laptops


shop copilot+ pcs


shop 2-in-1s


shop gaming pcs


shop desktop computers


laptops for university students



 

get help


windows help & support


tips


end of support for previous versions



 
for business



more







 



 all microsoft


global


microsoft 365


teams


copilot


windows


surface


xbox


deals


small business


support




software
software


windows apps


ai


onedrive


outlook


skype


onenote


microsoft teams




pcs & devices  
pcs & devices  


computers


shop xbox


accessories


vr & mixed reality




entertainment
entertainment


xbox game pass ultimate


xbox games


pc games


windows digital games


movies & tv




business
business


microsoft cloud


microsoft security


azure


dynamics 365


microsoft 365 for business


microsoft industry


microsoft power platform


windows 365




developer & it  
developer & it  


microsoft developer


documentation


microsoft learn


microsoft tech community


azure marketplace


appsource


visual studio




other
other


microsoft rewards 


free downloads & security


education


virtual workshops and training


gift cards


licensing


microsoft experience centre




view sitemap










search
search microsoft.com




 no results




cancel



sign in























windows



check for upgrade now


















how to get windows 11
see if this pc is eligible for an upgrade to windows 11—or experience all windows has to offer with a new pc.


check for compatibility


shop windows 11 pcs








ready to upgrade to windows 11?
windows 11 delivers continuous innovations that make the everyday easier and help keep your pc running securely and efficiently. check if your pc is eligible1 to upgrade to windows 11 in three easy steps.



use the arrow keys to navigate through the pivots and tab to focus on focusable content inside a pivot section

 

ready to upgrade

system requirements















 1. settings

                                                 select the start button, then click on settings.
                                             












 2. update & security

                                                 click on update & security.
                                             












 3. windows update

                                                 select check for updates to see if your pc can run windows 11, or if the upgrade is ready for your pc.1













minimum system requirements
read here for more information on system requirements and information on how some pcs might be able to update or change settings to meet the requirements.









list of all minimum system requirements for windows 11


processor:
1 gigahertz (ghz) or faster with 2 or more cores on a compatible 64-bit processor or system on a chip (soc).


memory:
4 gb ram.


storage:
64 gb or larger storage device.


system firmware:
uefi, secure boot capable. check here for information on how your pc might be able to meet this requirement.










list of all minimum system requirements for windows 11


tpm:
trusted platform module (tpm) version 2.0. check here for instructions on how your pc might be enabled to meet this requirement.


graphics card:
compatible with directx 12 or later with wddm 2.0 driver.


display resolution:
high definition (720p) display that is greater than 9” diagonally, 8 bits per colour channel.


internet connection:
microsoft account and internet connectivity required for set-up for windows 11 home and for windows 11 pro for personal use.







your device must be running windows 10, version 2004 or later, to upgrade. free updates are available through windows update in settings>update and security.certain features require specific hardware.2 system requirements to run some apps will exceed the windows 11 minimum device specifications. check device compatibility information specific to the apps you want to install. available storage on your device will vary based on installed apps and updates. performance will scale with higher end, more capable pcs. additional requirements may apply over time and for updates.


 













your time is valuablewindows 11 pcs come with a better interface, intuitive navigation, and faster performance. maximize your productivity with improved microsoft tools you use every day. just answer a few questions and get a pc recommendation that matches your needs.


see all pcs


show my options







shop for a windows 11 pc at these retailers1 2










currys
buy online








argos
buy online








john lewis
buy online








amazon
buy online


















want windows 11 on your custom-built pc? whether installing windows on your custom pc or building a new one, you may need to purchase a licence to run windows 11.2 

get your licence















frequently asked questions




expand all
 | 
collapse all


what is the difference between windows 10 and windows 11?

windows 11 has all the power and security of windows 10 with a redesigned and refreshed look. it also comes with new tools, sounds and apps. every detail has been considered. all of it comes together to bring you a refreshing experience on your pc. some windows 10 features are not available in windows 11, see windows 11 specifications.



do my accessories work with windows 11?

if your accessories worked with windows 10 and meet the windows 11 requirements, they should work with windows 11. if you want to be sure, please check with your accessory manufacturer.



what are the minimum hardware requirements for windows 11?

the minimum hardware requirements are available here.



how do i know if my current windows 10 pc meets the hardware requirements for windows 11?

windows update will provide an indication if pc is eligible or not. check by going to settings > windows update.



what if my pc doesn’t meet the minimum hardware specifications? can i stay on windows 10?

yes! windows 10 continues to be a great version of windows. we have committed to supporting windows 10 until 14 october 2025.



how will i know when the upgrade is available for my windows 10 pc?

windows update will provide an indication if and when your pc is eligible, or you can check by going to settings/windows update.



how much does it cost to upgrade from windows 10 to windows 11?

it’s free. but only windows 10 pcs that are running the most current version of windows 10 and meet the minimum hardware specifications will be able to upgrade. you can check to see if you have the latest updates for windows 10 in settings/windows update. note that in areas where the internet is metered, isp fees may apply.



what is the difference between upgrade and update?

an update can consist of bug and security fixes and new features in a version of windows. they tend to roll out throughout the year. an upgrade is when you change versions—for example, moving from windows 10 to windows 11, or moving editions from windows home to windows pro.



how long will the free upgrade offer last?

the free upgrade offer does not have a specific end date for eligible systems. however, microsoft reserves the right to eventually end support for the free offer.



can i continue to use windows 10?

yes. you do not have to upgrade to windows 11. we will continue to support windows 10 until 14 october 2025.



does windows 11 take up more space on my pc than windows 10?

no. windows 11 and windows 10 require approximately the same amount of disk space. during the upgrade process, however, extra space is required. windows will clean up this extra disk space about 10 days after the upgrade is complete.



is windows 11 a windows 10 replacement?

windows 11 is the newest version of windows. however, we will continue to support windows 10 until 14 october 2025.



if i upgrade to windows 11, what happens to my files?

by default, all your files and data will transfer. however, we recommend backing up your files before installation. learn more about onedrive pc folder back-up.



can i go back to windows 10 after i upgrade, if i don’t like windows 11?

yes. after you have installed the windows 11 upgrade, there is a 10-day period where you can move back to windows 10 while keeping files and data that you brought along with you. to go back to windows 10, select start> settings> system> recovery> go back. after the 10-day period is over, you will need to back up your data and do a “clean install” to move back to windows 10.



how long does it take to install windows 11?

downloading and installing windows 11 will most likely take longer than a typical windows 10 feature update. you can use your pc while you’re downloading windows 11 and you also have the option to schedule the installation to happen at a specific time when you aren’t planning on using your pc. once it is downloaded and ready to install, you will be guided through the installation process, which includes a series of screens and prompts. there will be at least one restart. by default, all your files and data will transfer. however, we recommend backing up your files before installation. learn more about onedrive pc folder back-up. note that in areas where the internet is metered, isp fees may apply. if your organisation manages your pc, please contact your company’s it department about getting windows 11.



can i upgrade my windows 10 pc to windows 11 if i’m running s mode?

if your pc meets the minimum hardware specifications, the windows 10 home edition in s mode can upgrade to the windows 11 home edition in s mode. if your windows 10 pc is running the pro edition in s mode, you will need to switch out of s mode to upgrade to windows 11 pro. windows 11 pro edition is not available in s mode.



can a really old pc run windows 11?

windows update will provide an indication if pc is eligible or not. check by going to settings > windows update. many pcs that are less than five years old will be able to upgrade to windows 11. they must be running the most current version of windows 10 and meet the minimum hardware requirements.



where can i find more information about windows 11 for my business?

learn about windows 11 for your business.



what edition of windows 11 will i get when i upgrade?

the free upgrade is for the same edition as you have on your windows 10 device. if you have windows 10 home edition, you will be upgraded to windows 11 home edition.



does the upgrade to windows 11 have any geographical limitations?

devices eligible for the upgrade to windows 11 do not have any special geographic limitations and can be offered for sale in all markets where windows is sold.



how will i know if i purchased a pc that can upgrade to windows 11?

there will be a few ways to identify a device eligible for the upgrade to windows 11. we have currently developed a system to include markers for: device boxes, packaging, printed fact tags, in-box flyers, printed catalogues, in-store signage, product webpages, web banners, retail demonstration experiences, and print and digital ads. you can also check to see if it meets the minimum hardware requirements.



why should i upgrade to windows 11?

windows 11 offers enhanced performance, comprehensive security and a new design. new features like snap layouts, widgets and chat give you the ability to find what you need and to connect with who you need to quickly. to learn more about the easy-to-use windows 11 features, click here.



when should i upgrade to windows 11?

check settings > windows update to see if your pc meets the minimum system requirements and to confirm that the upgrade is ready for your pc. once the upgrade is ready, we recommend that you initiate the free upgrade to windows 11 right away. this allows you to experience the benefits of windows 11.



does microsoft 365 work with windows 11?

microsoft 365 and windows 11 are optimised to work together and give you the best customer experience. to learn more, view the microsoft 365 page.



how does the pc health check app work?

pc health check is an app on your pc that helps you understand the health of your computer better. it will also let you know if your computer meets the minimum system requirements to upgrade to windows 11. and if your computer is not eligible for the upgrade, it will show you why. see this article for more information on how to run pc health check.









links







windows insider programme








windows support








windows blog








ask the community








newsletter















                        screens simulated. features and app availability may vary by region.
                    


1

                        windows 11 upgrade is available for eligible pcs that meet minimum device specifications. upgrade timing may vary by device. internet service fees may apply. features and app availability may vary by region. certain features require specific hardware (see windows 11 specifications).
                    


2

                        certain features require specific hardware, see windows 11 specifications.
                    



 




follow microsoft windows




follow microsoft windows on facebook





follow microsoft windows on x (formerly twitter)







share this page




share this page on facebook





share this page on x (formerly twitter)

















what's new


surface pro


surface laptop


surface laptop studio 2


surface laptop go 3


microsoft copilot


ai in windows


explore microsoft products


windows 11 apps




microsoft store


account profile


download center


microsoft store support


returns


order tracking


microsoft experience centre


recycling


microsoft store promise




education


microsoft in education


devices for education


microsoft teams for education


microsoft 365 education


office education


educator training and development


deals for students and parents


azure for students






business


microsoft cloud


microsoft security


azure


dynamics 365


microsoft 365


microsoft 365 copilot


microsoft teams


small business




developer & it


microsoft developer


documentation


microsoft learn


microsoft tech community


azure marketplace


appsource


microsoft power platform


visual studio




company


careers


about microsoft


company news


privacy at microsoft


investors


sustainability






english (united kingdom)


your privacy choices opt-out icon





your privacy choices




your privacy choices opt-out icon





your privacy choices



consumer health privacy




contact microsoft


privacy


manage cookies


terms of use


trademarks


about our ads


eu compliance docs


regulatory reporting

© microsoft 2025








 






























