




 


archivists round table of metropolitan new york - home


























log in



























remember me
forgot password









 






home






about






nyaw






members






donate






events






publications






jobs






advocacy













the archivists round table is collecting resources to support archivists and allied professionals in the area related to issues of recent concern that are impacting our communities. please visit our covid-19 resource page and human rights & anti-racism resources for more details.














<< first
 < prev 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 ... 
 next > 
last >> 







call for submissions: metropolitan archivist, summer 2025






monday, february 10, 2025 2:33 pm |
                nicole font (administrator)





the archivists round table of metropolitan new york (art) welcomes contributions for the summer 2025 issue of the metropolitan archivist, art’s online digital publication featuring short- and long-form articles, reviews and interviews, and collection spotlights.
the forthcoming issue of the metropolitan archivist is organized around the theme of all in the family - exploring the role of family in the archives, whether in the traditional sense of biological relatives or the broader sense of communities, chosen families, and cultures writ large. 
we want to hear about your work on collections ranging from family papers to family business records to community archives; challenges and opportunities presented by genealogical research; the tension between deeply personal materials and the impartiality of arrangement and description; and the varying definitions of “family” that present themselves in archival collections.
other questions to ponder include:

how can archives be used to redefine, reconstruct, or reclaim family histories?


where do we draw the line between our professional archival training and the role of family historian/family archivist?


how do we weigh matters of private “family business” against the research value of information contained within such collections?


other than genealogists, what kind of researchers should archivists keep in mind when processing and describing collections about families?

we also seek reviewers for new york-area museum and gallery exhibitions, as listed on the submission form. additional suggestions welcome, particularly those which relate to this issue’s theme.
please send a brief pitch (maximum 500 words) or select an exhibition to review via this form by monday, march 3rd for consideration. selected authors will be notified by monday, march 10th, and final drafts with cleared images permissions are due by monday, april 14th. authors will receive feedback from our team of editors over the following weeks and can expect to see their articles published in mid-july 2025.

























read the winter 2025 issue of the metropolitan archivist






tuesday, january 14, 2025 8:58 am |
                nicole font (administrator)





image from em longan's article "setting the stage: processing the robin wagner designs collection at nypl." watercolor drop of the new york city skyline for jerome robbins' broadway (1989). robin wagner designs, *t-vim 2023–001. billy rose theatre division, the new york public library for the performing arts. photograph by em longan, 2024.
image from em longan's article "setting the stage: processing the robin wagner designs collection at nypl." watercolor drop of the new york city skyline for jerome robbins' broadway (1989). robin wagner designs, *t-vim 2023–001. billy rose theatre division, the new york public library for the performing arts. photograph by em longan, 2024.the archivists round table of metropolitan new york (art) is excited to share the winter 2025 issue of the metropolitan archivist, let's get creative, which highlights a variety of archival collections, projects, and current exhibitions centering creativity and the arts. 
link to issue: https://medium.com/metropolitan-archivist  
please stay tuned for the next call for submissions for our summer issue. anyone who has suggestions for a theme, article, or review, or who would like to get involved in editing the next issue, should contact metropolitanarchivist@nycarchivists.org. 


























announcing the winners of the 2024 new york archives week awards!






tuesday, october 29, 2024 7:17 pm |
                nicole font (administrator)















the art awards ceremony took place on thursday october 17th at the new york archives week symposium. it is the only program in the metropolitan new york city region dedicated to honoring the work of archivists and those who support archival programs. congratulations to this year’s art awards winners!

archival achievement
recognizes an individual or archival program that has made an outstanding contribution to the archival profession, or a notable achievement of value to the archives community, its patrons or constituents. 
winner: center for brooklyn history, brooklyn public library
"the merging of two nineteenth-century institutions and collections is a daunting feat in and of itself, but merging them towards a new mission of accessible public service is even more vertiginous. the collections department at the center for brooklyn history has handled this transition and re-alignment with aplomb and professionalism, and with real enthusiasm. securing this wealth of information for the public good will forever change the range and caliber of the stories we're able to tell about the history of brooklyn, and by extension, the history of immigration, of industry, of urban life, and arts and culture. they deserve every accolade for their tireless efforts in this endeavor."

award for educational use of archives
recognizes and celebrates an individual or organization who utilizes primary source materials to create engaging and informative learning experiences for diverse audiences.
winner: friends of maple grove cemetery and nyc summer youth employment program
a group of four students from epic high school south collaborated with the friends of maple grove cemetery to honor over 1,200 individuals buried in mass graves there between 1925 and 1937, many of whom were children who died from diseases and malnutrition. as part of the project, titled "honoring the forgotten lives at maple grove cemetery," the students researched historical burial records, identifying 1,250 burials, with a focus on the 800 children. they partnered with local historians and an artist to create a marble lamb monument and a steel time capsule containing the names and stories of those they identified.

innovative use of archives
recognizes an individual or organization for use of archival material in a meaningful and creative way, making a significant contribution to a community or body of people, and demonstrating the relevance of archival materials to its subject.
winner: toxic docs
"toxic docs, a joint project of columbia university's mailman school of public health and the cuny graduate center, contains millions of pages of previously secret documents that have been brought to light by the discovery processes of recent toxic tort litigation relating to asbestos, lead, and pcbs. they include secret internal memoranda, emails, slides, board minutes, unpublished scientific studies, expert witness reports, and other kinds of documents. toxic docs is using computational methods, cloud computing, and parallel processing to make these documents into machine-readable, searchable text in ways that were not previously possible at this scale. the project is an ongoing repository, taking in new materials as lawsuits unearth them, and it is currently developing ai-based tools to make this vast collection searchable in even more ways. while it looks simple on the surface, it is an exciting model of archival access to materials of enormous civic importance."

outstanding support of archives
recognizes an individual or organization for notable contributions to archival records or archives programs through political, financial or moral support.
winner: metropolitan new york library council (metro)
"metro continues to reinvent itself with supportive, innovative, creative services, programs and grants that have become a lifeline to many in the profession during these crazy times."

art volunteer of the year
recognizes an individual who has made a remarkable contribution to the archivists round table.
winner: nicole font, art director of communications
"nicole is director of communications, an indispensable role which she has gone above and beyond in performing. art notifications are disseminated promptly and professionally, which has helped facilitate a notable uptick in programming events. nicole also serves on the programming committee where she continues to be a key organizer for a variety of highly engaging events around nyc and beyond."































register now! — new york archives week symposium and awards ceremony 2024






monday, september 16, 2024 9:36 am |
                nicole font (administrator)





digital symbiosis: archivists and technology — new york archives week symposium and awards ceremony 2024
the archivists round table of metropolitan new york (a.r.t.) is pleased to announce that after 5 years, the annual a.r.t. symposium and awards ceremony will take place in-person at the gotham center for new york city history on thursday, october 17th from 10:00 am – 4:30 pm. (registration will start at 9:30 am.)
as we grapple with digital preservation, it's crucial to weigh the pros and cons of technology. while advancements offer new possibilities, they also introduce challenges. this year's symposium explores the dynamic relationship between archivists and machines.
our speakers will delve into how technology can enhance workflow efficiency, user experience, and preservation efforts and will also explore potential pitfalls, including accessibility issues, sustainability concerns, and cost implications. by understanding both the benefits and drawbacks, we can make informed decisions about the best tools for preserving our digital heritage.
the symposium offers a full day of presentations on research, labor strategies, and best practices, with the aim of bringing together archivists, records managers, librarians, museum professionals, scholars, researchers, and the general public. 
please also join us to celebrate the distinguished work and lasting achievements of individuals and institutions of our profession for the awards ceremony, which will follow immediately after the symposium. 
this is an in-person event limited to 70 people. advance registration is required and non-transferable. please note that you must reserve a ticket in advance online in order to attend the symposium and awards ceremony. register here: https://nycarchivists.org/event-5874066 
coffee and a light lunch will be provided. 
admission

a.r.t. members: $20.00 per person
a.r.t. member students: $10.00 per person
non-a.r.t. members: $30.00 per person

location
the gotham center for new york city history, william p. kelly skylight conference room, rm 9100, 9th floor, 365 5th ave #6103, new york, ny 10016
date / time: thursday, october 17th, 2024, 10:00 am – 4:30 pm
please note: this event will not be recorded, but presentations will be organized in a proceedings document available sometime after the event. 

program
shifting platforms: the quest for long term preservation and access
harmonizing history: the new york philharmonic's digital migration journey | bill levay, digital archivist, new york philharmonic
contending with content concerns: a case study of nyc municipal archives reparative description practices and platform migration | kelli o'toole, digital preservation supervisor, department of records and information services, caleb simone, digital archivist, department of records and information services
all for one, and one for all: cuny’s move to archives space | regina carra, outreach & processing archivist, city university of new york, jessica webster, digital initiatives librarian/associate professor, baruch college, cuny, thomas cleary, laguardia community college, archivist

access: the importance of always keeping our communities in mind
using open data and crowdsourcing to create a dynamic map of history with queens name explorer | aimai reporter, metadata librarian - digital archives, queens public library - queens memory, lori wallach, outreach coordinator, queens college, ben smyth, co-founder of urban archive, urban archive
facilitating discovery and access: the challenges and successes of archival requesting at the new york public library | laura leone, senior project manager, collections access and discovery, new york public library, michelle mccarthy-behler, manager for public services, manuscripts, archives, and rare books, new york public library
enhancing discernment and reducing drudgery while cataloging wnyc's on the line: you get paid to think | martha ball, archive manager, new york public radio, marcos sueiro bal, project cataloger, new york public radio
cycles: preserving, using, and reactivating archives 
using web archives for primary source instruction | lizzy zarate, archives and records intern, nyc independent budget office
web archiving: preserving the future of scientific endeavor | chaeyeon kim, digital archivist, upstate medical university (suny) 
re-animating archives: performance art and mixed reality | mary o'leary, independent museum professional

special presentation: creating futures through memory work
arts2work digital archivist apprenticeship program: martha diaz, executive director, hip-hop education center and wendy levy, executive director, the alliance for media arts + culture
the alliance for media arts + culture presents the arts2work digital archivist apprenticeship, a groundbreaking initiative designed to address the burgeoning demand for skilled digital archivists and archival curators. the program specifically targets young people and emerging creative technologists who are disconnected from school and work, offering them a unique pathway to professional development in digital media archiving and digital asset management.
-----
please note that by registering and attending this event/webinar, you automatically grant your consent to be photographed and/ or video-recorded and to the release, publication, or reproduction of any and all recorded media of your appearance, voice, and name for any purpose whatsoever in perpetuity in connection with the archivists round table of metropolitan new york, inc. and its initiatives, including, by way of example only, use on websites, in social media, news, newsletters, metropolitan archivist, and advertising.



























call for submissions: metropolitan archivist, winter 2025






tuesday, august 20, 2024 12:13 am |
                nicole font (administrator)





the archivists round table of metropolitan new york (art) welcomes contributions for the winter 2025 issue of the metropolitan archivist, art’s online digital publication featuring short- and long-form articles, reviews and interviews, and collection spotlights
the forthcoming issue of the metropolitan archivist is organized around the theme let's get creative - focusing on the documentation of the arts as well as the creative potential of archives, records, and special collections.
we want to hear about archival collections that you've worked on related to art (including film, literature, theater, etc.), artists, and art institutions; outreach initiatives or collaborations between your repository and arts/education groups; personal experiences and challenges related to processing, exhibiting, or providing reference services to art-related materials; and ways that creativity plays a role in your work or the collections that you work with. we also welcome more creative approaches to writing about archives - short stories, poems, speculative essays, or any other way that you might want to share your work and experiences.
other questions to consider include:

what are some unique challenges or opportunities (logistical, legal, technological, etc.) presented by collections that document living artists?


how can the routine work of processing and providing access to collections be seen as part of the creative process?


what is an archival object, collection, or exhibition that has inspired you?


proposals are due by monday, september 2nd. selected authors will be notified by friday, september 6th, and final drafts with cleared images permissions are due by friday, october 18th.contact elizabeth kobert, director of publications, at metropolitanarchivist@nycarchivists.org with any questions.

link to form: https://forms.gle/aes5c7bmftstgast9


























new york archives week 2024 – call for community events






thursday, august 01, 2024 12:31 am |
                nicole font (administrator)





the archivists round table of metropolitan new york is pleased to announce new york archives week 2024, which will take place from wednesday, october 16th through wednesday, october 23rd.
archivists and institutions throughout the city are invited to share virtual and in-person events, collection tours, and community conversations on the a.r.t. archives week calendar via this submission form. the deadline for event submissions is monday, september 23, 2024. we look forward to an exciting and engaging week!
additionally, be sure to join us for the new york archives week symposium and awards ceremony on thursday, october 17, 2024, from 10:00 am – 4:00 pm at the gotham center for new york city history. this year's symposium theme, "archives and technology," will explore the intersection of technology and archives. more details will be coming soon.
if you have any questions about new york archives week, please contact a.r.t. president deidre dinnigan at president@nycarchivists.org. stay tuned for further details about upcoming a.r.t. programs!

























read the summer 2024 issue of the metropolitan archivist






tuesday, july 30, 2024 8:41 am |
                nicole font (administrator)






image from meagan connolly's article "just above midtown (jam) archives at the museum of modern art." performance photograph of blind dates, a collaborative performance by blondell cummings, senga nengudi, and yasunao tone from november 2–20, 1982. just above midtown archives, [ii.a.45]. the museum of modern art archives, new york.

the archivists round table of metropolitan new york (art) is excited to share the summer 2024 issue of the metropolitan archivist, (comm)unity/division, which highlights a variety of collaborative partnerships, explorations of new technologies, and two exhibition reviews.
link to issue: https://medium.com/metropolitan-archivist 
please stay tuned for the next call for submissions for our winter issue. anyone who has suggestions for a theme, article, or review, or who would like to get involved in editing the next issue, should contact metropolitanarchivist@nycarchivists.org. 


























call for nominations: 2024 new york archives week awards






sunday, june 09, 2024 11:45 pm |
                nicole font (administrator)





each year the archivists round table of metropolitan new york, inc. (art) presents five awards during new york archives week. the awards celebrate distinguished work and lasting achievements in our profession. we invite members to submit nominations for worthy colleagues, archival organizations, and innovative projects in the following categories:
outstanding support of archives
recognizes an individual or organization for notable contributions to archival records or archives programs through political, financial or moral support.
innovative use of archives
recognizes an individual or organization for use of archival material in a meaningful and creative way, making a significant contribution to a community or body of people, and demonstrating the relevance of archival materials to its subject.
archival achievement
recognizes an individual or archival program that has made an outstanding contribution to the archival profession, or a notable achievement of value to the archives community, its patrons or constituents. 
award for educational use of archives
recognizes and celebrates an individual or organization who utilizes primary source materials to create engaging and informative learning experiences for diverse audiences.
art volunteer of the year
recognizes an individual who has made a remarkable contribution to the archivists round table.
submission guidelines:


nominees must be an art member or operate within the new york metropolitan area.


explain why this individual or organization deserves to be recognized with this award.


provide links that illustrate or highlight the work and contributions of your nominee (if applicable).


deadline: please send nominations through this google form by wednesday, july 31, 2024, at 11:59 pm (et)
awards will be presented at this year's new york archives week symposium, taking place on thursday, october 17, 2024, from 10:00 am to 4:00 pm at the gotham center for new york city history.
please send any questions regarding the awards ceremony to veep@nycarchivists.org. 


























new york archives week symposium 2024: call for proposals






friday, june 07, 2024 9:40 am |
                nicole font (administrator)





date: thursday, october 17, 2024 – 10:00 am – 4:00 pm
location:
gotham center for new york city history,
the graduate center, city university of new york
365 fifth avenue
new york, ny 10016

the archivists round table of metropolitan new york, inc. (a.r.t.) is organizing a one-day symposium during the 2024 new york archives week. the day will focus on presentations and panel discussions, studies, strategies, research, analyses, and use studies with the aim of bringing together archivists, records managers, librarians, museum professionals, scholars, and the general public.
this year's topic, archives and technology, will explore ways in which technology and archives intersect. we welcome submissions that examine technological theories and practices in the evolving archives landscape.
what technological challenges do information institutions and archives face? what theories and practices are currently employed?  how might technology best support existing processes? what benefits might emerging technologies bring to the information management field?   what would the archiving landscape look like within new technological parameters?

areas of interest include, but are not limited to:

digitization technologies
diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility
advancements in preservation and conservation
advocacy, social justice, anti-racism, public policy, and activism
digital humanities and digital scholarship
user experience
security principles: confidentiality, integrity, availability
the digital divide
privacy and access
storage solutions
artificial intelligence and its impacts and opportunities
blockchain applications


submission guidelines

all individual presentations will be a maximum of 30 minutes long (10–15-page paper).
presenters may submit as part of a group. the maximum group size is three speakers.
submissions must include title, name of author, and institutional affiliation (if applicable)
email address, phone number, abstract (250 words max), and indication of technological requirements to support the presentation.
individual papers or entire panel proposals are accepted.


proposal submission deadline
proposals for the 2024 new york archives week symposium are due by 11:59 pm (et) on wednesday, july 31, 2024. please submit your proposals through this google form.
if you have any questions or concerns, please contact president@nycarchivists.org.


























meet the 2024 a.r.t board of directors candidates






tuesday, june 04, 2024 12:20 am |
                nicole font (administrator)






the archivists round table of metropolitan new york (a.r.t) is delighted to announce the slate of candidates for our open positions on the board of directors. take a moment to read the candidates' bios and statements, and cast your vote here.
members may vote via this online form until 11:59 pm (est) on friday, june 14, 2024. please note that you must enter the email address registered with your a.r.t. membership account.
the results of this election will be announced at the a.r.t. annual business meeting, which will be held online on thursday, june 20, 2024, from 6:30 to 7:30 pm (est). we invite you to join us to learn about the past year’s activities, as well as forthcoming initiatives and volunteer opportunities with the a.r.t. board. 
if you have any questions or concerns, please contact president@nycarchivists.org.
thank you for your participation and commitment to the a.r.t. community. happy voting!



























<< first
 < prev 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 ... 
 next > 
last >> 





upcoming events



america/new_york
belle da costa greene: a librarian's legacy

saturday, february 22, 2025 2:15 pm


morgan library & museum, 225 madison ave, new york, ny 10016



america/new_york
the dalí museum library & archives

thursday, february 27, 2025 12:00 pm


zoom (see event for details)



america/new_york
tour of "the joffrey + ballet in the u.s." exhibition at new york public library for the performing arts

saturday, march 01, 2025 1:15 pm


the new york public library for the performing arts, 40 lincoln center plaza, new york, ny 10023 (located between the met opera building and lincoln center theater)








advocacy updates



mtv news goes dark

tuesday, september 17, 2024 11:00 am


nicole font



art statement on january 6th attack on the capitol

tuesday, february 09, 2021 11:01 am


anonymous



art submits comments regarding united states citizenship and immigration service (uscis) fee increases, docket no. uscis-2019-0010

monday, december 30, 2019 10:45 am


anonymous member








recent job postings



american folk art museum

monday, february 03, 2025 10:08 pm


laura demuro



millbrook library

thursday, january 30, 2025 10:00 pm


laura demuro



yivo institute for jewish research

friday, january 24, 2025 8:45 pm


laura demuro



pratt institute libraries

monday, january 13, 2025 8:29 pm


laura demuro















notes from the archive



exploring art advocacy

monday, june 04, 2018 5:30 pm


leah constantine



about the archive

monday, june 04, 2018 3:12 pm


leah constantine



uncovering art history

thursday, february 01, 2018 9:49 am


anonymous






















 scroll to top ↑























donate








questions? communications@nycarchivists.org











powered by wild apricot membership software









