






guggenheim museum in venice: exhibition and guided tour - peggy guggenheim collection














































 





 









open daily 10 am - 6 pm. closed on tuesdays.


buy tickets


become a member



english
italiano





visit


art


learn


what’s on


support us





 





































tickets


membership



visit
art
learn
what’s on
support us


about us
private events
press
newsletter



english


italiano






















exhibition
marina apollonio: beyond the circle



                    12 october 2024 – 3 march 2025
                  

find out more













welcome to the peggy guggenheim collection, the venetian home of a great collector.
discover the most important museum of european and american art of the twentieth century in italy.
opening hours
daily 10 am–6 pm / closed on tuesdays
the ticket office closes at 5 pm
subscribe to our newsletter



























discover peggy guggenheim

find out more







in focus














listen to the podcast i wanted to be free

“i want to be free” is a podcast created by chora media and the peggy guggenheim collection that tells the life story of the u.s. collector and her unconditional love of art.














now you see it, now you don’t

october 2024–april 2025
six workshops for family card members to explore visual perception and put their eyes to the test.














thursdays for venetians

on thursdays, from 2 to 6 pm, the museum grants free admission to residents of the city of venice and those born in venice, as well as to students at venetian universities.














offer for schools

book now and receive a discount for you classes!
between november and february guided tours and admission tickets cost less.
 














ariadne’s thread: weaving stories in contemporary art

a four-part lecture series with art historian alessandra montalbetti explores how artists such as giacomo balla, alighiero boetti, fortunato depero, maria lai, and many others used thread to express their visions of the world.








programs














public programs

alongside the marina apollonio: beyond the circle exhibition, the peggy guggenheim collection offers a varied program of collateral events that analyze, interpret, and spread knowledge aboutapollonio’s artistic visual language and artistic process to the museum's various audiences.














a scuola di guggenheim

the educational program for schools of the regione veneto.














mind's eye

a new sensory guide to the peggy guggenheim collection.














i go to the museum

a program created by the peggy guggenheim collection to promote social inclusion through educational tours and activities designed for people with migratory backgrounds.














international internship program

a unique and immersive learning experience for students who wish to pursue a career in the arts.














double meaning: a tactile journey through the peggy guggenheim collection

an inclusive tactile tour program for blind, visually impaired, and sighted visitors.














dorsoduro museum mile

the gallerie dell’accademia, the galleria di palazzo cini, the peggy guggenheim collection, and palazzo grassi – punta della dogana have once again joined forces to create the dorsoduro museum mile, a unique itinerary covering eight centuries of art and culture.





















become a member
support the museum's programs and events by becoming part of a dynamic and passionate community.



become a member











events

upcoming events














special program

marina apollonio: in her own words

on the occasion of her exhibition, marina apollonio meets the public at the main site of the accademia di benne arti di venezia.

14 february 2025
5:00 pm
          














tour

guided tour of the archive of the study center for history of textiles, costume, and perfume

a private tour of archive of palazzo mocenigo and its museum.

15 february 2025
11:00 am
          














tour

guided tour of the exhibition marina apollonio: beyond the circle

a guided tour of the exhibition devoted to marina apollonio with ambra d’antone, curatorial assistant, peggy guggenheim collection.

21 february 2025
6:30 pm
          














special program

linoleum printing: the twentieth-century technique taught at the bauhaus

create an optical print using the linoleum printing technique.

22 february 2025









collection highlights

view works of art


all












paul klee

portrait of frau p. in the south

1924







      on view
      










jackson pollock

the moon woman

1942







      on view
      










giorgio de chirico

the red tower

1913







      not on view
      










max ernst

attirement of the bride

1940







      on view
      









































palazzo venier dei leoni
dorsoduro 701
i-30123 venice
tel: +39 041 2405 411
e-mail: info@guggenheim-venice.it




subscribe to our newsletter


 





 





 





 





 












about us


the museum


contacts


conservation


government grants


careers


press




plan your visit


admission


visit the museum


accessibility


what's on


private visits and events




resources


library, archives, photographs


imaging service




support us


membership


corporate engagement


donate











institutional patron







inclusivity supporter








terms and conditions


privacy policy


cookies policy


credits







copyright © 2025 the solomon r. guggenheim foundation








 















