







dance/usa - the national service organization for professional dance.




















































































 




 










  



get to know us

about
board
team
our ejournal
dance/usa bulletin
news
contact us


what we do

conference
leadership & learning
advocacy
archiving & preservation
research
field wide resources


opportunities

jobs, auditions, & internships
join our team
funding resources
dance/usa fellowships
professional development


membership
giving


search for:



 


                    members login                

























































dance/usa's impact

learn about the enduring and profound impact of our work

access the 2023 impact report
































dance/usa mission






dance/usa champions an inclusive and equitable dance field by leading, convening, advocating, and supporting individuals and organizations. dance/usa’s core programs are focused in the areas of engagement, advocacy, research, and preservation. 






















 










                    engagement                



 









 










                    advocacy                



 









 










                    research                



 









 










                    preservation                



 








































become a member 























advancing a nationally allied dance community






















press room
our latest news


















upcoming events
join us!
























advocacy
become a dance advocate


















resources
browse our resources



























from the green room: dance/usa's ejournal​to enter the green room click here!

















 













						dance forum 2025					




											february 5, 2025										




an inspiring and productive morning filled with insightful conversations and meaningful resource-sharing.



















						dance/usa post-election analysis: advocacy, resilience, and discernment					




											february 5, 2025										




the 2024 election results mark a significant shift in the political landscape.







 






































about dance/usa
dance/usa is the national service organization for dance, serving a broad cross-section of the dance field. established in 1982, dance/usa champions an inclusive and equitable dance field by leading, convening, advocating, and supporting individuals and organizations.dance/usa is sponsored in part by
learn more










































 







 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 









 








 







 







 































invest in your dance community

your support helps to build a vibrant national dance field of dancers, administrators, and organizations that make it thrive!


donate now



































about dance/usa dance/usa is the national service organization for dance, serving a broad cross-section of the dance field. established in 1982, dance/usa champions an inclusive and equitable dance field by leading, convening, advocating, and supporting individuals and organizations.

 

quick links 
national conference
jobs & auditions
opportunities for funding
task force on dance health informational papers


 

get in touch p.o. box 420027
washington, dc 20042-0027
team directory

 

follow us 
 facebook
 twitter
 instagram
 youtube
 vimeo


 







pictured in homepage video: dance/usa 2019 annual conference attendees and dancers from creative arts dance academy advanced ensemble. credit: bend productions© 2021 dance/usaprivacy policy


























we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.


accept

 



























































skip to content



open toolbar

 




accessibility tools



increase text 



decrease text 



grayscale 



high contrast 



negative contrast 



light background 



links underline 



readable font 




reset











close gdpr cookie settings






 







privacy overview









strictly necessary cookies




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
this site uses cookies for wordpress, youtube, and google analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site and the most popular pages. keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.












enable all
save settings

 











