


















adult learning programs - government of nova scotia, canada



















skip to main content



englishfrançais















novascotia.ca
locations and hours
government structure
programs
departments and agencies
contact










adult learning programs

the nova scotia school for adult learning (nssal) offers a variety of free educational programs for adults across the province. 
to learn more about nssal programs and eligibility, visit our nova scotia school for adult learning website for more information. 
service delivery providers
nssal programs are offered through service delivery providers around the province. program availability may vary between regions and providers. check the interactive map to find a program partner in your area.
community learning organizations
community learning organizations offer various non-credit programs to nova scotians that aim to improve their literacy, essential and academic skills for work and everyday life. contact a community learning organization (pdf) near you to find out more about their specific program offerings.
nova scotia community college and université sainte-anne
these credit issuing institutions will enable you to earn credits toward your nova scotia high school graduation diploma for adults. the adult learning program, alp 4, is offered in english through nova scotia community college (nscc) and in french through université sainte-anne. 
contact nscc or the université sainte-anne for more information about their adult learning program.
the nscc also provides canadian adult education credential (caec) testing across 11 of their campuses. testing locations and hours are available online. or, visit our caec website for more information.
adult high schools
some regional centres for education across the province have adult high schools which offer grade 11 and 12 credits (public school program) toward the nova scotia high school graduation diploma for adults.
contact an adult high school (pdf) near you for more information about their course offerings.


contact
nova scotia school for adult learning 1-877-466-7725
related information

adult high schools (pdf)
community learning organizations (pdf)
nova scotia community college
nova scotia school for adult learning 
université sainte-anne











twitter
youtube
facebook


privacy
terms


crown copyright © province of nova scotia












