



light technology publishing | light technology publishing


















jump to navigation








 


 

home
bookstore
links
contact us
account login
change of address


 




search this site: 











light technology publishing









light technology publishing offers books of light that give our readers guidance and benevolent-magic techniques to move them safely through these tumultuous times. 
choose one of the subjects or categories to the left and you will be taken into our bookstore.

announcements
benevolent magic & living prayer
this first book in the feminine science series provides an easy-to-read introduction to benevolent magic and living prayer. reveals the mysteries offers these techniques so we can help create benevolent lives for ourselves and others here and now.
click here for more information and to buy the book 



explore the sound-healing voice of tom kenyon
blessed with a voice that covers more than four octaves, tom kenyon is able to create healing songs, chants, mantras, and more. what you hear is much more than sound. it is a spiritual vibration, an energetic sensation and perception.
click here for tom kenyon's cds 




now you can get dr. todd's laser-enhanced supplements
dr. todd, as he is called, is a widely respected researcher, pioneering laser physicist and speaker on the topics of anti-aging and life enhancement and an expert in the field of longevity and dna rejuvenation.
click here for dr. todd's laser-enhanced supplements 
20% off regular price!!!


 




new products








living your best 5d life


st. germain, maureen





available now!
timeless tools to achieve and maintain your new reality
the new era of fifth dimensional consciousness has arrived! yet many people are stuck in 3d, grasping at old paradigms, while others are...


(more info)


$16.00












the road to ascension


chapman, cathy





enhancing the four basic relationships
the author of this book is a collective of multidimensional energies we call amiya. indeed, divine mother amma considers her to be a healing friend. she has brought forth numerous books through dr. cathy...


(more info)


$19.95














40 days & 40 nights


spalding, tina louise





a journey of transformation with jesus as your guide 
the messages we share over the next 40 days and 40 nights are for you as you go through a magnificent evolution. your mind is expanding, your heart is opening, and your planet is changing....


(more info)


$19.95












the illumination code


chestney, kim





7 keys to unlock your quantum intelligence 
intuition — the extraordinary ability to access information from the quantum realms — is fast becoming humanity’s most advanced form of knowledge acquisition. the illumination code presents...


(more info)


$21.95














medical astrology - third edition reprint


nauman, eileen





available now!
the most comprehensive book ever on this rapidly growing science. homeopath eileen nauman presents the med-scan technique of relating astrology to health and nutrition with case histories and a guide to nutrition.
...


(more info)


$39.95












kryon (book 12): the twelve layers of dna


carroll, lee





back in stock! order now!
this is the twelfth book in the kryon series. three years in the making, it is the first book of its kind, and it may eventually define the more than twenty-year kryon lineage.
dna is our chemical blueprint, but...


(more info)


$16.98














color medicine


klotsche, charles





the secrets of color vibration healing. a practitioner's manual for restoring blocked energy to the body systems with specific color wave-lengths. by the founder of  the 49th vibrational technique.
the cutting edge of holistic healthcare: color/vibrational healing
...


(more info)


$19.95












the nature of personal reality


roberts, jane





specific, practical techniques for solving everyday problems and enriching the life you know

in this perennial bestseller, seth shows readers how we create our personal reality through our conscious beliefs about ourselves, others,...


(more info)


$19.95

















 
 


catalog

art & jewelry
books
libros en español
book series
cds
dvd
nutritional supplements
sedona journal of emergence
back issues
subscriptions

tapes
 




browse by author:
-- select author --antenucci, mary annargüelles, joséarmstrong, virgilavery, frankie zbacon, summerbader, loubain, gabriel hudsonball (bradshaw), lindabarlow, cheryl gaerbateman, wesbeaconsfield, hannahbentov, itzhakbreese, christinebright star, beverleybrodsky, eric and angelbruce, edithbuess, lynnburns, barbaracarroll, leechandran, raechapman, cathychatelain, mauricechestney, kimchristine, nicoleclark, gladys irisclark, nancy annecohen, mark s.cooper, tracy ulomacooper, williamdannelley, richarddeangelis, dr. angeladeering, halliedongo, tomellen, virginiaemoto, dr. masarufallon, nancyfanning, arthurfischer, cheri jamiesonford, dr. lana j.frankel, edna g.free, scottfree, wynngaudette, rénégewacke, marilynglasson, natalie siangold, briangoldman, jonathangrattan, briangreer, dr. steven m.houston, jeanjackson, elliott elijamron, hilaryjasmuheenkeller, mary loukenyon, tomkingdon, kathlyn klarer, elizabethklotsche, charleskoppa, mary franlamb, barbaralewis, peppermackenzie-carey, heathermailemann, nicholas r.marecek, marymcclure, janetmcintosh, billie janemcintosh, johnmcmanus, dorothymelchizedek, drunvalomichaels, jeffmiller, david k.miller, robinmirtalamoody, raymondmoore, judith k.moore, tom t.muranyi, monikanarducci, rosannanauman, eileenneves, sarah goddardnorquist, ellwoodovokaitys, dr. toddowens, suzan paganini, ricopaul, margaretpettit, dr. robert e.phillips, glennpollock, robert masonpowers, kimberlypriest, keithputnam, williamrachele, salred star, nancyrisi, arminroberts, janeroeder, dorothyrota, miriandra (eileen)rother, steveroyal (holt), lyssaryden, ruthsalter, danielsanders jr., peteschmitz, geneschucman, helenshapiro, robertspalding, tina louisest. germain, maureenstarr, aloa starre, violetsteckling, fredsterling, kahu fredsterling, peterstinnett, leiastone, dr. joshua davidtakathiele, cheryltober, jantoten, ed and stacyvallee, marcvan dyke, tomvan etten, jaapvosacek, mariawarter, carloswaya, ai gvhdi (eileen nauman)welk, angelineweser, catherinewest, jodywork, richyashin, mordechaiyogananda, paramahansazarahzhang, yizhao

browse by book series:
-- select series --amiya's encyclopedia of healingcontinuity of life series  feminine science serieskireal book serieskryon book seriesmessages from watershamanic secret seriesshining the light seriesthe adventures of tee-la and de-narthe encyclopedia of the spiritual path the explorer race seriesthe fireside seriesthe indigo childrenthe little angel books series 



subjects50% off sale: select et and ufo titles
angels
astrology
ascension
auras
channeling
children's
color and sound
consciousness
dimensional/multidimensional
djwhal khul
earth/gaia
ets/ufos
feminine science
healing, herbs & homeopathy
history
love and relationships
mystical fiction
numerology
psychology
sacred geometry
sedona/vortex
sinister secret government
spiritual awakening
transformation
water

 








 


sedona journal of emergence





esubscription login


sje offers source answers
 - channeled material - to satisfy the heart and to inspire lives
the one monthly publication that tells you what's happening now - predictables, your personal horoscope and channelings from humanity's spiritual teachers and mentors describing the safest way to journey to the next dimension and beyond. all people are expanding to their true nature - you can resist or you can assist. choosing sje gives you both conceptual information and benevolent magic techniques to assist you to enjoy the process.
usa subscriptions
canada subscriptions
worldwide subscriptions
electronic subscriptions


- enter the sedona journal -
» about sje
» subscriptions
» advertising
» address change
» back issues


save expensive overseas freight or postage on your sedona journal subscription!! get the entire journal online by subscription - and get it 2 weeks before it goes on the newstand.
act now and get the #1 rated metaphysical monthly with source information to help you flow through these incredibly challenging times.




navigation

recent posts
 


featured products








a year of forgiveness





a course in


(more info)






how to become the true you





are you seeking to create a spiritual life


(more info)






memory land





what happens when we pass away?
what


(more info)









 
 




home
bookstore
links
contact us
account login
change of address
 



© 2018 light technology publishing / all rights reserved1.800.450.0985  •  928.526.1345  •  p.o. box 3540, flagstaff, az 86003


 
 
 






 


