


tylerdog ~ pet photography & greeting cards » award-winning pet photography by sherry stinson of tylerdog photography
















































tylerdog ~ pet photography & greeting cards


			award-winning pet photography by sherry stinson of tylerdog photography 
		







 









home

store

portfolio

giving back

donate


info

about us

in the news

testimonials


contact

subscribe to mailing list


search





 









ten little orphans
january 17, 2021 
posted in fostering




by destiny the pibble
“it was a dark and stormy night…” oh, wait, mama said i can’t start the story like snoopy. drats!
in a cold and dark alley, 10 little pups were found abandoned in a box on november 30, 2019. a good samaritan discovered them, no mother to be found, so she did what she thought was the right thing and took them to the local animal shelter.
because of potential disease, a shelter is one of the worst places for puppies to stay—especially two-day old newborns—so the shelter found a foster home, but couldn’t find a mama dog with milk. the foster, sharon, reached out to my mama, sherry, so we sounded the social media alarm and within a couple hours, located one. aunt helen and mama took a road trip (just picture lucy and ethel from i love lucy and you got ’em pegged) to get the mama dog and deliver her to sharon.



well, the little mama had exactly one day’s worth of milk, then she dried up! now it was panic time. if these pups weren’t fed every couple hours, they’d die, and anyone who’s fostered dogs knows bottle-feeding is time-consuming with one pup, let alone 10 of them! so mama offered to take the two littlest ones, aunt helen took some, and sharon kept the rest.
arriving at four- and six ounces respectively, it only took a couple attempts at feeding to realize the littlest guy couldn’t nurse a bottle, no matter what kind mama bought. and trust me, mama bought so many baby bottles for animal and human newborns, it looked like a booby factory around here! she was in a panic, so mama called dogtor sarah gordon at 4 the animals veterinary for advice. dogtor sarah taught her how to tube feed, so every two hours little man was tube-fed while his brother nursed a bottle. in the meantime, mama decided to name them. i told her this was a bad idea ’cuz as they say, ‘you name ’em, you keep ’em,’ but she didn’t listen!



anyways, tiny guy became buster and the bigger boy, archie. well, formally sgt. buster g. fancypants (after mamaw’s dad—the buster part, not the fancypants, plus buster g. makes him a beegee!) and sir archibald p. sugar (after the archies song, sugar ’cuz he’d wiggle his paws every time the song played. mama is weird, i know!). she introduced us and they were cute, but i stayed in a galaxy far, far away ’cuz—cooties—you know! and besides, they smelled. like dr. grant said in jurassic park, “babies smell!”
our two grew as did aunt helen’s, but the other pups weren’t thriving and one had already passed, so sharon brought them to mama. we did our best, but lost olaf on christmas eve, belle passed a few days later, and jazzy dancer held on until new year’s eve. we were devastated, but kept persevering—there were three littles who still needed us. walter started improving, so he went over to aunt helen, and luna began picking up weight as well. so now we had three—buster, archie, and luna (officially luna priscilla wigglebutt); aunt helen had walter, sarah booth, and tinkie.



so, smooth sailing, right? yeah, right. buster started wheezing. archie started wheezing. aunt helen’s pack started wheezing! on antibiotics they went! before it was all said and done, every single one of the pups became well acquainted with dogtor newby, dogtor sarah, and being bundled off to the vet if they so much as made a whimper! mama said she’s never been so thankful to dogtors newby and gordon for helping us save these babies.
there were a lot of sleepless nights and mama was terrified for weeks, afraid she’d get the tube in wrong or do something stupid, but through it all, we got it done and out of the 10 orphans, six survived. archie grew up to be a handsome fella, the biggest of the litter, and was adopted by one of mama’s high school friends, cheryl. he has a human sister named hollyanna, a fur sibling called koda, and is a kansas city chiefs fan. walter and sarah booth were adopted together and tinkie found a great home, too.
which left buster and luna. ah, what to do, what to do?! i finally told mama, “look, i’ve not had a playmate since jazzy passed, so i think you need to adopt them for me.” so i’m happy to say i’m the proud big sister to these two little squirts! they only have a little cooties now. orphans no more, buster and luna are finally home.
watch the dodo video featuring destiny and the orphans: https://fb.watch/33_-aqgcem/




       






show hide 1 comment					








				add a comment			






				link to this post			






				email a friend			


 





rev. cathey williams - january 17, 2021 - 2:32 pm

love ms. destiny and the now year old babies!  thank you for sharing their story again.
by the way, you did a great job, ms. destiny…you, too, mama sherry!


 
 







1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
…
32
next »


search


search for:




archives

january 2021
october 2020
march 2019
september 2018
december 2017
february 2016
june 2015
may 2015
march 2015
september 2014
march 2014
january 2014
november 2013
october 2013
september 2013
may 2013
march 2013
january 2013
august 2012
june 2012
april 2012
march 2012
february 2012


categories

adoptions

amore pit bull rescue

cane corso

charity sessions

city of tulsa animal welfare

fostering

friends of bartlesville paws

haven of hope rescue foundation

just one day

legacy of hope dog rescue

memories

new orleans

okie new hope

oklahoma alliance for animals

pit bulls

rainbow bridge

rescue sessions

save-an-angel

sb32

the motley crew

tulsa animal welfare

wall-e's friends





recent posts


ten little orphans


memories


the hardest thing


from trash to treasure


be fierce. be brave. be amazing.



pages

about tylerdog
contact
giving back
home
in the news
join our mailing list
portfolio
saving lives, one photo at a time™
testimonials




store | subscribe to mailing list | giving back1300 s johnstone ave | bartlesville, ok 74003-5624 | 918.527.6779 | info@tylerdog.comcopyright © 2012 tylerdog photography. all rights reserved.|prophoto site by netrivet sites 














