







bme news - biomedical engineering - purdue university



















































bme news - biomedical engineering - purdue university
skip to main content




 
        quick links
      




purdue


engineering 

college of engineeringinformation for...
academic units
aeronautics and astronautics
agricultural and biological engineering
biomedical engineering
chemical engineering
civil and construction engineering
computer science
electrical and computer engineering
engineering education
environmental and ecological engineering
industrial engineering
materials engineering
mechanical engineering
nuclear engineering
programs
college of engineering honors program
first-year engineering program
office of future engineers
epics
global engineering programs and partnerships
indiana space grant consortium
minority engineering program
professional practice (co-op) program
women in engineering program
innovation and leadership studies
vertically integrated projects
semiconductors @ purdue
innovation for public service certificate program
rare earth elements



               
            




































 
 

search





              loading
            



 
 
 











weldon school of biomedical engineering | west lafayette & indianapolis



 
 



    menu
  



home


about us 







                      about us
                    


welcome


overview


core values


fast facts


history


timeline


news


events


communications resources


partnerships


facilities


inclusion


safety


contact us





 
 
 
 


people 







                      people
                    


all - alphabetical


faculty - alphabetical


faculty - research interests


staff


postdoctoral researchers


graduate students





 
 
 
 


academics 







                      academics
                    


undergraduate program


graduate program


professional master's degree


contact us





 
 
 
 


research 







                      research
                    


research areas


engineered biomaterials and biomechanics


imaging


instrumentation


computational biomedicine


neuroengineering and neurotechnology


leslie a. geddes


crossroads pediatric device consortium


center for implantable devices


embrio


indiana clinical and translational sciences institute


engineering-medicine


art in research


partnerships


news





 
 
 
 


giving 







                      giving
                    


giving





 
 
 
 














purdue engineering biomedical engineering about us bme news






bme news





february 14, 2025


groundbreaking research unveils neural mechanisms underlying traveling brain waves.



 




 






february 13, 2025


exciting opportunity for purdue bme graduate students: bottorff fellowship


                  the bottorff fellowship offers an exceptional opportunity for purdue bme graduate students interested in gaining clinical experience, refining translational strategies and exploring regulatory processes within the biomedical field. this program, co-sponsored by the purdue college of engineering and the indiana university school of medicine (iusm), provides a unique pathway to bridge the gap between research and real-world clinical applications.
                  
                
 




 






february 12, 2025


smart contact lenses revolutionize eye health by monitoring data in real time


                  for millions of people with conditions like glaucoma, diabetes or parkinson's disease, managing health often means frequent doctor visits, uncomfortable tests and invasive monitoring. but what if tracking these conditions could be as simple as wearing a pair of contact lenses? 
                  
                
 




 






february 8, 2025


bme student steele becomes first purdue student honored as ceed's intern of the year


                  steele hopes to convey the endless possibilities that geare and the co-op program offered her to prospective students. as a professional practice ambassador, volunteer coordinator and a geare ambassador, she has plenty of wisdom — and excitement about purdue — to share. 
                  
                
 




 






february 2, 2025


brad duerstock mentioned in apnews!


                  when you realize that you have a person with a disability, you have an opportunity, not a problem. 
                  
                
 




 






january 31, 2025


outstanding engineering teachers at the weldon school


                  teaching excellence is at the core of our mission, and we are proud to recognize outstanding faculty, lecturers, and staff who go above and beyond in educating the next generation of boilermaker engineers. their dedication, innovation, and passion for student success help shape the future of biomedical engineering.
                  
                
 




 






january 30, 2025


transforming eye care: purdue's smart contact lens breakthrough


                  what if your contact lenses could do more than correct your vision? imagine lenses that treat eye conditions, deliver medication, or even enhance reality. at purdue university, professor chi hwan lee and his team have made this vision a reality. they’ve developed a revolutionary smart contact lens system that seamlessly integrates cutting-edge semiconductor technology with the soft, curved structure of a silicone contact lens.
                  
                
 




 






january 28, 2025


welcoming mike mifflin!


                  starting a new chapter in the weldon school of biomedical engineering, mike mifflin brings a wealth of experience and a passion for student success to his role as the school’s newest academic advisor. with a background that blends creativity, leadership, and a love for learning, mike is excited to support students on their academic journeys.
                  
                
 




 






january 24, 2025


breakthrough study identifies early cortical dysfunction patterns in synucleinopathies, offering new insights into lewy body disease progression


                  in a groundbreaking study, researchers from the weldon school of biomedical engineering have uncovered distinct electrophysiological markers that could potentially distinguish the gradual progression of synucleinopathies, such as parkinson's disease and lewy body dementia. this discovery, published in nature communications, offers new hope for identifying early signs of these debilitating neurodegenerative conditions much before the onset of significant motor symptoms.
                  
                
 




 






january 22, 2025


celebrating excellence in teaching: willis a. tacker prize recipients


                  the weldon school of biomedical engineering proudly announces the recipients of the willis a. tacker prize for outstanding teaching. this award recognizes exceptional educators who demonstrate innovative pedagogy, impactful mentorship and unwavering dedication to student success.
                  
                
 




 


 


                 
           
              
           
             viewing
             1 to 
             10 of
             1405
|
next 10 >
 
 






 



delivery options


rss feeds
        




news archive


2025


2024


2023


2022


2021



 



                          about us
                        

welcome
overview
core values
fast facts
history
news
events
communications resources
industry partnerships
facilities

safety
contact us
 

 
 










              discover 
              






students
online
faculty
alumni
parents



 




              explore 
              






campus map
facts & figures
schools
news & events
visit us



 
 





              connect 
              






employment
engineering computer network
intranet
brightspace
mypurdue



 




              people 
              






engineering directory
contact us
social media
media contacts
purdue directory



 
 
 



          follow
        









 


 
 
 


purdue university, 610 purdue mall, west lafayette, in, 47907, 765-494-4600

© 2025 purdue university | 
        an equal access/equal opportunity university | 
        integrity statement | 
        free expression | 
        doe degree scorecards | 
        copyright complaints | 
        brand toolkit | 
        maintained by the engineering computer network


        contact the engineering administration communications office for accessibility issues with this page | 
        accessibility resources | 
        contact us | 
        email webmaster-bme@ecn.purdue.edu to report a problem


 
 

 
















