









department of correction inmate information search



















offender
          information search






please enter the search criteria in one or more of the following fields:
(enter only the inmate number or only the first few letters of the last name for better search results.)

ct doc inmate number:      
last name:                 
first name:                
date of birth (mm/dd/yyyy):












if you have trouble searching the offender information, click search hints for help.
disclaimer: please read carefully!
information regarding offenders currently incarcerated with the connecticut department of correction is made available
    as a public service and in the interest of public safety.
    it is extremely important to note that a person's current incarceration does not necessarily indicate they have been convicted of a crime,
    as connecticut's correctional system also holds those who are awaiting trial.  
the connecticut department of correction updates this information regularly, to
    ensure that it is complete and accurate. however, 
this information may change quickly. you are cautioned that the information on this site  
may not reflect the current status regarding an offender.  due to possible changes in the application of risk reduction earned credits, release dates may be subject to change.  and, due to limitations within our current computer system we cannot process all the statutes with their respective subsections.  information regarding offenders
    held under connecticut's youthful offender statute and offenders held on behalf of the
    u.s. immigration
    and customs enforcement is not included in this database at this time.

questions about the status of inmates being held on u.s. immigration and
    customs enforcement detainers
should be referred to the ice regional office at 617-565-4946.

for comments and questions, you may contact:
connecticut department of correction
public information office
24 wolcott hill road
wethersfield, ct 06109
phone: 860-692-7780




