





global imaging | your grand format solutions company



































































































search































menu



products

prepress

workflow automation
color management
rip software


print

textile printers
uv curable printers
3d printers


sublimate

roll to roll calenders
piece to roll calenders
piece to piece heat presses


cut

fotoba x/y cutters
kongsberg cutters
summa laser cutters


finish

coaters
sewing systems
welders


framing systems

t3 systems
rexframe


alternative inks


services
about us
contact
 













redefining digital printing
digitech trufire lt/x2
strong, scalable, and streamlined. this printer is designed for print shops that require fast, efficient, all-day production. because of its durable build, the trufire lt/x2 boasts an extremely low cost of ownership and the highest print quality in its class. you need to see this thing in action to truly appreciate its performance.

learn more


 






 
global imaging is the premier u.s. distributor for grand format equipment and supplies. we focus on leading edge products that bring margin and innovation to our customers’ businesses. instead of offering the widest range of grand format printing products on the market, we focus on selecting the best. our team of technology experts is constantly on the lookout for the next important development in workflow evolution. the strength of our recommendations is the bedrock of our business – and we are devoted to curating the best possible product portfolio for our customers.

 new productsmiller weldmaster hg50all-in-one high-speed 
banner finishing systemkongsberg ultimatestate of the art flatbed cutting table for 
high-volume corrugated and display production.durst p5 350 hsra high speed 3.5-meter
uv curable roll printer.tec lighting megacoatuv-curable liquid coaters
for rigid or flexible substratesfotoba xld 170automatic xy cutter 
for flexible media.durst p5 5005-meter roll to roll printer.
with single, double or triple roll printing

demos & trainingpartnering with global imaging comes with many benefits, including tailored training and product demonstrations on some of the best grand format printing equipment on the market.

grand format equipment and software demonstrations
there is simply no better way to make an educated decision about a potential purchase than a one-on-one demo. we can facilitate hardware and software demos virtually or in person at one of our many reference sites. whether you’re adding new capabilities, looking at the latest and greatest offerings, entering a new market, or choosing new workflow automation software to ramp up your efficiency, global imaging can help you get the education you need to make the most informed decision possible for your business goals.


equipment pre-training
take advantage of our basic online application training before your equipment is installed.by getting a head start on some of the basics beforehand, your operators can take a deeper dive into a full training program when your equipment arrives at your facility. schedule a pre-training session on any of our hardware or software products. we tailor the training to focus on the specific applications, integrations and outcomes you need. this has proven to be extremely effective for the quickest uptime from delivery to billable production.


retraining on grand format printing equipment
a well trained operator not only knows how to run a piece of equipment for the best color output and productivity, but should also know how to care for it on a regular basis. if you have new members on your production team or your current production staff just needs to brush up on their skills, we can help! our specialists can get your new operators up to speed or dive deeper with your existing staff to build on their production and maintenance expertise.



more than just a distributor.servicesour top priority is making sure our customers not only have the grand format equipment they need to produce their product, but also the guidance before the sale to choose the right equipment for their workflow and the training (and re-training) and support after the sale to make the most of their investment. whether you’re looking for consultative business advice, workflow optimization, ways to address new challenges, or simply want to procure the best equipment for your shop, global imaging is your grand format solutions company.
read more about global insight roi reporting, financing options, buying or selling used printing equipment, alternative inks, training, preventative maintenance, and technical support.

view services

recent postsoctober 21, 2024uv printing & cutting automation: digitech trufire + kongsberg c64blog postsmay 14, 2024t3 display systems - product walkthroughblog postsfebruary 20, 2024ami graphics installs the fastest roll-to-roll uv printer in the u.s.blog posts / customer spotlightsmarch 9, 2023new product announcement: t3 systemspress releasesjanuary 18, 2022atpcolor onetex 5200 sets the bar for energy efficiencyblog posts

scott snoyerowner / big visual groupwhat really sets global apart for us is how well they know our business. not only do i feel comfortable involving them in big purchasing decisions, but they’ve become like an internal team member. they actually come to me with new market opportunities for us, things that really help us differentiate our offering. they are true, long-term partners.steve saakfounder & ceo / s&s promotions global helps me make many of the critical decisions for equipment in my business. they know my company inside, and out. global has a deep understanding of solutions in the market today. i bring them in on tough capital decisions because they have the broadest view on the industry overall. they're a powerful shortcut to the best solutions curated to meet my needs. global is a true partner for our company.scott cohenpresident / sign language xlwe see global as our change agent manager in our relationship. it allows us to see new things, to develop new things to pay attention to, and it also opens up new markets for us to sell into. so by bringing in new technology, new solutions, new ideas, they allow us to be the change we need to be inside our own company.
 

 





subscribe to our newsletter
subscribe to our newsletter to stay updated on new products and services from global imaging and our partners, and also to keep up with the latest trends in all areas of grand format printing.

subscribe






  



we are globalblog
about us
contact

the fine printterms & conditions (updated october 2019)
privacy policy
terms of use
returns

take actionfile transfer







© copyright global imaging

home
site map

































 
 

this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we assume you're okay with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. read more acceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview

this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





                        necessary 
                    


 necessary 


                        always enabled                    



necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.






                        advertisement 
                    


advertisement










                        non necessary 
                    


non-necessary




any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.






                        analytics 
                    


analytics










                        performance 
                    


performance










                        uncategorized 
                    


uncategorized










save & accept


















first name(required)last name(required)work email(required)

phonecompany(required)shipping address(required)



street address


address line 2


city


state / province / region


zip / postal code

afghanistanalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicabo verdecambodiacamerooncanadacayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacroatiacubacuraçaocyprusczechiacôte d'ivoiredenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaeswatiniethiopiafalkland islandsfaroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy seehondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesiamoldovamonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorth macedonianorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestine, state ofpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarromaniarussian federationrwandaréunionsaint barthélemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martinsaint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maartenslovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswedenswitzerlandsyria arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, the united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvalutürkiyeus minor outlying islandsugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited statesuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuelaviet namvirgin islands, britishvirgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabweåland islands
country


details about your request(required)what product(s) would you like us to quote for you?captchanamethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 















			×			






























