
















exemplars: standards-based performance tasks













contact us
our blog
library login





search










                    menu
                


sample performance tasks






main navigation


products


math performance tasks


science performance tasks


stem bundle


writing performance tasks




purchasing


rubrics


resources


professional development


about us




sample performance tasks



just one more step to access this resource!





download



yes! i want to stay in touch with exemplars. sign me up today!







menu



sample performance tasks





main navigation


products


math performance tasks


science performance tasks


stem bundle


writing performance tasks




purchasing


rubrics


resources


professional development


about us







exemplars: standards-based performance tasks

back to top










get your free sample task today
ready to explore exemplars rich performance tasks?sign up for your free sample now.
		



name



email



additional comments (optional):





what are the most pressing issues for your school or district? (optional)







what's your school?



what's your district?



address



city



state
alabamaalaskaarizonaarkansascaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdelawaredistrict of columbiafloridageorgiahawaiiidahoillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemarylandmassachusettsmichiganminnesotamississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotaohiooklahomaoregonpennsylvaniarhode islandsouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasutahvermontvirginiawashingtonwest virginiawisconsinwyoming


zip code



country



what's your position



how did you first hear about exemplars?
- select -web searchused before in a schoolsocial mediaheard from a colleaguewebinarat a conferencenot sure





		exemplars will occasionally send you emails about improving performance in the classroom with information about our products.
	














		exemplars will occasionally send you emails about improving performance in the classroom with information about our products.
	


















deeper engagement, stronger skills ... proven.rich, research-based performance taskslearn more

 







    resource

casestudiesfind out what happens when schools parter with exemplars: they get better learning outcomes and "my students are engaged!" 





    new product

richmath tasksfor 6-8new! exemplars problem-solving performance tasks are now available for the middle level! 





    resource

why exemplarslearn how our material helps students become capable, confident problem solvers. 





better learning outcomes with exemplars

your students' proficiency in math could increase by more than 36%!percent of exemplars students meeting or exceeding nyc proficiency in 2018

request a quote







what educators are saying







we have a lot of social/emotional needs in my school so i love that exemplars helps students learn to work together, share ideas, critique each other in a meaningful way, while also developing some pretty awesome critical thinking and reasoning skills ... i feel like i could go on and on about how much i love using exemplars.


            tess mccafferty, teacher, oh            




if i think about all the strategies teachers have used to try to improve student achievement in math, the exemplars program was the most powerful.

            diane ullman, assistant superintendent, ct            




your work is fantastic! we are looking for a way to monitor the growth of a student as a scientist from grade to grade. your rubrics will help us to begin this important work.


            p. bator, elementary science curriculum specialist, ma            








with the increasing rigorous demand of high-stakes testing, exemplars is a "must have" component to any mathematics program. i have been in education for over 18 years and have seen programs come and go. exemplars is one of the few initiatives that has proved effective time and time again!


            t. krejcarek, asst. principal, va            




there is more than enough in each activity for a teacher, even one without a great deal of science background, to plan high-quality, inquiry-based lessons and assess student performance with confidence ... this program will provide an invaluable service to schools ...


            c. seidman, science teacher/nsta review panel member            




exemplars tasks have proven to be engaging for our title i students. use of the student-scoring rubric helps students understand exactly what is expected of them as they solve problems. this knowledge carries over to other mathematics tasks.


            deidre greer, ph d. , asst. professor & program coordinator, early childhood education             








this is an excellent resource! thanks for making it available. exemplars are a wonderful tool for our highly capable math students. they encourage them to show their work, explain their thinking, and label their answers.


            c. hyndman, enrichment facilitator, id            




i think that these tasks provide higher-level thinking skills and require students to take a look at the reasoning behind their answers.

            m. shepherd, elementary school teacher, mi            




i am a special education teacher, and i have been using the math exemplars with my students. they enjoy doing them and have actually asked to do them. i have noticed that with each problem we solve more and more students are trying to stretch their thinking so they can become 'experts'.


            j. reardon, special education teacher            








the exemplars program is designed to assess students' problem-solving and mathematical-communication skills. it also supports higher-level thinking and extension of mathematical reasoning.

            s. dement, teacher, tx            




i have been using the math exemplars k-8 for the past 6 years. i am a former nyc math coach, and i have seen exemplars improve my students mathematics skills and thinking


            d. jones, assistant principal, ny            




teaching stem proved to be very time consuming last year, and i love the [exemplars] task on breathing because the student gets to investigate the real-life situation instead of just watching!!


            v. barker, science teacher, tn            
















find us in:




exemplars blog



getting stuck in math and coming out stronger
edutopia highlights exemplars as a “go-to” for promoting productive math struggle.
 


the top 3 things my students love about exemplars
why are the students so happy? i really wanted to know. so, i did what anyone would do: i went straight to the source and asked the kiddos. here’s what i learned.
 


grow student confidence through problem solving
math exemplars work to develop the whole child in mathematics and social-emotional learning.
 


read more blogs









join our newsletter!











explore this site:


home


math products


science products


writing products


purchasing


rubrics


resources


about us


product alignments


contact


blog


privacy policy


data sharing


terms of service




order now
          
        free trial
           
        alignments



            271 poker hill road, underhill, vermont 05489
            phone: 800-450-4050 | fax: 802-899-4825 
            info@exemplars.com
        




copyright © 2025 exemplars. all rights reserved.



            tell a friend about us:
            




            follow us:
            





































