


cincinnati cycle club: promoting cycling as a healthy, active lifestyle across the tri-state region.             - cincinnati cycle club


























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








add me to mailing listmember loginshare this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twittermenuhomeabout us about ccc philanthropy our history board memberseducation new cyclists ride safety insurance cycle savvy bicycle touring seminarmembership join membership benefits casual and beginner rides vip volunteers classified adsspecial events & programs ccc honor ride licking valley century roxie memorial for t1d great pumpkin roll ride philanthropy partner ridesweekly club rides weekly ride calendar ride notification emails casual and beginner rides advanced rides bike touring rides find a ride by area club ride faqs tutorial: weekly rides club discountsccc store ccc store jersey and bibs fit guide






welcome to the cincinnati cycle club
the cincinnati cycle club has over 1,100 members from ohio, ky, and indiana. we believe biking and smiles can change lives for the better, one ride at a time. 

we lead over 23 weekly club rides during most of the year.  check out our weekly ride & event schedule page for a calendar of rides that is updated daily. we have rides from family pace up to 20+ mph. something for everyone.  don't see a ride that fits? ask how you can help create a ride.  every club member can take free safety training, become a ride leader, and create a ride at any speed/pace/distance.



we are dedicated promoting safe cycling, advocating cycling and pedestrian rights, and building community around the bike.  ccc members come in all shapes, sizes, skill levels and abilities. we are casual riders, e-bike riders, weekend warriors, competitive cyclists.
 




 
             



           we have been cycling since our original founding in 1880.  come be a part of the fun,
 
           we are an all volunteer and an all-inclusive club. we are always accepting new members. 





upcoming eventsupcoming ccc signature eventsregister for our fun event ridesmay 31, 2025all proceeds benefit sending veterans for free on the honor flight tri-state.distances of 20, 52, 66 miles. ﻿beautiful flat low traffic country roadsregister herejune 21, 2025our fifth annual event start at the beautiful knights of columbus hall and campgrounds in campbell county. distances of 41, 62, and 102 miles.part of the kentucky challenge seriesregister herecharities supported﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿july 5, 202522nd annual roxie memorial.this is a free ride.  we only ask for donations to breakthrough t1d (formerly jdrf)﻿﻿﻿you can donate online at registration or bring cash or check to the ride. flattest ride in southern ohio!register heredistances of 25, 30, 42, 52, 67 miles.low traffic routes that everyone loves.july 19-20, 2025join team ccc at bike ms: oxfordcome out for this magical two-day event! saturday there are routes of 25, 50, 75 and 100. sunday routes of 25, 50, and 66 miles!register herejoin team ccc and we will donate $50 towards your $300 minimum fundraising goal! that's only $250 then for two days of cycling, breakfast, fabulous routes, and dinner each day!sept 27, 2025join us for the 14th annual great pumpkin roll ride distances of 30, 22, and 63 miles.start your day off with free donuts, coffee, and pumpkin rolls.enjoy fantastic routes and the best post ride german finish line food!﻿register herecharities supported
 
become a club member

why you should join:


bike rides for every level of rider! beginner to race pace.

bike rides most days of the year

meet people that share your passion for cycling

 help achieve your cycling goals and get healthy.

promoting cycling advocacy, safety and education.



exclusive cincinnati cycle club member only benefits:

1.      supplemental ride insurance
2.      free safety training classes
3. free ride leader training
4. ride route details and gps route maps
5. quarterly bike writer club newsletter
6.      member only 20% discount at infinit nutrition
7.      member only club picnic ride with free food
8.      annual club banquet
9.      ccc touring rides 




the february 2025 issue of the bike writer newsletter is now available for download.

printed issues will be soon available in most area bike shops.

click the image to download

upcoming eventsupcoming weekly ridesthank you to our
cincinnati cycle club partners!

all ccc members save 20% on infinit products





share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twitterinfo: membership@cincinnaticycleclub.org



home   |   
	
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









