





welcome to southeastern camera carrboro



















		205 west main street
		carrboro, nc 27510     
		919-933-7757










  home   why southeastern...   photo finishing   services   locations   facebook   photo school   film users group   holiday greeting cards 








the carrboro store is opentuesday through fridayfrom 10-6, and saturday from 10-4.
covid policies

we are requesting masks to keep everyone as safe as possible.
we can also help customers outside if preferred. just let us know!

thank you for your understanding and support during this difficult time!





your neighborhood camera supply storewelcome to southeastern camera,
carrboro's "living room" for photographers of all ages and all stages
in their photographic journey! whether you're a beginner looking to
hone your eye and increase your skills on a tight budget, or a pro who
demands the best, fastest equipment on the market, we are your one-stop
solution in film and digital. opened in 1994 in chapel hill and then
relocated to carrboro in 1997, we are the sole provider for many of the
area's professionals, and we love getting to know our customers' work.
our friendly staff will ask you the right questions to guide the
perfect camera into your hands. we also carry pre-owned digital and film cameras and lenses, and between our two locations,
we will try our best to locate exactly what you want.


quick links

ways to reach us!
phone: 919.933.7757
leave a message anytime
order prints or gifts online!
want to mail us your film for processing?
click here for the form!
order prints
order holiday and greeting cards
order photo gifts
order custom giclee prints
large files, or lots of files to send?
use wetransfer!

used gear
our craigslist post
ebay store
social media
facebook
twitter
instagram
two locations!
raleigh store
misc.
flickr group
secamera.com privacy policy












facebook | twitter | instagram
ebay store | craigslist
email a photo for standard printing | email a photo for custom printing

ebay storelogo design by todd gaulwww.photophile.com
secamera.com privacy policy




