















nashua library, nh | official website









 















skip to main content




















closures


	the library is closed on sunday, february 16, due to inclement weather, and monday, february 17, in observance of presidents' day.
	read on...












 










      





 
 



  
 





 catalog
 website




 catalog









 




 website












search











 
 
 


    about      collections      services      kids, tweens & teens      events  


 

 

 

 

 





 















 






  
 
 












 














get a library card








museum passes








meeting rooms










 
 














my account








research databases








catalog










 
 
 

























 














library spotlights


connect with your library
 






  
 
 














free tax help at the library aarp foundation tax-aide offers free tax preparation on mondays and wednesdays at the library by appointment only. call 2-1-1 or visit nhtaxhelp.org to reserve a time. 








films to celebrate black history monthcelebrate black history month with kanopy’s collection of films that highlight the contributions, struggles, and triumphs of black americans. these films inspire reflection and action in the ongoing pursuit of equality. 










 
 














reading dragons ends soon!has your k-8 reader collected them all yet? track your reading through february 28 to earn these trading cards. 








call for entries!60-second film submissions to our 3rd annual tiny film festival are now open. apply by february 26 for a chance to watch your tiny movie on the big screen at the library and take home a prize!










 
 
 



 














event calendar


stay up to date with your library
 






  
 
 



  
 














newsletter sign up










 
 



  
 
 

















passport to québec
discover the charm, history, and culture of québec! featuring a concert by acclaimed franco-american folksinger josée vachon.









lizzie borden and the 40 whacks
join us for an interactive performance based on the notorious murders. 









mad city money: budgeting for teens
learn the ins-and-outs of budgeting through a hands-on simulation. 























  
 



  
 









 
 
 





 

















a connected community begins here
 






  
 



  
 







contact us







nashua public library2 court streetnashua, nh 03060phone: 603-589-4600
 






  
 



  
 







library hours







monday: 9 am - 9 pmtuesday: 9 am - 9 pm wednesday: 9 am - 9 pmthursday: 9 am - 9 pmfriday: closedsaturday: 9 am - 5 pmsunday: 12 pm - 4 pm
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







about us



location and hours



events



newsletter



site map









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 








 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close






























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









