









tmj and pain resource center's tmj scale™


































skip to content






pain resource center's tmj scale™
information & testing services for tmj & chronic pain 



 








menu


home
blog
tmj diagnosis

tmj treatment


clinician resources

clinician login
the tmj scale
tmj scale testimonials
tmj scale™ scientific publications
conference presentations
case studies
tmj testing services
dental sleep medicine


glossary
faqs
links

tmj dentist list
professional organizations
dental schools, colleges and universities
us government tmj links


contact us
 





















welcome to pain resource center’s website devoted to helping healthcare professionals who are evaluating and treating patients having  tem­poro­mandibu­lar joint dis­or­ders (aka “tmd”) and chronic pain.
this website provides clinicians, especially dentists who treat patients with tmd, a sophisticated, on-line, testing and reporting service employing the widely accepted tmj scale™  to detect, measure, and document the presence and severity of “tmd”, its physical and emotional concomitants and to quantitatively measure treatment effectiveness and outcome.
this widely researched and highly accurate assessment, treatment and risk management tool, based on many years of published scientific research validating its accuracy, reliability and usefulness in clinical practice, has been used successfully by many of the most respected “tmd” specialists across the u.s., and internationally, on hundreds-of-thousands of patients.











your browser does not support the video tag.









leading practitioners of dental sleep medicine use the tmj scale both before appliance therapy to help 'rule out' or 'confirm' the presence of a tm disorder that may go undetected and also after treatment is completed to again document the 'presence' or 'absence' of tmd.
other testing services on this website include: tmj/compare™  which compares the results of two tmj scales administered to a patient at different times, as before and after treatment, and calculates and graphs changes, including % improvement indicating treatment effectiveness and outcome.
new book- "the international faces of chronic pain" by dr. steve levitt, md, phd.  pain drawings and descriptions by patients with chronic pain in 8 countries (u.s., australia, england, finland, germany, scotland, sweden and syria)  at amazon.com .
 
tmj and pain specialists, dentists, physicians, psychologists
 
log on to use testing services (requires user name and password)
or register to obtain user name and password and receive free tests to try our services without risk or obligation.
or call 800-542-7246 to register.





“the tmj scale is an essential tool in my armamentarium. no pain practitioner should be without it!” robert talley, dds norman, ok (more)



“ the tmj scale is one screening modality that i deem indispensable and will not practice without. ” pamela steed, dds, msdindianapolis, in (more)



“ ..its value has proven itself repeatedly.! ” ira klemons, dds, phd south amboy, nj (more)















 












by accessing and using this website you affirm that you have
reviewed and consent to the terms and conditions indicated below:
 
this site contains software (which includes, without limitation, the visual expressions, screen formats, report formats and all methods, algorithms, formula and concepts contained within the software) which is provided on a strictly confidential and limited use basis. disclosure of the software to any other persons is prohibited. the software contained on this website, including but not limited to all derivative works and copies based upon the software, are the proprietary property of pain resource center, inc. and any and all related patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, or other intellectual property rights, shall remain exclusively with pain resource center, inc. the entire contents of this website are © copyright pain resource center, inc. with all rights reserved.  obligations of confidentiality under this statement are perpetual unless otherwise agreed in writing.
 
although the tmj scale is a highly accurate (usually around 90%) and reliable assessment tool, no diagnostic test is 100% accurate. it is being used here only as a screen for the presence of a tmj disorder. it cannot replace a thorough and comprehensive evaluation by a dentist or specialist in this area. the statements contained within the tmj scale report are based on statistical probabilities and therefore are suggestive rather than conclusive. no decisions or actions should be based solely on the results of this test.  by accessing and using the information on this website, and/or taking the tmj scale test, you agree that pain resource center, inc. is not liable to the test taker or anyone else for any decisions made or actions taken based on the results of this test or information from this website.

tmj scale™, tmj scale report™ and tmj compare™ are trademarks of pain resource center, inc

please note: parts of this website, including sales and testing services, and sections that use user ids, passwords and personal information are secured and encrypted for the user’s privacy and protection.












 










link to privacy policy 





© 2025  pain resource center inc. all rights reserved 













