




 














outsideleft international arts, music and culture magazine

























×



music
culture
lit.
screen
product
sports sex health


short story competition
night out
outsideleft original sound recordings


search for something...







			 							 















music
culture
lit.
screen
product
sports sex health
 

 



 issn 2753-8850 





					outsideleft			



		  			fiercely independent
				
around 
						  								30,722,454												 
												 	stories served since 2004
			





search for something you might like...







			 							 






 




the outsideleft interview: steve wynn


jonathan thornton talks to the founder, vocalist, guitarist and lead songwriter of the legendary paisley underground band the dream syndicate









					o
			






search for something you might like...







			 							 







 



outsideleft week in music has a flutter on the horses


we're hearing from... horsegirl, joy crookes, dean wareham, two-man giant squid, ülv, the nightingales, attrition, parlor greens, sister envy, glazyhaze, nico georis, will not be named, andy bell, la lom, honesty, meshuggah, shelleyan orphan, pet symmetry, frog eyes, the cortinas, florist, lydia lunch, sarah mary chadwick, sarah mary chadwick + ensemble c









					o
			






search for something you might like...







			 							 







 



being a dj in 2015


alan rider finds out what that is like with two-man giant squid's self titled third album









					o
			






search for something you might like...







			 							 







 



a secret treasure


outsideleft's newest writer melanie surfleet meets norwich graphic designer john french









					o
			






search for something you might like...







			 							 







 



damage limitation


rupert m loydell's new poetry book pushes back against the industrial legacy of throbbing gristle and psychic tv





recently published





short story orgy: dissolved girl
			  								lilly pemberton's stunning short story exclusively in outsideleft					  				
		  							






sex, death, and deleuze
			  								the genre bending work of hélène cattet and bruno forzani					  				
		  							






ad hits and brand fits
			  								martin devenney just can't get those advertising jingles and songs out of his head					  				
		  							






homer flynn: the outsideleft interview
			  								jonathan thornton talks to a resident					  				
		  							






hold on tight: the ballad of speedball baby
			  								alan rider climbs on board the rollercoaster ride that is ali smith's 2024 memoir of her life in...					  				
		  							






milton nascimento: the birth of brazilian brilliance - you can't sit with him!
			  								grammy's scandalous treatment of the brazilian legend					  				
		  							






outsideleft week in music brooks the horns
			  								we're hearing from... gus englehorn, divide and dissolve, valerie june, daneshevskaya, thélème, tanika charles, then comes silence, sparks [more...]					  				
		  							






not squeezing out sparks
			  								david o'byrne has some news for sparkies [more...]					  				
		  							






no heroes, no villains
			  								death and the king's horsemen at the crucible theatre in sheffield					  				
		  							






the past is bright, the past is orange lounge
			  								david o'byrne attempts to unravel another retro japanese youtube sensation					  				
		  							






adventures in the archives 

music
culture
lit
screens
product
ssh








what readers are reading right now

outsideleft week in music has a flutter on the horseswe're hearing from... horsegirl, joy crookes, dean wareham, two-man giant squid, ülv, the nightingales, attrition, parlor greens, sister envy, glazyhaze, nico georis, will not be named, andy bell, la lom, honesty, meshuggah, shelleyan orphan, pet symmetry, frog eyes, the cortinas, florist, lydia lunch, sarah mary chadwick, sarah mary chadwick + ensemble c
damage limitationrupert m loydell's new poetry book pushes back against the industrial legacy of throbbing gristle and psychic tv
who were satellite lovers and why are they suddenly a thing 30 years after they disappeared?david o'byrne tries to find out
homer flynn: the outsideleft interviewjonathan thornton talks to a resident
short story orgy: dissolved girllilly pemberton's stunning short story exclusively in outsideleft
milton nascimento: the birth of brazilian brilliance - you can't sit with him!grammy's scandalous treatment of the brazilian legend
outsideleft week in music brooks the hornswe're hearing from... gus englehorn, divide and dissolve, valerie june, daneshevskaya, thélème, tanika charles, then comes silence, sparks, waxahatchee, mssv, nickolas mohanna, marcel, bella schutz, max cooper, adrian boult, leonard cohen and otoboke beaver
being a dj in 2015alan rider finds out what that is like with two-man giant squid's self titled third album
the outsideleft interview: steve wynnjonathan thornton talks to the founder, vocalist, guitarist and lead songwriter of the legendary paisley underground band the dream syndicate
hold on tight: the ballad of speedball babyalan rider climbs on board the rollercoaster ride that is ali smith's 2024 memoir of her life in new york's punkabilly rebels speedball baby



all about and contributors

help outsideleft
outsideleft exists on a precarious no budget budget. we are interested in hearing from deep and deeper pocket types willing to underwrite our cultural vulture activity. we're not so interested in plastering your product all over our stories, but something more subtle and dignified for all parties concerned. contact us and let's talk. [help outsideleft]


write for outsideleft

if outsideleft had arms they would always be wide open and welcoming to new writers and new ideas. if you've got something to say, something a small dank corner of the world needs to know about, a poem to publish, a book review, a short story, if you love music or the arts or anything else, write something about it and send it along.  of course we don't have anything as conformist as a budget here. but we'd love to see what you can do. write for outsideleft, do. [submissions form here]


writers thru' the years
a.i. house-painter,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								agata makiela,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								alan devey,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								alan rider,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								alex v. cook,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								ancient champion,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								andy allison,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								annemiek,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								archibald stanton,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								becca kelly,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								belle plankton,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								bruce bailey,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								caiomhin millar,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								cassie thomas,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								chantal,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								cheiron coelho,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								chris connolly,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								christian present,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								damon hayhurst,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								dan breen,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								danny rose,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								david hackney,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								david o'byrne,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								denni boyd,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								dirty lillie,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								dj fuzzyfelt,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								dr. rich,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								dr. richard bennett,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								duncan jones,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								erin,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								erin pipes,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								erin scott,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								gracey babs,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								graham baker,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								guilaine arts,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								h.xx,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								hamilton high,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								henderson downing,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								holly martins,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								j. charreaux,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								j.lee,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								jay lewis,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								jaycentee,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								jennifer lynn,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								jenny mccann,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								jeremy gluck,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								jez collins,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								joe ambrose,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								john robinson,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								jonathan thornton,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								julie o,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								karl morgan,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								katherine pargeter,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								kelsey osgood,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								kevin mchugh,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								kiah cranston,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								kleo kay,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								lake,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								lauren frison,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								lee paul,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								lilly pemberton,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								luke skinner,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								malcolm,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								marek pytel,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								mark piggott,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								martin devenney,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								meave haughey,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								melanie surfleet,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								michelle williams,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								mickey,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								mike fox,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								mindy strouse,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								neil campbell,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								neil scott,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								ogglypoogly,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								ol house writer,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								pam,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								paul burns,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								paul hawkins,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								paul mortimer,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								paul quigley,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								peter williams,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								pixie mcmowat,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								pixievic,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								rene williams,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								richard john walker,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								rick casson,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								rikki stein,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								ronan crinion,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								rowena murphy,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								ruby lake,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								ryan 'rjo' stewart,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								samantha charles,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								seth sherwood,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								shane o'reilly,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								sheridan coyle,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								sofia ribeiro willcox,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								sophia satchell-baeza,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								spanish pantalones,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								speedie john,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								spencer kansa,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								steve mccarthy,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								the conversation,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								tim london,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								tim sparks,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								tony fletcher,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								toon traveller,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								trevi,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								urs lerch,
	  									
	  								  									
	  								wayne dean-richards,
	  									
	  							 and founders, alarcon & lamontpaul


week in music



horsegirlfrontrunner epthe week in music. see/hear it here every week →



outsideleft week in music featuring horsegirl, joy crookes, dean wareham, two-man giant squid, ülv, the nightingales, attrition, parlor greens, sister envy, glazyhaze, nico georis, will not be named, andy bell, la lom, honesty, meshuggah, shelleyan orphan, pet symmetry, frog eyes, the cortinas, florist, lydia lunch, sarah mary chadwick, sarah mary chadwick + ensemble c →
 




outsideleft universe









f.ol group
twitter
instagram
mailchimp
facebook
email












our weekly digest - every weekend















 outsideleft content is not for everyone


i am new here | about | contact | privacy.cookies©2004-2025 outsideleft.com
©2004-2025 outsideleft.com i am new here | about | contact | privacy.cookies |

















