

antique & estate auctions, chicago illinois antiques auctioneer & auction house







located in chicago, illinois, direct auction galleries, inc. is one of the area's leading antique auctioneers and antique auction houses.  estate auctions of antiques, collectibles, vintage items, mid-century modern, antique furniture, persian rugs, oil paintings, antique lighting, jewelry, antique china & glassware are held regularly. antique appraisals & consultations for estates and collections are also available.

  

these are just a few of the many interesting and beautiful items up for bid in our february 8th live & online high-end & more auction, featuring antiques, vintage, mid-century modern, jewelry, paintings, prints, oriental rugs & more! to see the current auction catalogue, and to leave absentee bids on items in this exciting upcoming auction sale, click here.

to register to bid live online in the upcoming february 8th high-end & more auction, click here. (5% additional buyer's premium will apply when bidding live online - please register early for the auction)


need to know about in-house shipping procedures for items purchased at auction? click here.
for a list of third-party shippers for items purchased at auction, click here.
ever wonder how to sell your items at auction? here's some answers to  frequently asked questions for first-time consignors.
join our growing  e-mail list! keep informed about what's coming up in our upcoming auction sales! find out when new photos of auction items have been posted to our website! for all this and a whole lot more, click here.

exciting auctions every three weeks! for a list of 
upcoming auctions in the year 2024, click here.
interested in attending one of our auctions in chicago, illinois? for general information such as directions, terms of sale, etc., click here.



these are just a few of the many beautiful items which were up for bid in our january 18th 'high-end & more' auction! to see the complete auction results from this fabulous live and online estates auction, click here.
first time at an auction? click here.


thank you for visiting our website!  we hope to see you soon!
direct auction galleries, inc.
7232 n. western ave.
chicago, il 60645
(773) 465-3300 (phone)
(773) 465-8873 (fax)

il license #444.000498© copyright, 1997-2024, direct auction galleriesinquiries? for quicker response, please correspond by telephone at 773-465-3300.  otherwise, e-mail photos or any other concerns to:hooboy64@gmail.com

