 




real investments – commercial real estate brokerage







































































 











 












about
contact
listings

for sale for lease past listings

in the news
subscribe for updates
tenant access
x
 








 































 



































real investments 
							

 




real management 
							

 



real sales 
							

 



real development 
							

 



real development 
							

 



real development 
							

 




real leasing 
							

 



real teamwork 
							

 


























our commercial real estate focus areas 







 



with extensive expertise around commercial real estate in ventura county and a distinct understanding of how local companies operate in ventura, our expert team of brokers and real estate agents can integrate a wide range of services with creative approaches to meet your commercial real estate needs. real investments is a leading commercial real estate broker in ventura county. call us today!




 




























                        property management
                        
                    





                                    learn more
                                    






 
















                        development
                        
                    





                                    learn more
                                    






 
















                        sales & leasing
                        
                    





                                    learn more
                                    






 











 



real investments continues to play a vital role in our local real estate market!" 








						real investments
					commercial real estate broker in ventura county 
michael h. hernandez & associates are proud to offer you the very best in commercial, industrial, and residential real estate throughout the ventura county area. we are a leading commercial real estate broker in ventura county and we are ready to serve you today.

 



 




 



                    experience increased commercial real estate property value through our management                
our property management and sales services are focused on helping owners maintain and increase the value of their existing properties and facilitate additional revenue.


 



 









                    streamline your commercial real estate sales process                
our project management often includes renovations, remodels, customization, and exclusive features as desired. 


 













						we specialize in real estate
					real services. real teamwork. real investments. 
















schedule a consultation 




whether your need is for a practical commercial property for business or light manufacturing, or a quality residential property for occupation or investment, we are certain that we can help you realize your goals.





 











 















 

michael and steve strive for win-win negotiations to manage your investments. they possess a unique understanding of commercial real estate business potential and limitations in the area. great staff. ask for gabby or kat, excellent customer service.




carmen lazcano
ventura, ca











 

i was extremely impressed by the resourcefulness that the real investments team brought to my project. from the office staff to brokers, there was a consistent effort to bring new value to my property and i'm glad to be working with michael and his team!



corey mccarthy
hollywood beach, ca











 

real investments provides a unique set of services in a fast growing and dynamic market. their property management has increased the value and curb appeal through practical decisions made by their team. if you are considering a property management company, real investments is it!



peter h.
malibu, ca









 
















						real investments blog
					what we've been working on 



















				real investments partners with douglas elliman for joint listing on spectacular ventura home			



			february 17, 2023		


real investments partners with douglas elliman on$5mm estate with coastal views in ventura, california real investments is proud to announce a co-listing with douglas elliman



			read more »		










				tenant finds success at new santa paula location			



			february 17, 2023		


citrus valley seafood finds success at new santa paula retail location leased by real investments real investments is proud to support citrus valley seafood in



			read more »		










				lightning fast deal closed in high-demand carlsbad neighborhood			



			february 17, 2023		


lightning fast deal closed in under 18 daysby real investments $1.195mm carlsbad home closed escrow with an all cash deal & all contingencies waived. real



			read more »		










				3 exciting new business leases in ventura			



			november 3, 2022		


3 exciting new business leasings in ventura real investments is pleased to announce 3 new business leasings in ventura, including wildflower winery, robely café &



			read more »		










				beso cafe building | successful sale in ventura			



			october 28, 2022		


successful sale of the beso cafe building! real investments is proud to announce their involvement in the purchase of an iconic ventura, california property, formerly



			read more »		










				successful sale of the ventura beach club​			



			september 29, 2022		


successful sale of the ventura beach club real investments is proud to announce the successful sale of a longstanding ventura, california landmark property, the ventura



			read more »		




















are you looking for a commercial real estate broker in ventura county? 



look no further! our team has a unique interest and experience in commercial properties and commercial real estate in ventura county, including quality resorts, ranch, and beach area properties at the higher end of the market. we’ve developed an extensive network of investors and industry contacts that help us leverage collaboration and unique opportunities that would otherwise be unavailable. unlike many commercial real estate brokers in the area who market entry-level or mid-range properties, we represent buyers who have no difficulty qualifying for loans in the multi-million range for their investments in the ventura county area. these buyers are well educated in market trends and investment property management and will recognize the unique opportunities now available during this current market of commercial real estate in ventura county. if you are looking for an experienced, and well-connected commercial real estate broker in ventura county that has experience with 1031 tax-deferred exchanges as well as other commercial real estate management methods, look no further. 


















contact us 







 
298 s. seaward avenue, ventura, ca 93003





 
phone: 805-985-1000





 
email: info@realinvestments.com











join our email listfirst name *email (required) *select list(s) to subscribe towebsite sign ups example: yes, i would like to receive emails from real investments. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: real investments. you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the link, found at the bottom of every email.
 















copyright © 2024 real investments 










facebook




twitter




instagram




youtube




privacy policy


















looking to stay updated? 



subscribe to our email list to receive new listings, opportunities & announcements directly to your inbox.​ 







first name *email (required) *select list(s) to subscribe towebsite sign ups example: yes, i would like to receive emails from real investments. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: real investments. you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the link, found at the bottom of every email.














































































