




image hosting by imagehostplus








home
features
about us
faqs
pricing
contact us
sign up
member login




create unlimited ebay auctions
30 day free trial
no credit card required for signup
only $6.95 a month
signup!





features:



			1.
		



		2.
		



		3.
		






























started in 2002, imagehostplus.com has quickly become a leader in online image hosting. we offer features you wont find at other image hosting sites and we offer 
them at a very competitive price. our simple user interface makes it quick and easy for anyone to host images with us in just a matter of minutes. 

create slideshows, and galleries for ebay and other auction 
sites. our advanced features and competitive price makes us one of todays best hosting providers for your photos. 

share photos with your family and friends with image portfolios. host images for ebay 
auctions, and all other auction sites, websites, classified adds, message boards, photo sharing, and all of your other needs. image hosting made easy for ebay 
powersellers. let us host your images and stop worrying about red x's showing up on your auctions.

if you have any questions, comments or suggestions feel free to contact us.


q. i selected low quality. why do my images still take so long to upload?a. when you upload a new image it gets uploaded to our servers just like it is on your computer. the quality is set when you
or someone else views the image. if you want your images to upload to our servers faster you may want to scale them down in width and height before you upload
them.q. how can i upload full size images?a. you can upload full size images by unchecking the resize button on the image upload page.q. how can i make my
images upload faster?a. if your images are large, scale them down in size
with an image editing program before you upload them.q. how many folders can i have?a.
you can have an unlimitted amount of folders with unlimitted images within a folder. to keep your
images as organized as possible try not to put to many images into one folder.q. why are my images renamed?a. if your filenames on your images are too long they are shortened when
uploading them. if you have already uploaded a file with the same name as the one you are currently uploading we assign a 4 digit number to the beginning of your
file so that you don't over-write the file that you uploaded before.q. what type of files can i host?a. you can host jpg, gif, png, bmp, and tiff files. if you need support for
other file types please contact us and we may be able to add support for them.q. how do i put pictures into my auctions?a. when listing a auction use the code we provide called html for this image.
copy and then paste it in your description on ebay where you want the image to appear. make sure on ebay that you click on enter your own html above the
ˆdescription. if you want to use a gallery or slideshow. copy the slideshow code or gallery code not the slideshow link or gallery link and paste that in your
description where you want that to appear. the same goes with that. make sure you click on enter your own html above the description on ebay. 


pricing info goes here!




home | 
about us | 
faqs | 
pricing | 
contact us | 
sign up | 
member login | 
terms of service 
copyright © 2002-2018 zick's web ventures, all rights reserved



