


















historic venue - whitehouse caterers at overhills mansion









































skip to main content
















weddings


events

social events
corporate events



the details

menus
pricing
gallery
hotels & more





events to attend: buy tickets


about

talk to us





talk to us












dots corner background







































































































































































































































loops icon






celebrate good times


loops icon






welcome to overhills mansion, the area’s largest, most exclusive historic venue for weddings and celebrations.  our venue is located in catonsville—just outside of baltimore, md.
watch video tour







 1   of   5


 2   of   5


 3   of   5


 4   of   5


 5   of   5



 
arrow icon






emblem icon





























































































































































elegance & fun are the heart of overhills mansion.
our tastefully updated, century-old mansion is the perfect setting for all of life’s biggest events. you’ll love the picturesque maryland estate and swoon-worthy details. did we mention the food? at overhills you’ll experience locally sourced, from-scratch menus made just for you by whitehouse caterers. come for a tour and see for yourself.








					i.				


 


picture-perfect weddings
weddings at overhills mansion are something to swoon about. our gorgeous mansion is the ideal dmv-area venue for your wedding day
learn more





					ii.				


 


chef’s dinners & unique experiences
our open-to-the-public events are a fun way to see overhills for yourself. meet our exceptional team. taste our delicious food. enjoy.
see what's next





					iii.				


 


corporate events
overhills mansion provides a refreshing and energizing setting for a company retreat or celebration. get out of your (home) office and back into nature.
learn more






 
loops icon









you’re invited to visit!
buy tickets


 
arrow icon







 view video




dots corner background






































































































































































































































visit overhills
let your vision shine


loops icon






we understand the importance of bringing your vision to life. that’s why we’re here for you every step of the way, from event planning to day-of coordination. after your personalized tour, we’ll sit down together and imagine the possibilities. we’re excited to get started!
schedule a tour







so, what’s the story here?
a match made in the dmv
as a boutique catering company, whitehouse caterers is passionate about local farms and local experiences. that’s why we’re so proud to be the exclusive caterers and managers of overhills mansion—a historic icon of our region. but beyond location, why are we such a good match? it’s simple; we love what we do. we love creating seamless, goes-off-without-a-hitch, unique experiences for our guests.
ready to see if we’re a match too?
talk to us



 


emblem icon





























































































































































 






star icon


						1000s of guests have given us 5 stars			



overhills in the press












loops icon








 
dots banner background


















































ready to see for yourself?

it all starts with your personalized tour. contact us to get started.

schedule a tour








whitehousecaterers












👋meet paula, co-owner at whitehouse caterers! p






code whc15 for $15 off …… welcome winter with 






celebrate life's greatest moments at overhills man






soup shooters are seasonal, portable and a guarant






can we get a "dip, dip, hooray" for wedding venue 






looking for a one-of-a-kind venue for this year's 



 





 










menus
pricing
gallery
talk to us


schedule a tour









916 s. rolling road, catonsville, maryland 21228
the overhills mansion driveway is at the intersection of south rolling rd and wilkens ave in historic catonsville, md







			© 2025 whitehouse caterers at overhills mansion |
							privacy & terms |
						site by nuphoriq



 
facebook logo



 
instagram logo



 
pinterest logo



 
youtube logo



 
weddingwire logo








 
the knot logo



























