





mrc cognition and brain sciences unit – using cognitive theory and innovations in neuroscience to understand and improve mental wellbeing across the lifespan


















































skip to primary navigation
skip to content



view menu
search





study at cambridge


about the university


research at cambridge






quick linksfor staff
for alumni
for business
colleges & departments
libraries & facilities
museums & collections
email & phone search






site search 






site search 






home






study at cambridge




undergraduate


courses


applying


events and open days


fees and finance


student blogs and videos








graduate


why cambridge


qualifications directory


how to apply
fees and funding
frequently asked questions







international students


continuing education


executive and professional education


courses in education






about the university




how the university and colleges work


history


visiting the university


term dates and calendars


map






for media


video and audio


find an expert


publications


international cambridge






news


events


public engagement


jobs


giving to cambridge






research at cambridge





for staff


for current students


for alumni


for business


colleges & departments


libraries & facilities


museums & collections


email & phone search







home / mrc cognition and brain sciences unitmrc cognition and brain sciences unitusing cognitive theory and innovations in neuroscience to understand and improve mental wellbeing across the lifespanhome
the unit

about us
our mission
centre for attention, learning and memory (calm)
cambridge centre for ageing & neuroscience (camcan)
cambridge clinical research centre for affective disorders (c2ad)
bingo
brainbus
facilities
unit history
visiting the unit
equality and diversity
vacancies
working at the mrc cbu


research

bridging brain and mind
responding to adversity
understanding complex conditions
translation
cohorts
publications
methods and resources
open science at the mrc cbu
data repository


people

current members
affiliated members and alumni


take part
study with us

pure research degrees (mphil, phd)

how to apply
funding a phd or mphil at the cbu
what we offer
project ideas for 2025
choosing a college
open day information
student testimonials
cambridge graduate programme


masters in cognitive neuroscience


news
events

chaucer club seminars
other events and conferences
media and recordings


contact us




 
slidewelcome to the cognition and brain sciences unit 



the mrc cognition and brain sciences unit is a research centre for advancing our knowledge of human cognition, with programmes that cover childhood development, mental health, ageing and dementias, neurological and sensory disorders, and fundamental cognitive neuroscience.
as a unit we also work together to address three grand challenges. first, to build models that bridge brain and mind. second, to understand and support complex psychological and cognitive disorders. third, to identify how people respond to adversity and how this response can be improved.
we then translate findings generated by each programme, and across our grand challenges, to improve health and wellbeing across the lifespan. this includes developing and enhancing psychological therapies for mood and anxiety disorders, and optimising diagnostic and rehabilitative techniques for sensory and neurological disorders.
the mrc cognition and brain sciences unit is a leading research centre for advancing understanding of human cognition such as memory, attention, perception, language and emotion. we aim to translate research findings to improve health and wellbeing, including developing psychological therapies for mood disorders, improving our understanding of cognitive problems in childhood, and optimising diagnostic and rehabilitative techniques for neurological conditions.




we investigate fundamental human cognitive processes such as attention, language, memory, and emotion through state of the art brain imaging techniques and clinical approaches to improve our understanding of the brain.
find out more about by visiting our research page here or visit the people page to look at some of the scientists work more closely.







would you like to help our research by volunteering? find out more here







we host 20-30 graduate students at any time and applications are invited from prospective phd students in experimental cognitive psychology, neuropsychology, computational modeling and neuroimaging using mri, meg, and eeg.
information about places can be found here.







the cbu hosts the chaucer club programme of talks from leading scientists in the field of cognitive neuroscience. find details here.
the cbu wednesday lunchtime seminars are open to all and have talks from scientists from in and around cambridge talking about their current research projects. find out more here



online user experience feedbackif you have any feedback about how we could improve the overall user experience for you on our websites and social media platforms, please feel free to get in touch using the contact form located here. we look forward to hearing from you. 
latest news

behavioural changes in frontotemporal dementia: neuropsychological and neuroanatomical correlates
february 14, 2025
a new study by rouse and colleagues at the mrc cognition and brain sciences unit, addressed two important clinical questions…


dr orben leads governmental project to understand impact of smartphones and social media on young people
january 17, 2025
cambridge researchers are leading the first phase of a new research project that will lay the groundwork for future studies…


differences in brain connectivity in premature infants are related to altered wiring constraints of structural brain networks
january 9, 2025
the way the brain organizes in utero is associated with cognition and behaviour in later life. infants that are born…


inside cambridge university – mrc cognition and brain sciences unit
december 2, 2024
please enjoy this short video below, created by youtuber and neuroscience blogger, zachary cortex, as he discovers the ‘secrets of…


prediction error computations explain the speed of speech understanding
november 20, 2024
human listeners are impressively successful at recognising words and understanding speech. the speed and accuracy of word recognition has been…
view all newsfollow us on social media
site search
 





quick links
contact us
home
news
vacancies

useful information
cookies and privacy
policies
wireless access

our research sites

the centre for attention, learning and memory (calm)

the cambridge clinical research centre in affective disorders.

cambridge centre for ageing and neuroscience.


contact details
address: 15 chaucer road,cambridge,
cb2 7ef
email: info@mrc-cbu.cam.ac.uk
tel: (+44) (0)1223 766166 


 




© 2025 university of cambridge


university a-z


contact the university


accessibility


freedom of information


terms and conditions







study at cambridge


undergraduate


graduate


international students


continuing education


executive and professional education


courses in education







about the university


how the university and colleges work


visiting the university


map


news


events


jobs


giving to cambridge






research at cambridge


news


features


discussion


spotlight on...


about research at cambridge












