home | usasfskip to searchskip to main content




member servicesathletes & parentsscholarshipsleadership trainingall star tiersall star gives backcoachescoach credentialingleadership trainingall star gives backclubs & ownersevent producersall star officialsall star gives backdirectories & resourcesclub finderadult member directoryrestricted & ineligible listcompetition searchevent producer memberspartners & affliatesrules & scoringcheerrules & age gridscoringdancerules & age gridscoringeventssanctioned competitionsthe cheerleading worldsthe dance worldsea international championshipnational conferencenational all star cheer & dance daymoreconduct & compliancebackground screeningshow to reportrestricted & ineligible listthe code of conduct & complianceaboutabout usasfcontact usstaffboards & committeesdeismember login


member login
we are all star
in the heart of the u.s. all star federation is the deeply rooted spirit of all star cheer and dance. our purpose is clear:  to advance our sport’s highest ideals of fair play, adherence to rules and unwavering integrity as we guide our members towards excellence.  since 2003, we have been dedicated to preserving the integrity of all star through a range of initiatives, including age verification, rigorous membership requirements for adults and competition sanctioning and compliance. we are committed to fostering an environment where athletes can confidently pursue their passions in training and competition.

what is the usasf?
the u.s. all star federation is the largest membership organization for all star cheer and dance. we are committed to fostering a fair, inclusive and safe environment for the sport across the united states. 

our mission

the code
the usasf code of conduct & compliance supports a safe, positive environment for all participants, promoting the highest standards of respect and integrity. its policies govern areas where potential abuse and misconduct may arise.
view the code

find a member club near you
usasf member clubs have the influence to bring all star to life in spectacular ways by harnessing the experience and resources of the usasf’s network of regional directors, rules officials and fellow members. your usasf membership assures athletes that they will have access to the best care, the safest training and the highest performance standards in all star.

search clubs

find a sanctioned competition
when all star clubs attend usasf sanctioned competitions, they can be assured their athletes, coaches and parents are attending events that comply with the sport's best safety practices. event producers must provide minimum safety standards before their events qualify as usasf sanctioned so participants can find peace of mind knowing the same rules and regulations will be followed every time - at every event - by every member.
learn more
search for competitions



become a member
join the nation's largest network of all star athletes, professionals and the companies that serve them. enjoy member benefits and become a part of the future of all star cheer and dance.
join now
become a member
join the nation's largest network of all star athletes, professionals and the companies that serve them. enjoy member benefits and become a part of the future of all star cheer and dance.
join now

member directory
the usasf member directory allows you to verify if an adult all star participant has a current usasf membership or affiliation, background screening green light and has completed abuse prevention training.
view
member directory
the usasf member directory allows you to verify if an adult all star participant has a current usasf membership or affiliation, background screening green light and has completed abuse prevention training.
view
latest news

2024-25 competition season underwayoctober 23, 2024read more
read more

articles

blogs
articles
early release of 2025-26 cheer & dance age grid, rules announcedfebruary 13, 2025read more
the future of all star is brightoctober 7, 2024read more
get started earlyoctober 7, 2024read more
revisions to usasf dance/cheer rules & age grids announcedmay 21, 2024read more
early release of 2024-25 cheer age grid, rules announced february 23, 2024read more
early release of 2024-25 dance age grid, rules announced february 23, 2024read more


blogs


our partners















the u.s. all star federation has a mission to support and enrich the lives of our all star athletes and members. we strive to provide consistent rules and safety guidelines, drive competitive excellence and promote a positive image for the sport.

aboutgoverancesponsors & partnershow to report a concernmediacontact us
connect cheer dance
© 2024 all rights reserved usasfprivacy policy | terms & conditions

