


welcome to the north country home buyer's guide































welcome!
 thank you for visiting the north country
              home buyer' sguide online! our magazine is your best source for
              upstate new york real estate!
 buying property?
 if you are looking for real estate in clinton, essex, franklin,
              hamilton or warren counties you can be assured of finding the most
              real estate listings available to you anywhere in the region. the
              north country home buyer's guide has more
              pages packed with hundreds of properties including homes, land,
              condos, commercial and vacation properties. you can find our free
              magazine distributed to hundreds of high traffic locations throughout
              the adirondack, lake george and lake champlain regions of new york.
              if you can't pick one up you may also subscribe! be sure to visit
              us regularly here online! you will find links to our advertiser's
              sites where you can browse real estate throughout the north country
 selling property?
 the north country home buyer's guide
              is the oldest and most popular real estate magazine in the region.
              we are also the only real estate magazine that publishes 12 months
              a year. so where would you want your property advertised? the choice
              is obvious! nowhere else will you find such an extensively distributed
              real estate magazine in the north country! if your property is advertised
              in our magazine you can be assured that you are receiving maximum
              market exposure! our advertisers know just how effective the north
              country home buyer's guide is. if you would like to advertise
              in our magazine you can find all the information you will need right
              here online! just email us at tjg@westelcom.com
              and we will contact you right away!
 
  
 
download &
              browse our latest guide -41.79mb .pdf-

 
our web sites:
www.northcountryrg.com
www.northcountrydist.com

about us:
 the north country home buyer's guide
              is published by glebus enterprises a leader in
              real estate guide publishing. we also own north
              country distribution, a professional brochure distribution company
              that distributes free literature throughout the northeast and canada.
            
hgmag@aol.com - ad submission
              and layout
tjg@westelcom.com - publisher
              phone: 
              518-572-8217












