


boeing chinook helicopter (h-47) - history, photographs, videos, news.



















afghanistan ops                   <
ch-47 news (chn)              <
final descents                       <
guest book                            <
home                                     <
humor                                   <
internal cargo                       <
iraqi ops                               <
links                                     <
maintenance                          <
operations                             <
unit patches                          <
photographs                          <
photo contest                        <
pinnacle landings                 <
posters                                   <
preflight                                 <
publications                           <
nose art                                <
screen savers                        <
site map                                 <
sling loads                            <
asam/sof                            <
history                                   <
tandem notes                        <
technical reports                   <
unique loads                         <
video                                      <
what's new                            <
terms of use                          <





 

 




         
company h, 4th battalion, 7th aviation regiment







         
" ch-47 chinook helicopter news and history "







         
the h-47 chinook history - if we don't write it down, who will?







         







" pegasus "--- skookum la metsin ---









 




         
the ch-47 chinook helicopter - more hookers than a las vegas showroom



 

 




         







   serving the the united states military as well as many other countries around the globe for over 50 years, the ch-47 chinook helicopter has distinguished itself as the premiere workhorse for moving troops and cargo to anywhere required. from the hot, skanky jungles of vietnam to afghanistan's frigid, rugged mountain tops, the chinook helicopter has proven itself a reliable friend - both day and night, in all types of weather. view a complete site map listing and pick a topic of interest.






         
larger poster     get vertical    



 

 




         
   with just about everything the avid researcher would want to know about the boeing h-47 chinook helicopter, this peer reviewed site contains over 5,000 pages of current news, tail number historical information, drawings, 8,500 photographs, videos and publications.   since it's patent date

years ago, the chinook helicopter has been the workhorse of the united states army and has served many other countries around the world.   feel free to hover around this site and experience the magnificent history of this fine flying machine. use the slide out menu at the upper left of each page, or try the sitemap to locate the information you seek.   if you know the serial number of your favorite chinook you can locate it here.



 

 




         
see why its important to record the history now



 




         










 

 




         
video



 




         
   although you can watch these videos directly by clicking on the link, it's recommended that you right click and select "save as" to download them to your computer - then watch them. they are large files and work fine with internet explorer and windows media player.



 













video: wind damage[01:11, 45 mb, w/audio]



 




         























         
video: broken gear[00:47, 2.1 mb, w/audio]
video: resupply[00:56, 5.1 mb, w/audio]
video: troop extraction[03:06, 12.9 mb, w/audio]



 




         























         
video: guns-a-go-go[03:41, 16.4 mb, w/audio]
video: korean h-47 crash[00:22, 2.71 mb, w/audio]
video: minnesota arng[01:58, 43.6 mb, w/audio]



 




         
click-n-go here to view more h-47 chinook helicopter video.



 




         




 




         
the only valid email link is at the bottom of this page.



 




         




 




         
   have you been a pilot, flight engineer, crew chief, technical inspector or mechanic on a h-47?  it doesn't matter if you only flew or worked on a bird one time and were not the assigned crew member. do you want your name added to the particular tail number history of the aircraft you operated? do you have any information to share with others?  if so, please visit the tail number history section of this site and review the data, then send us an email.   please include your rank, name, position in the aircraft (pilot, fe, ce, door gunner, ti, mechanic) and the year(s) you were on the hook.    an example of our airframe history is ch-47f chinook helicopter 08-08056.



 




         




 




         







interested in a print of a painting of 89-00171 by jim morris? this art work was inspired by jackie mcfarlane before the alaska unit's deployment and eventual loss of that aircraft and crew. click-n-go here.



 




         




 




         







   click-n-go here to view the original 7 june 1960 u.s. patent - serial number 59,163 - submitted by leon l. douglas and assigned to the vertol aircraft corporation.



 




         




 




         
   lads and ladies, please - before you email us an ask about using something from this website for a commerical venture - read the terms of use. information on this site is not generally in the public domain if you intend to make money from the use of an item.



 




         




 




         







interested in the early days of the chinook helicopter? download this 1966 ch-47 chinook helicopter fact sheet and get some insight to how it all got started. click-n-go here.



 




         




 




         
   we are soliciting the help of some volunteers...    there is an a model, tail number 60-03451, in the museum at fort rucker. we would like to get in touch with someone who has a high quality digital camera and is willing to make contact with the museum staff and arrange to take photographs of every square inch of the airframe - inside and out, including the interiors of the pylons and any and all areas that that can be opened and photographed. this is to enhance the recording of the history of the fleet.   there is also guns-a-go-go at redstone arsenal that we would like to accomplish the same with...



 




         




 




         







download this 1967 ch-47 chinook helicopter familiarization manual and learn how the fine flying machine works. click-n-go here [.pdf - 41.8 mb].



 




         




 




         
   wanted: any and all operators, maintenance and related manuals for any and all versions of the chinook helicopter. if anyone has a manual for the ch-47c apu, the t62t-25 version, we sure would like to have it. click-n-go here to see what we have already. thanks...



 




         




 




         







featured aircraft: 65-07992, a unique and one of a kind chinook helicopter. click-n-go here to read more.



 




         




 




         
1975 - the chinook helicopter story



 




         




 




         
2014 - the chinook legacy publications



 




         




 




         
   did you know ?  as the f-n-g models are being produced and fielded, many of the d models are being chopped up and scrapped. the next time you partake from a soda can, you may be drinking from what used to be a chinook helicopter. please send in your photographs and stories soon. if you don't then, just like the a, b, c, and foreign sold models - the unique history of the d model will be gone forever.



 




         




 




         
   hey crew members and anyone who knows! we would like your opinion. when looking at a d, f, or g model chinook helicopter, how do you tell whether it was a conversion from an a model, a b model or a c model? please email us.



 




         




 




         
voted best nose art on a chinook helicopter



 




         














         
the nose art of chinook helicopter 89-00150 - "the black pearl".



 




         




 




         
u.s. army aviation digest, august 1972



 




         




 




         







what's new on this website?



 




         




 




         
   fyi:  we do not sell, endorse or advertise any items on this site. we simply strive to report news, educational, and historical information about the boeing ch-47 chinook helicopter. if you still think you need to contact us about a commercial venture, please first check out the terms of use policy.



 




         




 




         






















 

 




         
chinook helicopter model comparison



 

 





         

















 

 




         




 




         
comments or questions ?

 email the webmaster.       







         
this site was hatched on 22 march 1992.







         
   www.chinook-helicopter.com - a universal news organization (uno). 
	
 years since conception and still no copyright © 1992 - 2017. a not-for-profit, commercial free news and historical information website wherein our writers and editors strive to bring you the very best in honest and accurate reporting of chinook helicopter events. no disclaimer to read, no rights reserved, and you are free to take what you will for non-commercial use. terms of use agreement applies - so please read it. if you send in something to be posted on this website, it is considered community property of the universe to be had and shared by all for non-commercial educational use. if you acquire useful information from this site, we wouldn't mind at all if you would link back to us from your website. this site is not sponsored or endorsed by any government, business, commercial activity, or interstellar alien controlled agency (well, maybe). the sad fact is - we have no sponsors at all...wish we did. it is so expensive to maintain this site we have had to resort to recycling the bits and bytes from old pages. well at least we are being green...except for the f models (baby sh*! yellow, er...we mean desert suede).



 




         
the chinook helicopter - a 1,000 miles away from the everyday.



 




         
complete web site map



 




         















