






homepage | catholic community services of western washington







































































skip to content






























search



				search			







close



 






about mission, beliefs & values history leadership catholic social teaching frequently asked questions our impact annual report news contact usservices child, youth & family services coordinated care agency king county housing mental health services services for seniors & people with disabilities shelter & homelessness services specialized services substance use disorder treatmentcareersget involved advocacy events get the latest news international foster carevolunteerdonate donate now choose a specific program to support ways to give




menu 




×
about mission, beliefs & values history leadership catholic social teaching frequently asked questions our impact annual report news contact usservices child, youth & family services coordinated care agency king county housing mental health services services for seniors & people with disabilities shelter & homelessness services specialized services substance use disorder treatmentcareersget involved advocacy events get the latest news international foster carevolunteerdonate donate now choose a specific program to support ways to give








donate










 















serving people of all beliefs












find services by category child, youth & family services coordinated care agency king county housing mental health services services for seniors & people with disabilities shelter & homelessness services specialized services substance use disorder treatment












find services by area clallam, jefferson & kitsap counties grays harbor & pacific counties king county kitsap county mason, thurston & lewis counties pierce county portland metro area skagit & san juan counties snohomish & island counties thurston county wahkiakum, cowlitz, clark & skamania counties whatcom county
























give to l.a. wildfire relief today!











donate




















our mission



catholic community services of western washington and the archdiocesan housing authority (doing business as catholic housing services and coordinated care agency) are outreaches of the catholic church in western washington. rooted in the gospel message of love and hope, we recognize the sacredness and dignity of every human person. our focus is on those individuals, children, families, and communities struggling with poverty and the effects of intolerance and racism.in the past year we provided: 


















3,016




affordable housing units for adults, families, veterans, and seniors 




















947,380




meals prepared and served 




















18,449




children, youth & families provided behavioral health services 






















2,045,392




hours of in-home personal care for seniors and the disabled 




















109,109




men, women, and children served in the past year 




















40




shelters for those experiencing homelessness 























 





play video















helping people find hope



"i just want to say thank you for your generosity, for your kindness, and i know sometimes it doesn't seem like it makes a difference, but it does." 







watch video




















support our mission



we need your help to continue serving families and individuals struggling in our community. 



















donate






 

















choose a program to support






 

















volunteer






 







































 
community voices"my husband and i knew it would be hard, but we kept looking for a place for our whole family. i called many places and could not get an answer. that's when we found ccs sacred heart shelter. they were so welcoming! my experience with ccs people was so good!"
- lily k, kent, wa
 


 
community voices"i am 71 years old. this is my first time being homeless, but now, i have a key and i have a door and i get to go to my room every night and every day, and i have a safe place to live where it is warm or cool, and i feel very lucky. i'm so grateful to have found these people around me who have blessed me with their kindness. thank you to everyone who has made this possible. i will be forever grateful."
- sam w, resident
 


 
community voices"if you want help, this is where you can get it. i had gotten to 35% heart function where i was sleeping in a ditch next to the highway. i knew i wouldn't make it through the winter. i'm happy to be here - and happy to be on my way so another vet can move in and get help."
- paul, a veteran and resident of michael's place transitional housing 
 






















 



















contact



catholic community services of western washington100 23rd avenue sseattle, wa 98144phone: (206) 328-5696 











links










careersnewscontact usprivacy policiessite map












 


 


 

 


 


 

 


 


 

 


 


 







catholic community services, the archdiocesan housing authority (doing business as catholic housing services and coordinated care agency) and catholic charities foundation are 501(c)3 tax-exempt nonprofit organizations.
© 2023 catholic community services of western washington and the archdiocesan housing authority. website by blackbaud.











connect with us



for information on what services we offer, please visit services.
for all general inquiries, please email us at info@ccsww.org.











visit our facebook page





visit our instagram page





visit our youtube page





visit our linkedin page





 







 

scroll to top




















