



monster music  classic film music  for sale and licensing  (monstrous movie music)





















































































































































































































































special 2025 sale!!!order any 3 cds for only $50.00! (includes shipping for u.s. residents)click here!









offering some of the finest and most 
                                            exciting classic film music -- for listening enjoyment licensing purposes. whether it’s sci-fi or monster music, music for westerns, jungle adventures, dramas, etc., our soundtracks and liner books 
                                            have helped set an industry standard! for more information, please email us. 









monstrous movie music specializes in previously unavailable classic monster music, sci-fi music, and other film music from the 1940s - 
                                            1970s.  our cds contain music from some of the finest composers working in motion pictures of that era, and their brilliant soundtrack music speaks for itself and is also perfect for licensing 
                                            purposes.
almost all our cds include bonus tracks, music cut from the films, and each release features illustrated liner books that will tell you more 
                                            about the music and the composers than you ever dreamed possible!  (assuming you dream about such things...)  
our re-recordings were conducted by masatoshi mitsumoto leading the radio symphony orchestras of cracow and slovakia in vibrantly-authentic performances that have been faithfully restored by music expert kathleen mayne.  our original soundtrack releases are made from the best surviving music elements -- often from the composers’ own private tapes -- 
                                            remastered to bring out all the excitement of the music.  our striking covers were painted by renowned horror artist robert aragon and legendary science fiction illustrator vincent difate. 








each cd only $18    --    2-cd sets only $23! 















for more info or to order, click on cd cover or menu






























audio samples:
suite from the baron of arizona
suite from the great jesse james raid








order “western medley” 2-cd set through paypal by 
                                            clicking below!$23.00






















audio samples:
suite from date bait
suite from high school big shot

suite from high school caesar
 








order “juvenile jive” 2-cd set through paypal by clicking below
                                            !$23.00
































audio sample:
suite from the doll squad









order the doll squadthrough paypal by clicking below!$18.00





















audio sample:
suite from the gatling gun









order the gatling gunthrough paypal by clicking below!
$18.00





















click here for the restof the mmm catalog












how to order direct from monstrous movie music











if you’re interested in using our dramatically-exciting music in a film, 
                                tv show, commercial, concert, or other product or event, please visit our licensing page or contact us!
















this site is proud to have receivedthe bob burns kogar award!








contents of this website copyright © 1996 - © 2024 monstrous movie 
                                            music.all rights reserved.  monstrous movie music is a trademarked name.





























