






stair lifts suppliers - home medical supplies & mobility equipment





































menu









3290 trails end road, miami, fl 33169, usa












 




 

 




home
stairlifts
rent vs buy
about our company
 

 


contact us now












medical supplies plus
because you shouldn’t feel limited in your own home









about us
medical supplies plus is a reputable, compassionate and professional provider of medical supplies, with an emphasis on stairlifts. no matter why you need these life-improving devices, or how long you need them for, or what your budget is, we will work with you to outfit your home with a quality stairlift.
with safety at the top of our priorities, we provide only stairlifts made from the most renowned manufacturers. these lifts come equipped with standard safety features and more, so you can feel nothing but peace of mind when you or your loved one use a stairlift at home.










how life & mortgage insurance works when you have disabilities

 tina paxton 
0 comments        


an important insurance policy that every adult should have is a life insurance policy. this is most beneficial if you have a family. if you are the breadwinner, and you were to pass on, they would be left on their own without any financial support. the purpose of a life insurance policy is to give them the money that is needed to replace your income. however, many people wonder how a life insurance policy works when you have some type of disability. this overview of what life insurance is, and how it can be affected if you have disabilities, will now be presented.
are there different types of life insurance?
there are many different types of life and mortgage policies. despite the number of different policies, however, they all serve the same purpose. an individual that dies will then qualify for using the policy. this means that the family of the deceased will then receive the death benefit. this is how all life insurance policies function. you cannot collect unless the person that is insured dies whether this is term life, universal life, or some other type of policy.
does it matter if you have a disability?
people that have disabilities often wonder if they will be eligible for life insurance. for example, people that provide you with the policy often have you do some type of physical. during the physical, they will determine how healthy you are, and if you have any existing conditions. if you do, this could affect the premium that you are paying for the life insurance policy. an example of how this could be detrimental is if you have lung cancer because you are a smoker. this would cause your policy to become much more expensive than someone that is younger who does not smoke. this does not apply to those that have disabilities.
why disabilities do not matter in regard to life insurance
if you have a disability such as not having use of your legs, or if you were injured in war, this will likely not affect your premium. it will also not affect your eligibility if you are working with a legitimate underwriter. these businesses understand that they cannot discriminate against people because they are disabled. therefore, when you get a quote on the total cost of your life insurance policy, it should be the same for you as it is for another person at the same age.
what if you die because of your disability?
let’s say that you are disabled, in a wheelchair, and you are killed as a result of losing control of the wheelchair down a hill. if this were to occur, the only way they could not pay out the money is if there was a clause in the policy. that type of a clause would likely not be legal and therefore you have nothing to worry about. regardless of the disability that you have, not only can you qualify for life insurance, but the death benefit will be secure.
where can you find companies that offer good prices on life insurance?
the best premiums tend to come from businesses that are larger. they are able to charge less and still make money, because of their numerous clients. when you are working with a smaller company, it is possible that they could be much more expensive. you should also do research on each business to verify that they are credible. you can avoid any complications by simply doing your research on the best life insurance businesses near you.
how can you sign up for a life insurance policy?
if you are disabled, it is possible that you would be able to do this online. if they need to have you go through a physical, they could come out to your location. businesses that provide insurance always make accommodations for those with disabilities. you won’t have to be concerned about getting your papers signed or completing any examinations that are required. it should be possible to simply fill out the form online, and the company will do the rest.
will it take long to receive your policy?
life insurance policies typically take a few weeks to become fully active. it is more common today, however, for them to be active once you have signed and you have paid the premium. this ensures that, if something does happen moments after you have paid for the policy, your family will receive the death benefit. this is the case with almost every well-respected life insurance underwriting company.
how will your family get access to the money?
when you sign the policy, you will have already written in the beneficiaries of the policy itself. this will be your spouse, children, or anyone else that you decide should get the cash. this will allow you to feel confident that, in your absence, this business will help your family. this is typically deposited directly into your account that they will have access to as well.
what if you become disabled after you get the policy?
if you do become disabled after receiving the policy, this will not affect eligibility or your premium. life insurance is specifically looking at whether or not you are alive, and the state of your health before you signed the policy. subsequent problems that may occur will not have any effect. if you are working with a legitimate life insurance business, they will have no problem at all with subsequent disabilities that may occur to you.
if you have a disability, you should not be concerned about getting life insurance. it is a straightforward process, one that does not involve discriminating against those that are disabled. larger companies will be able to dispatch people out to your location if you cannot go to them. the paperwork will be signed, and the medical tests will be done, all from the comfort of your home. understanding all of this will provide most people with peace of mind when considering life insurance. disabled people will have no problems at all getting life insurance for their families.





 

health & safety qualifications are essential for minding the disabled at home

 tina paxton 
0 comments        


whether you are a family member, neighbour, or a professional-looking after a disabled person in their home it can come with responsibilities and challenges. no matter how dependent or independent the person you are minding may seem, as a career, you are still required to be skilled and qualified in both health and safety to meet their long term needs and requirements. as a career, the act of putting someone else’s needs before yours to ensure well-being and health. making someone else’s life more comfortable and better can be very rewarding. health and safety qualifications are a legal requirement for all employers or for someone just looking after a disabled person in their home. it is essential to have the correct training in order for you to look after, care and support those people.
a course in caring for the disabled will teach you the knowledge and skills that are necessary to provide effective care for a disabled client in their home and in your care. people are living longer and as we age our bodies will tend to operate a lot less efficiently. understanding how age can affect the body is essential. if a client who is disabled has a fall in the home, you need to be prepared and know how to take care of the person and deal with this specific situation.
common issues for a disabled person 
a disabled person may have a mental or physical impairment which has a long term and substantial effect on their daily lifestyle. it can have an effect on their ability to carry out the day to day activities and tasks. many of these impairments can include:





multiple sclerosis
loss of limbs
learning difficulties
heart disease
mental health problems such as anxiety or depression
cerebral palsy





common risks in the home for disability 






using the equipment like lifting hoists and wheelchairs
supporting, transferring, and lifting the clients
falls, trips, slips





injuries can happen in the home when moving or lifting a person with a disability, even bending and reaching can make it uncomfortable for both parties. it is essential as a career to have the appropriate and important health and safety qualifications to be able to look after a disabled person the correct way. manual handling is hugely important for particular lifting and moving techniques.


types of health and safety training 
taking care of a disabled person can be a monumental task, especially if you are looking after a close friend or a family member. if you are pursuing a role as a career it is important to have all the necessary qualifications and training to look after someone in their home. there are many different health and safety training courses available that will equip you in how to take care of a disabled person and all their daily needs and requirements. so, let’s take a look at some of the common courses that would be essential for taking care of the disabled in the home.




basic food safety 




this course will give the learner a real insight and knowledge on all things food safety which will allow them to work with food in a safe and hygienic manner while taking care of a client. once the basic food safety course is complete all participants will be able to define food hygiene, identify a pest infestation and what way to deal with it, and understand the importance of cleaning and cleaning schedules.




basic first aid 




a basic first aid course will equip all learners with the knowledge, practical skills, and understanding that is required to provide the appropriate first aid treatment in the workplace in compliance with the requirement of the health, welfare, and safety at work act. being a career is a huge responsibility and keeping someone safe is the main priority in this job. so, if an accident does happen in the home the individual is fully equipped and prepared with all the basic first aid training.





patient handling 




a course in patient handling will provide all participants with helpful information and instruction on safe patient handling techniques. once the techniques are followed the right way and correctly this will prevent any injury to someone’s back. patient handling course entails rolling the patient in bed, moving the patient on the side of the bed from sitting to standing, use of the hoist, moving the patient around the bed using slide sheets, moving the patient from a bed to a trolley, and moving the patient from the bed to a chair.




cardiac first response 




this course will give the learner a real insight into how to use the automated external defibrillator and cardiopulmonary resuscitation. a cardiac first responder is extremely important in saving someone else’s’ life in the event that they were at risk.





 

everything you need to know about stairlifts for the elderly

 tina paxton 
0 comments        


as we age, we come to the realization that the activities we enjoyed doing before can be quite hard to do. examples of these involve running around, climbing stairs, and other activities that are tasking to the knee joints. mobility issues become more prevalent due to balance problems and joint pains, and we realize that we need help to move around, especially if one is living in a multi-level home. this is where stairlifts come in. they help with mobility; hence, you can be able to go downstairs and make a cup of coffee with ease, and no fear of falling. so, what are stairlifts, and what types are there in the market? read on to find out.
what is a stairlift? 
it is a chair that moves up and down the staircase using a rail system that is motorized. most of them have two main components, a chair with a motorised gear that you will sit on and a track for mobility. all you will need to do is to sit down on it and put on your seatbelt. once that is done, press a button, and you will then be able to move up and down the stairs.
benefits of stairlifts
stairlifts have numerous benefits. some of them include:
they prevent falls 
stairlifts help to prevent one from falling down the stairs since they are a safer option as opposed to doing it on your own.
easy installation 
they can be installed in less than a day; hence, you will have it ready for you in a short time.
they give you independence
nothing is as annoying as depending on your family to move up and down the house. with stairlifts, you can be able to move quickly, do any activities that you have planned for the day, and enjoy being independent.
they are flexible 
there are different stairlifts for different kinds of staircases; hence, you need not worry if your house will be an excellent suit for them.

types of stairlifts 
there are different types of stairlifts; therefore, one has to know which one will suit them best. they include:
standard stair lift 
with this type, the chair attaches to a straight rail that allows it to move up and down. it is perfect for people who can still walk but have some trouble climbing the stairs. the seat can be fold-up, swivel, or stationary.
standing stair lift 
this type is for people who have difficulty sitting. they can stand on the lift and are perfect for people who have knee problems. however, for this stairlift to work, there will need to be enough headroom for one to move up and down the stairs. they are also used in homes where the staircase is too narrow to fit a chair onto it.
curved stair lift 
it practically works the same way as the standard chair lift, with the only difference being that the chair is on a curved rail. this is done to suit a curved staircase. also, the seat options are similar to those of the standard one.
platform stair lift 
it is perfect for people who are in a wheelchair or scooter as they cannot move from a standing to a seated position in the usual stair lift. it helps them move up and down the stairs with ease. however, for this type of stairlift, there needs to be ample room in the home for it to fit well.

things to consider before buying a stairlift 
the type of seat 
the type of seat is crucial. if the space on the staircase is quite small, then a fold-up seat is recommended. it is also the best option if other people are walking up and down the stairs. when using swivel chairs, ensure that the height is low enough to ensure that you can sit and stand easily, with no problems.
rent or buy? 
if a homeowner needs a stairlift for a short duration of time, then they can rent it out rather than buying one. it will be a less expensive option. however, renting will include some costs such as installation fee, monthly service fee, and de-installation fee. if you plan to live in your home for a long time, then buying will make more sense, especially if you have a long-term disability. you can look at both options and see which one bests suits you.
is the lift using a battery or electrically operated? 
electrical is a great option, but the only downside is that when the power goes out, you will not be able to use the stairlift. batteries, on the other hand, will also need to be replaced often, but it gives one peace of mind since you know that you are not relying on electricity.
is it standard or a heavy lift 
standard stairlifts usually can hold up to 400 pounds. heavy-duty lifts, on the other hand, will be able to support up to 600 pounds, with ease. it, therefore, depends on your personal needs.

safety guidelines while using stairlifts 
stairlifts are easy to use, but you have to follow some safety guidelines to ensure that your safety is guaranteed. they include:
use the seatbelt 
always wear your seatbelt while on a stairlift to ensure that you do not lose your balance, or fall out while on the move.
use the keylock 
most stairlifts have a key that will prevent them from operating if the key is removed. this will prevent unauthorized use by children or others who need supervision. ensure that is locked, especially if there are children around as they love playing around with almost everything.
always dismount carefully 
ensure that you correctly dismount when you are done using it. in case one has balance issues, they could install an extended railing to help with extra support while dismounting.
stairlifts are the perfect option for the elderly as they will keep them in their homes longer, and prevent them from going to nursing homes early. they will give one their independence back and make them feel young and energised again. as seen above, there are many options to choose from, and once you find one that suits you best, you ill enjoy your golden years, stress-free.





 

how to determine the cost of customised stair lifts

 tina paxton 
0 comments        


an investment into a stair lift for a loved one is one of the best choices you can make. at a certain age, elderly people still want to maintain their independence, yet it is difficult for those that have a home that has a staircase. their inability to ascend and descend the staircase may compromise their ability to move around and do their usual routine. by installing a stair lift, you will provide them with this functionality, allowing them to move about as they once did before they became unable to do this on their own. the cost of a stair lift can be substantial, depending upon the length of the staircase, its design, and whether or not it is customised. if you are specifically looking for a customised stair lift, you can get multiple quotes from different businesses that will offer you a wide variety of options.
how much does an average stair lift cost? 
the average cost of a stair lift is typically thousands of dollars. depending upon where you are in the world, regardless of your currency, it will be quite expensive. for example, if you are in great britain, it will still be thousands of pounds sterling. therefore, you need to get multiple quotes from a wide variety of different and reputable businesses that specialize on the installation of these very helpful and unique contraptions.
different types of stair lifts that can be installed 
there are three standard types of stair lifts that are made. these would include those that are straight, those that are curved, and ones that are designed for outdoor staircases. additionally, there are standing stair lifts, including those that are curved and straight, plus platform stair lifts are another option. in most cases, people will want to install a stair lift inside of a home, which limits the number of options available. the least expensive will be those that are on shorter straight staircases, with the most expensive being customised stair lifts that are designed for curved, or uniquely shaped, staircases that are quite extensive.
what is a customised stair lift? 
a customised stair lift is simply a stair lift that is going to be far from standard. when staircases straight, or has a gradual curve, they will likely have one that is in stock that they can install. however, especially in elite homes that are quite expensive, the staircases can be quite elaborate. they may need to design one specifically for that staircase, and in doing so, the cost will be much higher. they will come out to take measurements, and then decide how it will be attached to the walls to provide the highest level of safety. additionally, other requests can be granted including making the stair lift out of different materials, providing a larger seat, and many other options.
do all stair lift companies provide customizing options? 
if you are working with one of the larger companies that manufacture stair lifts, it is likely that they will have customizing options. smaller businesses may not have those options available due to a lack of equipment for doing customization. when you request an estimate, be sure to tell them that this is for a customised stair lift before going any further. that will eliminate those that cannot do customization, and allow you to receive quotes from only businesses that have the capability to provide this for you.
will they take longer to install? 

the most difficult part of the customization process is doing the measurements and then creating a physical item that needs to be installed. once that is done, they will already have the equipment, tools, and the stair lift itself which will fit perfectly per their measurements. therefore, it should not take any longer than a standard installation as they will have done this many times before. in most cases, this will take no longer than a few hours, and once it is checked for safety, it will be ready to be used. these companies will also provide instruction for the elderly, and those that are responsible for them, to make sure they understand how it works. as long as you are working with a reputable business, it is likely that it will be done properly, and they will also answer any questions that you may have about the finished product.
is there a way to save money on a customised stair lift?
saving money on a customised stair lift typically occurs when you have multiple quotes that you have received. you can talk with each of the businesses, tell them how much another company has offered you, and then they may offer you a discount. at times, they may also advertise that they are running a special on the installation of both standard and customised stair lifts. these are typically for a limited amount of time, and if you can take advantage of this during this period of time, you can save a substantial amount of money.
it is so important for the people in your family that need customised stair lifts to get the best ones that are sold and installed today. by taking advantage of the many experts in your area, and getting multiple quotes from them, you will eventually find one that is exceptional. if they are running a special, and if they are a well-known business, certainly consider using them so that you can save money. as long as they guarantee their work, as well as the stairlift itself, you will know that you have found the best deal on a customised stairlift.





 

when to rent vs when to buy a stairlift

 tina paxton 
0 comments        


stairlifts, without a doubt, are life-changing devices that grant mobility and access that might not have been possible before their invention. but, sometimes, users don’t need stairlifts to change their entire lives, just for several months or years while they rehabilitate from illness or injury. this is when renting can be a feasible option to consider over purchasing a stairlift for life. below, we’ll help you to understand which circumstances are best for buying and best for renting stairlifts.

when to rent a stairlift

many medical suppliers will offer stairlift rentals, but only under a set of circumstances. this is because stairlift installation is labor intensive and quite time-consuming. you might be a good candidate for renting a stairlift if:

you have a straight staircase. curved staircases and staircases with landings typically are not considered feasible for rental purposes.
your staircase only consists of no more than 16 steps. incredibly long staircases require more labor and materials, so they will typically have to be purchased.
you plan to use the stairlift for six months to several years. renting a stairlift for permanent use is more expensive over time than purchasing the stairlift outright. companies that rent out stairlifts will typically mandate a minimum of 4-6 months because of the labor and material costs associated with stairlift installation.


when to buy a stairlift
purchasing a stairlift outright can be the best option, even if you aren’t sure that you will use it for the rest of your life. some companies will allow you to “sell back” your stairlift after purchase within an allotted period of time, once the stairlift has lived out its use for you. you might want to consider buying over renting if:

your staircase is curved, extremely long (longer than 16 steps), or has landings along the way. rental staircases typically only allow for installation on straight staircases.
you either plan to use the stairlift for no more than 3 years, or you plan to use it for the rest of your life. if you plan to sell back your stairlift before 3 years is up, you can recuperate some of the cost.

choosing to buy or rent isn’t as simple as looking at an article like this one, but this is information that you should keep at the front of your mind when conferring with a medical supplier.





 

here’s what you need to know about stairlifts

 tina paxton 
0 comments        


if neither you nor a loved one have ever had to make use of stairlifts, there’s a good chance that your mind is buzzing with questions when the time ever does come for this mobility assistance to enter your life. when you realize that a stairlift can seriously improve the conditions of somebody at home, you need to know the facts. below, we’ll answer some of the most common asked questions about stairlifts. with this information, you should feel more confident as you shop for the right device.
do stairlifts have other names?
while the most widely known term used to describe this device is indeed, “stairlift,” there are other names associated with it, too. you might hear a stairlift called a stair chair, stair lifter, chair glide, or stair glide. when you talk to a medical supply distributor, they will know what you mean regardless of what name for stairlift you use.

how is a stairlift installed?
stairlifts are installed directly onto the staircase, not the wall that runs beside it. the lift is attached to the railing and secured with mounts every few steps.
how do stairlifts get power?
generally, stairlifts are plugged in at the top or the bottom of the stairs. the location of the required outlet will depend on the model, so make sure to keep your stairlift plugged in as per the manufacturer’s specifications.
what if there is a power outage?
fortunately, modern stairlifts all come equipped with a backup battery, so sudden power outages don’t have to leave you stranded on your staircase. this backup battery charges when the stairlift is plugged into the wall. even if the outage is extended, you can feel confident in using your stairlift on backup power. most stairlifts will continue operating for as many as 50 round-trip uses before they must be plugged back into a power source.
do stairlifts work for all staircases?

if you have a curved staircase, or a staircase of any configuration other than simply straight, you might worry about whether a stairlift will work. fortunately, there are stairlifts designed specifically for more complicated staircases. the downside of this is that these devices will cost more to purchase/rent and install.
if you’ve got an outdoor staircase that you need to access, there are even weather-proof options available on the market!

can you rent a stairlift?
yes! many medical supply companies allow for stairlifts to be rented, though usually for no fewer than four to six months. this is because the installation of a stairlift is laborious and expensive. if you know that you will only need the stairlift for a short time, renting your device is certainly an option.










contact us
whether you’re in need of a stairlift for the short-term or the long-term, medical supplies plus is here to help you! reach out to one of our compassionate members of staff to see how we can outfit your home with the stairlift that you need to navigate it in peace and safety.
medical supplies plus
3290 trails end road, miami, fl 33169, usa
tina@medicalsuppliesplus.net










 





















medical supplies plus | copyright 2019






