






 



gayle van leer thoroughbred services - gayle van leer thoroughbred services














































































skip to content



858.794.6262info@gaylevanleer.comfacebook page opens in new windowx page opens in new windowlinkedin page opens in new window


gayle van leer thoroughbred services
multi faceted bloodstock agency that provides consulting services, representation in thoroughbred race horse purchases and sales, privately or at auction, manages equine portfolios, provides appraisals and other services.


home about servicesconsultation auction selections private purchases and sales portfolio management appraisals stallion seasons & mare mating services expert witness testimony  sales calendar winners ownership 101intro getting started bloodstock agents cost of ownership your trainer role of veterinarians do i need insurance? tax considerations interpreting a catalog page transporting your horse horseshoer or farrier library  in the news contact 




 
home about servicesconsultation auction selections private purchases and sales portfolio management appraisals stallion seasons & mare mating services expert witness testimony  sales calendar winners ownership 101intro getting started bloodstock agents cost of ownership your trainer role of veterinarians do i need insurance? tax considerations interpreting a catalog page transporting your horse horseshoer or farrier library  in the news contact 













grade 1 placed win the space at santa anita


american theorem schooling in the del mar paddock the day before his first start.





your success is my goal in this exciting game of thoroughbred horse racing


thoroughbred horse racing is a business of highs, lows and everything in between. you should approach thoroughbred ownership as a business and get sound professional advice, from your bloodstock agent to the others on your “team” such as trainers, farm managers, and yes, your accountant. make sure to ask plenty of questions, attend seminars, read everything you can and never stop learning. if you are new to the business or just starting out, you may benefit from the information offered in my ownership 101 section.
let me put my years of experience in the thoroughbred industry to work for you to make your experience in this business as successful and fun as possible. whether it be finding you that special yearling, weanling, 2-yr-old or broodmare at a public auction, a stallion for your farm, locating a racehorse that fits your needs, or managing your overall portfolio of horses for success, gayle van leer thoroughbred services can make the difference that puts you in the winner’s circle.
new to the business? i work with first time owners frequently. feel free to contact me if you have any questions, need further information, or would like to make an inquiry about any of the services i offer. i look forward to helping you achieve your goals in the thoroughbred horse racing industry.

“my family has used gayle to guide our thoroughbred ventures for over 25 years, the ultimate professional, she knows the business backwards and forwards and is completely trustworthly” —kathleen kennedy, rl stables









contact 




in the news


(april 22, 2022) gayle was again invited to be part of a panel in the popular online thoroughbred owner conference series. this time the topic was “pedigrees and conformation”. you can listen to this broadcast by going here.
read more >(january 2022) longtime clients of gayle van leer, larry and carolyn samovar, are the member of the month in the california thoroughbred magazine for january 2020.
read more >(december 2021) gayle van leer profiled by the california thoroughbred breeders association in the december 2021 issue of their magazine.
read more >




view all news articles 














advisor

board memberhome
about
services
sales calendarwinners
ownership 101
in the news
p o box 12992
la jolla, california 92039
p: 858.794.6262  |  f: 858.794.6888
contactfind us on:facebook page opens in new windowx page opens in new windowlinkedin page opens in new windowmail page opens in new windowwebsite page opens in new window 








					copyright © 1998-2024 gayle van leer, all rights reserved | all photos ©gayle van leer unless otherwise noted
                








go to top






































































