











medical malpractice lawyers: minnesota & wisconsin






















































1.800.752.4297



facebook




twitter




linkedin




youtube


 





facebook




twitter




linkedin




youtube



 












home
practice areas

appellate law
business + corporate
catastrophic injury
construction litigation
employment
estates + trusts
estate + trust administration
family law
insurance
litigation
mediation
medical malpractice
professional liability
real estate
vaccine law
electronic litigator®


professionals
industries
news

blog
midwest law talk


contact

minneapolis, mn
hudson, wi
make a payment


 





select page


  
 



 



 










medical malpractice lawyers minnesotalommen abdo’s medical malpractice and personal injury attorneys understand the impact an unexpected injury or death from medical malpractice has on individuals and families. our attorneys know how important it is to combine this understanding with their advocacy abilities while striving to successfully resolve personal injury and medical malpractice claims for our clients. the firm has both a solid track record of successful outcomes and countless satisfied clients. the laws vary from state to state so it is important to obtain qualified legal advice as soon as possible.  we only receive a fee for our legal services if our client receives money from the parties responsible for the injury or death. 
lommen abdo’s medical malpractice attorneys are licensed to practice in minnesota and, in partnership with other medical malpractice attorneys, handle medical cases in other states as well. if you believe you or a loved one has a medical malpractice claim, you should act quickly to meet your state’s time deadlines. missing a deadline may prevent you from bringing a medical malpractice case. 







minnesota experienced medical malpractice lawyersdoctors, nurses and other health care providers usually provide caring, professional service with a high standard of excellence for their patients. however, on occasion, things can go wrong. if you, your child or other loved one has been injured or if a loved one has died as a result of a medical mistake, you may be entitled to financial compensation.  health care providers are usually insured and must pay compensation if a medical malpractice claim is proven against them.



attorneys
kathleen m. loucks
christopher l.b. scott
heidi m. torvik








looking for a medical malpractice attorney in minnesota?a doctor’s negligence is probably the most common factor in most medical malpractice cases. when a doctor or hospital deviates from what’s known as the standard of acceptable medical care and acts negligently, the resulting injuries could be the basis for a medical malpractice claim if it is also shown that the actions or failure to act on the part of the medical provider was the cause of harm.



areas of focus: 


failure to diagnose an illness 
failure to prevent surgical infection 
leaving a medical utensil implanted after surgery 
surgery without informed consent 
certain birth injuries and cerebral palsy 
failure to diagnose breast cancer 
misdiagnosis 
improper prescription drugs 
anesthesia errors and mistakes 
blood transfusion contamination injuries 









medical malpractice videos





what is medical malpractice? 





what types of injuries do you see in medical malpractice cases?





why are medical malpractice cases so difficult to prove?







how does handling medical malpractice cases for both plaintiffs & defendants impact your approach?





what are the time limits for filing for medical malpractice? 





what are recoverable damages in medical malpractice? 







what is your experience in trying medical malpractice cases?





any medical malpractice outcomes you can tell us about? 










news + articles







lommen abdo attorneys named to the 2025 best lawyers® and ones to watch lists

by lommen abdo | aug 15, 2024we are thrilled to announce that half of lommen abdo’s attorneys have earned the prestigious recognition of being named in the 2025 edition of best lawyers®. these accomplished legal professionals have demonstrated unwavering dedication, exceptional skills, and a...





ten lommen abdo attorneys recognized as 2024 best lawyers®

by lommen abdo | aug 17, 2023we are thrilled to announce the outstanding lommen abdo attorneys who have earned the prestigious recognition of being named in the 2024 edition of best lawyers. these accomplished legal professionals have demonstrated unwavering dedication, exceptional skills, and a...





minnesota supreme court – in conflicting opinions – issues further guidance to practitioners on the filing requirements of rule 5.04(a)

by nathan heffernan | aug 4, 2023the 2013 amendments to the minnesota rules of civil procedure enacted substantial changes to rule 5.04(a), which now plays a crucial role in determining the timeliness of filing a case. it brought about significant change to the long-standing practice of so-called...





mastering summary judgment: strategies to seal your case with precision

by christopher l.b. scott | aug 3, 2023in the legal realm, summary judgment is a crucial procedural tool that allows parties to seek a prompt resolution of a case without going through a full trial. prevailing on summary judgment is much less costly than proceeding through trial. to succeed in obtaining a...





minnesota supreme court adopts the common interest doctrine

by nathan heffernan | nov 21, 2022attorney-client privilege is the bedrock of the american legal system. it allows clients to speak openly and honestly with their counselors in a way that guarantees the free flow of information and ideas necessary for effective representation. but when numerous...





minnesota’s rule on corporate designee depositions now requires the noticing party to “confer” with the entity to be deposed

by lauren e. nuffort | oct 5, 2022rule 30.02(f) of the minnesota rules of civil procedure governs depositions of corporations or organizations.  it provides for a notice of deposition to an “entity” rather than an individual.  an entity can include a corporation, partnership, association or...



« older entries










the right choice

do you have a legal question? contact us today. we are here to help you!







	notice: javascript is required for this content.










 








contact lommen abdo 1.800.752.4297
920 second ave s, suite 1000
minneapolis, mn  55402
terms + conditions
privacy policy



search for:



 lommen abdo lawyers represent clients throughout minnesota, wisconsin, north dakota including:
mn: minneapolis and st. paul (twin cities), bloomington, eden prairie, edina, minnetonka, wayzata, st. louis park, brooklyn park, roseville, maplewood, woodbury, hastings, shakopee, burnsville, eagan, lakeville, st. cloud, duluth, mankato, rochester, winona and other communities in hennepin county, ramsey county, anoka county, wright county, sherburne county, carver county, scott county, dakota county and washington county.
wi: hudson, river falls, new richmond, glenwood city, milwaukee, madison, la crosse, appleton, green bay, wausau, superior, eau claire, sheboygan, janesville and other communities in st. croix county, polk county, pierce county and bayfield county.
nd: bismarck, fargo, and grand forks

 






facebook




twitter




linkedin




youtube


© lommen abdo, p.a. | 
920 second ave south, suite 1000
minneapolis, mn  55402 























































