 






home - wamimusic.com
















 







































wamimusic.com












general page
here music live
















best music






recording studios



gone are the days when the thought of recording in a huge and expensive recording studio was something unimaginable. many created studios underground, and the activity was more like amateurism. until one day, the representatives of the world of music decided to combine all the small recording studios into one big empire.

popular artists, our favorite songs. everyone and everyone has associations with one or another song. in the life of each of us there is at least one song tied with personal memories. but where and when were these songs recorded? who or what caused the birth of these songs? and most importantly: in what environment was the recording? today we will walk through the largest and most famous production centers and recording studios of all time.


we will start, perhaps, with one of the very first recordplant studios, which has not lost its relevance. gary kelgen and chris stone announce the opening of three studios, in new york, a year later in los angeles and in 1972 in california. it all started in 1968. the first recordplant recording studio in america is opened in new york city. the studio was doomed to success, because the first project was to record a new album, at that time, the famous jimi hendrix-a.


general



"electric ladyland" with its scandalously famous cover. later the studio is visited by the famous john lenon and paul mccartney. such growth in popularity could not leave everyone indifferent, because the studios, which opened after 1968, simply could not withstand the competition from recordplant. in 1978, the studio burned to the ground, with all the equipment in it, fortunately no one was injured. but by that time the studio had achieved great success, and the fire did not become an obstacle to the second opening of the studio, in the same place in 1980. then things went only up the hill. in 1987, the studio in new york city is successfully sold and closed, the same fate awaits the studio in california in 2008. in 1999, the studio reconstructs and improves one of its four studio rooms, which had no analogues, with a budget of 1.5 million dollars. in 1994 and 2000, recordplant deserved to be called the studio of the year by tec (technical excellence & creativity). today there is only a studio in los angeles. michael jackson, justin timberlake, beyonce, rihanna… the list of famous songs and performers can go on for a very long time.






another "dream studio" is located at abbey road 3, london, united kingdom. abbey road studios received its name of the same name in november 1931, founded by gramophone company. abbey road studios became world famous in the 1960s, when the studio was equipped with the latest, at that time. like any doomed studio, abbey road studios visited the beatles in 1964, where they recorded their second album beatles for sale. the building where the studio is located was originally an apartment building with eight rooms. in 1931, sir edward elgar opened the studio for the first time with the participation of the london symphony orchestra. in 1958, abbey road studios was unofficially declared a "rock music center". the studio is visited by such rock performers as: cliff richard and the shadows, oasis, pink floyd, radiohead, duran duran, and the time machine (2007).
very interesting option was added to the official website of abbey road studios. now everyone can watch in real time the "zebra" on which the beatles went to shoot the cover of the legendary cd.


hansa tonstudio - sounds proud! originally, the studio is located in the heart of berlin (germany). among english musicians the studio was known as "hansa studio by the wall" because it was located near the berlin wall. founded in 1964 by brothers peter and thomas meisel, the studio did not stay near the berlin wall long. in 1972, hansa moved to its current location. the famous studio became famous after british musician and producer brian eno helped david bowie to record here a song called "heroes". here they recorded their singles depeche mode, iggy pop, and u2 with their famous album achtung baby.


hansa tonstudio - sounds proud! originally, the studio is located in the heart of berlin (germany). among english musicians the studio was known as "hansa studio by the wall" because it was located near the berlin wall. founded in 1964 by brothers peter and thomas meisel, the studio did not stay near the berlin wall long. in 1972, hansa moved to its current location. the famous studio became famous after british musician and producer brian eno helped david bowie to record here a song called "heroes". here they recorded their singles depeche mode, iggy pop, and u2 with their famous album achtung baby.


at the end of the story about creating songs, thematic video from justin timberlake:





i would like to note: the studio is first of all an atmosphere of creativity. if you are an artist, the decision to come to the studio is not born at a certain scheduled time or under certain circumstances. if you are an artist, you know by hearsay that inspiration has no time frame, location, or shade of mood. if you are an artist, you know when you are ready. and the first thing you shouldn't have to ask yourself at these moments is a studio where nothing will distract you from your inspiration, but rather an opportunity to create.






top 10 recording studios for you










olympic

it was probably the largest recording studio in london. here the most famous musicians in the last fifty years recorded their compositions. unfortunately, olympic was closed in february 2009. the last one who worked here to create new songs was british band u2.










chess

it was here, in chicago, on 2120 michigan avenue, that a new genre of music was first recorded under the name. bright representatives of this style were mick jagger, kate richards, willy dixon, muddy waters, chuck berry, etta james, who also recorded their hits at the recording studio chess.










the record plant

this recording studio is known not only to musicians in new york, where it is located, but also far beyond its borders. after all, it was here that bruce springsteen, john lennon, jimi hendrix and many other world artists recorded their legendary songs. another such studio was built in los angeles, where many famous songs were also created.










hansa

the legendary studio in berlin, located near the famous berlin wall, became famous in the 70s, after the outstanding british musician and producer brian eno helped david bowie to record here a song called "heroes". american rock vocalist iggy pop, depeche mode and u2 also recorded their hits here, which only added to the prestige and credibility of this studio.










hitsville usa

the legendary studio and, in a way, the headquarters of a famous record label in the united states called motown records. this is where the songs of such outstanding artists as stevie wonder, diane ross, marvin gaye were born; the bands: jackson five, the four tops, boyz ii men and many others.












abbey road

the studio, located in the north of london, mainly recorded their compositions outstanding beatles. it was here that their immortal and everyone's favorite albums were created. among the modern musicians, who used the abbey road studio's services, one should remember the bands oasis, radiohead, pink floyd and british singer kate bush.










sunset sound

the famous hollywood recording studio sunset sound, is known for the fact that it was here that once were sounded disney cartoons. later, it became the so-called "factory of rock'n'roll". more than 200 world hits, such as the stones, elton john, fleetwood mac, the beach boys and many others, were born within the walls of this recording studio.










sun

this tiny recording studio, created by the american producer sam phillips, known primarily as the discoverer of elvis presley, actually served as the cradle of the birth of famous compositions of world stars such as johnny cash, elvis presley, roy orbison, jerry lee lewis. today this building serves as a tourist attraction.










muscle shoals

this recording studio was established in 1969, in the state of alabama. clear accompaniment and quality arrangements of muscle shoals can be heard in a variety of legendary songs recorded at this famous studio. wilson picket, aretha franklin and staple singers worked here.










air

the famous independent recording company air, was first established by beatles producer george martin. the second studio was created by martin in the 70s in the overseas territory of great britain montserrat. a huge number of famous songs of the 80's performed by the police, duran duran supertramp were recorded here, in the recording company air. unfortunately, the studio did not last long, only until 1989.








best music festivals in 2020-2021










villa music

organized by the independent music source pitchfork media, this three-day event is a musical genre of melting pot rock, hip-hop, electronics, jazz, punk and any other genre and subgenre you want to celebrate. with a fair of recordings, food, art, and drinks from local and national producers, this is a truly cultural celebration.


tba july 2021, union park, chicago










lollapalooza

an excellent collection of music, dance, comedy and craft kiosks, lollapalooza is another multi-genre delight that also provides a platform for political and non-profit artists and bands. the festival forever creates historic moments in the careers of many musicians, firmly anchored in the world's festival hall of fame.


tba july-august 2021, grant park, chicago.










south to southwest

regarded as a leading trendsetter and career pioneer, sxsw is an annual showcase of music, movies and interactive events that can be enjoyed during performances, showcases, conversations, shows and much more. virtually capturing the city of austin, everyone in the music world, from fans to media, flock here to discover the next big event.


tba march 2021; austin, texas.










coachella

every year, the indio desert quickly sells out, becoming a fashion hive of the coolest bands watched by fashionable people and celebrities. not far from the top of the list of festivals, the coachella line is a constant source of annual anticipation and a breeding ground for musical discussions.


9-11 and 16-18 april 2021, indio, california












ultra music festival

the streets of miami have become a meeting place for fans of electronic music all over the country and the world, they have turned into a bold and pompous party, where worshiping djs announce how the sounds of summer will sound.


march 26-28, 2021; miami, florida.










austin city limits music festival

inspired by a series of concerts of the same name, the festival is an eight-stage celebration of all the music, along with art market, delicious food and drinks, dedicated family area and many others. originally the festival was held in one weekend, but in 2012 it successfully expanded to two weekends after the local council voted unanimously to allow it.


october 1-3 and 8-10, 2021; austin, texas.










governor's ballroom music festival

another event that proves the musically loving potential of randall's island park is the govenors ball, an exciting and infectious mix of rock, hip-hop, electronics, pop and folk. providing a variety of musical and culinary tastes, whether you want to relax and unwind or give up to beat and reef, the governors ball offers what you want.


tba june 2021; new york, new york.










electric daisy carnival las vegas

besides two popular events in the usa, this fabulous carnival also visited puerto rico, mexico and great britain. inviting visitors to the fabulous wonderland of edm with neon decoration and walking performers, every year the event attracts a record number of visitors who desperately try to avoid reality through electronic music.


may 21-23, 2021; las vegas, nevada.





our blog


srithe role of music in kickboxing training: enhancing performance through sounddajan hlosterapril 23, 20246 min readkickboxing, a dynamic and engaging martial art, has become increasingly popular in fitness communities worldwide, including in vancouver. vancouver kickboxing classes often incorporate various techniques to enhance the training experience, one of which is music. the strategic use of music…
read moresrihow digital projectors transform music events todaydajan hlosterdecember 14, 20236 min readin today’s music scene, it’s not just about the sound but also about captivating visuals. concerts, festivals, and music conferences now leverage the power of digital projectors to create immersive experiences that enthrall audiences.  these devices, capable of projecting images…
read moresrisoundproofing your home theater – creating a silent oasis for cinematic blissdajan hlosternovember 22, 20234 min readif you’re like me, you know a great home theater is more than just a big screen and seats. home theater soundproofing is an essential step, not only to keep the peace with your neighbors but also to ensure you’re…
read moresriexploring 7-channel sound for home theater and musicdajan hlosternovember 22, 20235 min readtoday, i’m super pumped to chat about 7-channel surround sound and how it can totally transform our home theater sessions. i mean, surround-sound audio is not just a passing fad – it’s a real game-changer in terms of how we…
read moresricomposers and musical themes of the star wars sagadajan hlosterseptember 6, 20235 min readin the vast cinematic universe of star wars, the visual spectacles are undeniably mesmerizing. but what truly binds the galaxy together, from the bustling markets of mos eisley to the echoing chambers of the death star, is its iconic music.…
read more
our partners











netbet
the title partner of our recording studio is the austrian project netbet casino, which has chosen us as the main assistant for its podcasts and video shows. we are grateful to such honest partners who have passed the trust test from raphael hager from oc24 limited.






 gw casino is top gaming platform from australia, but it is also source for the most recent news in the igambling security industry. we provide articles, online casino security research, and a one-of-a-kind collection of 1100+ games, with a portion in the review devoted to safety signals to help players make the best decision when playing for real money. with $2,000 and 200 free spins on sign up, you're certain to want to discover more.
gw casino







odownloader
odownloader is our most beloved youtube to mp4 video downloader!check by yourself:great quality of downloaded videos (720p, 1080p, 4k)supersonic speed of downloadsworks on any deviceno annoying adstotally free!












academic help
discover expert writing tips, tools, and reviews by academichelp.net. our comprehensive resources help students and professionals enhance their writing skills, improve content quality, and navigate academic challenges with ease











silence wiki
you've probably heard the question "does soundproof paint work?" or something to that effect. and it's true, a lot of people are wondering about whether there is such a thing as soundproof paint.









gagadget
now, when a lot of company teams work sometimes from office and sometimes from home, meetings turn from routine to crucial for company development. that is why top quality wireless presentation systems became so popular now. our gagadget editors could not stay aside and prepared the list of the best.












sew homegrown
sewhomegrown - little blog that revolves around all things sewing, decorating, crafting, remodeling, rug making, farming, and healthy living. stay tuned to nurture the awesome skill of bridging the gap between mundanity and the beauty in everyday things.  






stay casino
staycasino login offers a secure and quick access point for players to enjoy a variety of online casino games. the user-friendly interface ensures a smooth login experience, whether on desktop or mobile, allowing players to dive into their favourite games effortlessly.










infatica.io
to ensure efficient and unobstructed web activities in specific regions, infatica provides a dedicated proxy in north america, guaranteeing reliable and secure access.








brazino 777
brazino777 offers an exceptional online gaming experience with a wide range of casino games, sports betting options, enticing promotions, secure transactions, and a platform designed for seamless entertainment.









treblab
some golfers might not think that sound quality is a top priority when it comes to their golf game, but after trying out the trebblab hd77, they may think again. these best golf cart speakers provide crystal clear sound and rich bass, making it easier to hear those subtle swing changes or wind conditions that can make all the difference on the course.
















about this web-site














this site publishes trend information about music. we have the latest events, useful tips and top bands only. be always aware of the events around you. if you have any questions you can always contact us at any time.

please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *firstlastemail *comment or message *submit 








© 2020 wamimusic.com















