



barony of storvik – in the sca kingdom of atlantia










































 skip to contentbarony of storvikin the sca kingdom of atlantiamain navigationnewcomers

what to expect at a baronial populace meeting
what to expect at baronial activities
what to expect at storvik’s dance & fighter practice
what to expect at events


calendar

activities

archery
arts & sciences
fighter & dance practice


events


baronial information

officers & deputies
baronial champions
policies


about us

past baronage
heraldry
orders and awards
history of storvik
neighbors


newsletter
main content




welcome to the barony of storvik
upcoming events


			our next virtual baronial populace meeting will be held sunday, november 17th at 7:00 pm et. for log-in information and all further details on this and other storvik events, visit our baronial calendar.
		

our weekly fighter practice is held on monday nights at st. andrew's episcopal church in college park, md. check the baronial calendar and our facebook group to confirm practice is on!










skol, storvik!
welcome to the barony of storvik in the kingdom of atlantia. we are part of the society for creative anachronism (sca),  a non-profit educational organization whose members research and recreate various aspects of life prior to 1600 a.d.
the barony includes washington, dc; prince george’s county, md; and some parts of montgomery county, md. if you are interested in getting involved please contact our chatelaine (aka our newcomer’s officer), and take a look at the baronial calendar to find an event to attend. we look forward to meeting you!


official email group
the official communications channel for the barony is our google group. please join to receive regular updates from the barony.
join the conversation


this month in the drekkar…
february 2024 drekkara box for tiny treasures

this round box brooch was made in gotland, sweden, between 700 and 900 ce. a viking woman
would have worn it to secure her shawl and hold tiny precious objects.
source via the metropolitan museum of art under a creative commons open license.
read it here previous issues
please direct any and all articles of an interesting, entertaining, and/or informative nature to chronicler@storvik.atlantia.sca.org

barony facebook page
the barony’s facebook page is home to lively unofficial discussion and an easy way to get in touch or ask quick questions.
join our facebook group
follow our facebook page


current baronage


 their excellencies the baron john west and the baroness graçia esperança de sevilla were raised to the throne of storvik in the kingdom of atlantia at battle on the bay, september 25, a.s. lv
contact her at baroness@storvik.atlantia.sca.org
contact him at baron@storvik.atlantia.sca.org
or contact our chatelaine—the officer who specializes in presenting information to newcomers to our hobby—or the seneschal, the legal officer of our group.


home
kingdom of atlantia
for newcomers
official email group
this is the official website for the barony of storvik of the society for creative anachronism, inc. and is maintaned by marguerite d'cheneau who may be contacted at seneschal@storvik.atlantia.sca.org. this site may contain non-authoritative copies of some sca policy documents; to be sure you are viewing the complete and current version, consult sca.org or the originating office directly. this site may include links to external pages which are not maintained by the sca; such links do not representan endorsement, and the sca is not responsible for the content of those pages.© 2025 the barony of storvik. please respect the rights of our contributors, who retain copyright to certain portions of this site. for permission to use photographs, articles, or artwork from this site, contact the webminister.











