






kicksology.net



















































kicksology.net


about










menu







by ernest kim






kicksology.net


about




























































i started a podcast...


may 10, 2024
       in business, updates





i know it’s about a decade late, but i’ve finally done my duty as a man of a certain age and started a podcast with my friend and former colleague at nike, joachim groeger. it’s called learn, make, learn, and we started it with the goal of helping people in the business of making products make, better.the seed of the idea for this podcast genuinely was planted about a decade ago with my post here articulating wtf is a product manager? that post elicited way more feedback than i anticipated, which sparked the realization that there aren’t many resources out in the world for people interested in product creation in general, and product management in particular. that was true back in 2015 and, surprisingly, remains true today.so, my hope is that with learn, make, learn, we can shed light on what i think is a fantastic career path. and, as noted above, by sharing lessons learned over our careers creating digital and physical goods at firms running the gamut from start-ups to global brand names, we hope we can help just about anyone in the business of making products.the image featured here is the “cover art” for our first episode, hello world, where joachim and i introduce ourselves. and we’ve also published an episode that builds on my post about product management.if you’re interested in subscribing, you can find “learn, make, learn” at any of the major podcast directories, or listen via the web at learnmakelearn.com. i hope you find it useful!






tags: product management, product marketing, product creation, podcast




















dongdaemun design plaza in seoul, south korea, lit up to mark the launch of the first running footwear models to feature nike react cushioning. photo credit: nike, inc.







farewell to an epic year...


december 30, 2018
       in life, sneakers





the imminent arrival of 2019 put me in a sentimental mood, and so i began to reminisce on the year that was. as batshit crazy as 2018 has been from a geopolitical perspective, skimming through the 7,400-plus photos i took this year (almost exactly one thousand more than i snapped in 2017) reminded me how fortunate i am and how much i have to be thankful for on a personal level.on a professional level, this stroll down memory lane also reminded me that i had a pretty amazing work experience at the very start of the year.










inside the event venue in seoul, just before our first round of presentations. this was the screen that i presented in front of. in fact, it was two screens, each of which was on rollers. at the point where the event photographer is walking above, the screens split open, allowing the audience to walk through into…





i’m incredibly lucky in that i periodically have the opportunity to represent the efforts of my nike teammates at product launch events organized by our remarkable brand and communications teams. these events can vary dramatically in scale based on the scope of the story we have to tell—from small briefing sessions with a handful of participants up through auditorium filling affairs. this past january, nike running took the latter route to launch our first line-up of shoes to feature the new nike react cushioning platform. the events took place in asia, europe and north america, and i was offered the privilege to lead the launch presentations in asia—specifically, in seoul, south korea and shanghai, china.










the experiential half of the presentation space at the dongdaemun design plaza in seoul. this side of the presentation space offered several interactive experiences that attendees could engage with, each of which highlighted a key benefit of nike react. i snapped this just a few minutes before our first presentation, so it was very much the calm before the storm.





no matter how many of these things i get to take part in, they never cease to amaze. our brand and comms teams somehow manage to consistently top themselves, securing incredible venues and transforming them in record time into site-specific experiential installations. as a presenter, i pretty much get to just show up and be made to look brilliant thanks to the efforts of this army of people who do all of the actual work but get none of the shine.aside from presenting our new products, a key responsibility at these confabs is participation in one-on-one interviews with members of the media. some find this task onerous, but, perhaps because i know what it’s like to be on the other side of the microphone from my days running kicksology.net, i actually enjoy these sessions. i can tell you from direct experience that it’s a lot easier to be the interview-ee than it is to be the interview-er.










here i am earning my keep at the nike react launch event in seoul. as a presenter, i pretty much get to just show up and be made to look brilliant thanks to the efforts of an army of people who do all of the actual work behind the scenes. photo credit: riley wolff/tempo.





sure, i have to make certain to remember my key talking points and find ways to work them into the conversation without seeming like i’m just regurgitating talking points. but that definitely beats stressing out over whether or not i remembered to charge the batteries in the recorder; or have enough storage space on the camera; or asked all of the question i meant to ask, all while actively listening so that i can ask effective follow-up questions. just thinking about those days ties my stomach up in knots. much respect to those working the media beat, which is far more complicated today than those quaint days of yore when simply maintaining a blog was considered cutting edge!










here’s the presentation venue for the nike react launch event in shanghai. you don’t really get a sense for the scale from this photo, but this screen was huge—i mean, nearly the size of an imax screen huge. it looked amazing, but, perhaps unsurprisingly, it put off a ton of heat. the venue itself was pretty chilly, but, by the end of my presentation, i was in a full sweat—not because i was nervous, but because standing next to that screen was like standing next to the sun.





speaking of blogs, of these interviews, my favorites are always with the sneaker bloggers—or perhaps the term “blogger” is passé, given that few these days actually publish blogs, with most instead focusing on platforms like youtube, instagram, or weibo? i guess it’s more correct to simply say that my favorite interviews are with the true sneakerheads. no disrespect intended towards the mass market media folks, but, given that their audiences are, by design, very broad, they tend to ask very broad questions (“what was the ‘aha’ moment?” is a staple). the sneakerheads, on the other hand, really want to know about the nitty-gritty of the development process and, as a product geek, that’s the sort of stuff i love to talk about.










here’s a literal look behind the screen. it would be interesting to know how many miles of cable are required to get this monster up and running. it looks crazy, but it ran perfectly through a full day of presentations.





i was happy to see that the nike react launch events in both seoul and shanghai included quite a few sneakerheads. i wish i could remember the names of all of the wonderful people i met, but two interactions do stand out in my memory. the first is an interview i did in seoul with ryan wolff from tempo, which, at that time, was a very new, running-focused publication based out of melbourne, australia. tempo is geared towards serious runners, but i think it’s fairly unique in that the team behind it recognize that there’s a cultural component to the sport that’s at least as important as the performance side. ryan was also very clearly a sneakerhead, and it was fun to talk to someone who was as interested in how our nike react products fit into the broader sneaker culture as he was in their performance bona fides.










like the event in seoul, the shanghai launch event included experiential elements as well. here, a room bordered by video displays and filled with balloons brought to life the cloud-like cushioning offered by nike react. these images don’t do the experience justice, but hopefully they give you at least a taste for the amazing work done by nike’s brand & communications teams in support of product launches.





then, in shanghai, i had a great conversation with the team from ulsum. they were genuinely interested to learn more about the products we were launching and, not only how we arrived at our ultimate solutions, but why we arrived at those solutions. perhaps due to the pressure to be the first to publish, a lot of outlets don’t go beyond asking about the surface attributes of our products, so it was refreshing to have an opportunity to dig into the why behind the what. ulsum recorded our interview and have since published it to their youtube channel, and i’ve embedded that video below. if you view through to the end, you’ll notice that i managed to sneak some watch-talk into the conversation as well!



those are just two memories from a year that was more eventful than most. honestly, i would have sworn that these nike react events took place in 2017, as way more than the typical twelve months worth of stuff has happened over the past year. as exciting and edifying as 2018 was, here’s to hoping that 2019 is a few degrees less turbulent and tumultuous—more late-period roger federer than peak andre agassi. 2019: the ball is now in your court!






tags: nike, nike running, nike react, nike epic, product management, product marketing























“roma” is phenomenal & demands to be seen in a theater.


december 15, 2018
       in reviews, life





first, this isn’t a review, so i’m not going to give anything away about alfonso cuarón’s latest film, roma. indeed, i went out of may way to go into the movie knowing as little as possible about it, and i’d strongly recommend that you do the same.instead, the purpose of this post is to try to get as many people as possible to see roma in a movie theater. why, you may ask, should i plunk down my hard earned cash to see roma in a theater when it’s now available to stream for “free” on netflix? in the spirit of not rehashing ground that’s already been well hashed over, i’ll pull a quote from dana steven’s beautiful review of the film for slate:i rarely get evangelical about viewing modalities, but if there’s any way to do so where you live, please get yourself to a real theater to see this. so much of what’s special about it—the widescreen compositions, the complex sound mix, the fluid shifts in scale—would be lost on a home tv screen, much less a laptop. roma is hypnotic and transporting and sublime, everything a movie seen on the big screen ought to be. seeing it in a theater will not only give you a far better experience of the film itself, it’ll demonstrate to netflix—a company many in the film industry regard as an existential threat to their art form—that audiences still consider some movies worth leaving home for.i’ll just add one more thing, which is that seeing any film in a theater is a forcing function for focus. and, i’ll be honest, i found the first 20 minutes or so of roma to be very slow. “is this movie actually about anything?,” is a question that came to mind over that span. well, it turns out that the movie is about everything, which is what makes it so deeply affecting. and the film’s laconic introduction is key to that impact, because it draws you into the life of its main character strand by strand, so slowly that by the time key events occur in that character’s life, you feel the weight of those events with her and perhaps even as her. had i been watching roma at home on netflix, i’m certain that my focus would have wandered during those seemingly inconsequential opening 20 minutes or so, to the great detriment of my experience of the film as a whole.so, please see roma and, if at all possible, see it for the first time in a movie theater. here in the portland area it’s showing at the wonderful hollywood theatre (they only list showtimes through december 20th, so you may have to hurry). the official web site for the film includes a search feature so that you can find a screening near you, but it didn’t offer up the hollywood theatre when i searched in portland, so you may be better off simply googling “roma movie showtimes.” and, if you do manage to see roma in a theater, let’s talk about it—hit me up on twitter @edotkim and tell me what you thought about it.






tags: film, alfonso cuarón












gear: hub city vintage watch rolls


january 09, 2018
       in reviews, design





people who know me know that i’ve recently picked up a really bad case of watch fever. hopefully it’s not terminal, but it’s bad enough that, over the past year, i’ve accumulated enough watches to need a way to safely house and transport them all. to that end, i recently purchased something called a watch roll from a fantastic company out of south carolina called hub city vintage. and i liked that first roll so much that i went ahead and purchased two more.my experience with the hub city vintage family of watch rolls inspired me to create this video review. give it a click if you’d like to learn more about watch rolls, discover why the watch lover in your life might need one, and why i think the hub city vintage family of watch rolls is perfect for the type of person who, like me, never thought they’d find themselves buying a watch roll.oh, and i think it’s worth mentioning that hub city vintage watch rolls are all handmade in the usa, all feature 100-percent natural materials, and can all be spec’d as fully vegan products. this is really rare in the watch roll space, which is filled with products that rely heavily on leather or microfiber synthetics. if this is important to you, definitely give hcv’s family of watch rolls a looklinks referenced in the video:hub city vintage watch rollsthe unwound podcastotter wax all-natural fabric wax






tags: reviews, watch, accessories, hub city vintage












gear: nikelab veil


december 23, 2017
       in reviews, sneakers





if you follow me on instagram, you’ll have seen the two videos i posted showcasing a shoe called the nikelab veil that my team at nike designed, developed and helped bring to market.those brief snippets elicited tons of questions, so i created the long-form video embedded here to share answers and to provide an in-depth look at the shoe. if you have any interest in the nikelab veil or in how modern-day athletic shoes are made, please give it a watch. and, afterwards, don’t hesitate to shoot any follow-up questions or feedback my way on instagram or @edotkim on twitter.






tags: nike, nike running, nikelab veil, nike free, product management, product marketing, product creation










      prev / next






instagrams






























































 




  site topics



events (2)
updates (2)
tech (7)
design (8)
business (10)
sneakers (12)
life (15)
reviews (19)












