








home














































monday, 17 february 2025























homeabout usour animals
large mammalssmall mammalshoofstockbirdsreptilesinvertebratesconservation
our projectsour rescued animalseducation
zoocampzoolittles programbecome a docentzooteen programprograms / outreach / toursteacher resourceseducation animalshelpful linkseventsdiscount daysbreakfast with the animalseaster eggstravaganzabehind-the-scenes photo tourcommunity appreciation dayzoo by moonlightevening with the animalssip and paintafter dark at the parkmembers & parents nightwet & wild dayfall zoofestboo at the zoothanksgiving with the lemursanta with the animalswildlights & holiday eventssupportmembershipbusiness membershipsadopt-an-animalsponsorshipszoo wish listmonetary donationsvolunteerdine to donatefry's community rewardsvisiting
contact & locationhours, admission & map 2025wildlights holiday rental & bulk ticketsbirthday partiesgroup rentals & weddingsvip experiences


















pronghorn deer are the fastest north american mammal. they can reach speeds of up to 55 miles per hour, and can maintain speeds of 45 miles per hour for over four miles.the tarantula grotto houses a wide variety of native and exotic tarantulas, as well as scorpions and two species of cockroaches.the endangered mexican grey wolf at hpzs is part of a special breeding program called the species survival plan (ssp).contact the zoo for more information.mountain lions range from north america to central and south america. they have long hind legs to help them leap through rocky outcrops which are their preferred habitat.enjoy your next party at the zoo. visit our website or call 928.778.4242 to make your reservation.volunteer at the zoo in 2025! online application available



heritage park events mon mar 17, 2025spring zoocamp 3/17-3/21 
tue mar 18, 2025 @ 4:00pm - 08:00pmdine to donate at texas roadhouse prescott
sat apr 05, 2025 @ 9:00am - 10:30ambehind the scenes photo tour















new rescue bears now on exhibit!
 

make tracks to texas roadhouse prescott! 
dine to to donate: march 18, 2025 from 4:00-8:00pm
 
can't attend...donate here!

 
 it's not too early to think about spring!

 register here!

 don't miss a single event!
heritage park zoological sanctuary relies on the support of the community through admission, membership, adoptions, education programs & outreaches, rentals, events, sponsorships, grants and donations. we have created an amazing calendar of programming for families, adults and children of all ages for 2025. click below for the full calendar of events. we look forward to seeing you at the z00! 

  
2025 event calendar
 
  follow us on social media:           





we are a proud participant in az gives day.  dontations are accepted all year long!
please click or go to azgives.org/hpzs to support us!
 
 

 





sign-up for our newsletter!
are you interested in learning about new animals as they arrive and special events that we hold here at the park? if so, then sign-up for our free monthly e-newsletter! each month, you'll receive an email detailing all of the latest happenings here at the sanctuary. most of the time, you're getting information like this before we share it with anyone else! simply enter your email address below and we'll add you to the list. and if you're not happy with what you're getting, you can unsubscribe anytime.










hpzs is open daily from 10:00 am - 4:00 pm 
1403 heritage park road, prescott, arizona 86301  •  928.778.4242  •  www.heritageparkzoo.org    privacy policy






