










home - refrigeration aberdeen

















































contact usvacanciesnews

sunday, 16 february 2025




tel : +44 (0)1224 873115fax: +44 (0)1224 899919




homeabout usnewsour servicesrepair & maintenancemarine refrigerationmanufactureinstallationproductstorry freezersparescontact us























refrigeration aberdeen
refrigeration engineers
based in aberdeen, scotland, refrigeration (aberdeen) limited is well situated to provide excellent service and maintenance assistance for all types of refrigeration and air conditioning equipment both on and offshore.
read more











hvac engineers
heating, ventilation & air conditioning
we have extensive experience in the fields of refrigeration and air conditioning hvac. time served engineers install, service and maintain all types of both industrial and commercial equipment.
read more











ice plant specialists
and continuous air blast freezers
refrigeration (aberdeen) ltd manufactures continuous air blast freezers, ice plants, liquid chilling equipment, environmental chambers, compressor packs, pressure vessels and many ancillary mechanically engineered and fabricated components.
read more











marine & rig refrigeration
hvac or refrigeration specialists
we install, commission & service all types of marine air conditioning, designed to your individual requirements.  contact us to discuss any new marine or rig hvac enquiries, refurbishment or repairs.
read more











refrigeration engineers
industrial & commercial
we carry out sub-contract work for many nationwide refrigeration and building services companies and can also provide services in the following areas:

planned maintenance
emergency service
materials & spare parts
caring for the environment






 




installation

refrigeration, hvac - heating, ventilation, air conditioning design, supply & installation.
read more

service

repair/maintenance/service of industrial and commercial refrigeration & a/c equipment.
read more

manufacture

manufacture of refrigeration processing equipment - torry continuous air blast freezer
read more









based in aberdeen, scotland, refrigeration (aberdeen) limited is well situated to provide excellent service and maintenance assistance for all types of refrigeration and air conditioning equipment both on and offshore.
what we offer

we have extensive experience in the fields of refrigeration and air conditioning hvac.
time served engineers install, service and maintain all types of both industrial and commercial equipment.
our engineers are registered with acrib, with city & guilds safe handling of refrigerant/ammonia certification.
installations have been carried out nationwide and worldwide europe, russia, south america, south africa middle and far east.
sub-contract work carried out on behalf of many nationwide commercial refrigeration and air conditioning contractors.
quality refrigeration & air conditioning spares are supplied. we are able to source the most hard to find items at the best prices.
we are manufacturers of the torry continuous iqf freezer.

we specialise in;




ice plant specialists
we specialise in offering a bespoke ice plant design service for our customers.






steel belt iqf freezer
torry continuous air blast tunnel iqf freezer with stainless steel belt.








marine refrigeration
experience in this marine refrigeration serving vessels in aberdeen.






air conditioning hvac
refrigeration and air conditioning equipment both on and offshore.



 






contact us
we would be happy to speak to you about your requirements, please contact us for further details.

tel: +44 (0)1224 873115
fax: +44 (0)1224 899919
e mail: click here





































 





copyright © 2023 refrigeration aberdeen ltd.
concom website design






