















southside place, tx - official website | official website



 






 















skip to main content




















community event


	annual spring garden party - april 27, 2025  
	read on...


	planning and zoning commission notice of public hearing - february 19, 2025 7:00 pm city hall
	read on...








create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in













 













facebook
twitter
pinterest
delicious
blogger
linkedin






 
 













home
my account
printer friendly
email page
contact us
rss
site map
translate page
notifications
documents






 
 



  
 












search







 
 
 




    home      government      residents      business      how do i...?  


 

 

 

 




 














staff directoryview current numbers








online paymentseasily pay your bills








document centerview documents








report a concernsubmit any issues








notify me®receive notifications










 
 
 



  
 
 





















southside place weather



 
 
 








southside place all events city calendar





february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




26
27
28
29
30
31
01

02
03
04
05
06
07
08

09
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
01










wed, feb 19  

planning and zoning commission public hearing at 7:00 pm city hall






view all




/calendar.aspx



 
 




park department summer activities for the family with 2025 season passsummer pass applications for the pool, lap swimming, and tennis court usage are available online and at city hall. family passes are $550 over 65 passes are $325. over 75 summer campers have signed up for summer fun. 



 



yard waste recycling - bio bagscompostable thirty-three gallon bio bags are now available at city hall for purchase at a reduced cost. yard waste will be recycled into compost, mulch, and soils.



 
 




curb house number painting project to begin february 24, 2025beginning february 24, 2025, a company contracted by the city will be out repainting house numbers on the curbs throughout the residential area. please contact city hall if you have any questions or concerns. 



 
 




2024 city tax bills are dueall city tax bills for 2024 have been mailed. the over 65 exemption is $185,000. "homestead exemptions not available" is printed on all residential bills. the average appraised home value in southside place is $1,918,502. city tax bills are separate from your county bill. if needed, please drop-off your city tax bill in the night deposit box. please call us if you need an additional 2024 tax bill copy.



 
 




centerpoint energy residential street light work in southside placecenterpoint led streetlight installation is complete. over 200 led lights have been installed. repainting of the lights also will be taking place on-site once the led project is completed.



 
 




residential public safety security assessmentsthe police department is offering security assessments at residential homes. the goal of the program is to utilize proven crime prevention methods to make southside place safer one house at a time. please call city hall at 713-668-2341 to set up an appointment with a police officer. 



 



sidewalk assessment study and recommendation reportan engineering team has reviewed sidewalk conditions in the residential area. sidewalks will now be evaluated and scored for replacement purposes in 2025 - 2026. the sidewalk assessment study is available for review to residents at city hall. 



 
 




houston surface water rate increases sanitation fee and residential black sanitation bag deliverysouthside place is required to purchase 80% of its drinking water from the city of houston. houston surface water rates are increasing over the next 4 years. every two years, southside place black sanitation bags are delivered to residents for curbside usage. two boxes have been delivered to residents. each box contains 150 bags and can be easily handled by sanitation employees during pick-up days. please place these black bags at the curb. garbage cans should not be placed at the curb. 



 
 



   
 



11th annual spring garden partyto benefit the southside place community gardenparty with your neighbors to celebrate our growth! join us for another fabulous garden party in our beautiful urban garden. see what's growing in our 8 raised beds while playing and eating with your friends. live music, food, drinks, and fun for the whole family. nature discover center activities for kids of all ages. silent auction! beer, wine, and signature cocktail! $20 per adult, payable at the garden gate. kids are free.



 
 




2024 toy & blood drivethank you to the generous residents of southside place for your support of the annual toy drive benefiting the children's assessment center. with your help, over three hundred kids had their holiday wishes come true. see photos of these events below.



 
 














































						1
						img_3156




						2
						bikes




						3
						fd bike 1




						4
						imagejpeg_0




						5
						fd bike 2




						6
						resized_resized_dsc_8211(1)(1)








  
 




$0.340896 adopted tax rate and budget newsthe adopted 2024 tax rate is 0.340896 per $100 valuation. the tax rate increased in 2023 as a result of the city drainage improvement and street reconstruction project. city debt includes monies for the clubhouse acquisition, town center, community pool, 2008 water/sewer infrastructure improvements, and the $8 million drainage improvement project. the 2024 tax rate remains lower than bellaire. capital projects for 2025 include clubhouse roofing repairs. last year, the final phase of water plant upgrades totaled $456,000.



 
 




who knew texas' greatest dog hero was from southside place?southside presents a children's book, happy: the true story of a stray dog who became a hero. this illustrated book recounts the story of a neighborhood dog who saved two darcus street families from a house fire in 1931 and set into motion the birth of our southside volunteer fire department. happy's heroism also earned him the title of texas' greatest dog hero of 1931.pick up your copy of happy and a "happy in southside" t-shirt at city hall.* royalties from book sales benefit the houston spca



 


   
 
 




city-wide drainage improvement project along edloe, harper and a portion of auden is completeafter 13 months, the residential drainage and street reconstruction project is complete. the $8 million infrastructure project included large concrete drainage pipes being placed under the new street pavement along edloe, harper, and a portion of auden. the new drainage system now exceeds a two-year storm event. the new drainage system will reduce ponding by over five inches during a 100-year storm event. thank you for your patience with us during 2024.



 
 




leaf blower rules and regulationsplease remember that non-residents shall not operate any leaf blower on saturdays, sundays, and holidays per city ordinance #168.



 



water/sewer rate winter averaging in southsidewinter averaging occurs during the billing cycle months of december and february. 



 
 




poor farm ditch funds - $32 millionharris county flood control district has been secured in the amount of $32 million. flood control has surveyed the ditch and easement areas along edloe. a public meeting will be scheduled in mid 2025 as to engineering plans and construction schedules. 



 
 




southside place yard waste recycling bio bags 1/2 off purchases at city hall33-gallon compostable bio bags are now available at city hall for purchase. yard waste will be recycled into compost, mulch, and soils. what it includesthe program will start in phases. currently, only bagged grass, leaves, and small yard clippings will be accepted.  yard waste will be recycled into compost, mulch, and soils. maximum bag weight is 40 pounds.how you bag ityour yard waste must be placed in 33-gallon biobags, special compostable bags which meet all specifications from our recylcing vendor, as well as the handling requirements of the city's public works department. biobags are now available for purchase on sale at city hall by the case (120 bags for $70 $35) or by the box (10 bags for $6 $3.) because the bags are compostable, we suggest you store them in a climate-controlled area in your home. 



 


 
 
 
 




when and where it will be collectedyard waste will be collected on the same days as your trash. please place your yard waste bag on the opposite side of your driveway from your trash; it will be collected at a different time from trash.what to tell your lawn serviceif your yard maintenance service typically leaves your yard waste bagged and on your property, please encourage them to use the approved bags. otherwise, it will be collected with trash.what not to dodo not use any other bags except biobags purchased from the city.do not place contaminants in the bag - no dog waste or trash, paper, or plastics. do not put your bagged yard waste at the curb anytime except during the approved window for trash, which is no earlier than 6pm on the evening before your trash is collected.why is this importantthe city estimates that approximately 40% of our waste stream is comprised of yard waste. the cost per ton of recycling our yard waste is less than the cost per ton of trash disposal, so not only is yard waste recycling the sustainable choice, but it also saves the city money. yard waste recycling is optional, but we strongly urge you to join your neighbors and help keep southside green!who to contact with questionssteve kenney, public works director, city of southside place 713-668-2341 or publicworks@southsideplacetx.gov 



 
 




city flood prevention ordinance regarding residential constructionharris county has provided new guidelines to all cities regarding flood prevention measures for residential construction. these regulations include the 500-year floodplain, and new construction methods. please have your architect and builder contact city hall for additional information. flood damage prevention ordinance



 
 




auden drainage improvements / 2026-2027the proposed project will remove and replace existing undersized storm sewer laterals at the residential intersections of south haper. 



 
 







 



bike safetywe encourage cyclists of any age to be safe and responsible as they enjoy their rides around the city. this video from aaa provides an introduction to bike safety and sharing the road with vehicles and other cyclists. you can also visit their website for more information on bicycle safety. if you have any questions or concerns you can contact the southside place police department.aaa - riding skills and tips



 
 



 
 
 



sign up with hcfcd to receive customizable water level and rainfall alertsharris county flood control district (hcfcd) has announced enhancements to their website to provide residents the option to receive automated alerts regarding water levels and rainfall via text message, email, or both.harris county flood warning system alert sign upharris county flood warning system map



 
 





staff contacts - 713-668-2341 city hall phone number





department
staff contact
email




police department
chief mccall
dmccall@southsideplacetx.gov


fire department
chief serrano
firechief@southsideplacetx.gov


building department
stephanie leal
permits@southsideplacetx.gov


utility/water payments
stephanie leal
permits@southsideplacetx.gov


inspections
stephanie leal
permits@southsideplacetx.gov


municipal court
donna terrell
court@southsideplacetx.gov


public works - water, waste water, sanitation
steve kenney
publicworks@southsideplacetx.gov


parks and rec - pool, clubhouse, pavilion
andrew deaversdonna terrell
adeavers@southsideplacetx.gov or call 832-509-4642donna@southsideplacetx.gov


administration
david moss
citymgr@southsideplacetx.gov


city hall general questions
david moss
citymgr@southsideplacetx.gov





  
 




city election for southside placeplease contact the city secretary for questions or comments at 713-668-2341.city election for southside place - election page new harris county voting system - videonotice of general election for municipalities 2024  for more information on the new harris county voting system, please see the video on the page above. 



 
 
 





recycling faq'show do i put my recycling at the curb?you may collect it all in one or more containers, for instance, in cardboard boxes that you plan to recycle anyway. paper grocery bags are fine, too, but please do not use plastic bags!do i have to separate the different types of recycling?no, you may co-mingle your recyclables in one or more containers! there's no need to separate plastics from paper from metal from glass.are plastic lids on plastic containers recyclable?yes, caps and lids smaller than 2" in diameter are recyclable but you must put them back on empty containers before recycling them. larger lids may be recycled separately from their containers.are plastic tubes, such as those used for shampoo, lotion or sunscreen, recyclable?yes, plastic tubes are recyclable. for best results, snip off the bottom of the tube for easy rinsing.may i recycle the pump in my big plastic lotion bottle?you may! but your favorite lotion (or shampoo, cleaning product, etc) may offer a refill option for your pump bottle. check it out.what about aerosol spray cans?yes, these are recyclable. make sure they are completely empty.



 
 




 
 
 
 
 





what do i do with plastic bags that say they are recyclable?do not recycle them with your other curbside recycling! please go to plasticfilmrecycling.org to find out where you may recycle them. many of the local grocery stores (heb, krogers, randalls) offer bins at the entry way for recycling plastic bags.are waxed cardboard drink/food containers (ie. milk, juice, egg whites) recyclable?yes, just make sure the containers are free of food before recyclingwhat happens if my recycling is contaminated with things that should not be recycled?the city's recycling is taken to waste management recycling facility in the city's compactor truck. if our recycling is contaminated, the city may be fined a surcharge for the entire recycling load, something we wish to avoid.pizza boxes are made of cardboard, so they are recyclable, right?yes, but pizza is inherently greasy, and this grease can soak right into the bottom of the cardboard box. soiled cardboard cannot be recycled. but it's not all destined for the landill. tear off the lid of the box, which is typically not soiled, and include only this part with your recyclables. if the bottom is soiled, it must go in the trash.are wet paper and cardboard ok for inclusion with my other recyclables?for paper, it's a definite no. wet paper will practically disintegrate before it can be sorted. in the case of cardboard, if it is damp from water it can be included with the other recyclables. if it is soaking wet and/or wet from anything besides water, the answer is no.if heavy rain is imminent on recycling day, please save paper and cardboard for the following week.can i recycle paper mailing envelopes with plastic bubble-wrap lining?no. consider buying regular envelopes and wrapping the enclosures with paper for extra padding.are metal lids from glass jars recyclable?yes, if separated from the jar, lids larger than 2" in diameter may be recycled. put lids smaller than 2" in diameter in the trash, and never recycle jars with the lids attached. separated lids less than 2" diameter get caught and can jam or damage recycling equipment.can i recycle the heavy glass jars that many candles are sold in?no, these types of jars are made of heat-tempered glass (similar to pyrex) and will not melt at the glass recycler.what about pottery and ceramics?nope, same as above; these won't melt at the glass recycler.here are some easy swaps that will reduce both waste and the energy required to recycle. to get started pick one disposable to avoid, like single-use plastic bottles, or you can try to avoid the bif four : grocery bags, plastic straws, to-go coffee cups, and plastic water bottles. 



 
 
 





recommendationssort the aluminum cans into a paper bag, this simple act of kindness helps the city employees.please flatten the corrugated cardboard boxes, this helps the city employees work more efficiently. wet paper is collected.electronics may be recycled at best buys. please visit best buy for more information. batteries may be recycled at battery plus locations. please visit battery plus recycling for more information.



 
 
 




 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 
 





yard waste recycling questionnaire responsesthere were 102 responses to the yard waste recycling questionnaire that was distributed in the last water bill. below are the results from a few of the questions. does your household currently perform some or all of its own yard care?if your household employs contractors to handle yard care, is the yard waste removed by the contractor?are those days/time usually in compliance with the days/time specified for trash pick up?would you be in favor of voluntary city-wide recycling of yard waste if it meant:using easily available, compostable bags, that you would be required to purchase?ensuring that your yard contractors also used compostable bags, provided by you or them (if the yard waste is not removed by the contractor)?



 
 
 





previous southside place water reportsthe 2023 southside place drinking water report is available at city hall and on the website. southside place purchases 80% of its drinking water from the city of houston.2023 drinking water quality report2022 drinking water quality report2021 drinking water quality report2020 drinking water quality report2019 drinking water quality report2018 drinking water quality report



 
 
 





southside place merchandisevisit city hall to purchase southside place merchandise. they make great gifts for the whole family!         11 oz. traditional ceramic mug - $520 oz. double wall acrylic tumbler with straw - $1028 oz. stainless steel tumbler clear plastic slider lidgildan unisex heavy cotton t-shirtdouble wall vacuum insulated - $255.3 oz. pre-shrunk cotton - $10



 
 
 










harris county poor farm ditch funding and updates


departments


auden drainage rfq lpdm-2023-007


auden drainage rfq pre-submittal questions and answers


public notice auden drainage project rfq_lpdm-2023-007


edloe/harper/auden 23-24 drainage project updates


housewatch program


emergency preparedness


community events


notice of intention to issue certificates of obligation 2023


drainage and construction project contacts


hazard mitigation plan - public comment package


notice to bidders - citywide drainage project bid no. d2017-066


citywide drainage project - addendum no. 1


pre-bid meeting notice no. 2 agenda


city election for southside place


esplanade landscape maintenance services rfp








 







contact







municipal court



parks and recreation



building department



police department



volunteer fire department









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







helpful links







clubhouse rentals



housewatch program



community garden



fire safety education



how do i?









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







frequently asked questions








can i make a payment on line?


why am i unable to pull up my citation online?


can i take defensive driving to have my ticket dismissed?


how do i know if i am eligible to take defensive driving?








/faq.aspx




 
 
 



 



  
 




 
 
 
 



  
 
 



  
 
 














site map







accessibility







copyright privacy







government websites by civicplus®









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



  
 














city of southside place   |   6309 edloe avenue   |   houston, tx 77005   |   phone: 713-668-2341   

 






  
 



  
 
 



  
 
 










    





 
 
 



















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close

















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









