


food for thought

























thursday



	 
	 something's fishy - salmon croquettes
	 
    


      though the pink fish is much loved by both the husband and i, i never really took to cooking it at home. it took just one recipe to change the status quo. a recent issue of cooking light had an easy and healthy recipe for salmon croquettes. what do i say about cl? love their lo-cal take on food.i didn't use as much mayo as listed in the recipe and omitted the flour altogether. still the croquettes were delicious. paired with a spinach salad they made a quick, light weekend lunch.  plus this was one time we didn't miss carbs at all!just remember that the mixture should be squishy. don't keep adding flour/ crumbs until you can shape the patty well, because the croquettes firm up as they cook.salmon croquettes(makes 6)2 wild salmon fillets (or a 15 oz. can)2-3 tbsp baby dill, chopped2 tsp lite mayo1/2 tsp dijon mustard (optional)1 egg white2-3 tbsp dry bread crumbs plus more for dredgingsalt and pepper to tasteolive oil or cooking spray for fryingif you are using fillets, heat a pan and coat with spray. place salmon skin side down and turn the heat to medium high. when you see the skin begin to peel remove pan from heat. let cool and peel skin off.place salmon in a large bowl and mash with a fork. add remaining ingredients and season to taste. shape into patties, cover with film and refrigerate for 30 minutes.heat a skillet and coat with oil or spray. dredge patties in crumbs lightly and place on pan. cook on each side until golden brown. serve with mustard or horseradish sauce.* learn about wild vs. farmed salmon here.labels: fish cakes salmon croquettes healthy seafood



posted by ashwini |   permalink |
100 thought(s)






tuesday



	 
	 cooking with a wise herb
	 
    


      2008 appears to be a year for unexpected gifts. it started with chocolate, then decadent mango burfi from my sister in law and most recently, sachets of dried sage (get the bad pun in the title?) from the lovely jaden. and it's only february. hopefully the year of the rat will continue to bring more goodies (hint).i have been cooking all sorts of greens lately. so much that the cashier at the store asked me if i was going to use the kale and chard for an 'arrangement' like lemons! gosh no. methinks kale looks better in the pot than the vase.cannellini beans and kale is a tuscan classic. the smooth beans complement the woodsy kale nicely. though i prefer mashed comfort you can keep the beans whole and serve it as a soup with a little elbow pasta thrown in. leftovers make a great pizza/ tart topping.cannellini beans and kale (serves 2-3)1 15-oz. can of cannellini beans (or fava/ great northern etc)2-3 garlic cloves, minced1 medium yellow onion, choppedhalf bunch of kale, picked, washed and roughly chopped* (or broccoli rabe/ spinach etc)1 tsp dried sage3 tbsp extra virgin olive oil + extra for drizzlingsalt and freshly milled pepper to tasteheat oil in a pan. add minced garlic and onion. saute till onion turns pink. add kale and 3-4 tbsps of water. cover and cook until leaves are tender (this takes anywhere between 7 to 10 minutes. check periodically).when kale is done, add beans and sage. season to taste. cover and cook for 3-5 minutes for flavors to blend. remove from heat. mash beans with a potato masher until smooth. spoon onto a serving plate, drizzle with olive oil and cheese. serve with crusty bread.* kale requires a slightly longer time to cook depending on how mature the leaves are. i remove the stalk and tough stems, roughly chop it into strips and steam it until tender.labels: kale broccoli rabe cannelini fava great northern beans sage tuscan soup



posted by ashwini |   permalink |
39 thought(s)









	 
	 spilling the 'beans' - peshawari biryani
	 
    


yes, i am finally sharing the recipe i promised here. it's a biryani with an identity crisis. when my sister in law gave me the recipe she called it peshawari biryani. jiggs kalra makes it with kala chana and calls it kale moti biryani in prashad. and somewhere on the web it's referred to, rather uncharmingly as, vegetarian biryani. a rose by any other name etc. etc...i made this biryani with kidney beans (rajma) the first time and felt they were too 'beany' for the delicate basmati rice. so this time around i used sprouted moth beans (matki). they complement the rice in taste as well as size. this is in fact one of the best things about the recipe. you can use pretty much any legumes in your pantry without compromising on the taste. the next time i plan to go a step further and combine the beans with fenugreek instead of cilantro.where does the casserole come in? i finish cooking the biryani on 'dum' in the oven. but the recommended 'unlayered' serving is a visual treat for parties.peshawari biryani(recipe from my sister in law)(serves 2-3)rice - 1 cup basmati rice1 tsp ghee/ butter1" cinnamon, 3 cloves, 3 cardamomsfried nuts (optional)beans - 1/2 cup beans of your choice (garbanzo, kidney, peas etc.)1/4 tsp turmeric1/2 tsp red chilli powder1 tsp ginger garlic paste2 tomatoes, peeled and pureeda handful each of cilantro and mint, washed and finely chopped1/2 tsp good quality garam masalasalt to tastesoak beans overnight. drain and wash the next morning. (sprout them in a colander if you wish to). combine with enough water and cook on moderate heat until done. (you can pressure cook the beans as long as they don't turn to mush). reserve cooking liquid.heat oil in a pan. add turmeric powder, red chilli powder and ginger garlic paste. saute on low heat until combined. next add herbs and saute until fragrant. add puree and beans. stir and cook on medium heat until mixed and dry. season with salt and continue stirring until the beans lose most of the moisture. sprinkle garam masala and set aside.wash rice in 1-2 changes of water. drain and set aside. in a sauce pan heat ghee and drop in the whole spices. add rice, saute for a minute. add 2 cups of the cooking liquid and bring to a boil. cover and cook on low heat until rice is done.for serving spoon rice onto a large platter. make a well in the centre and place beans. garnish with fried nuts and serve with a raita.* entry for my legume love affair hosted by the well seasoned cook* trivia of the day - using beans in cooking speakinghill of beans - not worth muchspilling the beans - divulge a secretfull of beans - bubbly labels: vegetarian biryani beans moth matki pulao sprouts peshawari kale moti



posted by ashwini |   permalink |
39 thought(s)






friday



	 
	 bittersweet love - dill dosa
	 
    


      sneaky tactic 1: add leafy vegetable to dalsneaky tactic 2: add leafy vegetable to idlis, dosas & parathasamaranth, turnip, pumpkin, drumstick, sour greens... i'd see them in the grocery bag, decide i wasn't going to take a bite and then wipe my plate clean! mothers... they would make impressive politicians no?if you turned up your nose at the mere mention of dill, remember 'never say never'. these dosas are more like spongy, slightly sweet pancakes that taste only faintly dill-y (somewhere my english teacher is frowning at that line).by the way sneaky recipes are very flexible so use brown sugar in place of jaggery or increase the amount of dill (as if that's going to happen!)shaepi pole (sweet dill pancakes)(makes 5-6)1 cup rice1/4 cup beaten rice (poha)1/3 cup coconut, grated1 cup dill, picked and washed2-3 cardamom podsgrated jaggery (between 4 tbsps to 1/3 cup depending on taste or brown sugar)pinch of saltoilsoak rice overnight or for a minimum of 3-4 hours. drain and wash then place in blender. coarsely chop dill. add to rice along with washed poha, coconut, cardamom and jaggery. grind to a smooth paste with just a little bit of water.remove in a bowl. season with salt and mix well. cover and set aside for 15-20 minutes. heat a griddle with oil. pour a ladleful of the batter in the centre. let it spread into a thick circle.cover and cook on moderate heat. flip over and cook on the other side. serve hot with a dollop of homemade ghee. or honey or maple syrup ...* see sweet and savory dill idlis* variations - use jackfruit and cucumber (grated) in place of dilllabels: shepuche pole sheppi bhaji dill pancake konkani breakfast



posted by ashwini |   permalink |
24 thought(s)






wednesday



	 
	 scallion zunka for jfi
	 
    


      yes, the plan was to make a 'dum' dish with the casserole but i realized my pantry was missing a couple of ingredients. onions on the other hand? never run out of them.though authentic zunka is made with onions, i used scallions (spring onions, green onions... so many names for such a dainty looking thing!) in this recipe. the garlic/ curry leaves tadka is not common either but this is how a popular restaurant near my home makes it.paticha zunka (scallion zunka)(serves 2-3)1 cup chana dal (split bengal gram)*2 bunches of scallions, finely choppeda pinch of turmeric1/2 tsp coriander-cumin powdersugar and salt to tasteoilseasoning -1/2 tsp mustard seeds2 garlic cloves, masheda sprig of curry leaves1-2 green chillies, slitgarnishing -lemon juice2 tbsp cilantro, finely choppedwash then soak dal in 2 cups of water for about 2-3 hours. grind into a coarse paste with salt and a few tablespoons of water. keep aside.heat oil in a non-stick pan. add mustard seeds, garlic, curry leaves and chillies. next add chopped scallions and saute for a minute.toss in the spices, a pinch of sugar and a little salt. add dal paste. turn heat to low, cover pan with a lid and let the dal cook (sprinkle a few drop of water if you find it's sticking to the pan). when it is dry and crumbly, squeeze a little lemon juice on top, garnish with cilantro and serve. (zunka gets drier the longer it sits. so plan on serving immediately).* inspired by the 'parippu uslis' around blogosphere, i opted for chana dal instead of besan in this zunka. the resulting crumbly texture is quite delicious.* for jfi - onions hosted by radhilabels: onion spring onion zunka marathi food jfi



posted by ashwini |   permalink |
18 thought(s)






friday



	 
	 peek into the kitchen
	 
    


      the only coordinated 'set' in my kitchen are the dishes; almost everything else is an haphazard collection assembled over the years. and this casserole is undoubtedly one of my favorites. it is 32 years old, and has traveled across 8 cities and two countries.it occupied the pride of place in my mother's kitchen and it does now in mine. curries and biryanis, soups and gratins, noisy dinners, celebrations, formal meals, clumsy guests... this pot has seen everything and stood the test of time. best of all, like women it only looks better with age.



posted by ashwini |   permalink |
24 thought(s)






wednesday



	 
	 the nun's revenge
	 
    


      no blasphemy here. that is honestly the name of the drink. this italian hot chocolate is so delicious and indulgent, it is assumed it can't be chaste! in fact the author has compared drinking it to a religious experience :-)i really didn't need further encouragement but as luck would have it, padmaja's fabulous fairtrade goodie bag arrived in the mail (thank you dear!). nestled between the coffee and tea was a gorgeous bittersweet chocolate. sign from above!the nun's revenge(adapted from 'hot chocolate: 50 heavenly cups of comfort')(serves 2-3)1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons half-and-half*1 tsp arrowroot1 tbsp sugar (adjust to taste)2 ounces fairtrade bittersweet chocolate (at least 70 percent cacao), chopped2 to 4 strips orange zest for garnishin a small bowl, combine 2 tablespoons of the half-and-half with the arrowroot, whisking until smooth.place the remaining 1/2 cup of half-and-half in a small saucepan over medium heat. bring to a simmer. when the half-and-half begins to bubble around the edges, whisk in the sugar. whisk in the arrowroot mixture until the half-and-half thickens slightly, usually less than a minute.remove from the heat and quickly whisk in the chocolate until smooth. pour into cups, top each with a piece of orange zest, and serve immediately.* revenge is best served... cold with low fat substitutes. so feel free to use your choice of milk. the arrowroot makes the drink creamy anyway.* use orange flavored liqueur or orange extract if you prefer.* beer is usually the drink of choice on game nights but i am sending this over to mansi anyway for her game night party event.* don't forget to click liquids for january.labels: italian hot chocolate 70% cocoa arrowroot



posted by ashwini |   permalink |
24 thought(s)










about me

     ashwini
     profile 
about food for thought  
mail me  
    {all photographs and text copyright food for thought unless otherwise noted. do not reproduce without permission}.

browse

search this blog  
my bookshelf 
peek into the pantry 
 jfi for coconut 

around the blogosphere

my blog roll 
taste of india (aggregator) 
blogher 
dining hall 
is my blog burning? 

on the table


beverages
berry smoothie
date shake
falooda
italian hot chocolate
mattha



breakfast
bagel with mushroom
banana puris
cucumber pancake
dill dosa
frittata (omelet)
granola
grilled sprouts sandwich
masala toast
moong dal chilla
paan pole/ neer dosa
rice lentil dosa
scrambled tofu
spicy cabbage dosa
spicy mixed poha
sweet poha
urad-moong dal dosa
watermelon dosa




veg entrees
achaari baingan
bottlegourd bharta
butternut squash casserole
cabbage-chana dal sabji
capsicum peanut curry
cucumber capsicum curry
cholia paneer
cilantro soup (saar)
cumin pepper curry
dum aloo kashmiri
drumstick mango dal
gherkin cashew fry
ginger curry
gobi ka kheema
greek pasta
green peas curry
green pigeon peas stir-fry
khichuri
kohlrabi dal
konkani dal
konkani tomato soup
lo-cal palak paneer
mango curry
masale bhaat
methi corn paneer pulav
methi zunka
moong sprouts curry
moong sprouts pulao
osaman
paneer tawa masala
peanut curry
peas stir fry
peshawari biryani
pindi chana
pumpkin dal
radish subji
spicy potato curry
tangy potato curry
thai noodles
til aloo
vegetable kurma
vegetable stew
zunka



non veg entrees
egg curry
fried shrimp
goan fish curry
shrimp fry
shrimp pulao



soup and salad
cream of broccoli
chilled cucumber soup
dad's salad
spicy bean salad




sides and snacks
caramel corn
chana kababs
cucumber cake
dabeli
date walnut cake
garam masala
garlic chutney (dry)
harbhara chaat
persimmon salsa
mango relish
methi muthia
orange bread (lo cal)
radish raita
tortilla quiches
vanilla cookies (shortbread)



desserts
brownies
carrot halwa
chana dal payasam
date halwa
drunken berry trifle
lapshi
melon kheer
moong dal ladoos
rose phirni
shingada flour sheera
strawberry shrikhand
sweet potato kheer
sweet potato turnovers (karanji)
sweet rice




konkani cuisine
ambat batata
avnas amba saasam
batata song
bhajile sungta
daali tauy
dudhya ros
gardudhe bhart
gulpohe
goan fish curry
hirwya vatanachi amti
jeer meerya kadhi
kairas
kalaile phov
kalingad ghavan
khatkhate
kobichi bhaji
kolambi bhaat
kothmir chutney
kothmir saar
madgane
mangalore buns
mooghambat
moogha daali ladoo
morkholmbo
mulangi tambli
mulangi upkari
mushti pole
nol kol ambat
paan pole
rasayan
ratalyacho nevryo
ratalyachi kheer
sambar masala
sanna polo
shaepi polo
sungta sukke
tambli
taushe dhodak
tavsalli
tendli kaju upkari
tomato saar
tur upkari
uddamethi
udda-mooga polo
vatana sukke



previous posts

something's fishy - salmon croquettes
cooking with a wise herb
spilling the 'beans' - peshawari biryani
bittersweet love - dill dosa
scallion zunka for jfi
peek into the kitchen
the nun's revenge
so(y), so good - scrambled tofu
happy new year!
treasure hunt - green tuvar

subscribe
 
 




enter your email:




archives
200512 
200601 
200602 
200603 
200604 
200605 
200606 
200607 
200608 
200609 
200610 
200611 
200612 
200701 
200702 
200707 
200708 
200709 
200710 
200711 
200712 
200801 
200802 

thoughts not food

 30 in 2005
 desipundit
 india uncut
 random thoughts
 sonia faleiro
 sepia mutiny
 trivial matters
 ugly ugly bollywood fugly
 without giving the movie away

credits

 
 

 
 
 
 
  







all photographs and text copyright (c) 2005-2007 food for thought unless otherwise noted.all rights reserved.











