






joseph curtin studios
 


























































home
about

the studios
news
photos & video


instruments

traditional
ultralight
bridge & post veneers
shipping
gallery


clients

selected clients
client audio
client video


articles

by joseph curtin
about joseph curtin


research

oberlin workshop
measurement rig
photos


contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 


























































looking for a concert violin or viola?

joseph curtin has built instruments for some of the most distinguished artists of our time, including violinists erick friedmann, ilya kaler, cho-liang lin, elmar oliveira, yehudi menuhin, ruggiero ricci, and angelo xiang yu, and violists csaba erdelyi, don mcinnis, and steven dann. in 2005, curtin was awarded a macarthur fellowship. in 2013, the “ex-ricci” curtin & alf violin sold in auction for $132,000, a world record price for work by living makers.
if you are currently in the market, traditional and ultralight violins and violas may be available for immediate purchase. otherwise, one can be built for you on commission. the price is currently $36,000 for ultralights, and $60,000 for traditional instruments. call us at (734) 665-1303 or send an email. please note that we deal only with instruments by joseph curtin or curtin & alf.





listen to some of our instruments in performance

karisa chui’s gold-medal performance of brahms concerto








 



ilya kaler’s impromptu performance of kreisler’s recitativo & scherzo








 



erick friedman plays debussy/heifetz beau soir








 




more videos



 








violins@josephcurtinstudios.com | 734.665.1303© 2022, joseph curtin studios.privacy policy | terms of service | cookies
 








we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. .cookie settingsacceptmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept














































