




downtown norfolk





































skip to main content






view map
become a member
contact us









search





















things to do

things to doenjoy things to do on water or land you won’t find anywhere else.



dining
• 14 must try lunch spots in downtown norfolk
events calendar
• submit an event
shopping
selden market
• an insider's guide to shopping at selden market
nightlife
attractions

downtown norfolk waterfront
getting around
restaurant week
• restaurant week application
neon district
• neon pledge• neon district newsletter• public art program• neon festival• downtown arts and cultural district incentives
first fridays
summer fun
• downtown norfolk summer family fun• downtown norfolk summer - shopping• downtown norfolk summer - dining

valentine's day
grand illumination parade
• parade applications• become a parade sponsor
holiday events and experiences
• holiday movie food & drink week• elf door discovery• downtown norfolk holiday must-dos• neon holiday gift guide• spend a day downtown this holiday season
norfolk bike month
small business saturday
employee appreciation month



doing business

doing businessdiscover all the benefits of locating your business downtown, shop available office space and see all the other companies already here.



business directory
business resources
commercial real estate
street level real estate
downtown statistics
downtown norfolk plan

why downtown works
education and training
livenfk career launch
new arrivals
parking and transportation
• parking garages & surface lots• hrt gopass365
starting a small business

vibrant spaces grants
• vibrancy grant application• vibrant spaces examples
outdoor dining guidelines
black-owned businesses
norfolk innovation corridor
downtown job board


living here

living herelive right in the middle of everything - shopping, dining, entertainment, the arts, the river. downtown offers a unique lifestyle, vibrant culture and a world of opportunities right out your front door.



neighborhoods
downtown living

resources for residents
places to worship

city services
photo gallery

dog friendly downtown


improving downtown

improving downtownmaking downtown a better place is an exciting and ongoing venture.



downtown improvement district
public service & hospitality
public space maintenance
• graffiti removal
marketing

placemaking
awards & recognitions
strategic planning
downtown norfolk construction updates

pet waste initiative
covid resources
norfolk innovation corridor
gold bar norfolk



about dnc

about dncthe downtown norfolk council serves as the leading advocate for downtown norfolk and ensures downtown’s position as the thriving and essential cultural, commercial and residential hub of hampton roads.



who we are
10 things you didn't know about dnc
committees
plans & studies
• downtown norfolk retail strategy
downtown norfolk fund

membership information
• join
list of dnc members
board of directors
staff
employment

downtown 100
• member list• downtown 100 scholarship
newsroom
contact us
annual meeting
image gallery



view map
become a member
contact us




search













it's all in downtown norfolk

read more






 where to eatdowntown norfolk’s unique, chef-inspired restaurants and bars offer everything from romantic dinners to power lunches and lively evenings with friends—all within a walkable district. explore all your dining and drinking options by category here.more 
 guide to downtown norfolkplan an afternoon, a weekend, a business lunch, a shopping adventure or a special evening downtown.more 
 valentine's day in downtown norfolkvalentine’s day is a celebration of love, and we hope this year you will show your love for downtown by shopping, dining and experiencing all that downtown has to offer as part of your valentine’s day festivities.more 









you’ve come to the right place
welcome to downtown norfolk, the center of the region’s arts, dining, entertainment and financial scenes. find your way around—and everything to see and do—right here.






events
dining
attractions
nightlife
shopping




arts & culture
getting around
explore downtown
lodging
sports









featured events



fat ham through feb 16, 2025		learn more about what's happening in downtown norfolk.



valentine's day dining cruises through feb 15, 2025		learn more about what's happening in downtown norfolk.



valentine's day dinner saturday, feb 15		learn more about what's happening in downtown norfolk.


view full calendar



    doing business


    discover all the benefits of locating your business downtown, shop available office space and see all the other companies already here.

explore downtown
dining    shopping









map of downtown














getting around








explore downtown
downtown norfolk is compact, walkable and easy to navigate. see our snapmap® for parking options, shopping, dining, attractions, street closures and all the rest.












why downtown works
















available properties











business listings











new arrivals

 







join our mailing list



be the first to know about downtown news and events.

first name



last name



email address





street smarts - i'd like to get up-to-date information about construction, street and lane closures and detours downtown.



special events - i'd like information about dnc produced special events and happenings.



fast facts -  i'd like to receive weekly emails about downtown happenings, announcements and events.



neon district newsletter -  i’d like to receive a monthly newsletter about neon district happenings, announcements and events.



downtown insights – i’d like to receive a quarterly newsletter about dnc stats, activities, and initiatives.











downtown norfolk council
208 east main street2nd floornorfolk, va 23510(757) 623-1757
contact us








privacy policy • newsroom • sitemap 
					• © 2007-2025 downtown norfolk • web design by sway












