









watch fast x - buy now on digital, blu-ray & dvd

















































homewatch at homelimited editionsvideosaboutgalleryget updatesofficial soundtrack 




homewatch at homelimited editionsvideosaboutgalleryget updatesofficial soundtrack 






















fast x















menu





menu









































story 







not all races can be won. #fastxpre-save the official motion picture soundtrack
the end of the road begins.
fast x, the tenth film in the fast & furious saga, launches the final chapters of one of cinema’s most storied and popular global franchises, now in its third decade and still going strong with the same core cast and characters as when it began.
over many missions and against impossible odds, dom toretto (vin diesel) and his family have outsmarted, out-nerved and outdriven every foe in their path. now, they confront the most lethal opponent they’ve ever faced: a terrifying threat emerging from the shadows of the past who’s fueled by blood revenge, and who is determined to shatter this family and destroy everything—and everyone—that dom loves, forever.
in 2011’s fast five, dom and his crew took out nefarious brazilian drug kingpin hernan reyes and decapitated his empire on a bridge in rio de janeiro. what they didn’t know was that reyes’ son, dante (aquaman’s jason momoa), witnessed it all and has spent the last 12 years masterminding a plan to make dom pay the ultimate price.
dante’s plot will scatter dom’s family from los angeles to the catacombs of rome, from brazil to london and from portugal to antarctica. new allies will be forged and old enemies will resurface. but everything changes when dom discovers that his own 8-year-old son (leo abelo perry, black-ish) is the ultimate target of dante’s vengeance.
directed by louis leterrier (clash of the titans, the incredible hulk), fast x stars returning cast members michelle rodriguez, tyrese gibson, chris “ludacris” bridges, nathalie emmanuel, jordana brewster, sung kang, jason statham, john cena and scott eastwood, with oscar® winner helen mirren and oscar® winner charlize theron.
the film also features an extraordinary new cast including oscar® winner brie larson as tess, a rogue representative from the agency; alan richtson (reacher) as aimes, the new head of the agency who doesn’t hold the same fondness for dom’s crew as his predecessor, mr. nobody; daniela melchior (the suicide squad) as a brazilian street racer with a powerful tie to dom’s past; and legendary oscar® winner rita moreno as dom and mia’s abuelita toretto.
fast x is produced by neal h. moritz, vin diesel, justin lin, jeff kirschenbaum and samantha vincent. the executive producers are joseph m. caracciolo, jr., david cain, chris morgan, amanda lewis and mark bomback.






videos 

















loading












            share
          






























        share
      














/
























gallery 















loading












            share
          






























        share
      














/

























      watch fast x - buy now on digital, 4k, blu-ray and dvd.    


    ©
    2025 universal studios
  



feedback
terms of service
sms terms of service
ad choices
privacy policy





            do not sell my personal information
          


ca notice
mpa.org
parentalguide.org
filmratings.com
tobacco
          policy











 












