





waterfront restaurant & bar in webster, ny 14580 | castaways on the lake
























585-323-2943
244 lake road webster, ny 14580






toggle navigation





home


menu


lunch menu


dinner menu


desserts


kid's menu




catering


gallery


contact us


find us



















                             incredible sunsets
                            






                                enjoy one of our signature drinks
                            






                                steak, prime rib and seafood
                            






                             great lakeside dining
                            



 





western new york's # 1 summer destination for outdoor dining on lake ontario










                                    our menu
                                

                                    view our menu
                                









                                    catering menu
                                

                                    view catering menu
                                









                                    parties
                                

                                    book party or event
                                









waterfront restaurant in webster, ny



there's a little slice of paradise just around the corner...seeing is believing.



                        enjoy the most spectacular views and gorgeous sunsets on lake ontario while dining outside. cozy evenings and incredible specials are what make the castaways a favorite dining spot. our two tiered lakside decks are the perfect setting for outdoor dining, in spring and summer. our menu offers delicious creations that are sure to tempt all palettes. treat yourself to local favorites such as cajun rubbed blackened prime rib or our fresh seafood sampler platters.
                        
                        our chefs also offer many pasta, fish, seafood and chicken dishes that are sure to please. we also offer off premises catering and take-out for your convenience. exceptional food and scenic views are why the castaways has been a favorite dining spot since its opening in 1906. enjoy outdoor dining under our heated patio deck. comfortably spaced tables and plenty of free parking make this a favorite lakeside dining spot.
                      
                    

 
                        castaways will also cater your next party or event, pick-up or delivery. please visit our catering page to learn more about this service.
                     
                    
boat docking available at the sandbar park.





5 star reviews



















stella okoko

"the cocktails were great. it's the one place that made my cocktail just how i like it! the view is phenomenal. the ambiance is wonderful and relaxing. if you're thinking about going, stop thinking and go."


veronica linder

"i have visited this restaurant three times in the last year while visiting family in rochester. we always marvel at how much castaways reminds us of florida. the views overlooking the lake are spectacular"


mandy white

"everything was amazing!  beautiful views, delicious food, and hospitable service!  highly recommend!"


kelly rounsville

"enjoyed a wonderful meal with a view overlooking lake ontario.  everything we had was amazing from the drinks to the dessert. make sure you get there so you can watch the sunset over the lake.   "





read more review








quick contact

home
menu
catering
gallery
video
contact us
find us














585-323-2943


                        we are closed andwill be reopening in april 2025

                        










sitemap    |    powered by: webwah!









please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility


