





psychology  | about | university of stirling




































skip to main content


×




home








                            find a course







university courses by subject







study







international







research







about







student life








                            clearing








                            scholarships








                              news








                              events






my portal
contact
search our site
中文网
















中文网


my portal



site search

site search





study


international


research


about


student life





show/hide mobile menu


menu












site search






















loading...
















home
aboutour reputationstrategic planour historyour peoplefacultiesforth2ojobs at stirlingbusiness and enterpriseprofessional servicessustainabilityscotland's international environment centrecity region dealnewseventspublicationsart collectionpsychology kindergartengetting herecontact us
facultiesarts and humanitiesnatural sciencessocial scienceshealth sciences and sportstirling management school
natural sciencesaboutinstitute of aquaculturebiological and environmental sciencescomputing science and mathematicspsychologystudyresearchpostgraduate researchbusiness servicesyour future careernews and events
psychologyphd opportunities in psychology























psychology






















we're one of the leading psychology departments in the uk, offering award-winning psychology courses.
you’ll be taught by academic staff renowned for the quality of their research and expertise. we put forward thinking ideas and practical experience at the core of your studies and we make sure our courses are of the highest industry standard through accreditation with the british psychological society.
our research explores big questions about behaviour, evolution and cognition and is internationally-recognised for its world-leading impact.




study with us
our ba/bsc (hons) psychology course sits at the cutting edge of inter-disciplinary scientific research. we focus on important societal problems such as detection of criminals and improvement of health outcomes. after introducing psychology to you as a biological and social science, we’ll cover topics as diverse as brain functioning, child development, and social behaviour.
our postgraduate and masters psychology courses combine research methods training, with more specialised advanced modules and practical placements.
postgraduate research opportunities
we offer phd or mphil supervision in any of the areas covered by in our division. see the current phd opportunities in psychology.









2nd in scotland
for research impact in psychology
research excellence framework (ref) 2021











what our students said
view more student stories





papoula petri romão
germany
bsc (hons) psychology 


studying at stirling has been a defining time in my life. i now know what direction i want to take my career, i have made great friendships and built a strong connection to scotland.

read papoula's story



view more student stories







our research
we conduct high quality, internationally recognised research which falls under three main themes - health and behaviour change, behaviour and evolution, and cognition in complex environments.
our academic staff are internationally leading researchers in their own fields of interest. in the research excellence framework 2021, we ranked 2nd in scotland for research impact in psychology. 100% of our research impact and environment, and 87% of our overall research in psychology is classed as world leading or internationally excellent.
psychology research




awards and accreditations
successful completion of our psychology single honours and psychology combined honours degree courses are accredited as conferring eligibility for graduate basis for registration with the british psychological society. this is the first step towards becoming a chartered psychologist.
successful completion of accredited postgraduate courses fulfils stage one of the requirements towards chartered membership of the british psychological society.
athena swan bronze award
we have been awarded an athena swan bronze award which recognises the steps we are taking in the department towards achieving gender equality for our students and staff.







 psychology  faculty of natural sciences
university of stirling
stirling
fk9 4la
scotland
uk+ 44 0 1786 467640psych-enquiries@stir.ac.uk 






psychology staff directory












follow us


facebook



instagram



x





youtube



linkedin



tiktok





popular links

faculties
professional services
alumni
jobs at stirling
getting here
students’ union
online shop
blog
current students
staff



site information

policy, legal and cookies
accessibility statement
sitemap
modern slavery statement
scottish charity no sc011159




contact us
tel: +44 (0) 1786 473171

                    university of stirling
                    stirling
                    fk9 4la
                    scotland uk
ask us a question ⟩






map of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland
                        



























© university of stirling





scroll back to the top





 


