






watermark golf | leaving a lasting impression!




























 


 



nathan on twitter (@lipouts)
nathan on linkedin
visit us on facebook
visit us on twitter
 












golf course architecture

award winning design
services
experience
sustainability
bunker renovation & restoration
short game & practice facilities
3d computer rendering


projects

golf
sports and athletic fields
land planning


meet our team

nathan crace, asgca
our team members


testimonials
sister companies

watermark golf management
spot it!
watermark golf media
the lipouts podcast


other ventures

“vincent vino” – a thriller by nathan crace
have paint gun will travel
“your name of course” artwork
lipouts – the column & book


contact us
 


select page


  
 
 










“leaving a lasting impression” 

the watermarkgolf companies
the watermark golf companies is a consortium of professional golf services companies, featuring watermark golf / nathan crace design, that provides unrivaled personal service, creativity, and synergy for clients who want projects that exceed expectations. 
with nearly 30 years of experience in the design of new golf courses and the renovation and re-design of existing courses, master planning, and award-winning designs of our principal, nathan crace, asgca, pla coupled with the team at watermark golf, no other firm is able to provide “big name” results with “hands on” attention to your project the way we can.  that’s why at watermark golf, we are leaving a lasting impression…
to learn more about the watermark golf family of companies, scroll down of use the menu to navigate.
thanks for visiting!

click to see our list of of projects & clients













more awards for our work!









about watermark golf / nathan crace design

“we have two primary goals on every project:1) provide world-class service & results.2) turn clients into friends.”— nathan crace, asgca
—

at watermark golf, we offer clients a full range of services related to golf course design, development, and planning. we deliver to you a finished product which is aesthetically appealing, environmentally sustainable, able to be maintained within your budget, and–above all–fun to play! we will exceed your expectations and create an experience that golfers will play again and again. following the lead of our principal and golf course architect nathan crace, asgca, our team is involved with every detail of your project from start to finish utilizing the skill and expertise to handle any scale project from tee and bunker renovations and individual green complexes to the new design or renovation of entire golf courses, the planning of residential developments, and the creation of world-class practice facilities.








master planning
master planning is a critical step not only in planning for renovations to an existing course or routing a new course, but also helping clients, members, and investors visualize short and long-term goals.








renovation & re-design
renovating and re-designing an existing golf course requires special skill and vision. from re-imagining an entire course or renovating greens or bunkers or anywhere in between, our team has you covered.








practice facilities
using nathan’s background as a club professional before becoming an architect, he has created exciting and dynamic practice facilities for private clubs, former tour stops, and division i golf teams.








u

attention to details
nathan built a reputation on creative results and attention to details.  our team embodies that approach with a “hands-on” approach to each project and every client, ensuring we exceed your expectations.








the public bid process
our public clients range from small non-profits and municipalities to states, div i universities, and even the us air force!  we know how to negotiate the public bid process without wasting time or money.








award-winning results
from golf digest’s “best new public course in america” to golf inc.’s “best renovations in america” and more, nathan’s creative vision gets results–and that gets your course noticed in a world of buzz.













our hands-on approach to detail

attention to detail
the team at watermark golf / nathan crace design prides itself on attention to detail from start to finish.  we don’t mass produce design work and we’re fortunate to be able to be selective in our client base.  this enables us to spend the necessary time to ensure we exceed your expectations. 
it is this attention to the smallest of details that has enabled nathan to build a reputation for more than 25 years as one of the top golf course architects of our age.
it’s also why we say “our most important client…is you.”
 







world class quality

visually stunning aesthetics
we realize not everyone has the vision of a golf course architect with over a quarter century’s experience (otherwise every golfer would be an architect). that’s why nathan creates some of the most visually stunning plans in the industry–from full color master plans to construction drawings. and it’s this care and consideration that turns the finished course into a work of art!

view all services we provide











recent projects





the refugefull course renovation/re-design
read more



the oaks gcfull course bunker renovation
read more



koasati pines gcshort game practice facility 
read more





view all projects







testimonials






“i am most impressed by the scope of nathan’s background. he has an above average knowledge of edaphic and hydrologic properties and turfgrass systems (something i have found lacking at many design firms) and he delivers the ‘complete package’ in terms of what an accomplished golf course architect can provide. he exudes integrity and dedication to his work and i believe his personal qualities are every bit as outstanding as his professional qualifications.”
dr. michael goatley, jr
professor / turfgrass specialist, virginia tech university





“as the former coo for alabama’s robert trent jones golf trail, i’ve had the opportunity to work very closely with some of the game’s top architects and understand the importance of selecting the right person for the job. nathan will exceed your expectations if given the opportunity and i believe him to be one of the golf industry’s top architects. he understands the real cost to maintain a golf course and possesses a unique ability to provide a balanced experience for all golfers.”
russell p. redford, jr.
former coo (retired), alabama's robert trent jones golf trail





“i worked with nathan on two projects and bid on others he has managed. i enjoyed working with him very much and appreciate his eye for detail and ability to adapt to the situation at hand. i look forward to working with him in the future.”
dana grode
regional project manager, landscapes unlimited






read more testimonials here

other ventures





what we’re reading

vincent vinonathan’s new thriller set in nyc, from moonbay media
learn more



online store

have paint gun will travel
go to store



custom made artwork

"your name of course"
see the gallery











let’s build something!
reach out to learn how our team can assist you with creative problem solving, maximizing investment, and helping you turn your dream into a reality!
p:  (601) 849-0461 e: mail@watermarkgolf.com  post office box 1250 magee, ms | 39111 | usa 
100 lakeview drive, suite 210 magee, ms | 39111 | usa 








success! check your email for opt-in instructions. thanks!



first name



last name



email





subscribe












 








 
 



nathan on twitter (@lipouts)
nathan on linkedin
visit us on facebook
visit us on twitter
 






facebook




x




instagram


copyright | the watermark golf companies | all rights reserved 








sign up for the free watermark golf newsletter!










error: content is protected !!

















