



wake-up call service - recurring alarm - better wake-up call











































toggle navigation










home
how it works
faq
contact us
login







our wake-up call service gets you up on time, every time.












schedule from anywhere

our simple design makes it easy so you don’t screw up an alarm. 






affordable and reliable

one month of reliability for the price of a coffee shop breakfast.







our good morning challenge
makes sure you’re fully awake and alert.
					
//betterwakeupcall.com/sample-better-wake-up-call.mp3 sample a call












responsibility done easy. never be late again.
better wake-up call is simple and dependable.
no more confusing p.m. for a.m. with our recurring wake-up call service, never forget to set the alarm again. easy to use, set an alarm once from any computer, smartphone or other mobile device, (no app needed) and get to work or class on time. we’ll call any number you specify, including landlines, at any scheduled time and frequency. and for the first 5 days, our wake-up call service is absolutely free. try it now!

better wake-up call is more reliable than any alarm.
hit the sleep bar as often as you need, and make accidentally turning off the alarm a thing of the past! great for heavy sleepers and snooze button repeaters, our wake up call service keeps calling every 9 minutes until you answer the phone.

our “good morning wake-up challenge” makes sure you’re up.
pick the difficulty that right for you, our challenge questions are as simple or complex as you need them. always enough to ensure you are awake and ready to tackle the day! (or not, disable the challenge if you wake easy.) it’s up to you at better wake-up call. begin your day on time, every time, with a wake-up call service that never forgets about you. we are as dependable as that first cup of coffee, percolating right on time.

use it for everything!
use better wake-up call to wake-up, set reminders and get chores done, remember important anniversaries, take medication on time. try our wake-up call service with a 5-day free trial, no commitment. after that, our service costs only $5.99 per month, and is much easier and more reliable than an alarm.

easy and affordable
we feature a simple monthly billing plan with no hidden fees so there’s never any hassle. for the price of a coffee and a bagel, we ensure a month of reliability so you’ll never be late again.



what our customers are saying


the service is perfect. i love it.
mortisha a



i just wanted to say thank you so much for your medical reminder schedule. it worked great for my mom...
kathleen a



...quite helpful and of course a reasonable price.
nancy b



i used to work weird hours and my sleep was sporadic and i was sleeping through alarms. this was instrumental for me to wake up for work. thank you!
dana s



your service is great...
kathy h



it’s a great service for college kids...definitely need to market that to parents of college kids ;)
rebecca w



i love this service, thank you! sincerest appreciation❤️
amber r



i'm using this as a way to auto-wake my kids for school. ...awesome service.
troy s



comment from discussion lpt [request]: how to wake up in the mornings.


thanks a lot... i appreciate the great customer service.
nick s



i used your service to try to help an employee/friend who really has trouble making it to work on time. its a good idea.
wes j



keep up the good service!
philip m



thanks again for a great service. i believe it’s a reasonable cost for an invaluable service. keep up the good work!
martin s



thank you! you guys have been great.
cathy l



	
						i love better wakeup call & recommend it to friends.
						michele m



this service was invaluable to me during a time when i needed to be woken up early and routinely. it is a very useful service, and thank you for providing it.
nils o



great service, it worked good for me and i would recommend it.
niko c



great service, reliable … good job!
john p




					  you have the best wake-up call services (with math questions) that i have tried.
thank you so much for your excellent service!
ingrid b




					  genius idea - soo cool 
ilana e



i'm gonna post about you guys in a few adhd groups online. i think others would find this super helpful, especially at such a reasonable cost..
honey l



i love your service. you helped me get back on track.
rae c



what great service! ....i’ll recommend you to anyone who could use some help in the mornings.
jenny k



i appreciate your good service.
jeani p



just signed up for service and will be cancelling my snoozter account. ...snoozter is horrible and billed me for every call.
richard b





your first five days are free!

wake me up

get your responsible on never be late again.













						© 2025 - better wake-up call
					



home
how our better wake-up call service works
frequently asked questions




contact us
login
get started








free usa state capital quiz


free wake-up call service


wake-up call service toronto


college student wake up call service


get to class on time


hotel wake-up call service


wake-up call service in vancouver


nyc wake up call service


wake-up in canada easy


how to wake up my kid


free phone number check
























