





new hampshire home page | visit new hampshire


































maps
subscribe












blog













state: nh

connecticut

state
fairfield southwest
hartford central
litchfield northwest
mystic eastern
new haven south central

maine

state
bar harbor acadia
greater portland
mid coast
northern maine
south coast
western lakes mountains

massachusetts

state
boston
cape cod & the islands
central mass.
north of boston
south of boston
western mass.

new hampshire

state
dartmouth-lake sunapee
great north woods
lakes
merrimack valley
monadnock
seacoast
white mountains

rhode island

state
blackstone valley
block island
newport
providence warwick
south county

vermont

state
central
northeast kingdom
northern
southern

new england

all new england



where to visit
things to do and see
places to stay
events
weddings
food & drink
travel information





 












new hampshire





new hampshire





new hampshire





previous



next











dartmouth-lake sunapee









great north woods









lakes









merrimack valley









monadnock









seacoast









white mountains















welcome to visit new hampshire
great vacations on the ocean, the lakes, and the white mountains

new hampshire offers great vacations. people travel from everywhere to enjoy the state's vacation attractions and activities. from the great north woods to the lakes region to the ocean beaches, new hampshire is a vacation destination beloved by adults and families for its outdoor activities, mountains, beaches, and fun family attractions. generations of families travel to vacation spots like north conway, lake winnipesaukee and hampton beach, nh. in the seacoast and white mountains, outdoor activities go on winter and summer. it's a vacation land for all tastes.
nh quick links: great things to do - events calendar- state map



© thomas schoeller photography




new hampshire regions and highlights:
dartmouth nh & lake sunapee area

this serene region is a place of outdoor activities in all seasons. there's numerous lakes in the region, but the largest is lake sunapee, which stretches north from newbury, nh to new london, nh and provides a excellent backdrop for water sports and back-to-nature vacations. winter sports enthusiasts travel to mt. kearsarge and mt. sunapee for skiing and snowmobiling. covered bridge fans find the cornish-windsor, nh bridge a charming attraction. dartmouth college is a center of top-caliber arts & entertainment, for locals, students, and vacationers.



© thomas schoeller photography




the great north woods

this region is comprised of the northernmost reaches of new hampshire, beyond the white mountain national forest to the connecticut lakes, and finally the canadian border. it's a vacation dream for people who love lakes, rivers, wildlife and towering forests. outdoor enthusiasts travel from far and wide to enjoy rugged vacation activities like hunting, fishing, camping, hiking, boating, atv riding, snowmobiling, cross country skiing, and moose watching. festivals and other activities and attractions are plentiful in the towns of colebrook, columbia, and pittsburg.







the lakes region

the greatest namesake of a lakes region, nh vacation is beautiful lake winnipesaukee, a large body of water including islands, bays and sandy beaches that is a year-round attraction. activities in the area naturally include water sports and fishing, with entertainment and dining at local resorts, while the nearby forests and hills host plenty of land-based outdoor fun.  other grand lakes in the area include big squam and little squam lakes near holderness, nh, and lake winnisquam near laconia, nh. the town of wolfeboro, nh on the southern side of winnipesaukee is rustic and homey, and popular for families with children who travel there yearly. other lakeside towns include moultonborough, nh and meredith, nh, where vacationers can rest, walk, dine, shop and enjoy the local attractions.







merrimack valley nh & the state capitol area

manchester, nh, a thriving mill town a century ago, is enjoying a revival as a vacation destination, fueled by attractions like performing arts and museums. entertainment activities are always happening at the verizon arena. the palace theater presents broadway shows and live concerts. the state capitol, concord, nh, is home to the christa mcauliffe planetarium, where children can learn about exploring the universe. canterbury shaker village in canterbury, nh is a living history museum with costumed interpreters.







the monadnock region

this region, located in the southeast corner of new hampshire, takes its name from mount monadnock near jaffrey, nh. sometimes called the most-climbed mountain in the world, it's explored by over 100,000 hikers and campers each year. the mountain has 40 miles of trails, and on a clear day the summit provides a view of every new england state! for children and families, friendly farm in dublin, nh and stonewall farm in keene, nh are great attractions that offer fun activities for kids, like visiting farm animals and taking hay rides.



© thomas schoeller photography




seacoast region

new hampshire's slice of atlantic ocean waterfront is packed with fun, beauty, and history for travelers and vacationers. hampton beach, nh is a family beach with activities and attractions for everyone. portsmouth, nh is a mellow city of cobblestoned streets, historic buildings with dining and shopping, and prescott park with great views of the waterfront. one major attraction, strawbery banke museum, is an immersion into history as well as nature and local events.







the white mountains

the majestic white mountains of new hampshire features plenty of great family attractions, outdoor sports & recreation, grand historic hotels and rustic lodges, and during the winter becomes a hub for snowy fun! enjoy a drive along the spectacular kancamagus highway between lincoln and conway, nh. stop off in north conway, nh for some excellent outlet shopping and dining.
great things to do in new hampshire
























destinations


all new england
connecticut
maine
massachusetts
new hampshire
rhode island
vermont
state map


company


about us
contact
privacy policy
terms and conditions
copyright
site map


partnership


advertise
submit a listing
submit an event


top articles


great things to do
fairs and festivals
family activities
winter activities
fall foliage
pet friendly lodging
romantic gateways
waterfront lodging






tm © 2025  travel media group llc & visit new england®. all rights reserved.
top

 







