


talkeasy consultants ltd








talkeasy consultants
it consultancy services in a 24/7 world

our navigation

home
clients
services
contact



navigatehomeclientsservicescontactdisclaimerlegal notice 


we provide agile project management support for all aspects of your web & it deployments





agile project management



web design & it support services



global project specialists










 
our clients
over the past 20 years we have provided services to the top names in industry and education.

 
enterprise cms
business analysis and project management for content management solutions.


it support
outsource your it provision to us and concentrate on running your business.



blindtext

our story
over the past twenty years talkeasy has been privileged to work with some of the top uk and european based companies and organisations. we love the web and love helping our clients achive their online ambitions through content and workflow management.
with our roots firmly in an academic background, we have provided websites for king's college london, research machines and the oxford university press.
as the internet became of commercial advantage to our clients, we expanded our consultancy services into business analysis, programme and project management, working alongside blue-chip clients such as british telecom, the ford motor company, the hsbc bank, autonomy, hp and the oil company, bp.






no matter how big your ambition, we will support you every step of the journey.




we understand that projects by their nature are must be delivered on time and on budget for their full value to be realised.




our footer

copyright notice


© copyright 1998-2021 talkeasy consultants ltd. all rights reserved.


footer content

where we operate
based in the east midlands, uk our ambition is global. we have clients in spain, norway, poland, scotland and throughout the rest of the uk.

notices

legal notice
disclaimer
we do not use tracking cookies



acknowledgements

images on this site from wikimedia.org
html5 design by www.lingulo.com






