



airic eric dumigan photographer / aviation photojournalist




































































home     aircraft images      airshow reviews     positive images      profile      links       website updates      e-mail









our mission at www.airic.ca is to promote the airshow industry, aviation in canada and canadian aviation history through quality images on the internet as well as supplying articles and images to aviation publications.









image of the week









us navy grumman e-2 hawkeye demo performing at airshow london 2021.

























what started as a hobby for eric at age nine soon turned into a life long passion. to date, eric has written over 450 articles and has thousands of photographs published in calendars, books and magazines. his family photo collection dates back three generations to when his grandfather photographed the r-100 airship at st. hubert, quebec in 1930. 

























































eric is a proud member of: canadian warplane heritage museum, canadian harvard aircraft association, jet aircraft museum and  yyz airport watch. eric is employed at the international test pilot school.








eric dumigan featured in skies magazine's chasing the shot link

















2021 air show & event calendar

















feature video. come along for an a2a shoot with the jet aircraft museum’s red knight t-33









































home     aircraft images      airshow reviews     positive images      profile      links       website updates      e-mail









welcome to www.airic.ca photography by eric dumigan. the following terms and conditions apply to your use of the website. please read these terms and conditions carefully before using the website. you are not permitted to re-transmit, distribute or commercialise the information or material without seeking prior written approval from eric dumigan for written permission to use the information or material from this site, please contact eric dumigan.









.






