








home - isleta pueblo



















































home
about us
newsletters
careers

human resources


contact us

department directory





 












government

appellate court
law enforcement
public defender
tribal council

boards and commissions
poi regulations ordinances & standards


tribal court


tribal community
programs

animal control

found pets
missing pets


assisted living facility
census tribal enrollment office
dept of cultural & historic preservation

dchp-advisory board
dchp-projects


educational services

prek-12
ged/adult education
isleta higher education
announcements/upcoming events
forms & links


elder center

adult day services
food services
home services
operations mgmt
other assistance
personal care
quick links
recreational activities


environment department
head start
housing
library

what’s new
programs services
forms policies
directions & hours
general library
teen section
children’s corner
arts crafts
conference rooms
catalog
apply for card
online resources/quick links
2024 library summer reading program (srp)


tiwa language program
youth recreation

aquatics
health & well being
youth sports & leagues
parks management


uxo/hazmat/nalemp department
water resources
wic – women, infants & children


treasury
poi regulations ordinances & standards
local attractions
isleta health center
st. augustine church
poi elementary school
poi veterans
 





select page


  
 



 



 















welcome to the pueblo of isletathe pueblo of isleta is nestled in the scenic rio grande valley, 15 miles south of albuquerque on interstate 25 exit 215.  it is one of the larger 19 pueblos within new mexico and was established in the 1300s. 
learn more










information for
our community
the information posted here is published exclusively for pueblo of isleta tribal members.

learn more



information for
general public 
welcome to the pueblo of isleta.

learn more














2025-2026 tribal officials




tribal administration
governor:eugene jiron
1st. lt. governor:charles jojola
2nd. lt. governor:juan rey abeita
sheriff:michael lente
undersheriff:nicholas trujillo


tribal council
council president:joseph r. lucero
council vice president:brian jiron
council secretary:anthony jiron
council members:paul jironeulalia lucerofrank lujanron olguin













how can we help you?
welcome to the pueblo of isleta!click on any of the links or images below to find more information about the corresponding departments.








animal control
isleta animal control goal is to protect animals from neglect and abuse, protect isleta pueblo residents and visitors from injury and annoyance by animals. learn more








assisted living facilities
the assisted living facility has been designed with the interest, comfort and care customized to meet the needsof our residents. learn more










cultural & historic preservation
the department of cultural and historic preservation (dchp) views its mission as the preservation of our culture, history, and language. learn more








education services
the pueblo of isleta department of education provides educational support to pueblo of isleta tribal/community members in grades pre- kindergarten through adulthood. through a variety of services offered we can work together to ensure educational success! learn more










elder center
to provide opportunities that involves and assists seniors to improve their quality of life with dignity and to share their wisdom with the community. learn more








head start
developing school readiness through quality education nurturing the traditional and cultural values of our isleta head start children, families, and community. learn more










housing
it is the mission of the isleta pueblo housing authority to provide opportunities to all responsible eligible tribal members to own safe, sanitary and affordable housing.learn more








library
the pueblo of isleta public library provides materials and services to help the general public obtain information meeting their personal, educational and professional needs. learn more










youth recreation
the isleta recreation provides various recreation programs and a park system that meet community needs and promotes community involvement in recreation, parks, cultural activities, education,health, and family life activities in well maintained, accessible and safe facilities. learn more








women infants & children
wic is a free program for women, infants, and children that helps families who have nutritional needs. learn more







pueblo highlights






text messaging system
 
pueblo of isleta has launched a text messaging system to keep you informed about important events or incidents concerning the pueblo of isleta. to signup just scan the qr code above  or if you prefer send a text message with the word “subscribe” to 855-233-9179.
keep isleta strong!









higher education programthe poi higher education program may provide supplemental financial assistance to college students. eligibility is determined based upon submission and review of various required documentation. contact poi/hep to speak with a representative to achieve your higher education! (505) 869-9790
learn more












contact the pueblo of isleta

mailing address: p.o. box 1270,  isleta, nm 87022  |  phone: (505) 869-3111  |  fax: (505) 869-7596

request tech support
click on the download button below to get started
note: tech support only applies to active poi users









 







disclaimer: the website isletapueblo.com is owned and operated by the pueblo of isleta.  our principal place of business is located  within the exterior boundaries of the pueblo of isleta, new mexico. all rights reserved, all content contained herein is property of the pueblo of isleta and may not be reproduced or copied without the expressed written permission from the pueblo of isleta. 














