



















welcome to nu-way transportation meeting all your dedicated logistic challenges


































        call our team at (800)-232-9243 or contact us






 menu




solutions


equipment


about us


careers


faq


log in















we are
                                driven
                            
providing transportation solutions since 1994. join our team.

paid vacation
401k matching
health insurance
driver incentive program

open positions
or
apply online






our mission is to solve the logistics problems our customers face today and help them plan for future challenges.






driven to
                        customize
                    
we customize a logistics solution with the right equipment, drivers, and technology and pivot as your needs change.
explore our solutions




driven to
                        deliver
                    
whether it’s across town or coast-to-coast, from straight trucks to tankers we have the equipment and technology to deliver.
check out our equipment




driven by our
                        people
                    
we wouldn’t be an industry leader without our people, which is why we offer competitive pay and incentive programs.
join our team







r

the first few days of my journey here at nu-way have been nothing but welcoming and professional. i’m very happy that i was will selected to be part of the adelanto team. the staff on this project works well together and i can see why it’s successful.

rafael p




m

this is probably the best trucking company i've ever worked for. i'm hoping i can retire here.

matthew g




e

it's been a good job to have here at nu-way. dispatch is like having old friends. the management work with us when problems arises, which they do in any job. it has been a blessing to have the new tractors here in verona. looking forward to a few up coming changes on the trailers. the pay is adequate to the industry. definitely a blessing to have the team we have.

eddie f




l

the job has been fun and challenging at times. over all a great place to work. nice people and friendly environment.

leonard p









ready to get started with your individual solution? 
contact us





















about us
nu-way creates logistics, supply-chain, and transportation solutions to solve and support the efforts of our customers. we build and sustain long-term relationships through our customer service and by utilizing our people, technology, and equipment. 
privacy policy
 ·                                 terms of use
 ·                 





drive with nuway


leadership team


company mission


logistics solutions


contact us



































