









nathalie dupree - mastering the art of southern cooking











icon caret-left



icon caret-right



instagram



pinterest



linkedin



facebook



twitter



goodreads



question-circle



facebook circle



twitter circle



linkedin circle



instagram circle



goodreads circle



pinterest circle











nathalie dupree










home


my works


biography


see nathalie


blog


what's new


















nathalie's video recipes at the post and courier 
duck breasts with apples and collards








join nathalie for classes; join her on facebook








nathalie dupree on youtube
video interviews and specials











nathalie dupree in charleston






















mastering the art of southern cooking






















"southern cooking is the mother cuisine of america." -nathalie dupreethrough more than 600 recipes and hundreds of step-by-step photographs, dupree and graubart make it easy to learn the techniques for creating the south's fabulous cuisine. from basics such as cleaning vegetables and scrubbing a country ham, to show-off skills like making a soufflã© and turning out the perfect biscuit-all are explained and pictured with clarity and plenty of stories that entertain. traditional southern recipes and ingredients are also given modern twists to make them relevant for today's healthy lifestyle.with more than 750 recipes and 650 variations, making a perfect piecrust, a heavenly biscuit, mouthwatering vegetables, or crispy fried chicken is attainable for any home cook. the recipes and directions are easily accessible to kitchen novices as well as seasoned cooks-there is plenty here for everyone.nathalie dupree is the author of twelve cookbooks, including two james beard award winners: nathalie dupree's southern memories and nathalie dupree's comfortable entertaining. her latest books include shrimp and grits and southern biscuits. she has hosted more than 300 television shows and specials that have shown nationally on pbs, the learning channel, and the food network. she lives in charleston, south carolina.cynthia stevens graubart is an author and former television producer whose culinary television production career includes nathalie dupree's new southern cooking. cynthia is also the co-author of the one-armed cook, as well as the co-author of southern biscuits. she lives in atlanta, georgia.










about nathalienathalie dupree is the author of fourteen cookbooks, selling more than half a million copies, and host of three hundred television shows. for more information see her biography.









click here to email nathalie

























selected works




cookbooks




southern biscuits

layered, fluffy, feathery, silky, soft, and velvety biscuits all come together in southern biscuits, a book of recipes and baking secrets for every biscuit imaginable.




nathalie dupree's shrimp & grits cookbook

the magical combination of shrimp and grits, whether for pre-dawn breakfast on a shrimp boat or as an entrã©e in the finest new york restaurant can be deliriously wonderful. 




nathalie dupree's comfortable entertaining: at home with ease & grace

a beautiful book, winner of the james beard award for entertaining, that will help the novice and the experienced alike.




new southern cooking

the best of traditional southern cooking, as well as innovative, new cuisine.




nathalie dupree's southern memories

this book will be a keepsake for anyone with southern roots, and a practical book for those who like to cook! a winner of the 1994 james beard award. 




recipe index

master index to all of nathalie's cookbooks










quick links








the post and courier
searchable archive of all of nathalie's articles and videos






epicurious online






food central on cnn






authors guild



































loading…}























