















stillwater, ok | official website









  















skip to main content




















holiday schedule


	city hall will be closed monday, february 17 for president’s day.
	read on...














 










     





 
 



  
 












search







 
 
 




    government      community      business      online      how do i...  


 

 

 

 

 






 












 














pay utilitieslearn more about paying utilities








apply for a jobfind employment opportunities








agendas & minuteslearn more about city meetings








waste managementtrash & recycling service










 
 
 














police departmentstillwater police department








adopt a petfind the perfect furry friend








report outagereport utility outage or problem.








pay a tickettake care of citations










 
 
 

























 














stillwater spotlights


what's happening in our community
 






  
 
 















2025 rural fire service contract 


the rural fire service contract allows property owners or rural residents, who are situated within ten miles from a stillwater fire station and not within the coverage area of another fire department, to apply for a rural fire service contract.			additional info...







stillwater trash-off event 


the city of stillwater began coordinating the annual trash-off event in 2006 to enable citizens to volunteer and clean up trash from areas all around town. during these events, citizens take to the streets and streams to show that “litter is not ok.”			additional info...







parks & community resources open house 


this is a community meeting, with staff eager to hear your ideas, suggestions, and concerns regarding our parks, community spaces and public facilities.			additional info...







special needs alert & identification program 


the special needs alerts and identification (s.a.id.) program provides first responders with important information that can be used to identify and assist individuals with special needs during an emergency.			additional info...







share your sidewalk improvement suggestions 


residents are encouraged to share sidewalk improvement suggestions through city of stillwater’s “sidewalk connect.”			additional info...







comprehensive plan 


a comprehensive plan establishes a vision for the next 10 to 20 years of a city's growth, and guides decision making for policy and public investment.			learn more...







city projects 


get the latest updates for the city's infrastructure, tif and t.i.m.e projects.			additional info...







stay connected! 


subscribe to notify me to receive updates and information about community news and happenings.						read on...







view all spotlights




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 














latest news


stay informed
 






  
 










stillwater electric utility received reliability award, again 

the stillwater electric utility (seu), the city’s electric department, earned the municipal electric systems of oklahoma, inc. (meso) first-place award in the annual electric operations and reliability competition, for the second year in a row, and a...				read on...




stillwater regional airport flights 

the city of stillwater and stillwater regional airport staff extend heartfelt condolences to the families and friends of everyone involved in yesterday evening’s tragic aircraft accident.				read on...




stillwater police chief retirement & transition 

stillwater police chief shannon jordan will officially retire on friday, january 31, after 32 years of service. the city of stillwater appreciates his years of service and wishes him well in this next chapter.				read on...




grda grant helps fund myers park playground replacement project 

myers park is one step closer to welcoming children back to its playground, thanks to a $17,500 grant from the grand river dam authority (grda).				read on...





view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 



  
 














upcoming events


get connected
 






  
 









february 2025




s


m


t


w


t


f


s




26
27
28
29
30
31
01

02
03
04
05
06
07
08

09
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
01












mon, feb. 17  

presidents day

presidents dayread on...


wed, feb. 19  

western payne county ambulance trust authority meeting

western payne county ambulance trust authority meetingread on...






thu, feb. 20  

rural water advisory board meeting

rural water advisory board meetingread on...


thu, feb. 20  

stillwater regional airport advisory board meeting

stillwater regional airport advisory board meetingread on...





view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







723 s. lewis streetstillwater, ok 74074phone: (405) 372-0025mon - thu: 7:30 am - 5:30 pmfriday: 7:30 am - 11:30 am
 






  
 



  
 







follow us







facebook








x








instagram








youtube








linkedin










 
 



  
 







site links







home



site map



contact us



accessibility



copyright notices



notice to web user



privacy policy



employees









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 

 












government websites by civicplus®



 
 
 
















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close





















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









