






home page - knoxville tva employees credit union



  

























































  

skip to main content 









close the search field
submit a site search








locations


rates


make a payment


community


contact us






knoxville tva employees credit union home
knoxville tva employees credit union home



login


join us


careers



open the search field




















 banking notice













manage
spend
save
borrow










account management

online banking
mobile banking
telephone banking


business services

business accounts
business credit cards
business debit cards
business loans
business savings










accounts & cards

checking accounts
control my card by ktvaecu®
credit cards
debit cards
uchoose rewards®
youth debit card










savings

certificate accounts
college
investment and retirement services
iras
savings accounts
youth savings
wealth management










loans

auto loans
debt consolidation
home loans
home equity loans
home refinance
personal loans
recreational & boat loans
student loans














javascript is not active in your browser. go to the sitemap to navigate this site.










































get your tax return up to two days earlier with direct deposit.
learn more
get your tax return up to two days earlier with direct deposit.
learn more 










home page















something new is coming! get ready for big upgrades!
our online banking, mobile app, website, and core systems are getting major improvements on june 3! all operations, including branch lobbies, drive-thrus, the call center, and digital banking (online & mobile banking), will close at the end of the business day on friday, may 30. we'll reopen on june 3 ready to show off our new upgrades. 
things you can do before the big date:

mark your calendars for the above key dates.
call us or log in to digital banking to verify your personal information, like your primary phone number and your email address. you will need this information to re-register for the new online banking and mobile app on june 3!

thank you for your understanding as we work to bring you upgraded services!




























high-yield checking
earn up to
3.50%
apy1
get started





visa® platinum
as low as
9.99%
apr2
get credit card





mortgages
30 year fixed-rate as low as
6.500%
interest rate3 a fixed-rate mortgage loan of $200,000.00 for 30 years at 6.500% interest and 6.730% apr will have a monthly payment of $1,264.14. taxes and insurance not included; therefore, the actual payment obligation will be greater.
lock in rate





new vehicle
as low as
6.49%
apr4 payment example: 84 monthly payments of $148.44 per $10,000.00 borrowed.
learn more






























join us5
our purpose is to help generations of members on their financial journeys. your financial journey is always changing. that's why we are here to support you with services to fit each stage of your life.

locally-based
community-oriented
excellent member service

how to join








ways to manage your money
whenever you need us, we'll be there. we offer multiple ways to manage your finances, access your accounts, and keep track of expenses - even while on the go! click one of these convenient options to learn more.






mobile
manage your money whenever and wherever you are!






online
online banking is one of the easiest, most secure ways to manage your accounts.






branch
come visit us at any of our branch locations!






telephone
telephone banking provides up-to-date information on your account. 











tools and resources




rates





calculators





forms





uchoose rewards®





fraud info













“i love my tva credit union and wouldn't want to bank anywhere else. i have been a member for many years and hope to be many more. the employees are not only workers but my friends as well. try them sometime so you can see what you've been missing. i don't think you will be sorry.”
pat b. member since 2016


"ktvaecu has provided an excellent experience with all of my financial needs. in the few times i have encountered an issue (usually my fault), a quick visit to the branch or chat online has resolved my issues and exceeded my expectations."
jacob l. member since 2002


"i have been banking with ktvaecu for over ten years now. i have never had an issue with them or any of my accounts. they've always been very professional. if i need anything, they're quick and responsive to my needs. thanks, tva credit union! you're awesome!"
terry b. member since 2015


“ktva's service is second to none; they always care for their members. i can always get through to a representative who can help with a question or issue. glad we switched!”
jacob m. member since 2020














sign up for email and text messages!be the first to know about our special offers and promotions. keeping your personal information secure is important to us. click to view our privacy statement and sms terms & conditions.please ensure the information submitted is complete and accurate. only forms completed and submitted will be eligible for a response. some restrictions may apply. message and data rates may apply from your wireless carrier. ask for details.














email address








mobile phone








first name








last name








account number








opt-in



 i would like to opt-in to email.
 i would like to opt-in to text messages.
 





                security
                please enter the code shown in the image 



                  


























1apy = annual percentage yield. apy effective as of 02-15-25. some restrictions may apply. fees may reduce earnings. ask for details. high-yield checking is a tiered-rate account. monthly qualification cycle begins on the first day and ends on the last day of the calendar month. terms and conditions may apply. rate subject to change.

premium rate of 3.50% apy is earned on balances between $500.00 and $10,000.00 when the following monthly qualifications are posted and settled within the monthly qualification cycle:
•	make 15 debit card transactions
•	log in to online/mobile banking at least once
•	receive estatements
•	have direct deposit.

non-premium rate of 0.00% apy is earned on balances of $499.99 or less. on balances over $10,000.00, 0.15% apy is earned or when premium qualifications are not met. when the account is closed, 0.15% apy applies for the month the account is closed.2apr = annual percentage rate. rate subject to change without notice and based on creditworthiness. available to qualifying members. some restrictions may apply. ask for details. see credit card disclosure. terms and conditions3apr = annual percentage rate. restrictions apply. not a government-affiliated agency. all applications subject to underwriting guidelines and approval. rates based on creditworthiness. ask for details. please note the interest rate and fees shown are available to borrowers with excellent credit history with loan-to-values up to 80% of the appraised value or sales price of the property, whichever is the least amount. if the loan-to-value is higher than 80%, please contact us for a rate quote. the actual interest rate and fees available to you may be different than the rates displayed. all interest rates and aprs shown are subject to change without notice. a fixed-rate mortgage loan of $200,000.00 for 30 years at 6.500% interest and 6.730% apr will have a monthly payment of $1,264.14. taxes and insurance not included; therefore, the actual payment obligation will be greater.4*apr = annual percentage rate. available to qualifying members. some restrictions may apply. rate subject to change without notice and based on creditworthiness. minimum loan amount for new auto loans with terms 85 to 96 months: $40,000.00. rates increase by 1.00% for autos over 100,000 miles. payment per $10,000.00 is for example purposes only. ask for details.5to join the credit union, you must meet membership requirements. fees may apply. some restrictions may apply. ask for details.


























knoxville tva employees credit union™
routing number #264279567

 nmls 167911





equal employment opportunity


fee schedule


pay transparency


privacy notice


site map


sms terms & conditions




2025 knoxville tva employees credit union™. all rights reserved.
if you are using a screen reader or other assistive device or technology and are having problems using this website, please call (865) 544-5400.

















resources


about us


blog


calculators


financial education


financial education workshops


forms / brochures


greenpath financial counseling


member discounts


simply smart


video tutorials


uchoose rewards



facebook
instagram
youtube
tiktok










support


careers


contact us


faq


holiday closures


information security tips


other services


report an accessibility problem


send a suggestion


   

















   
 
 







annual meeting 2025

close this alert message.
expand or collapse this alert message. 



save the date!april 8, 2025learn more here.


dismiss





special holiday hours

close this alert message.
expand or collapse this alert message. 



all credit union locations will be closed monday, february 17, in observance of presidents' day.


dismiss








