napa valley hotels: find napa valley hotel information and read reviews by hotelguide
homeaboutcontactnapa valley hotels - homepageespañolmobile versionadd your hotel area hotel rates group hotel rates metroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > napa valley homepagenapa valley hotelshotel posts“modern hotel in napa valley california”“modern pet friendly hotel in wine country napa valley with outdoor hot tub, 24 hour fitne…”posted by: cambria hotel napa valley“luxury hotel & resort in napa valley”“vista collina resort features premier lodging in napa valley, ca. some suites feature ful…”posted by: vista collina resort“clean, affordable & cozy”“best of santa rosa, sonoma county wine country's discount motels / hotels / inns for budg…”posted by: hillside inn motelhotels may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“great hotel”non-member, reader - “i love to fish and this place delivered. i stayed a few day…”said about: skylark shores resort“don't ever stay at this dump!!!!”rhonda, reno - “i grew up in napa and traveled back for my nephew's wedding…”said about: napa valley redwood inn“nice hotel”private member, carlsbad - “very nice hotel with the best views of the lake.  cle…”said about: skylark shores resortreaders are welcome to share opinions.by location » by name » (try keywords "hotel with a pool" or a zip code)
welcome to hotelguide.networks' directory of hotels and hotel reviews for napa valley, california!

napa valley, on the northeastern tip of san pablo bay, is by far the best known as well as the largest of this fertile northern california region's many valleys. about 30 miles long and anywhere from a mile to five miles wide, napa has more than 45,000 acres planted in grapes. wineries thrive, as do gourmet restaurants, and spas. besides napa, communities include calistoga, st. helena, rutherford, oakville, and yountville, retaining the rural charm and residential character of its colorful history with boutiques, antique and art galleries, and world-class wine tasting. sunrise hot air balloon rides, golf, a historical walking tour, tennis or bicycle riding are a sampling of yountville delights. many napa valley wineries provide picnic facilities, making it tempting to buy a bottle of wine to go with the bread, cheese, artichokes from nearby castroville, and whatever else appeals. napa valley accommodations range from bed and breakfasts, inns, and lodges, to motels, hotels, and spa resorts. 

we have organized our listings of napa valley's local hotel accommodations into several geographic 
areas and alphabetically.  you can begin browsing for hotels in the greater napa valley area by 
selecting one of the links shown below.



browse hotels by location:
·napa county
hotels located in napa county including the areas in and around calistoga, napa, rutherford, st. helena, yountville and other communities.  

·solano county
hotels east of napa county, in solano county including the areas in and around fairfield, vacaville and other communities. 

·mendocino county
hotel options north of sonoma county, in mendocino county including the areas in and around albion, gualala, hopland, leggett, little river, mendocino,  point arena, ukiah, westport, willits and other communities.

·lake county
hotel options east of mendocino county, in lake county including the areas in and around clearlake, clearlake oaks, kelseyville, lakeport, middletown, nice, upper lake and other communities. 

·san francisco metro
hotels south of napa valley, in the greater san francisco metropolitan area, along the west side of san francisco bay. 
·sonoma county
hotel options north of napa county, in sonoma county including the areas in and around bodega bay, boyes hot springs, cazadero, cloverdale, forestville, geyserville, glen ellen, guerneville, healdsburg, jenner, kenwood, monte rio, occidental, petaluma, rohnert park, russian river valley, santa rosa, sebastopol, sea ranch, sonoma and other communities. 



browse hotels by name:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
you can return to the hotelguide napa valley home page at any time by pressing on the "hotelguide" button in the left margin of the page.
area facts: the city of napa was founded in 1848 by nathan coombs. the local area code for napa valley is 707.
« top of pageadjacent links:oakland hotelssacramento hotelssan francisco hotelsrelated links:anaheim hotelsbakersfield hotelsfresno hotelsinland empire hotelslake tahoe hotelslos angeles hotelsmonterey hotelsorange county hotelspalm springs hotelssacramento valley hotelssan diego hotelssanta barbara hotelssilicon valley hotelsstockton hotelsother links:smart highway daynational metaverse dayportland hotelsreno hotelsother versions:napa valley guía de hotelesmetroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > napa valley homepage« top of page | sitemap 
© 1996-2025, metroguide.com all rights reserved.privacy policy | terms and conditionsto list your hotel with the napa valley hotelguide service: click here.to contact hotelguide: click here.hotelguide and hotelguide napa valley are service marks of metroguide.com, inc. hotelguide network is a registered service mark of metroguide.com, inc. all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. metroguide.com, inc. does not own or operate hotel properties. metroguideeventguidediningguidehotelguideattractionguidemore locations...
napa valley hotels:our readers'3 smile favoritescedar gables inn b&bchateau hotelmillikin creek innthe napa inncreekside inn & resortauberge du soleilharvest innvineyard innflamingo conference resort and spafountaingrove inn hotel & conference centerfoothill housediscovery innsonoma creek innfairview motel americas best value innel pueblo innhotels by featurenon-smoking hotelwifipet-friendlymeeting facilitygay-friendlyswimming poolfitness centerin-room safelarge hotelsmall hotel





