





acacia theatre company 








































2024-2025 season
tickets & showtimes
about acacia
support us





a sleep of prisoners
by christopher fry
march 7th - 23rd, 2025
more info support acacia










acacia’s 2024-2025 season: making peace
“blessed are the peacemakers, for they will be called children of god.” matthew 5:9
a sleep of prisoners — march 7th – march 23rd, 2025
georgiana & kitty: christmas at pemberley — june 13th – 29th, 2025



 







‘miss bennet’ revisits jane austen
by harry cherkinian – reviewer for shepherd express acacia theatre company has taken the old chinese proverb, “all good things come in twos,” and literally brought it onstage—again. for a second consecutive holiday season, the company presents miss bennet: christmas at pemberley, the imaginative sequel to jane austen’s beloved classic, pride and prejudice. and using […]
december 11, 2024


acacia theatre’s “acts of peace” reviewed by harry cherkinian of the shepherd express
in the three-part acts of peace:  a journey through one-acts currently playing at acacia theatre, we see the universal themes that dwell in all of us: the search for identity, life’s meaning and finding our place in the world. the characters range from a young boy to jesus christ. and this journey is more about the travels along the […]
october 18, 2024









about acacia
acacia theatre company is an independent, non-profit, interdenominational christian theatre company.  it was founded in 1980 by several theatre artists who shared the common desire to integrate art and faith by presenting theatre that would express the experiences and positive values important to members of the christian faith.
through uplifting, quality entertainment, acacia provides occasion for thanksgiving, growth and enjoyment, and the opportunity for christians and non- christians to consider their lives in relation to god.

at acacia…
we endeavor to stand with the oppressed. we often fall short, but our faith compels us to continually strive to act more justly and love more fully. in that love, and in particular for our siblings of color, we stand. black lives matter to god! yes, black lives matter.
“blessed are the peacemakers, for they will be called children of god.” – matthew 5:9




performance location
all performances are held at:
the norvell commons at st. christopher's church
7845 north river road
milwaukee, wi 53217

tickets & information

(414) 744-5995  office@acaciatheatre.com
acacia on facebook
@acaciatheatreco
@acaciatheatrecompany
acacia on youtube










"when the poor and needy seek water and there is none, i the lord will hear them; i will open rivers in high places; i will plant in the wilderness...the acacia...that they may see and know, and consider and understand that the hand of the lord has done this."
isaiah 41:17-20









touring
auditions
volunteer
prayer requests
newsletter
contact us
scripts
production history
pay-what-you-can
 © 2025 acacia theatre company







