






home page











































made with xara




welcome to lusitania online
the home port of rms lusitania on the web since 2000
no1 for information on the rms lusitania and her last master captain 
w.t.turner



there is not a briton anywhere who ought not to feel proud that this launch 
has placed great britain firmly at the forefront of marine architecture."
sir charles mclaren, chairman of john brown & co. at the launching of the lusitania.  


the lusitania story was updated and re-published in 2015, to commemorate the centenary 
of the sinking.  click here for details.
as many of you may already know, we sadly said a final "goodbye" to gregg bemis in 2020. 
gregg wrote the forewords to both versions of the lusitania story and was a staunch 
supporter of our work, both the books and this ongoing website. gregg used to say: "if you 
want to read the usual soap opera stories about the lusitania, there are plenty of books out 
there. if you want to know the truth about what actually happened, read the lusitania story."  
high praise indeed and to his dying day, ours was the only book on the 
subject gregg would ever endorse. 
gregg was a visionary and his vision had two aims. the first was to absolutely get to the truth
 of the lusitania disaster. the second was always to create a permanent lusitania museum, 
as a memorial to the ship and her people and to preserve and honour their unique place in 
history. accordingly, in 2019, he bequeathed his ownership of the wreck and artefacts he had
 collected for his planned museum, to the lusitania museum and signal tower project 
located on the old head of kinsale, southern ireland. the project has taken up gregg's torch
 to carry forward and we are extremely proud to offer our own support to the project, in 
honour of our late friend and supporter of twenty years standing; gregg bemis.
this worthy and ambitious project still needs help though. a lot has already been done and 
gregg's vision is taking shape, out on the headland overlooking the site of the 1915 tragedy. 
please, follow this link to the project's website. www.oldheadofkinsale.com  for all the details 
of this truly remarkable project and how you too, can help. 


now available ! 
for the first time ever; the 27-page supplementary cargo manifest for the lusitania’s last voyage !#        
here
where did the torpedo hit the lusitania?
visit the hunters page for important new information on this, plus a popular myth concerning one of u20's crewmen, 
which has now been conclusively laid to rest. 
wreck of uss indianapolis found 
history of the uss indianapolis and captain mcvay
rnli lifeboat station at courtmacsherry's lusitania page
lusitania online are proud of our association with two of the rnli's lifeboat stations. 2024 marks the 200th anniversary of this 
truly remarkable institution and it is a fitting moment to reflect upon the vital round the clock service the rnli provides, saving 
countless lives at sea in all weathers. it must be remembered that the rnli receives no government funding. they are a charity and 
as such, they rely entirely on the generosity of the public. lifeboat crews do not get paid. they do what they do, time and again, 
very often risking their own lives, purely to help others in distress. the lifeboat service, all too often taken for granted, can only keep 
going if we, all of us, support it. the rnli is truly our service. help keep them afloat. you never know; one day, it may be you or yours 
who, in a desperate and life-threatening situation, will be only too relieved to see the bright blue and orange lifeboat crewed by 
bravely determined volunteers, speeding to the rescue!
visit the rnli website today. be an important part of the "one crew" that together, is 
the rnli. https://rnli.org/
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
we are pleased to announce our association with another historic ship society:
the medway queen preservation society. 
based at gillingham pier in medway, kent, the mqps is a registered charity dedicated to saving this former 
thames estuary pleasure steamer. she became known as "the heroine of dunkirk" after she rescued 7,000 troops 
during operation dynamo, the dunkirk evacuation of may/june 1940. 
the full details of her remarkable story can be found in the pages of richard halton's books and on the mqps website
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
lusitania online serves as a vast informational source as well as an image library for those who are interested in the rms lusitania 
for research, educational purposes and from a historical aspect of world war i. lusitania online is an online, 
non-profit resource dedicated to exhibiting information, memorabilia and documentation of historical value for public 
viewing and research benefit. 
by promoting and displaying such artefacts, they are prevented from staying solely in private collections where their history 
will be forgotten and be lost to the world. 
all information on this web site comes from the painstaking research we have done for our books.
we are extremely grateful to the following institutions: 
in the uk; sydney jones library at liverpool university (cunard archives), hill, dickinson & co. archive dept. (cunard's lawyers), 
kent county library services, national maritime museum, imperial war museum, merseyside maritime museum, uk national 
archives, royal artillery historical trust, royal artillery museum. 
in the us; new york public library, the museum of the city of new york, new york times archives, library of congress, nara, 
franklin delano roosevelt presidential archive. 
in germany; bundesmilitararchiv, cuxhaven u-boat archive, marinenachrichtenblatt. 
in denmark; strandings museum, thorsminde. 
in the republic of ireland; kinsale museum. dara gannon, rnli courtmacsherry.
on a more personal level, we are also deeply indebted to the following persons for their input and support: gregg bemis, owner 
of the lusitania wreck. geoff whitfield and peter engberg-klarstrom, of both the british and scandinavian titanic societies 
respectively. helmut doeringhof. stan walter. dr john bullen. colonel j m phillips, ba msocsc. chief engineer david garstin, 
rn (retd). peter boyd-smith. george cogswell.kevin roach. the late sally wells and her family. richard heier. ralf bartzke. 
bernd langensiepen. tom from uboataces.com. stephen rodgers of ge power systems, clydebank, (formerly john brown's, 
lusitania's builders). leigh bishop. john gray. eoin mcgarry
there is nothing contained on this web site that has not been verified by sight of documentary evidence.








comments and suggestions to    lusitaniadotnet@gmail.com








-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------




























churchill

turner

charlie porter












chronology

memorabilia

inside the lusitania

myths

































medals

board of trade

last resting place

the kinsale inquest












deadly cargo

what the papers said

shipping munitions












books&dvd

links

news

about us

























made with xara




no1 for information on the rms lusitania and her last master captain 
w.t.turner
there is not a briton anywhere who ought not to feel
 proud that this launch has placed great britain firmly 
at the forefront of marine architecture."
sir charles mclaren, chairman of john brown & co. at the 
launching of the lusitania. 


comments and suggestions to    lusitaniadotnet@gmail.com 


welcome to lusitania online
the home port of rms lusitania on the web since 2000


now available ! 
for the first time ever; the 27-page supplementary 
cargo manifest for the lusitania’s last voyage !#  
where did the torpedo hit the lusitania?
visit the hunters page for important new information on this, 
plus a popular myth concerning one of u20's crewmen, which has 
now been conclusively laid to rest. 
wreck of uss indianapolis found 
history of the uss indianapolis and captain mcvay
rnli lifeboat station at courtmacsherry's lusitania page
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
news
rnli tour de dyfed & west glamorgan
from 7th to 10th september, 20 intrepid cyclists will take on the 
tour de dyfed & west glamorgan raising money for the rnli and 
in honour of audrey lawson johnston, the youngest survivor of the 
lusitania disaster.
if you’re interested please visit this link at their “just giving” page
https://www.justgiving.com/campaign/rnli-tour-de-dyfed-2023
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
we are pleased to announce our association with another historic 
ship society:    the medway queen preservation society. 
based at gillingham pier in medway, kent, the mqps is a 
registered charity dedicated to saving this former thames estuary 
pleasure steamer. she became known as "the heroine of dunkirk" 
after she rescued 7,000 troops during operation dynamo, the 
dunkirk evacuation of may/june 1940. the full details of her 
remarkable story can be found in the pages of richard halton's 
books and on the mqps website
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
lusitania online serves as a vast informational source as well as 
an image library for those who are interested in the rms lusitania 
for research, educational purposes and from a historical aspect of 
world war i. lusitania online is an online, non-profit resource 
dedicated to exhibiting information, memorabilia and documentation 
of historical value for public viewing and research benefit. by 
promoting and displaying such artefacts, they are prevented from 
staying solely in private collections where their history will be 
forgotten and be lost to the world. 
all information on this web site comes from the painstaking 
research we have done for our books.we are extremely grateful to 
the following institutions: 
in the uk; sydney jones library at liverpool university (cunard 
archives), hill, dickinson & co. archive dept. (cunard's lawyers), 
kent county library services, national maritime museum, imperial 
war museum, merseyside maritime museum, uk national 
archives, royal artillery historical trust, royal artillery museum. 
in the us; new york public library, the museum of the city of new 
york, new york times archives, library of congress, nara, 
franklin delano roosevelt presidential archive. 
in germany; bundesmilitararchiv, cuxhaven u-boat archive, 
marinenachrichtenblatt. 
in denmark; strandings museum, thorsminde.
in the republic of ireland; kinsale museum. dara gannon, rnli 
courtmacsherry.
on a more personal level, we are also deeply indebted to the 
following persons for their input and support: gregg bemis, owner 
of the lusitania wreck. geoff whitfield and peter engberg-
klarstrom, of both the british and scandinavian titanic societies 
respectively. helmut doeringhof. stan walter. dr john bullen. 
colonel j m phillips, ba msocsc. chief engineer david garstin, 
rn (retd). peter boyd-smith. george cogswell.kevin roach. 
the late sally wells and her family. richard heier. ralf bartzke. 
bernd langensiepen. tom from uboataces.com. stephen rodgers 
of ge power systems, clydebank, (formerly john brown's, 
lusitania's builders). leigh bishop. john gray. eoin mcgarry
there is nothing contained on this web site that has not been 
verified by sight of documentary evidence.


the lusitania story was updated and re-published in 2015, 
to commemorate the centenary of the sinking.
click here for details.
as many of you may already know, we sadly said a final "goodbye" 
to gregg bemis in 2021. gregg wrote the forewords to both 
versions of the lusitania story and was a staunch supporter of our 
work, both the books and this ongoing website. gregg used to say: 
"if you want to read the usual soap opera stories about the 
lusitania, there are plenty of books out there. if you want to know 
the truth about what actually happened, read the lusitania story."  
high praise indeed and to his dying day, ours was the only book on 
the subject gregg would ever endorse. 
gregg was a visionary and his vision had two aims. the first was to 
absolutely get to the truth of the lusitania disaster. the second was 
always to create a permanent lusitania museum, as a memorial to 
the ship and her people and to preserve and honour their unique 
place in history. accordingly, in 2019, he bequeathed his ownership 
of the wreck and artefacts he had collected for his planned 
museum, to the lusitania museum and signal tower project 
located on the old head of kinsale, southern ireland. the project 
has taken up gregg's torch to carry forward and we are extremely 
proud to offer our own support to the project, in honour of our late 
friend and supporter of twenty years standing; gregg bemis.
this worthy and ambitious project still needs help though. a lot has 
already been done and gregg's vision is taking shape, out on the 
headland overlooking the site of the 1915 tragedy. please, follow 
this link to the project's website. www.oldheadofkinsale.com  for all 
the details of this truly remarkable project and how you too, can 
help. 


new addition to “books“ and  “board of trade” and “porter” pages 26th aug 23





























home

people

churchill

turner

charlie porter



ship

chronology

memorablia

tour

myths



cunard

disaster

hunters

aftermath

medals

board of trade

last resting place



munitions

deadly cargo

new item



what the papers said

shipping munitions



media

books&dvd

links

news

about us



passengers












