


the reformed presbyterian church of north america | for christ's crown and covenant!










































language:  








home
who we are
congregations

agencies


institutions

geneva college
kobe theological hall
reformed presbyterian home
reformed presbyterian theological seminary
rp trustees and rpm&m



ministries

crown & covenant publications
graduate study committee
rp global alliance
the board of pension trustees
the interchurch committee
theological students under care
youth ministries committee



missions

rp global missions
rp home missions



camps & conferences

covfamikoi family conference
iowa rp family camp
laurelville family camp
midwest presbytery family camp
pacific coast summer conference
white lake covenanter camp




events
contact























the reformed presbyterian church of north america








find a congregation.




search















the aim of everything we are and do is "to glorify god and enjoy him fully." the reformed presbyterian church of north america's beliefs stem from a full commitment to the authority of the bible as the inerrant, infallible word of god.  
what we believe


reformed presbyterian missions



global missions



home missions





reformed presbyterian institutions



rp theological seminary



geneva college



reformed presbyterian home




reformed presbyterian ministries



crown & covenant publications



youth ministries committee





interchurch committee



rp global alliance



more agencies



crown & covenant featured author
nathan eshelman - worthy: the worship of god


christians understand we are called to gather together to worship him together, publicly. why? because our god is worthy, the scriptures say. we are compelled to worship because of his worthiness. he is to be “feared, loved, praised, called upon, trusted in and served with our whole selves.”

and what guides that worship? how do we express our longing and our love for god when we are gathered? eshelman shows that god gives us clear guidance. our worthy god shows how he wants to be worshiped and warns against coming to our own conclusions. god’s plan for worship gives us unity as his people that will be ultimately fulfilled in our eternal life with him.
read more









rp witness magazine




favorite covenanters: richard cameron
the lion of the covenant





short-term help, long-term blessings
rp short-term teams are blessing churches around the world





outreach and your spiritual health
excerpt from the new book, a spiritual checkup

read more








rpcna on facebook


reformed presbyterian church of north america


upcoming events



march 21, 2025
rpts support dinner 2025




june 17, 2025
193rd rpcna synod




july 7, 2025
covfamikoi 2025



all events  




















reformed presbyterian church of north america
our part of the organized body of christ is known as the reformed presbyterian church of north america. the aim of everything we are and do is "to glorify god and enjoy him fully." we are eager for his return, but do not wait until then to recognize jesus christ as king and lord of all. 
                                    our beliefs all stem from a full commitment to the authority of the bible as the inerrant, infallible word of god.
learn more about us  find a congregation


reformed voice
thousands of reformed presbyterian sermons and messages from around the world, all in one place and searchable.
listen now




rpcna websites


crown & covenant publications


rp witness magazine


psalter.org - online digital psalter with tunes


reformedvoice.org - rpcna sermons on sermonaudio.com


psalm singing resources


blue banner


psalm slides






contact us


                                        reformed presbyterian church
                                        7408 penn ave.
                                        pittsburgh, pa 15208
                                    

                                        1 - 412 - 731 - 1177
                                    

                                        synod clerk: .(javascript must be enabled to view this email address)


@rpcna





















                    © 2025 reformed presbyterian church of north america
                















