








battelle for kids | future-ready learning | portrait of a graduate




























 







contact us
portrait of a graduate gallery
login








































 

how we help

future-ready essentials
grant services
the well-being lab by battelle for kids


portrait of a graduate

portrait to practice®
portrait of a graduate gallery
future of the portrait of a graduate report


networks

edleader21® network
complex systems cohort
soar ohio


events

annual event


insights

navigator blog
p21® resources
speaking engagements
students as meaning makers white paper
videos


who we are

contact us
vision & purpose
leadership
the bfk team
































 













 






						the future is ready 


								how we help							


welcome to a new era in education, where the future isn’t just a distant dream, but a tangible reality we are preparing students for today. at battelle for kids®, we believe in a world where every student is ready for the challenges and opportunities of tomorrow.
that’s why we are leading a movement that empowers educators so that every student has hope, resilience, and the knowledge and skills to be future-ready.
our vision is simple: every student future-ready.


















							what's new?						












									the well-being lab								


learn more about the well-being lab by battelle for kids, an innovation hub dedicated to developing resources, workshops, and practices to support the comprehensive well-being of students and staff. 












									students as meaning makers								


struggling with student engagement and motivation in your schools? our new white paper, students as meaning makers: why academic solutions aren’t enough, provides a bold vision for addressing these systemic challenges.












									future-ready essentials								


battelle for kids offers a customizable menu of supporting services that underpin and enhance each objective of your learning organization’s future-ready journey.







									view more
								









 








							portrait of a graduate						

from portrait to practice to impact
for more than a decade, battelle for kids, along with our edleader21® network, has been at the forefront of developing portraits of a graduate—shared community visions that expand the view of student success in enrollment, enlistment, entrepreneurship, and employment.
today, battelle for kids brings the portrait to life through our portrait to practice® work, which purposefully integrates essential academic content with durable skills for future success. moving forward, our portrait to impact™ framework will use both data and storytelling to showcase evidence of student growth, assess their knowledge and skills, and demonstrate real-world application.
learn more























 














							success stories						

we’re passionate about collaborating with educators and communities and sharing their success stories on the journey to ensure that every student is ready for the challenges and opportunities of tomorrow. read stories about how battelle for kids has supported learning organizations from across the country in our navigator blog.












											circleville city schools										

											showcasing portrait competencies and evidence of student learning										

















											louisa county public schools										

											igniting innovation and fueling the 5 c's movement										















											worthington schools										

											portrait of a learner: a prek-12 progression										











 
















							edleader21® network						

							accelerating future-ready learning						

edleader21 is proud to be the nation’s only professional learning network dedicated to portrait of a graduate and deeper learning. it is a vibrant community for educators exploring the idea of creating a shared community vision, preparing for launch, or striving to maintain progress. 
this is more than just a network to join. it’s a movement towards reimagining the future of education, ensuring students not only succeed academically but thrive with the durable skills necessary to be future-ready.
learn more





 












				edleader21® annual event			

oct. 21-23, 2024 | indianapolis
the edleader21 annual event is an engaging and inspiring experience exclusively for network member districts to accelerate future-ready, deeper learning for every student. 
learn more


 







						get started					

the future is ready. we start where you choose to begin.
every learning organization is at a different stage in its journey. we meet you where you are to support and empower you along the way. connect with our team to set up a conversation and learn more about how we can help.
contact battelle for kids




 













							contact us						








p.o. box 2798
columbus, oh 43216










								info@bfk.org							










								614.481.3141							






							quick links						


how we help
portrait of a graduate
networks
annual event
 




							get started						




									contact our team								



									about battelle for kids								























 






							follow us						





 

										linkedin									





 

										twitter									





 

										youtube									














© 2025, battelle for kids. all rights reserved. | privacy policy










top


