









iahe - the indiana association of home educators official website







































































































 




























317-467-6244
office@iahe.net



facebook




x


 





facebook




x



login

0 items
 












login
resources

getting started

quick start guide
attendance ebook
indiana homeschool course
get connected
local region reps
indiana field trips
curriculum & resources


additional resources

special needs homeschooling
podcast
sports teams
iahe magazine
iahe blog
transcript service
hslda compassion


iahe shop

shop now!
membership
event registration
ebooks
homeschool gear
jim hodges audio books
workshop recordings




iahe events

iahe events
2025 conference

general information
registration information
hotel discounts
free information night
family-friendly activities
exhibit hall
speakers


2025 capitol day


support iahe

ways to support iahe
donate to the iahe
volunteer opportunities
why you should attend the iahe convention


about us

about the iahe
meet the board
join the iahe today!
government affairs
contact us


join now!
 





select page


  
 



 



 











learn more


l



















































how do i homeschool in indiana?



find out




t

how do i withdraw my child from school?



learn more






free how-to-homeschool webinar!



sign up







the indiana association of home educators [iahe] is a not-for-profit organization, founded in 1983, which supports and encourages families interested in home education.
we define home education as parent-directed, home-based, privately-funded education.
our primary functions are maintaining visibility as home educators with civil government leaders, influencing the legislative process to protect our freedom to home educate, publishing information of interest for home educators, and sponsoring seminars and events to encourage families.









are you looking for encouragement and help as a new homeschool parent?
our beginner bundle is the perfect way to start your homeschool journey!

homeschool indiana special edition: getting started
beginning homeschooling mp3 bundle
meeting indiana attendance guidelines for homeschool students ebook
all free ($50 value)
























recent blog posts











celebrating presidents’ day at home

by sophie royer, iahe intern | feb 10, 2025on february 22, 1778, a group of men stood outside general george washington’s quarters at valley forge, playing a lively tune with drums and fifes. they were celebrating his birthday. today, we honor him and other past presidents by celebrating presidents’ day.  the...














5 must-read books for homeschool parents (that aren’t about homeschooling)

by christy-faith | feb 4, 2025sometimes, when i sit down at the end of a chaotic homeschool day, i find myself craving wisdom—not about the mechanics of teaching math or phonics, but about life. about how to lead with love in the mess of it all or how to find purpose amid the piles of laundry and...














college after homeschool: making the transition academically, socially, emotionally, and spiritually

by guest post | jan 27, 2025any student who has gone to college will tell you that it’s a busy time. applications for schools and scholarships need to be filled out, the sat/act needs to be taken, and transcripts need to be obtained. students who go to public or private high schools have the...






















i have no greater joy than to hear that my children are walking in the truth. 3 john 4











thank you for your support of the iahe home educators’ convention!






i was so, so blessed by such an encouraging, well-organized convention, which i know was a labor of love that involved much hard work and sacrifice from all of the iahe board members and the many other volunteers. thank you all so very, very much!
sara b
support group leader





i’m so very thankful to every person who played a part in pulling together a fabulous convention. i have been homeschooling for 13 years and have attended so many conventions. i almost didn’t come this year, but i felt compelled to show my support for the iahe. i was almost feeling like i’ve outgrown the need for convention. boy, was i wrong. the sessions i attended were so relevant and timely, offering the exact encouragement i needed to hear.
angelica g.






thank you for all of your hard work to put on a fantastic conference! the past few weeks of schooling have been challenging and discouraging to the point that i was thinking maybe i shouldn’t continue with this homeschool journey. i left the conference feeling refreshed, encouraged, strengthened, and energized to keep running the race. thank you!!!
melanie





 








iahe quick linksdonate to the iahe
advertising
speaker inquiries
exhibitor information
website privacy policy
child protection
about our website
media and press
refund and exchange policynational resourcesnational home education research institute
homeschooling backgrounder
join hslda
like us on facebook iahe - indiana association of home educators
 










facebook




x


designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 









 


 



 




x

 




















































































































