

home | school district of the city of york













































































skip to contentabout our district2024-2025 district calendarparent resourcesstaff resourcessearch siteschool district of the city of yorkabout our district2024-2025 district calendarparent resourcesstaff resourcessearch sitemenuschoolstranslatemenuschoolstranslateskip gallerywelcome to our district!we can't hide that bearcat pride!end of galleryboard of education2024-2025 budget presentationparent portaljoin our bearcat family cafeteria menusstudent registrationathleticsour communityabout our superintendentdr. andrea j. berry-brown, ed.d.superintendent of schoolsberryand@ycs.k12.pa.usdr. andrea j. berry-brown began her tenure as assistant superintendent for the school district of the city of york on july 6, 2017, and transitioned to the role of superintendent during the 2018-2019 school year. she holds a bachelor of science degree from cheyney university of pennsylvania, a master of science degree from western maryland college, and a doctorate in educational leadership from argosy university.dr. berry-brown brings a wealth of experience to the district, having served in various educational roles on maryland’s eastern shore, including elementary school teacher, assistant principal, principal, and district-level supervisor. her extensive expertise spans equity and diversity in education, with a particular focus on english learner programs.a firm believer in the transformative power of education, dr. berry-brown advocates that academic achievement is directly tied to the expectations set by educators. she emphasizes the importance of metacognitive skills, teaching students to "think about their thinking," which empowers them to overcome challenges and excel. her work is grounded in the conviction that all children can succeed when given the opportunity to thrive in environments that embrace equitable practices for diverse learners.beyond her professional accomplishments, dr. berry-brown is deeply engaged in the community. she is an active member of alpha kappa alpha sorority, inc., and serves on the citizens advisory board. in addition, she has taught numerous college-level courses at various institutions and joined the faculty at wilson college in 2018.dr. berry-brown’s educational philosophy is heavily influenced by the work of wiggins and mctighe (2005), particularly the approach of "beginning with the end in mind." she also champions the concept of a "growth mindset," as articulated by dweck (2008), believing that fostering a culture of continuous learning and leadership development is key to success. as a leader, dr. berry-brown is dedicated to guiding the york community toward providing its students with a premier education and instilling a shared commitment to excellence.now in her sixth school year with the school district of the city of york, dr. berry-brown remains steadfast in her dedication to creating equitable learning environments and supporting the success of every student.about our asst. superintendent see who’s in the spotlightour schoolsbearcat cyber academydavis pre-k-8devers pre-k-8ferguson pre-k-8goode pre-k-8hannah penn pre-k-8jackson pre-k-8mckinley pre-k-8smith steam academy william penn senior high schoolbearcat spotlightcongratulations to two of our york high boys soccer players, yazid barajas-oceguera and jose espinoza on making the all-star team for the 2024 all-star games! 🐾november 2024congratulations to our soccer lady bearcats for receiving the yaiaa sportsmanship award for this fall season! 🐾november 2024 congratulations to our volleyball lady bearcats for receiving the yaiaa sportsmanship award for section 2 this fall season! 🐾november 2024 happy #nationalprincipalsmonth! 🎉 thank you to our bearcat principals for leading with dedication and heart every day. #thankaprincipaloctober 2024 congratulations to two of our william penn seniors, marlon and esmeralda, on recently being selected for the optimist international youth appreciation day! october 2024 congratulations to 11th grade student and softball player, joelie lugo-rodriguez on receiving an honorable mention from the yaiaa all-stars league! keep up the great work joelie!june 2024congratulations to smith steam academy  6th grader, michael fleming on winning state representative carol hill-evans 6th annual essay contest! way to go michael! may 2024 congratulations to graduating senior, michael harris for having perfect attendance from kindergarten through high school!may 2024congratulations to our unified track team for finishing third place in the state competition! third place in states, first place in #bearcat pride! 🐾 may 2024congratulations to our girls 4x100 meter relay track team for breaking the school record at their may 2 track meet against spring grove. the girls ran a winning time of 48.82. way to go bearcats!!! #bearcatpride 🐾may 2024national school social worker spotlight! ms. cristina lentz - davis pre-k-8march 2024 national school social worker spotlight! ms. aja gray - ferguson pre-k-8march 2024national school social worker spotlight! ms. rebecca king - goode pre-k-8march 2024national school social worker spotlight! ms. shayla kearse - mckinley pre-k-8 march 2024 national school social worker spotlight! dr. mactavia hoody - william penn senior high school march 2024national school social worker spotlight! ms. shannon godfrey - office of special education march 2024national school social worker spotlight! ms. cameron romer - office of special educationmarch 2024national school social worker spotlight! ms. victoria valdes - william penn senior high schoolmarch 2024 national school social worker spotlight! dr. paul andriukaitis - office of special educationmarch 2024 national school social worker spotlight! ms. loran miller -  hannah penn pre-k-8march 2024national school social worker spotlight! dr. jessica macintire - devers pre-k-8march 2024 national school social worker spotlight! ms. japriya carroll - bearcat cyber academy & smith steam academy pre-k-8march 2024 national school social worker spotlight! ms. adrienne nelson - jackson pre-k-8march 2024 congratulations to our york high lady bearcats on making it to the piaa state playoffs after 26 years! #bearcatpride 🐾february 2024congratulations to 11th graders, shiloh valencia and yaniel vega casiano on being honored at the york rotary club students of the month ceremony at york country club! #bearcatpride 🐾february 2024find usschool district of the city of york31 n. pershing ave.york, pa 17401phone: (717) 845-3571fax: (717) 849-1402schoolsschool district of the city of yorkbearcat cyber academydavis pre k-8devers pre-k-8ferguson pre-k-8goode pre-k-8hannah penn pre-k-8jackson pre-k-8mckinley pre-k-8smith steam academywilliam penn senior high schoolquick links bearcat cyber academy trail options bearcat cyber academy 2024-2025 application letters how to apply to bearcat cyber academy registration portal stay connectedcopyright © 2025 school district of the city of york. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more

