





puritanism on the web








this page is hosted and
        maintained by:
 



         

         














 
      






[this
          site contains
          ressources on puritanism in both old and new england, and more
          particularly in early seventeenth-century massachusetts. lots of
          primary sources have been made available from these pages, as well as a selection
          of the most  useful links on puritan studies.]
***
tell
          us what you think! your feedback is important!

what's 

here?
aug 02: new and not
          yet sorted:
          -- colonial
          connecticut records:
searchable,
          browsable, and edited by the university of connecticut (i.e. reliable)
          -- 160
          wills
          (essex co.)
          -- essex
          records office (england),
          because the settlers were englishmen (see the seax catalog: very
          useful!)
          -- familysearch:
          the mormons' site - handle with care, it is error-ridden. but still,
          it's a good starting point.
          -- 1895
          maps (including
          massachusetts, and the counties)
          -- edward johnson, wonder
          working providence of sions saviour in new england 1628-1651 (1910
          ed.)
          -- 1610 mirror
          for magistrates
--
          charles e. banks, the
          winthrop fleet of 1630

jul 02: another
          stack of documents we all need (all plain text, zipped, all taken from
          the memory of america e-library, copyright theirs, if any...):
          -- john winthrop's journal, edited by savage, in two
          volumes, with savage's interesting notes. vol.
          1 - vol.
          2
-- robert c.
          winthrop, the life and letters of john winthrop, vol.
          2
          (1630-1649), contains a good number of useful letters written by the
          famous governor.
-- local histories:
          sewall's history
          of woburn
          (1868), lewis' history
          of lynn
          (1865) and clap's history
          of dorchester (1859)
-- cotton mather's magnalia
          christi americana
          (1855 edition, first published 1702)
may 02: new
          documents freshly added (fac simile):
-- new englands jonas cast up at london  (1647),
          about robert child's remonstrance (pdf file, 1.44mo) 
-- the
          planters plea,
          1630, anon. (attributed to john white, of dorchester), 56p, html
          format. see
          title page.
  --  the simple cobler of agawam, by rev. nathaniel ward
          (1647, huge pdf file: 4.9mo!!)  

          -- john winthrop's  arbitrary government described and the
          government of the massachusetts vindicated of that aspersion
 (1644,
          pdf file, 2mo)
-- james savage's genealogical
          dictionary of the first planters of new england,
          in 4 volumes, plain text files, between 1.5mo and 2.0mo)

read this first!




this is a  history site, not a
          
          religious site! i am not religious, i 'only' study new england
          puritanism and provide research material. therefore this site does not
        contain "pro-puritan" propaganda. the aim is scientific and
        consequently i try to be as objective and reliable as possible, so that
        these pages can be helpful for other students of puritanism both in old
        and new england, and mostly in the seventeenth century, but also in the
        sixteenth. i have tried to make available primary documents that can
          help you make your own opinion about this subject. secondary material
          should be mistrusted a priori, till it proves 'sound'.
the risk is of course
          that of 'filiopietistic' interpretation of the past, a sort of
          uncritical celebration of the feats of one's ancestors. this is why i
          give you links towards academic projects, which can be expected to be
          reliable (or else what should??) and to sites i found useful for my
          own research.
i give you access to my
          own research as well, at least what i have been able to put online,
          that is for the time being my ma thesis, which is a good place to
          start! ;-)

 

 
primary sources
on this page i have tried to
        list all the texts i could find on the web written by new englanders in
        the 17th century or related to puritan new england, before or after
        immigration. i have tried to make this page as exhaustive as possible
        and to centralize all the sources available. if you find texts not
        listed on my page, please drop me a note here.

 

calvinist theology and political philosophy
        this page is designed as an e-library of political philosophical
        texts, mostly related to american colonial history, but there are a few
        texts written in the 16th century, at a time when theologians and
        political philosophers were often the same men.
        as for calvinist texts, you will find works of men like john ponet,
        calvin, goodman, john knox, john foxe, beza,
        cotton mather and jonathan edwards

 

theocracy, aristocracy and
        democracy in early new england
this is my ma thesis
        (2000). starting with an analysis of the charters and the covenants as
        influential fouding "tools", i have discussed the parameters
        that could help determine whether or not massachusetts was a theocracy,
        and i have tried to reassess the concepts of democracy, aristocracy and
        oligarchy in a detailed analysis of the evolution of the franchise. i
        have also used legal and judicial documents.
        you can also read a summary
        of this work in french.

 
        

the english reformation 
sources and links, with a special effort on
        translations of the bible into english, and a special section with
        numerous texts by john knox


  



local history: massachusetts
        earliest towns
an in-progress page where you can find a list of
        all the towns founded in massachusetts in the first two decades, with
        links to pages, local historical societies, to online books (or not
        online, for that matter!), contacts, plus the usual stuff: useful sites,
        mailing lists...

 

of
        william bradford; of plymouth plantation:
        a short, in-progress selection of links pointing to online ressources on
        the work and its author, part of a project aiming at the first french edition of bradford's
        narrative.


 

locate books on puritanism (in progress)
buy them easily from amazon, or locate them in some
        libraries in france and great britain (in paris but also in other towns,
        at the british library, at the  cambridge university library...)
        -- bibliographical
        research on line: 
a special page to help you
        locate  books in many european libraries via online catalogues. (the
        page is in french, as it is destined mainly to french students)


 



puritan
        studies research group: join us and discuss topics
        related to puritanism, from a historical point of view. this yahoo! discussion
        group is open to all students
        and academics interested in politics, religion and society from old to
        new england in the 16th and 17th centuries. this will not
        only be a place for theologians, but also for, say, students of justice
        in jacobean essex, the general
        court of early massachusetts, social relations in elizabethan
        lancashire, resistance in zurich and geneva, and grace ... everywhere!

 




        articles 
to
              view the following files, you need adobe acrobat reader (free). download
              it!





- calling
        and resistance: huldrych zwingli’s (1484-1531) political theology and
        his legacy of resistance to tyranny, by andries raath and shaun de freitas
        [.pdf]
-
heinrich
        bullinger and the marian exiles: the political foundations of puritanism
by 
        andries raath and shaun de freitas [.pdf]
-
the
        origins of defensive natural law in
huldrych
        zwingli’s covenant theology
        by andries raath [.pdf]
 

 

detailed chronology of political
        evolution (1630-1665) 
        (actually, no)

 

        evolution of the distribution of political powers: a diagram (be
        patient)

 

        images and maps 
the  images will be mostly portraits, and the maps
        will be scanned from books, therefore subject to copyright! [more to
        come] [perhaps]
 
 



links to sites and research centers 
        



yale
        law school's avalon project
 offers a great number of texts covering an incredible
        timespan, and obviously including seventeenth century history. this is
        the one place to find charters, grants etc.


the
        hanover historical texts project

  is another site where useful texts
        pertaining to puritanism on both sides of the atlantic can be found.


a
        hypertext on american history from
        the colonial period until modern times
         contains
        original texts and analysis on american history in general. their
        comments are reliable, on the whole, but the site is most interesting
        for the texts it has that cannot be found elsewhere.


the
        american colonist's library
  
(formerly the
        universitylake web directory) is an impressive collection of texts
        relative to american colonial history, but they include texts from
        europe which influenced the men and events that made colonial history
        what it is.


the
        winthrop society  (their links
        page) is a genealogical society which proposes a list of texts from
        the early decades of settlement in the bay. these texts usually contain
        introductions and explanations on context, which can be useful though i
        personally don't agree with their interpretation. but the texts are
        still very useful as such, and their links page is also interesting.



the
        mayflower pages, 
  by caleb johnson is an
        impressive site devoted to the pilgrim fathers and early plymouth. as
        such it is quite useful in so far as plymouth is a neglected colony
        compared to massachusetts bay. this site has extremely detailed
        genealogical information and a very wide scope of original texts, with
        useful commentaries and insight.


the
        plymouth colony archive project, 
  university    of
        virginia
is another site devoted to plymouth, with an impressive quantity of
        secondary information (essays...). their search facility makes research
        quite fast and easy, and it is not hard to find your way among their
        pages.

plimoth-on-web:
        the site of the plimoth
        plantation museum; it has a good deal of interesting information on the
        pilgrims, their life before immigration, the myths that were created
        around them and lots of other useful things


other sites of potential interest:
by order of arrival... newest at
        bottom!

the
        puritan tradition and american memory : an excellent scholarly
        article by scott atkins (university of virginia), which focuses on
        reinterpretations of the puritan past throughout american history. very
        clear and well documented, it opens fascinating perspectives.

fire and
        ice: puritan sermons : the name is eloquent: a site which
        contains a lot of sermons and guides you to sites of interest (especially
        on specific divines).

a
        puritan mind : a large
        puritan site,  by a puritan,  for puritans: handle with care!

christian classics ethereal library
: one of the best places to find texts by the fathers of the church
        or by a great number of churchmen.

encyclopaedia
        catholica : has
        interesting and not too biased articles on religion. useful if you need a clear text on a precise (or general) point
        of theology or religious history. their treatment of protestantism is
        surprisingly objective.

the
        voice of the shuttle: their renaissance page used to be a great
        site, but it is being refurbished, and many links seem to have
        disappeared...

luminarium
: devoted to sixteenth- and seventeenth-century literature in particular, it offers
        articles and texts on divines of the times (foxe, hooker).
premise:
        archives. this page lists all the articles of all the back
        issues of the  premise review. many of them are on the reformation and
        politics and/or religious issues.
reformed.org:
        historic church documents page, featuring creeds, confessions of faith (dordt,
        westminster),
        catechisms, sermons (jonathan edwards, george whitefield), and other
        documents, including the notes from the 1599 geneva bible: a most
        valuable primary sources page. the confessions referred to above can
        be compared to the cambridge
        platform, stating the new england way (1649)
neq
        links page: proposes links to new england's historical societies
        and major libraries. could be useful for researchers, all the more so as
        they are centralized on one page.
red,
        white, blue and brimstone: online exhibition at the library of
        the university of virginia, on the book of revelations. very
        comprehensive, and fully documented with dozens of beautiful pictures,
        mainly covers/pages.
crime,
        law and disorder in early modern england: a handy selection of
        websites, but more useful, two impressive bibliographies:
        one on the theme of 'honour,
        reputation and defamation', the other, more general, entitled 'crime,
        law, and order'








 

created by lauric
        henneton for le projet albion©
        lauric henneton, 2000-2003
        last update: 30/11/2003

        contact: lauric.henneton@projet-albion.net

         
        
my
        family tree






