







one family ireland – national organisation for one-parent families































































































facebooktwitterinstagrammail📞   helpline
information
counselling
pregnancy
parenting
 


about

our history
our team
board
governance and funding
accredited facilitators


news
supports

helpline
counselling
unplanned pregnancy
parenting supports
early years (0-5) | parenting post separation
parenting tips
children’s booklist


education

parenting courses
courses for professionals
infant mental health
separation network – professional training
employability programmes

new steps
new futures




advocacy

media centre
facts & figures
publications
campaigns


get involved

vacancies
parents
events
donate
subscribe


press
testimonials
contact us

contact us
your feedback


donate
search




menu


menu

 






find out more and complete our national parent survey

survey
information & support

for listening support and information for people parenting alone, sharing parenting and those separating call the askonefamily helpline on 01 662 9212.

counselling

our counselling service for adults and young people ensures time to be really listened to by a professional counsellor.

unplanned pregnancy

we provide free, confidential, non-judgemental and hse approved information, support and counselling on all options during an unplanned pregnancy and post-abortion. call us on 01 662 9212.

parenting

one family parenting aim to support parents with everyday parenting challenges and the complexity of parenting post separation.

courses

we offer courses and workshops for people parenting alone who are looking to access education and work; for parents experiencing challenges and change; and for professional development.

policy & engagement

we make policy submissions, undertake research in key areas, and advocate for better lives for one-parent families. in all we do, we are solution-focused.


recent news14 february 2025parenting | how to make valentine’s day special in your home
7 january 2025be part of the change in 2025: join our media panel and advocacy group7 january 2025one family award-winning employability programme 2025 now open for applications23 december 2024press release: call for award-winning employability programme aimed at lone parents to be rolled out nationally  20 december 2024one family’s christmas guide for one-parent families5 december 2024an insight into our innerworkings20 november 2024one family 2024 election manifesto20 november 20242024 research highlights dire situation of one-parent families in ireland
click here for previous news posts.



sign up to our monthly newsletter

 subscribe

our funderspreviousnext




   

policies privacy policy
cancellation and refund policy
complaints policy
child safeguarding statement

location 

company cherish clg t/a one family
8 coke lane, dublin, d07 en2y
cro: 45364
rcn: 20012212
chy:  6525
01  662 9212
info@onefamily.ie








© copyright - one family ireland  
facebooktwitterinstagrammail






scroll to top

this site uses cookies. you can accept or click settings to customise.accept privacy policysettings

cookie and privacy settings

how we use cookieswe may request cookies to be set on your device. we use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
click on the different category headings to find out more. you can also change some of your preferences. note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
essential website cookiesthese cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. you always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. but this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
we fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. you are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. if you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
we provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. you can check these in your browser security settings.
check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. we need 2 cookies to store this setting. otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
google analytics cookiesthese cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
if you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
click to enable/disable google analytics tracking.
other external serviceswe also use different external services like google webfonts, google maps, and external video providers. since these providers may collect personal data like your ip address we allow you to block them here. please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. changes will take effect once you reload the page.
google webfont settings:
click to enable/disable google webfonts.
google map settings:
click to enable/disable google maps.
google recaptcha settings:
click to enable/disable google recaptcha.
vimeo and youtube video embeds:
click to enable/disable video embeds.
privacy policyyou can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our privacy policy page. 
one family privacy statement
accept allreject all






































