













bed & breakfast association of virginia: find inn lodging in va




























































bed & breakfast association of virginia



skip to header rotation
skip to main content









main menu




logoinns

view allby regionby amenityby experience
regions

view allblue ridgecentralchesapeake bayeastern shoreappalachianorthernshenandoahsoutherntidewater
about us

general informationregional meeting signup
gift certificates   





















experience virginian hospitalityat a virginia bed & breakfast inn






planning a trip to virginia?
choose a bbva member property for an unforgettable virginia lodging experience as well as inside advice on how to make the most of your virginia vacation.

inspected & approved virginia lodging
welcome to the bed & breakfast association of virginia.  we are committed to providing our guests the best virginia lodging; whether in the foothills of the shenandoah mountains, on the eastern shore or in the state capital city of richmond. bbva, is virginia lodging at its best because all our properties are inspected and approved and have a reputation for providing the highest quality independent accommodations in the state.
plan your getaway today at one of virginia’s many authentic and locally owned bed & breakfasts, from historic homes and rustic retreats to resort-like estates. each member inn offers a unique and unforgettable lodging experience for a memorable vacation in the finest virginia b&bs.
most scenic places with virginia lodging
one of the best things about early fall is the warm air followed by an array of autumn colors beautifully changing with the season. envision sitting outside with your favorite drink in hand and taking in a surrounding view of yellow, orange, pink and red. virginia is known for its stunning landscapes. when planning your next vacation, check out some of the most scenic places in virginia. perhaps you’ll be surprised at what lies between the mountains of southwest virginia to the scenic coastal area. you may want to spark a romance in a secluded b&b or take a hike in the blue ridge mountains. from the mountain views to the bayside, no matter where you are headed, our virginia lodging accommodations will take your breath away.
outdoor activities near virginia lodging
when planning a trip to virginia one may be surprised by the copious amounts of activities that this beautiful state offers. fall provides the best weather and is the perfect time to venture out somewhere new. take a scenic bike ride. or, plan a trip on any of the beautiful virginia rivers, whether canoeing, tubing, or kayaking. virginia has some of the most incredible and scenic hiking trails and waterfalls. looking for something new, try breakfast and birdwatching. if you’re looking for extreme adventure, take the opportunity to go skydiving or take a ride in a hot air balloon.

read more 





 





our inns inspected & approved 
our inns provide the highest quality of lodging in virginia.
view inns 












no airs about us personal experience 
our members have personally designed and professionally manage a hospitality business.
see benefits 





 








 





membership innkeeping in virginia 
our association offers a full range of services to our members.
join us 












visit virginia plan a trip 
virginia offers endless opportunities for your next vacation.
explore regions 





 







 gift certificates

treat a loved one to a memorable vacation in virginia.
buy now 














  email | website
accessibility | privacy | site map 

facebook
twitter

pinterest
youtube









© bed & breakfast association of virginia 2025. all rights reserved 2025. website design and marketing by acorn marketing.







call for assistance
 













 


contact
inns
map

membership




close x



find my roombook now





logoinns

view allby regionby amenityby experience
regions

view allblue ridgecentralchesapeake bayeastern shoreappalachianorthernshenandoahsoutherntidewater
about us

general informationregional meeting signup
gift certificates  




