







usmc hangout || one stop source for marine corps information & support




usmc hangout - one stop source for marine corps information, support, and fun


























nutty hiker adventures


home
site info






home
deployment 101

care package info
deployment preparation
deployment survival
children & deployments
emotional phases of deployment
home coming ideas


finance 101

making a budget
money saving tips


pcs 101

dity tips
filing a claim
general information
military housing
pcs allowances
pcs checklist
pcs links
types of pcs
what to take with you
tmo moving tips
unauthorized items
weight allowance
pcs binder download


military 101

branch specific info
military jargon
military legal
medical benefits
pay & entitlements
space a travel info


water cooler

discounts
jokes
patriotic
poems
reunions


information

about us
newsletter
advertise
contests
site policies
link to us















 


















welcome to usmc hangout
your one stop source for everything marine corps. from military legal info to a list of famous marines, you will find it here. we now have over 200 pages to this site! you will also find navigation links that point to the main sections of our site at the top of every page.




thanks for visiting our site! over the years usmc hangout has been a huge source of information for everything marine corps and even general military information. at one time, way before social media, our site hosted forums that had hundreds of thousands of threads and thousands of members. with the invention of socail media, our forum dwindled and we eventually closed it down due to non-use.
over the years, much of our general military information has been transfered to our owner's site nutty hiker adventures, so she could quickly keep the information updated as needed, and due to the fact that is where she hosts her (now retired) dear military spouse column.
 what remains of this site is for nostalgic purposes and marine corps specific information that the owner updates from time to time. as your read the pages, you will quickly realize just how old this site is! notice we refer a lot to "dial up users"! however, that does not mean all the information is out of date! if you see something that needs an update, contact us!
now sit back and browse your way through this huge site. most pages do not have graphics, this enables the pages to load more quickly for our dial up users. as always if you have something you would like to add to the site or have a question, please feel free to contact us. we try to reply to all e-mails within 48 hours.
latest video from nutty hiker adventures






latest blog posts




back to top









search site


















advertise with us!



connect





 



useful links


americanflags.com
bluetti.com
battlbox.com





founded: 
	    july 18, 2001 

















about us
meet the staff
advertise
contests
volunteer
sponsors
member memorials


legal
terms of use
copyright policy
disclaimer
privacy policy




© copyright 2001-2012 usmc hangout. all rights reserved. disclaimer: neither the united states marine corps nor any other component of the department of defense has approved, endorsed, or authorized this website, products, and/or services.










