









linkwitz lab - loudspeaker design




 





  
			
 
			
 
			
 
			
 
			  
			
 
			
   
			  
			
    
			
----- experience in your own 
			room the magical nature of stereo sound -----




 







 




what's new


 




lx - store


 





blacklist


 




conversations
		with fitz


 




oplug
		forum


 



basics
the 
		magic in 2-channel sound
issues in 
		speaker
		design
dipole models
active filters

amplifiers etc
microphone
faq's
loudspeakers
crossovers
room acoustics

		stereo recording and rendering

audio production
conclusions


 



projects
your 
		own desig

		lxmini

		lxmini+2

		lxstudio
lx521.4
lx521
		reference
orion
		challenge
orion-3.4

		pluto-2.1
watson-sel
pluto+
		subwoofer
thor
		subwoofer
phoenix
		dipole speaker

three-box active
		system (1978)

		reference
		earphones
surround
		sound

loudspeaker
		& room


 



resources

		publications 
sound 
		recordings
links

other designs
my current 
		setup
about me
site map


 




home


 




		------------------

digital photo
		processes 


 



------------------
the
		sea ranch 


 



------------------
my daughter
		the jeweler 


 




what's new


 




lx - store


 




conversations
		with fitz


 




oplug
		forum


 
 

                
 





"have
        fun, create memories!" (siegfried linkwitz)
 i feel very honored, that siegfried linkwitz
        (1935-2018) picked me to continue his audio
        business by handing over the "keys" in december 2017.
it´s about carrying
        further the flag of open baffle dipole speakers and keeping this
        exceptional website alive! 
        frank brenner/linkwitzlab®


 


 


 


 




turnkey loudspeaker systems 
		(as well as 
		quality kits & parts
construction
        plans) 
		for linkwitz®lab designs from linkwitz.store.
        


worldwide shipping with  
 
        andups.




find more pictures of turnkey systems on linkwitz.com and
linkwitz.store.
plans and parts kits are also available from www.madisound.com


the 
		construction plans are required license to purchase
        parts kits and assembled systems. |
        terms
        & conditions | 


the oplug
        forum is the place for advice and help
          



cds
        (e.g."sound pictures") and construction plans
        are no longer available as hard copies, but as downloads from the webshop.




 



meet us in 2023

2 us shows and 1 german show, read 
more



axpona, hifideluxe, t.h.e.show


 



capital audio fest 2022.  
 


nov 11th-13th we displayed the linkwitz 
lx521.4mg system
with

powerboxes 6pro ncore precision analog.
new cascaded asp inside.


thanks for the many individual 
"best of show" compliments.


read more...




 


 
 





pacific audio fest 2022.  
 
suite 1370, 13th floor.

july 29 - 31 2022, seattle, 

doubletree hilton sea-tac washington.
enjoy the "uncanny" (theaudiocritic) 
sound stage illusion of linkwitz 
lx521.4, 
the new 
linkwitz22mg driver and

powerboxes 6proncore precision analog.



read 
more....
  
 



 




 







 axpona 2022, finally, life is back, we enjoyed it, 
....others, too:
  
frank doris (copper magazine) was 
visiting our linkwitz room at axpona 2022
read more..
thank you: the best of show award for linkwitz  
read more..
 

 april 22 - 24, 2022,
			renaissance schaumburg hotel & convention center | 
			schaumburg, il 

contact us via email
			info@linkwitz.com for a 
			ticket discount code 25% off.


room #725





     






 



 







enjoy lx521mg with our new
low-distortion magnesium 
midrange driver and 
new

powerboxes 6pro ncore precision analog with cascaded asp v2.0
catalina, suite #137




january 14-16, hyatt regency, 
newport beach/ca
### audiocon la 
has been postponed ###

www.audioconla.com




 
 





next auditions
openhouse, saturday, nov 
13th 2021 
10.00h-1400h
after a pandemic pause, eike linkwitz 
likes to invite you to our first openhouse event this year. listen to lx521 and 
lxsirius in corte madera / 8mi north of golden gate bridge. this event is 
available exclusively for fully covid-vaccinated participants. 
get your seats 
via email to
info@linkwitz.com.
driving and parking details will be provided. pandemic rules (ffp2 masks) apply.
extension of this event:
additional lx521.4 audition  sunday, nov 
14th 2021 
10.00h in healdsburg/ca, sonoma valley. get free tickets via email to don naples



 
 






   be a guest at the 22. european
jazztival at schloss elmau / southern germany and audition lxspeakers in
the foyer of the konzertsaal.  cancelled!
   thereafter, enjoy the
presentations of :
   michael wollny, nils landgren,
joel lyssarides, tord gustavsen, rymden, mathias eick, cæcilie norby, lars
danielsson, johanna summer... 




   you may pre-register via email
for audition on nov.18th,19th,20th or 21th in the konzertsaal
foyer.





 


 
 






meet
us at axpona , room #725. 

april 22 - 24, 2022,
			renaissance schaumburg hotel & convention center | 
			schaumburg, il 

contact us via email
			info@linkwitz.com for a 
			ticket discount code 25% off.

 axpona
          2020 has been cancelled !
renaissance schaumburg hotel &
          convention center | schaumburg, il

room #725





meet us at
      













 





 
the lx family of active
and dsp or asp controlled
electro-acoustic
transducers
for rendering realistic
sound scenes
in a wide range of rooms
 
here are four loudspeaker systems, which are designed to
deliver the magic in 2-channel sound
 
when properly set up:



 


 a 2-way loudspeaker that can
be built for around $1200 including minidsp 2x4hd equalizer/crossover and 4 power
amplifiers in the 50 w to 200 w range.  
 the speaker has a unique polar pattern,
starting out as omni at low frequencies from the infinite transmission line
woofer, going through a cardioid region around the 800 hz crossover to an
unbaffled, fullrange driver with dipolar behavior. due
to the low crossover frequency and acoustically close proximity of drivers the
polar pattern is identical in vertical and horizontal directions, like in a
coaxial design, but it has much wider dispersion at higher frequencies. the
frequency range extends from 45 hz to 20 khz with 12 db/octave roll-off at the
low end.  
lxmini construction plans: $105
 
 





read:  lxmini+2
      at burning amp 2016
 


 a 3-way loudspeaker that combines the
lxmini with two, compact lxsub2 dipole woofers. 
it requires addition of two 50 w power amplifiers and a minidsp 4x10hd unit to form a system that
covers the 20 hz to 20 khz frequency range with excellent clarity and dynamism.
with an lr2 crossover at a low 60 hz the woofers can be placed against the side
walls of a room and the lxmini used as near-field monitors. path length
differences to the listener can be compensated for in the dsp unit. dipole
woofers have the advantage of less room mode excitation and thus preserve
      articulation in bass sounds. 
lxmini construction plans: $105 
      + 
      lxsub construction plans: $55 
 



 


a 3-way loudspeaker that combines the
lxmini with two lxsub4 dipole woofers, which have 10 db higher output capability
than the lxsub2.
 it requires addition of two 200 w
or four 50 w power amplifiers and a minidsp 4x10hd unit to form a system that
covers the 20 hz to 20 khz frequency range with excellent clarity and dynamism.
with an lr2 crossover at a low 60 hz the woofers can be placed against the side
walls of a room and the lxmini used as near-field monitors. path length
differences to the listener can be compensated for in the dsp unit. dipole
woofers have the advantage of less room mode excitation, which matters even in a
highly damped recording/mixing studio.
lxmini construction
plans: $105  + 
 lxsub construction plans: $55 
 






  
 a 4-way loudspeaker, designed as
full-range dipole, for flat on-axis and off-axis response in the horizontal
plane and frontal hemisphere. it requires between 8 to10 power amplifiers of 50
w to 200 w and a minidsp 4x10hd.
the speakers need breathing room of at least 1
m to the nearest large reflecting surfaces and a room with a minimum floor size
of 25 sqm.


lx521 construction plans: $155   
 
(the lx521.4
is documented on the included lx521 owner support page)
 



i consider each one of the four systems as
state-of-the-art for rendering a convincing stereo illusion, that touches one's
emotions, that is analytically revealing of flaws in the recording, yet at the
same time forgiving them, if the art comes through. i therefore recommend
building these speakers not only to the diy community, but also to professional
recording/mixing/mastering engineers and especially to the designers of consumer
products to hear for themselves what they have been missing. hopefully these
designs inspire a fresh look at  what is possible in terms of believable 3d from
two speakers before everyone launches off into 3d over
headphones with their unnatural distance distortion. 
for further details about these speaker
systems, about ordering plans, construction materials, active crossovers and amplifiers,
start with the lxmini,
lxmini+2, lxstudio or lx521
page.
 




complete systems
after you have received the construction plans you
      may realize that you do not have the time, skill or confidence to build
      the speaker system yourself. or, you may know this from the outset and
      want to buy a professionally assembled and finished system. here then are
      licensed manufacturers:
from germany: 
www.linkwitz.store
      for lxsirius,
      lxsirius+2,
      lxstudio,
      lx521.4
      with powerbox, shipping worldwide with  
 
        andups.


from usa: lxspeakerfactory.com for lxmini, lxmini w/subs, orion4d
see terms
      & conditions to  guarantee that you receive a genuine
      linkwitz lab product.
lx
      - store




 
>>> my
current setup <<<
 





   
  
      
  
       
   

that will take some effort on your part
    and i recommend to find a lxmini or lx521 owner in your corner of the world.
    i have sent construction plans to many countries and
	www.linkwitz.store
    has shipped turnkey systems. see also www.linkwitz.com
argentina, australia, austria, belgium,
    brazil, bulgaria, burma, canada, chile, china, croatia, czech republic, denmark,
ecuador, estonia, finland, france,
germany, greece, hungary, hong kong, india, indonesia, iran, ireland, italy, japan, korea, latvia, luxembourg, malaysia, mozambique, netherlands,
new guinea, new zealand, norway, pakistan, philippines, poland,
portugal, romania, russian federation, singapore, slovakia, slovenia, south africa,
spain, sri lanka, sweden, switzerland, taiwan, thailand,
turkey, uae, uruguay, uk, usa
i will not give out names or email
    addresses, but you could try to make contact via the oplug
    forum with one of the many diy builders who frequent the forum. i have had
    open house events to hear the loudspeakers here in corte
    madera and at the sea
    ranch earlier this year, but nothing is upcoming. 
i can assure you, though, that even if
    you have not heard lxmini or lx521 before making your decision, that you will be
    extremely delighted with their sound once you have built or acquired them. 
    either one will give you a completely new experience of your music collection.
    you are in for a treat. with these speakers you move to a new paradigm
    for stereo sound reproduction.
have fun, create memories!




 





the
    magic in 2-channel sound reproduction
why is it so rarely heard?





 
 




... but you want to design  your own
  loudspeaker?
my
  conversations with fitz
.....
  come into my
parlor said the spider .....




 
 



issues
        in loudspeaker design



 
 



 stereo
                - from live to recorded and reproduced -
                what does it take?



 
 





 <<<<<<< 
                links 
                >>>>>>>





 
 





<<< 
                other
                designs 
                >>>





 
 




>>> 
                lx
                - store 
                <<<





 
 
... have fun ... create
  memories ...
*****************************************************************




 
<<<<<< 
  2014 and earlier  >>>>>>
 





15 years of
      www.linkwitzlab.com
a
      retrospective





 




 

lxmini... 
        reference quality sound in any size room
the lx521 loudspeakers are no longer alone in
        their ability to render in stereo a detailed 3d auditory scene with
        clarity, dynamism and neutral timbre for any kind of music. 
the lxmini, at smaller size and lower cost, is a
        close match to its bigger brother, except for lower maximum sound
        capability below 200 hz and rolling off the bass below 45 hz. while the
        lx521 needs at least a 25 m2 room and open space around it,
        the lxmini was designed to work well in any size room. the standard
        stereo triangle formed by loudspeakers and listener can be as small as 1
        m for each side and be close to a wall. but unlike with headphones the
        auditory illusion is in front and stays there with head movement as is
        natural. of course the size and distance to the auditory illusion
        increases with spreading out the triangle, limited only by the space
        available. 
the lxmini is easy to build. no soldering is
        required, just sawing, sanding, drilling holes, screwing parts together
        and crimping wire connections.
the lxmini
        is in reach of every music lover! 




 





lx521 - reference loudspeaker

few people have ever heard the detailed 3d
        rendering and realism that the stereo format is capable of when the
        loudspeakers are designed to illuminate the room evenly for all sounds
        and are properly set up in the room. 
the lx521 reference loudspeaker is an open-baffle,
        constant directivity radiator for the enjoyment of any type of music in
        the home and also for final judgment of work in the recording studio.
        the lx521 is designed to minimize the
        influence of the listening room upon the stereo image, which is formed in
        the listener's mind. the loudspeakers
        themselves disappear from aural perception, leaving in front of you a
        phantom acoustic scene to enjoy and study, and not just from the
        "sweet spot". ultimately you are likely to get
        lost in the music. that is what i experience with a good recording.
most of my involvement with audio was about
        designing and building loudspeakers for my own use, for my own home. i
        have tried to push the state of the art, because i was never quite
        satisfied with commercial products, or could not afford what i liked at
        the time. i also discovered that even the best professional loudspeaker
        designers had unanswered questions and that i was not alone in my search. my
        education in electrical engineering, my work in electronic test
        equipment design and in microwaves had given me a good opening for
        designing broadband acoustic radiators that cover a range of
        wavelengths, which is equivalent to the range from 20 mhz to
        20 ghz in electromagnetic terms. 
 i have developed a deep appreciation of
        how the brain constructs an aural scene from the multiplicity of
        superimposed sound streams, which impinge upon each eardrum all the
        time. the brain's working suggests how to design a loudspeaker so that
        it can withdraw attention from the loudspeaker as the source of sound
        and the listening room as the real place, thus leaving an aural scene, an
        illusion floating in front of the listener.



     sound
        as close to live -
             as the recording provides!
      

      magic is my other name
        for the lx521.
     
        my search is over!






 





orion-3.4 loudspeakers
in 2002 i put out the challenge
to build yourself a high performance open-baffle loudspeaker system with
electronic crossover/equalizer and multiple power amplifiers. the orion
incorporated what i had learned from designing loudspeakers for audio artistry
and the follow-on phoenix. soon after, don naples from wood artistry joined to
supply precut wood parts and then complete, custom finished orion systems. today
you can find hundreds of delighted orion owners all over the world. 
the loudspeaker's design changed somewhat over
the years. the midrange driver was mounted by its magnet. a rear tweeter was
added. the frequency response was tweaked after hearing the first pluto. don
barringer, a trained musician and former recording engineer with the us marine
band, helped me in this process with many hours of listening. i am not touching
the design anymore. the orion has reached its full potential.


 
       
             
orion with optional thor subwoofers in back





 





 


pluto-2.1
pluto  came about
in 2005 after i had used its aura tweeter as a small loudspeaker for low
frequency room mode studies in a 10:1 scale model of my listening room. the
tweeter opened the possibility of building a fairly decent omni-directional
loudspeaker. i needed it as a reference source for studying baffle diffraction
effects of the orion.
pluto evolved to the 2-way full-range loudspeaker that it
is today when seas supplied me with a custom woofer/midrange driver. the
loudspeaker is now ideally suited for smaller living spaces or as a lower cost
alternative to orion in larger rooms. pluto delivers great sound to hundreds of
audiophiles worldwide, following orion's example.
pluto-2.1 is a great father-son/daughter diy
      project. the speaker has built-in power amplifiers, hooks up to the ipod or laptop
      and is easily moved. it provides an introduction to high quality sound.
     





 





phoenix
i launched this website in 1999 after i had
        separated from audio artistry. i left behind three proud design
        accomplishments: vivaldi, dvorak and beethoven, all open-baffle loudspeakers.
        much had been learned about loudspeaker design with passive and active
        crossover/equalizers. it added
        to what i had gathered from my audio hobby activities with other
        engineers at hewlett-packard co. especially russ riley, lyman miller and
        brian elliott had inspired me. so on leaving aa i wanted to write it all down,
        that it might benefit others and not get lost.
the  phoenix project
        was meant to be an illustrative exercise for others to judge the
        validity of what i was claiming. a study of the material will give you useful
insight into the theory, design and construction
of an open-baffle speaker, the necessary line-level crossover/equalizer and
        electronic filters. 
for the later orion design i combined the
        separate dipole woofer with midrange and tweeter in a single cabinet. i also avoided
        the mtm driver arrangement.



phoenix main panel and
      separate dipole woofer in w-frame



 




  
        

recording, rendering
if you want to learn about the theory behind
stereo, about what it takes to create a phantom acoustic scene between two
loudspeakers in your living room, then read stereo
recording and rendering - 101.
 




                    





publications, talks, links, cd's
to get a taste of the large number of
        considerations that enter into the design of a loudspeaker you might
        read a ground breaking  "loudspeaker system design"
        article. it was published 1978 in wireless world magazine and describes
        a three-enclosure loudspeaker with active delay and crossovers using
        drivers that were highly regarded at the time, kef t27, b110 and b139.








   




and then listen
      to a talk given 30 years later about accurate sound reproduction from
      two loudspeakers in a living room, to hear and see what more has been learned.
        or see my take on loudspeakers in
        2013.
on the links and other designs pages you will
        find relevant and interesting material. it will show you that there is
        still much to learn about the optimum configuration of  loudspeaker, room,
        setup and
        recording in order to create a "realistic sound illusion".
i offer recordings of useful test signals for room analysis and sound tracks to evaluate your
        loudspeakers.
look at the site map to
orient yourself when searching for specific information.
    

check out the orion/pluto/lx521
        user group for the exchange of ideas, for questions about lx521, orion and pluto and to make
contact with owners. 
 






 





  www.linkwitzlab.com
you have come to a website with a wealth of
useful and practical information about loudspeaker design, electro-acoustic system
design and about perception of sound from loudspeakers in normal rooms. i have been active in
this field for over 40 years, motivated by my love for music and by a keen
interest in the difficulties of reproducing music realistically in the home. 
after retiring from hewlett-packard co. (now 'agilent') with 37
years in r&d of radio-frequency and microwave electronic test equipment, i
pursued my investigation of the loudspeaker-room-listener interaction with refreshed
energy and time. in
the late nineties i had developed the beethoven/dvorak/vivaldi line of open-baffle
loudspeakers for audio artistry. my objective has always been the development of
cost effective loudspeaker systems for two-channel sound
playback of the highest accuracy. occasionally i experiment with surround
sound. video sound and moving pictures are of low interest to me, but digital
photography has rekindled my lifelong fascination with pictorial expression. 
on this site you will find the essence of what i have
learned from designing, building and listening to many different types of speakers.
fortunately, i
was rarely bound by commercial considerations or restricted by market
expectations. i was free to search for the
parameters that are truly important to realistic reproduction. throughout this
search, my sonic reference
has always been the
non-amplified original performance. 
my motto has always been to be "true to the
original, as it was recorded". i want to reproduce a recording without
adding or subtracting from it either because of the loudspeakers or the room.
the recording then defines the possible realism of the auditory scene. on this website you
find
information that allows you to build, to purchase, or to design loudspeakers which
exemplify the pursuit of realistic rendering.
 



check out the topics that are listed in the
column on the left hand side of this page. i hope that the material presented here will add to
your understanding of what is necessary for accurate sound reproduction.
regrettably, much misinformation and outright nonsense has been published to promote
certain "high-end" audio
products. the power of suggestion works exceedingly well,
when
listeners do not trust their own hearing. i recommend to re-calibrate yourself frequently.
listen closely to all sorts of non-amplified sounds in order to
recognize and remember natural sonic scenes. without a reality based
mental reference it becomes an endless and futile pursuit to listen for differences between
speakers and equipment in order to find the least falsification and a believable
illusion of live sound and space. 



 
caution:
the content of any page may change without notice
as i learn new things or find better descriptions. the designs presented here
may change as i make new observations or gain more insight.  audio has overwhelmingly been a hobby for me, for my own pleasure and love of
music. i enjoy to share what i found and possibly to dispel a few
misconceptions. my interest is not on the business side, though i like that my
activities pay for my hobbies. you may not agree with some or all aspects of my
designs, the approach that i take to them, or the theories. i have no problem
with that. just do not ask me "what would happen if ...". changes that
you make to the designs are for your own pleasure and at your own risk. but if
you learn something worthwhile, then please let me know. my diy projects are not
for beginners and it may be necessary for you to buy subassemblies or a turnkey
system. please do not ask me for individual help with your
diy difficulties. all my designs have a support page. it is listed on the cover
or inside your project documentation. there is an orion/pluto/lx521 users
group with people who can help you. i respond to every email eventually, but
you may not get the answer you want. i consider my writings in these web pages
as brief and to the point. i labor over every sentence and word and provide
little redundancy. i am not a native english speaker. i grew up in germany. read thoroughly and maybe more than once. i do not write for
the rank beginner, but for those who have been around the block. you may need to
study up. the links in my text are for that. i have not been standing still
since i started this website in 1999 with the idea of a brain dump of my
previous findings so they would not get lost to the audio community. in 2006,
after pluto, i thought i would go into a support and maintenance mode. no new
design. stuff happened, more work to be done on radiation patterns. also the recording and rendering
process interested me. therefore the lx521. it brings to completion my search
 for the prototype of an ideal stereo loudspeaker. it has confirmed theories and
 observations of how we hear in reverberant spaces the auditory illusion is
 convincing.  i am satisfied. it's time to enjoy the
 sublime magic of sound and space!  -  january, 2014
 
 




from where and in what numbers do
visitors come to this website? 
top 25 countries in a 7.5 month
period from june 2013 to january 2014 with a total of 63,734 visits (283/day):




by
        number of visits
rank
by
        number of 
        visits / population


united states
        germany
        united kingdom
        canada
        australia
        sweden
        netherlands
        france
        russian federation
        norway
        poland
        italy
        denmark
        switzerland
        finland
        japan
        china
        brazil
        new zealand
        india
        serbia
        spain
        belgium
        singapore
        croatia
1
        2
        3
        4
        5
        6
        7
        8
        9
        10
        11
        12
        13
        14
        15
        16
        17
        18
        19
        20
        21
        22
        23
        24
        25
norway
        sweden
        denmark
        finland
        new zealand
        netherlands
        switzerland
        australia
        canada
        croatia
        singapore
        united states
        serbia
        slovakia
        united kingdom
        germany
        belgium
        austria
        hungary
        greece
        czech republic
        poland
        france
        italy
        russian federation




 
for current data click on the world map
below




 





 


 






what you hear is not the air 
		pressure variation in itself 
		but what has drawn your attention
		in the streams of superimposed air pressure variations 
		at your eardrums

an acoustic event has dimensions of 
		time, tone, loudness and space
		have they been recorded and rendered sensibly?




		___________________________________________________________
last revised:
		02/15/2023   
		-  © 1999-2019 linkwitz lab, all rights reserved
 




