


home - memphis soaring society




























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top



















member login
my shopping cart


 


shopping cart
cancel






share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twitter








          fly gliders at                          located in cherry valley, arkansas


                     



homeclub information member signup mss overview history/awards directions airfield info membership  rental rates training contact us scholarships mssf/donations







clubhouse wifi password is field4ar5

web site overview

memphis soaring members!   watch this 11 minute video for an overview of our site including information on adding a picture 
to your profile, how our e-mailing works and how to see who are in various groups such as your board or instructor group.

https://youtu.be/zwwd5fakjfo

open glider network (ogn)
we have installed ogn trackers in all club gliders and the flights will populate in the flightbook.  enter our airport id (4ar5).
members are encouraged to check their flight times in the flightbook for reasonableness and report discrepancies to:
mssbilling01@gmail.com

spot the gliders
part of the ogn system includes the ability to watch, in real time, gliders and tow planes
by going to the ogn page spot the gliders



 


board meeting - our next board meeting is to be on tuesday, february 11, 2025 at 7pm via zoom.  members can find the link on our home page after login.

annual safety meeting - march 8th - 10am-noon -  mss members will gather to review topics that contribute to safe operations as we prepare for the season.  visitors are welcome.

annual work day - april 12 at 10am - members will come together and complete a number of tasks ahead of the season.  flying will occur if weather permits.

memphis soaring's annual maxfly - may 23 thru june 1 - the club will operate each of these days and instruction will be available to allow members to get concentrated flying and instruction.
 


day memberships/glider rides - memphis soaring offers day memberships that include a demonstration flight for those considering a membership.  the cost is $125 and the flight lasts about 25 minutes.   please note that we will not be available for rides until spring 2025.

note:  if you wish to contact us with questions on joining or a day membership (demo) ride, please text/call mark olinger at 901-491-8424.  email not preferred.

















slideshow
home page slideshow

















weather feed
cherry valley

cherry valley

  


 about us



welcome to the memphis soaring web site.  whether you are new to aviation, looking to add a glider rating or are perhaps returning to flying after a prolonged absence we are glad you are here. 

mss is a 501(c)(7) corporation, organized under the laws of the state of tennessee as an organization to promote the art, science and sport of motorless flight.  membership is required to utilize any club aircraft or facilities. a one day membership is available for individuals who are interested in the sport. the cost is $125.00 and includes one flight in one of our two place gliders.  see membership, above, for details on all types of memberships.  see our training page for information and answers to questions surrounding instruction and ratings.


if you've not been exposed to soaring or a club of this type you might wonder what we are and do.  a past chairman of the soaring society of america, ken sorenson, wrote the following in the december 2018 issue of soaring magazine.   ken lays out the varied reasons one joins and enjoys being in a soaring club:


why soar?
 
why would you want to take up soaring? are you nuts – flying an airplane that doesn’t even have an engine?
 
why? for many of us it’s not just about the soaring. it’s much more. and for some, it’s not really about soaring at all.
 
about the soaring… some of us are attracted by the joy and beauty of silent flight – soaring with the birds (the skies near houston are filled with migrating birds as i write this) and gracefully maneuvering a sailplane within the invisible air currents that most people never get to experience. some of us enjoy the spectacular view from a sailplane’s cockpit – there is little to obstruct your view of the sky above and the scenery below. some of us enjoy the thrills – the sensations of speed and turbulence while flying along a mountain ridge, the g-forces felt in a steeply banked turn while thermaling, the strange sensation of climbing in level flight while in the eerily smooth lift of a mountain lee wave. speaking of thrills, some enjoy sailplane aerobatics – the physical sensations of being upside down, or pointed straight down (momentarily), and the challenge of managing the sailplane’s energy in order to perform precise and unusual maneuvers. some enjoy the satisfaction and decision making related to flying sailplanes cross-country - which route to take, which clouds to chase, which thermals to climb in, how high to climb, when to use the ridge lift, how fast to fly between thermals.
 
not about the soaring…  some of us enjoy the friendships and the social aspects of the soaring community, and the flying is just a bonus – many of us have developed soaring friends all over the us and around the world.  some are no long actively flying but enjoy being involved in aviation-related activities, or perhaps they like fixing things – there’s always something that needs fixing, under the watchful eye and training of the certified mechanic of course. some bring their children (or grandchildren) into the sport even if they are not pilots themselves, having recognized that the soaring community provides a great environment for children to grow up in - “kids” are (mostly) treated as adults and have the opportunity to interact with and be subject to instruction from adults other than their parents and school teachers.
 
sort of about the soaring… some like to teach – they become faa-certified flight instructors (or flight simulation instructors – no certification required) in order to experience the satisfaction of teaching some very special skills to sharp youngsters whose minds are like sponges, or less-youngsters whose might require some more creative teaching skills. some like to fly the towplanes that provide aerotows – they are “power pilots” looking for a mission beyond the proverbial $100 hamburger sometimes used as an excuse to exercise their flying skills.
 
why soar? when a friend asks, or the youngster flying model airplanes, or the parents of the youngster, or the bored power pilot … talk it up.
 
oh yeah, and….it’s fun!

thanks to ken for the use of his comments.  be sure and visit the ssa site at ssa.org for a variety of information and resources on soaring.
 







home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 







