

musicmorpher.com - morph music to your taste


















		 

















 












» 
	 music morpher gold


» 
				music morpher 
				


» 
				mp3 player morpher 
				


» 
				ringtonemax








» extract voice from a song


» remove voice from music in a song


» create a chasing voice


» create a hollow voice


» create a ring-tone from a favorite song


» create a voice over


» 
				get free keys of music morpher gold


» 
				modify the vocals and add effects 


» record a karaoke song (advanced)


» sing with a favorite star


» import and use vst plug-ins


» more free tutorials...







» av music morpher gold 5.0 intro


» how to use the easy dj


» how to use the converter module


» how to use the player-only mode


» modify the vocal and add effects















"…av music morpher basic works quite well as a standard mp3 ripper, cd burner, and audio converter, its wealth of audio effects make it really special…" 

-- cnet review --

















































 
























performing dj work without effort, playing back music without any complications or fuss, converting multi-format audio files with a few clicks, 
										removing the vocals or music from stereo songs, and much more...







more info





demonstration



trial download 



 























										a versatile yet cost-effective 
										music gear. improved with a multi-track 
										editor and music effects. enables you to 
										edit any number of channels, and more... 





more info



trial download




 




 

















in focus



visit
 


audio4fun.com
 
				for more other audio and video 
				software programs





















av music morpher 
				gold 5.0 makes editing audio and doing dj tasks just a snap. it is packed full of powerful features including a brand new virtual dj, a new converter module, a multi-track recorder and editor, a whole suite of professional effects and our famous patented vocal remover and extractor. the dj module helps users do simple dj tasks such as re-mixing songs, adding sound fx, adjusting channels, eq or any one of the hundreds of included studio-quality effects. the converter module helps convert multi-format audio files more quickly and conveniently.



				 


learn more

demonstration

compare all editions

trial download
buy now





















av music morpher 5.0 is music gear that is 
				convenient and versatile, yet cost-effective for music lovers. 
				this is a resourceful multi-channel music mixer that enables you 
				to edit any number of channels for surround sounds. it has been 
				improved with a multi-track editor and more cool music effects. 
				the interactive funny space helps you enjoy special collections 
				of funny sounds, ringtones, audio clips, etc. without using any 
				browser.



				 




learn more


compare all editions


trial download

buy now

get it free





























av 
								mp3 player morpher 4.0 is the only mp3 player 
								that can play, change and morph music with 
								complex audio/sound effects. it also records and 
								converts music in 10 different audio formats, 
								including mp3, wav, wma, ogg, ape, etc.





download


							learn more 

compare all editions
























av ringtonemax is a free ringtone maker which can make new, 
								unique ringtones by mixing voice records, 
								songs, and applying audio effects..






							download


							learn more 























miguel gonzalez

"music for a party 
								? you need more than just a cd 
								or mp3 player"
								i had been thinking a lot about how to 
								make the music and the atmosphere of my upcoming 
								party exciting and totally unique; but how could 
								i do it?... 
								
read more




carla toscana
								videographer - musician - 
								singer
								as a sound and film expert, as well as an accomplished 
								singer, carla toscana knows the importance of 
								technology in today's complex world of music and 
								film...
								

								read more











jennifer whitlow
"i thought of entirely new ways to 
				enrich my curriculum with this program."
								jennifer whitlow has taught college students 
								music for years. she had to rely on her search 
								skills to find some of the songs... read more





hamish robertson
"music morpher gold does 
				everything i can do in the studio... without the studio."
for the last 8 years i've worked as a freelance record 
								producer and sound engineer and before you 
								ask... 

						read more















contact info | 
		 
privacy policy | 
		 
resources | 
		 
site map 
copyright © 2025 avsoft corp. all rights reserved















