

sensible concepts in physics, beyond math to cause and effect





causeeffect.org


 from carl r. littmann





dedicated to more 
        sensible and satisfying concepts in physics and going beyond 
        math to cause and effect.  

        did you ever notice that lectures on gravity so often rush to the mathematics 
        of the so called "attraction", f = g m1m2 
        /r2 (or the like), but seem to avoid asking or addressing a 
        question much more important to many people? how can two separated masses 
        (seemingly without anything significant around them or between them) be 
        "pulled" or pushed together anyway? at this web site, we take 
        a more sensitive and satisfying approach (if our answers can't convince 
        you, we won't confuse you or divert you.) my ideas may even give you a 
        big laugh!
 i have established this web site because i'm like thousands of others. 
        we are seeking a more satisfying and comprehensible understanding of the 
        physical world than we have been able to get through existing "doctrine." 
    many of us have our own views and theories, well worth considering. 


note:
readers are reminded that most computers have viewing “zoom-in”, “zoom-out”, or “actual-size” options to adjust viewing size.  or when lower part-of-drawing stroked by pointer – gives rise to size-adjusting-icons.  generally, drawing details show up better using option, “save as”, instead of ‘copy & paste’.  as usual, readers are encouraged to read content ‘critically’, and feel free to contact author.





my 
      articles 

other 
      websites to visit



 
particle mass ratios and similar geometric volume 
        ratios
        covers, less formally, an article by me in j. chem. inf. comput. sci., 
        vol. 35, no. 3, pp.579-580 and adds some particles and speculations.
booklet of large & small spheres
     in patterns, and large & small mass particles
   an easy picture booklet, 20 pgs,
   and a quick video tour of the book -- featuring moving arrow, voice and pictures. 
   (note, staples,
     some ups stores, etc., convert
      loose pages, disk, or e-mail
      attachments to a nice, cheap
     booklet with staples in middle.) 
what we see and what we don't see
to me, a "force field" is a "farce field"....
nuclear fusion mass lost, crevices between nucleons, and an improved method of calculating binding energies
      shows how crevices between nucleons increase flow speed and thus venturi suction (attraction) arises.  shows that sears & zemansky's textbook calculations of binding energy is superior and expands on it.  article explains a lot ....
when and why a mass can increase
when gaining absolute velocity or
can decrease when gaining absolute
velocity
      a small subtlety with big implication…
 the mystery of "feeling"
      (a philosophical essay) 
the photon particle exists!, but "aether" does
          the big jobs
  discusses "light", "elementary
  particles", "aether", "einstein".

a simplified approach to metal tensile 
        strength using concepts of guericke and venturi
      a new approach to the subject adds insight, and simplifies it. 
problems the greeks addressed, and most 
        modern scientists avoid
        includes a few well deserved words and opinions about greek thinkers and 
      cities, besides socrates and athens, and also about related issues.
elementary human concepts and their manifestations 
        in nature
with "pictorial" illustrations....
the world’s exclusive nuclear-armed club has not brought real peace – rather gross corruption instead.
      there goes my political opinions again ...!
brief history of the world
        ...and of world war 2
part 1 and part 2 and (some of part 3a devoted to ww2) now done.
repair of some shoes that wear out unevenly, or having soles that overly compress to one side
ligaments stretch, and pain…. 
a few rare types of "hydrocele" and "blepharitis",
          and my thoughts on these health disorders. and on "certain types of hip pain", also. 
        hopefully not relevant to most people
political philosophy, political science, 
        politics, my opinions
        please don't judge all my science articles by this one, but there are 
        somethings you don't hear on tv....

 


http://www.naturalphilosophy.org
      a science hobby group focused on its members and the general science public, like the old npa
      

archivaldisplayonly://mywebpages.
comcast.net/deneb/
        the natural   philosophy alliance’s original home page, roughly. (old links on it are now   obsolete)  see newest npa   home page, instead! 

http://www.wikipedia.org
helpful, but sadly, i think some articles in it have been written or rewritten by reactionaries.      
http://en.wiktionary.org
        http://en.wikiquote.org
      websites with dictionary and interesting quotations, respectively.
http://www.m-w.com/
      an on-line dictionary with sound!
http://henrylindner.net
much in western civilization boldly challenged, and other articles; not for the timid, sensitive, or faint-of-heart.      
https://www.commondreams.org/views   
https://www.commondreams.org     
rare and different views of what is behind the news 
& headlines, and what should be deemed important, 
and a lot of news, too.  
http://www.sdp.org   
        a new approach to psychology.  and, i think 
      linnaeus, darwin, mendel,  and mendeleev, did not need a theory of dna or wave mechanics to decipher patterns and make great progress.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/
        descriptive_psychology
        i think much of the world is hidden, infinitely big or 
        small, and ultra complex.  thus, a ‘pre-empirical’ basis, seems wise, before attempting a full, holistic view of reality.  and see what develops from it.  a purely 100% empirical approach leads to disconnected confusion. 
https://archive.is/www.metaresearch.org
dr. van flandern addresses gravity and other issues, interesting to people at all levels. 

http://www.angelfire.com/az/
        bigbangiswrong/index.html 
        john kierein covers a lot, and offers "clickable" reading list including 
        "gravity 1960 russian paper", which has an interesting history of man's
        search for a cause of gravity.
http://www.mountainman.com.au/
        (was lost in the internet wilderness-has 
been found.)  many interesting articles. 
vixra.org (journal accepts all submissions) 
        huge repository of science articles, allowing authors (regardless of ability) to post their articles free, 'unrefereed'!  and free for surfers to browse and read.  ((with great 'google-like search box' at top right of display, and other searching means.))
gsj (the general science journal) 
  a free journal with various indexes, and helpful 'special google search box' at the homepage's bottom.  an author can have many of his/her unrefereed articles 'housed' there, indefinitely long, by paying just a one-time, low fee, 1-year membership. 
https://arxiv.org
  seems to feature science articles in recognized, 'refereed' journals.  seems to require article submitters, or prospective 'free' surfers, to prove their refereed professional standing, or their historically published articles in refereed, well-respected recognized journals. 






causeeffect.org
carl r. littmann
25 washington lane,  
          #313
        wyncote pa 19095

clittmann@verizon.net 
(reader's comments always welcome) 








