













home - disney world press room







































skip to content





 








releases
media kits
photos
videos
contact us



sites
corporatedisney experiencesdisney in floridadisneylandpresswalt disney worlddisneyland resortdisney signature experiencesdisney cruise linedisney sports 




sites

corporatedisney experiencesdisney in floridadisneyland
presswalt disney worlddisneyland resortdisney signature experiencesdisney cruise linedisney sports
 
























 














                                    walt disney world news room                                










latest news

















                                super bowl mvp jalen hurts has next level celebration at walt disney world                            

                                the super bowl celebration that started in new orleans late sunday night took a magical turn monday when super bowl mvp jalen hurts had a super-sized day of family fun at walt disney world resort in florida.                            

                                view press release                            


















                                press release                            

                                philadelphia qb jalen hurts stars in iconic disney super bowl commercial                            

                                dazzling big game performance earns jalen hurts the super bowl mvp award and a starring role in the popular “i’m going to disney world’’ tv spot airing nationally in spanish, portuguese and english.                            

                                view press release                            


















                                tiger cub debuts at disney’s animal kingdom                            

                                bakso, a sumatran tiger cub born at the park in sep. 2024, made his official onstage debut on maharajah jungle trek. guests can now visit the trek to watch him continue to grow alongside his mom, sohni.                             

                                view the media kit                            


















                                new details about what’s coming to walt disney world in 2025                            

                                from brand-new shows, immersive dining lounges and more, the most magical place on earth is evolving in ways that will continue to surprise and delight guests of all ages.                            

                                view media kit                            


















                                walt disney world offers florida residents savings with a discover disney ticket                            

                                as florida residents ring in the new year, they can discover joyful moments at walt disney world resort with the return of the 4-day florida resident discover disney ticket.                            

                                view the release                            








 








news by resort area





                                magic kingdom park                            



                                epcot                            



                                disney’s hollywood studios                            



                                disney’s animal kingdom                            



                                beyond the parks                            

















                                    media kit                                

                                    celebrating 50 years of space mountain                                

                                    blasting off from magic kingdom park at walt disney world resort, space mountain has delighted guests with a thrilling adventure through the cosmos since its grand opening on jan. 15, 1975.                                

                                    view the media kit                                















                                tiana’s bayou adventure now open                            

                                join princess tiana, mama odie, louis, and all-new friends on a thrilling adventure, set amongst the music and excitement of a new orleans celebration.                            

                                view the media kit                            














                                enter the grid with tron lightcycle / run presented by enterprise                            

                                the new attraction is the fastest coaster attraction in a disney theme park, alongside its sister coaster at shanghai disneyland.                            

                                view the release                            














                                walt disney world resort custodial team creates magic with water                             

                                for anyone who has ever wondered how walt disney world resort stays so clean and tidy – the answer is disney cast members, especially the 4,000+ custodial cast members.                            

                                view the release                            





















                                    epcot international festival of the arts 2025                                

                                    guests can enjoy the magic of creativity with vibrant artwork, dazzling entertainment, delightful food studios, music from the disney on broadway concert series along with interactive experiences around the park now through feb. 24, 2025.                                

                                    view media kit                                















                                epcot transformation                            

                                newly opened in summer 2024, communicore hall and communicore plaza offer guests new experiences at epcot.                            

                                view media kit                            














                                ‘¡celebración encanto!’ now at epcot                            

                                guests can dance and sing along to the música of the disney animation studios film “encanto” in this new show at communicore plaza.                            

                                view media kit                            














                                ‘luminous the symphony of us’ shines at epcot                            

                                this nighttime spectacular brings guests together around world showcase lagoon and shines a light on the shared experiences that connect people across the globe.                            

                                view the media kit                            





















                                    new villains show debuts in summer 2025                                

                                    an all-new live production “disney villains: unfairly ever after” is set to debut at sunset showcase in summer 2025.                                

                                    view the gallery                                















                                roundup rodeo bbq brings even more toy-sized fun                            

                                yee-haw! andy’s backyard welcomes more toys at roundup rodeo bbq in toy story land at disney’s hollywood studios.                            

                                view the media kit                            














                                the little mermaid – a musical adventure                            

                                “fathom” the possibilities at this splashy new show debuting in summer 2025 at disney’s hollywood studios.                            

                                view the media kit                            














                                new look at monsters, inc. land                            

                                the new land will feature a suspended roller coaster, shopping, dining and more.                            

                                view the gallery                            























                                    disney’s animal kingdom welcomes new tiger cub                                

                                    guests can now visit maharajah jungle trek to watch bakso, a sumatran tiger cub born at the park in sep. 2024, continue to grow alongside his mom, sohni.                                

                                    view the media kit                                















                                even animals are having fun at walt disney world                            

                                 walt disney imagineering collaborates with the animal care team at disney’s animal kingdom theme park to roll out new enrichment opportunities for the animals that call the park home.                            

                                view the release                            














                                disney’s animal kingdom welcomes new baby elephant                            

                                with hundreds of guests awaiting her appearance, 2-month-old african elephant corra made her debut today at disney’s animal kingdom theme park at walt disney world resort in lake buena vista, fla.                            

                                view the release                            














                                new residents embody the magic of nature                            

                                walt disney world resort has welcomed the birth of more than 300 animal residents in 2023. penny, a yellow-backed duiker baby, recently made her on-stage debut at disney’s animal kingdom theme park.                            

                                view the release                            





















                                    disney springs                                

                                    check out the ever-changing offerings at this shopping, dining and entertainment destination.                                

                                    disney springs news                                















                                water parks                            

                                explore what’s new at disney’s typhoon lagoon and disney’s blizzard beach water parks.                            

                                water parks news                            














                                disney resorts collection                            

                                discover exciting updates to our disney resorts collections.                            

                                resorts collection news                            














                                more magic                            

                                learn about disney imagination campus, espn wide world of sports complex and more.                             

                                other news                            

















request access
register as a member of the press to gain access to high quality digital assets.
register                                    




















































disney parks blog
plandisney
disney store
careers
disney.com
 




                    © disney. all rights reserved.                


terms of use
privacy policy
do not sell or share my personal information
your us state privacy rights
children’s online privacy policy
disney.com guest services
 









