
















association for learning technology


























skip to main content












log in

















                      association for learning technology

welcome to our community





show navigation

hide navigation

home
news
get connected
membership
cmalt
groups
events
publications
edi in alt
about alt
contact
 











welcome







we are the leading professional body for learning technology in the uk. we support a collaborative community for individuals and organisations from all sectors including further and higher education and industry and provide professional recognition and development. membership is open to all with a professional interest in using digital technologies for learning, teaching and assessment. 
access to expertise and cpd for all practitioners
learning technology is a rapidly growing industry and we can help you find the right path for your career: join alt as a member and become part of our network of 3,500+ members in the uk and globally. if you are not sure where to start, have a look at recent news, our impact report and find out more about what we do and how we can help you. browse the #altc blog for case studies, reviews and more or explore 25+ years of research, evidence and policy. 
professional recognition and development for learning technology professionals
if you are looking to scale up and develop your use of technology for learning, teaching or assessment, we can help with recruitment via alt's weekly news digest and access to the members directory of consultants and commercial services; we offer practical resources, our members only discussion list, webinars and conferences to share knowledge and find the expertise you need and offer opportunities to gain professional recognition on a national stage through alt's awards. 
opportunities for leaders and institutions
for experienced professionals, we offer opportunites to advance and develop your professional practice, including cmalt accreditation pathways to a senior level and mappings to other professional frameworks, opportunities to network via local member and special interest groups, new research in learning technology, analysis of current trends and ways to keep informed about alt's ethical framework for learning technology. 
  



news



  
  
 exciting opportunities: chair the m25-lt member group or digital accessibility sig  
 10 february 2025 
 alt is currently looking for enthusiastic members to step into leadership roles within the m25-lt member group and digital accessibility special interest group. these roles provide excellent chances for professional growth and the opportunity to make significant contributions to our community.
in... 
 read the complete article...  

  
  
 share your views on copyright and artificial intelligence in response to the government consultation 
 06 february 2025 
 we are currently collating responses from alt members in answer to the government consultation on copyright and artificial intelligence. the consultation is open until tuesday 25 february 2025 and we encourage our members and member institutions from all sectors to respond. collectively, our voices... 
 read the complete article...  

  
  
 exclusive cpd webinars for alt members in 2025 
 21 january 2025 
 throughout 2025, alt is pleased to offer a lineup of exclusive cpd webinars for our members, which are free to attend.
as part of our strategic objectives, alt provides these webinars, delivered by our community, to share expertise and elevate the profile of learning technology. each session is... 
 read the complete article...  



    more  




share: 



printer-friendly version









latest


  
 alt events 
 cmalt week 2025: maintaining cmalt status - reviewing your portfolio 
 published:  13 february 2025 

 alt events 
 stepping up to senior cmalt 
 published:  13 february 2025 

 alt events 
 the coffee break 
 published:  13 february 2025 

 alt events 
 cpd webinar series 2025: thinking about blogging? 
 published:  13 february 2025 
 


more


alt's rss feeds

     



follow us on social media











about this site
accessibility
cookies policy
privacy policy
site map
web site terms of business
complaints policy
equality and diversity



visit alt on linkedin" visit alt on mastodon visit clipsfromalt on youtube visit picsfromalt on flickr see alt's rss feeds
association for learning technology | registered charity number: 1160039enquiries@alt.ac.uk | tel: +44 (0)1865 819 009







scroll to the top




