























hoyes michalos | consumer proposal & licensed insolvency trustee | debt relief experts






















































debt relief experts






 
2099 user reviews






 1-866-747-0660
contact us








 



menu





 
2099 user reviews






i want to…

file a consumer proposalfile bankruptcyconsolidate my debtsstop creditor harassmentstop wage garnishmentexplore my debt relief optionseliminate credit card debtresolve student loan debtget tax debt reliefconsumer proposalpersonal bankruptcydebt relieffaqsabout uslocations search










 



give us 30 minutes
			we'll give you a plan to be debt free
licensed insolvency trustees & credit counsellors
			consumer proposal · bankruptcy · debt relief
			offices across ontario & the gta


book a free no-obligation consultation





first name(required)last name(required)email(required)

phone(required)please select a location:(required)please select a location:barriebellevillebramptonbrantfordbrockvilleburlingtoncambridgechathamcornwallguelphhamiltonhuronkingstonkitchenerleamingtonlondonmarkhammississauganewmarketniagara fallsnorth baynorth yorkoshawaottawaottawa - kanataparry soundpembrokepeterboroughsarniasault ste. mariescarboroughst. catharinesstratfordsudburythunder baytimminstoronto - downtowntoronto - etobicoketoronto - yonge & bloorvaughanwindsorwoodstock

 











δ






hoyes michalos has helped over 200,000 
		ontario residents get out of debt since 1999
hoyes, michalos & associates inc. was founded in 1999 by licensed insolvency trustees douglas hoyes and ted michalos to provide  personalized service to help you gain a fresh financial start. in any of our ontario locations you always meet with a licensed professional, never a clerk or a salesperson. we guarantee professional, respectful, expert advice that meets your needs. give us 30 minutes. we’ll give you a plan to be debt free.
let's get started








we help you get out of debt





credit card debt
barely making your minimum payments? juggling multiple credit cards? we can help you consolidate your credit card debts into one reduced monthly payment.


payday loans
payday loans cause financial stress because the interest accumulates faster than you can pay it off. we help you break the payday loan cycle.


tax debt relief
canada revenue agency will settle taxes through a consumer proposal. we can help negotiate a reduction in your tax debt liability and create an affordable payment plan.


resolve student loans
if you have been out of school for 7 years, your government student loans can be discharged. we help you get relief from long term student debt.


loans and overdue bills
paying high interest on your bank loans? behind on bill payments? we can stop collection calls, wage garnishments and lower your monthly payments.


get debt help
hoyes, michalos & associates inc. 
consumer proposal & licensed insolvency trustee
				debt relief experts








what our clients say about us










a g.

7/09/2020



				about 2.5 years ago, i visited them. they said i will never be able to pay off my debts unless to file bankruptcy, but now i’m debt free and leasing a car. glad that i didn’t take their advice as well as other debt relief institutions because they only want you to file bankruptcy. how i did it? read books and have self-discipline.read moreread less 













andrew h.

9/08/2020



				the best decision i ever made was contacting them! brett nicholson was amazing and took the time to answer all my questions in person and over email. he helped me every step of the way and made the process easy. mariya was also great and very helpful! my experience overall was amazing and i would highly recommend them. forget any other company, you need to contact hoyes!!!!read moreread less 













katie s.

2/07/2023



				dealing with hoyes, michalos & associates inc. was an experience that i will never forget.i randomly came across them on google search during a very hard session. i was so afraid, i didn’t know what to say or even where to begin. i was very fortunate to deal with ted who was so kind and with the most beautiful approach. i felt a sense of relief just getting a phone call from him. after my initial meeting with him, for the first time in months i was able to sleep. it’s wasn’t just about my finances it was more than. ted took the time to really examine my situation and worked if me accordingly. his team have been amazing with the follow-ups. i am so great full to this team for continuous support. i am finally looking forward to rebuilt with confident with their amazing support and guidance.

thank you hoyes, michalos & associates inc.

katieread moreread less 













nick d.

3/11/2020



				great business great staff if you need help these are the guys you want on your sideread moreread less 













ashleigh s.

10/16/2021



				jason helped me understand more about my finances and also helped me with managing my debt.  i will forever be thankful for the service.
thank you jason and hoyes.read moreread less 













taylor l.

7/20/2021



				welcoming, honest, trustworthy and over the top fast. making you feel comfortable ajd talk you through everything there is to knowread moreread less 













jeff j.

9/26/2019



				i dealt with ian martin, he’s was unbelievable to deal with and completely guided me with this process. i am very thankful for his assistance.

unfortunately life events happen, which lead up to myself filing a consumer proposal.read moreread less 













rob e.

4/15/2024



				mark is fantastic! took the time to explain the whole process and answer all the questions i had. (there were a lot of them) the only regret i have is not going to see him sooner! if you are struggling financially… as many are these days… then stop procrastinating and do something about it! give mark at hoyes a call!!!read moreread less 













brandy d.

5/03/2021



				i have nothing but good things to say about this company.   i was in a panic and felt like i was drowning and the people at hoyes, michaloas & associates rescued me and gave me hope.  i will be forever grateful to these wonderful people who really are as genuine as they can be.   they gave me hope and my ability to move beyond my debt in ways i didn't expect.   they were and still are very present, prepared and extremely professional in what they do.   i would definitely recommend them to anyone who is facing the same despair as i was just a few short months ago.   i can't say enough great things about them because what they did for me is priceless and i will forever be grateful for them.  i never felt judged or ashamed because of my situation they made me feel like everything was going to be fine and they went step by step very patiently with me and i thank brett and his team from the bottom of my heart....read moreread less 













krista m.

9/16/2022



				i was so nervous about starting this process and jason made me only feel comfortable and safe! i am beyond impressed with the service and on going support from jason and his team. if you are struggling i highly recommend this company, you wont be sorry!! 10/10read moreread less 










book a free consultation






we explain all your options
no matter the financial difficulties you’re facing, hoyes michalos’ friendly trustees will help you get back on track






consumer proposal

a consumer proposal is a deal you make with your creditors to settle your debt for less than you owe. you can reduce your monthly payments by up to 80%. a proposal allows you to keep your home, car and tax refunds.
learn more about consumer proposal 





personal bankruptcy

bankruptcy is a legal process where a debtor who cannot repay their debts can be discharged from their obligation to pay back those debts. bankruptcy can stop collection calls and give you a fresh financial start.
learn more about personal bankruptcy 





debt relief solutions

our licensed insolvency trustees can help you find the best way to eliminate your debt, stop collection calls, stop wage garnishment, and make your payments more affordable. we can help you avoid bankruptcy.
learn more about debt relief 






 wage garnishments
 tax debt


 student loans
 credit card debt


 collection calls
 debt consolidations








friendly & professional
friendly local trustee



99% success rate
consumer proposal acceptance



zero upfront fee
debt relief with no pressure



licensed & certified
trustee not a sales person






see what your payments might be



enter your total unsecured debt




our licensed professionals will help you explore your debt relief options.
arrange a free consultation in any of our locations across ontario today.






choose an office near you


arrange a free consultation in any of our locations across ontario including nine offices across the greater toronto area.



select a location:barriebellevillebramptonbrantfordbrockvilleburlingtoncambridge chathamcornwallguelphhamiltonhuronkingstonkitchenerleamington londonmarkhammississauganewmarketniagara fallsnorth baynorth york oshawaottawaottawa west - kanataparry soundpembrokepeterboroughsarniasault ste. mariescarboroughst. catharinesstratfordsudburythunder baytimminstoronto downtowntoronto etobicoketoronto yonge & bloor vaughanwindsorwoodstock 









contact information

 1-866-747-0660
mon-thurs: 8am-6pm
fri: 8am-5pm

contact a trustee


quick links 

consumer proposals 
personal bankruptcy
debt relief
blog



about us
contact us
testimonials

find office near you



hoyes, michalos & associates - consumer proposal & licensed insolvency trustee
hoyes michalos provides residents of ontario burdened with debt a fresh start. as  licensed insolvency trustee (also known as bankruptcy trustees) regulated by industry canada, we provide free initial consultations to explain all your debt relief options, including credit counselling, debt settlement, debt consolidation, consumer proposal and personal bankruptcy.









 


© 2025 hoyes, michalos & associates inc.



privacy
legal
sitemap




 



get a personalized debt free plan today


first name*last name*this field is hidden when viewing the formhow do you prefer to be contacted?*


email



phone



any
email*

phone*what is the best time to contact you?*please select a timeanytime9am-11am11am-2pm2pm-4pm4pm-6pmphonethis field is hidden when viewing the formwhat is the best time to contact you?how can we help you?


 











δ


×






 
 
 



































































 
