









 




washington township - town hall | barto pa


























































































skip to content






 120 barto rd, barto, pavisit us
 610-845-7760 
call us
 email us
 follow us
pay bill















homeabout

township government news & updates calendar history 






















 




							our history  











 



							township government  











 



							township news  











 



							events calendar  











resources

ordinances & regulations 











 




							ordinance & regulations  












 




							rtkl information  












 




							land development  











 



							building permits  











 



							tax information  











 



							zoning map  











forms 







 



							rtk form  











 



							subdivision app  











 



							zoning app  










contact us










 land development rtkl information taxes zoning map
forms

subdivision application permit app rtk form zoning app
departmentsparks & recreationcontact
























welcome to 



washington 



township 



continuing the vision  since 1840  preserving the values 










the township has multiple committee vacancies for:


						uniform construction code board of appeals,  environmental advisory council					   
please call sue brown if you are interested in joining a committee!















 



							community calendar						







                  agenda         agenda        month             february – march 2025 feb – mar 2025               collapse all    expand all         feb 17 mon          president’s day – office closed     tickets    feb 17 all-day         read more           feb 26 wed          pottstown area regional recreation committee meeting @ pottstown borough hall or online     tickets    feb 26 @ 4:30 pm – 6:30 pm         read more           feb 27 thu          board of supervisors meeting     tickets    feb 27 @ 7:00 pm – 8:00 pm         read more           mar 1 sat          red barn recycling @ washington township red barn     tickets    mar 1 @ 9:00 am – 11:00 am          read more           mar 6 thu          planning commission meeting @ township meeting room     tickets    mar 6 @ 7:00 pm – 8:00 pm         read more                february – march 2025 feb – mar 2025              subscribe        add to timely calendar      add to google      add to outlook      add to apple calendar      add to other calendar      export to xml         







view all events















important news & updates 














											memorial benches &  trees										
washington township parks & recreation has established a memorial bench & tree program. township residents are invited to mark a personal milestone with a reminder by placing a donation for a memorial bench or tree, to be placed in a local park. please click the below link to learn more about this program. 
 more info







											spring events										
washington township parks & recreation will be holding a spring craft fair and easter egg hunt on april 5, 2025 at the barto community park.  please click the below link to learn more about these events. 
 more info







											war memorial restoration										
washington township is currently planning to restore our  war memorial located on barto road. if you are interested in making a donation to support this important project, please click the below link to learn more. 
 more info







											scams & identity thief										
today's scammers target individuals through various methods, including phone, email, or social media in an attempt to obtain money, and personal, medical, or financial information. scams come in all types of forms, including fraudulent  calls, text, and emails with fake invoices/bills, tech support, family emergencies, debt collection, etc. please click the below link to learn more about scams and identity thief. 
more info







											new sewer rates for 2025										
click on the link below to learn more about the lower sewer rate schedule for 2025. please remember, your sewer bill can now be paid online! in addition to over the phone, or at the township building. we accept all major credit cards, debit cards and e-checks.

view rates







											important - meeting updates										

none

calendar







											red barn recycling center										
the red barn recycling center is open the first saturday of each month from 9:00am to 11:00am, and the third wednesday of each month (during the months of march through october) from 7:00pm to 8:00pm. the recycling center is open to residents of washington township only.

view procedures







											event volunteers needed										
the parks & recreation board is looking to develop a list of event volunteers to assist the board with events planned during the year. no matter how much time you may be able to spend volunteering, the board would like to hear from you. please click the below link to view the volunteer application. if interested please email mark at parks (at) washtwpberks.org.
view application







											tax collection 2025										
tax collection hours will be held at the township building as scheduled on the 2025 tax bill. tax payments can also be mailed to brenda breidigan, washington township tax collector at 2025 old route 100, bechtelsville, pa 19505 or placed in the black lock drop box,  at the municipal building.
learn more







											newsletters & reports										
washington township, the pottstown area regional recreation committee, senator pennycuick and berks county offers various newsletters and reports throughout the year. please click the link below to view available newsletters and reports. the winter 2025 washington township newsletter is now available. 

view newsletters & reports






 

 








 click here for township news & updates













new! - click here to signup for our email lists















 







our departments 










learn more



















 



							schools  















 



							phone service  















 



							dog licensing  



















 



							recycling  















 



							tv & internet services  















 



							place of worship  



















 



							refuse disposal  















 



							newspaper  















 



							electric service  



















 



							public works  















 



							postal service  















 



							water & sewer  



















 



							emergencies  















 



							local library  















 



							fire deptartment  
























							our history						

with our rich history, washington township still thrives primarily as a prime residential community with an ever increasing population.
 
















							parks & rec						

we are proud of the fact that we have beautiful recreational areas for our residents to enjoy. learn more about our available spaces.
 
















							pay bill online						

we’re excited to announce that sewer bills can now be paid online, over the phone, or in person with credit cards, debit cards and echecks.
 



















 



							important contacts						











 
township office: 610-845-7760




 
township manager: susan j. brown




 
email: sbrown@washtwpberks.org





 
public works dept: 610-845-2753




 
send us a fax: 610-845-8499














latest news 










view more
















				scams & identity thief			



			03/01/2024		


scams & indentity thief today’s scammers target individuals through various methods, including phone, email, or



			learn more		







				crossley farm superfund site			



			01/26/2024		


updated information about the united states environmental protection agencies (epa) cleanup efforts at the crossley



			learn more		







				bally groundwater contamination superfund site			



			01/26/2024		


updated information about the united states environmental protection agencies (epa) cleanup efforts at the bally



			learn more		
















pay your
bills online 







 






































 





we're open



 
office hours m-f: 8am- 4pm














office location 






 
120 barto road, barto, pa










call us 






 
610-845-7760










email us 







 
info@washtwpberks.org











									© copyright 2025 washington township | this site is designed & hosted by enter.net | protected by recaptcha. google privacy policy & terms of service apply.								















close menu






accessibility




					b&c


					contrasts dark 


					contrasts white


					stop movement


					readable font


					underline links


a
a
a


cancel accessibility                







provided by:



 






tax collection hours will be held at the washington township building as scheduled. for any related questions, please contact our tax collector, brenda breidigan at 610-845-7299, or at tcwashington.berks@gmail.com 







payments can also be mailed directly to 2025 old route 100, bechtelsville, pa 19505, in addition to our lock box outside of our offices. if you need a receipt, please include an addressed, stamped envelope with your payment. 













the lobby of the washington township is open. our normal business hours are 8am to 4pm. 







please feel free to use our drop box, which is located at the main entrance of the building, for any township business or payments. we can also be reached at 610-845-7760. 






need directions?



























































by continuing to use this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy.
accept




