              
	first southern state bank
       skip to main content 

 


  

 




accounts
                



personal
                    



checking


savings


loans


certificates of deposit


iras


rates


credit cards




business
                    



business checking


business savings


business loans


business services


business credit cards




services
                    



services


customer education


switch kit


rates


zelle




about us
                    



contact us


about us


locations & hours


officers & directors


news
                    



first southern young leader scholarship




2023 statement of condition


upload center


upload center (scholarship)




calculators



contact us



 
online banking digital suite

login
enroll



e-statements
   










   

what are you searching for? 



search













   

deposits
   

 

first southern offers a variety of deposit accounts and innovative technologies to meet all of your financial goals.  our accounts provide secure, easy, and convenient ways to bank how, when, and where you want.
     

loans
   

 

tell us your financial goal!  our team of experienced first southern lenders can design a flexible loan option at competitive interest rates just for you.  prompt processing will quickly turn your dreams into reality.
     

ag & business lending
   

 

since 1910, first southern state bank has been helping farms and businesses grow.  our lending options with competitive interest rates, flexible terms and rapid decisions are specifically tailored for our business and agricultural clients.
     


cyber security tips




be careful with passwordsit’s never a good idea to store passwords or private information by insecure means such as your notes on your phone or notes within your email account, to include google docs or microsoft office docs. it’s always a better idea to use a password vault or program, such as apple keychain, onepassword, etc, based on industry recommendations.


   

testimonials
       




                    thank you jo ann!   i appreciate all of your help and communication. look forward to working with you again in the future! 
                

                    b.l. - cullman
                



                    i have always had a great experience with both the stevenson and the scottsboro branch of this bank. between amy, veronica, emily, and our primary loan officer chris miller, they do a fantastic job of being friendly and helpful! whenever i call i'm greeted with happy service and chris has helped us work out our finances several times to boost our credit!  he always gives us sound advice and presents his work professionally,  and we feel comfortable asking him any questions. i refuse to bank with anyone else because first southern treats us with such respect and so personally.
                

                    adri rice
                



                    best bank around our area.great people to work with you.
                

                    debbie holman
                



ms. higginbotham - thank you sooo much for everything you have done!!  all my crazy questions and taking the time to take care of us!!  we can’t thank you enough!! mjc
                

                    mjc
                



                    well about 5 years ago i could not get a loan from anyone, my credit was terrible.
so i went to first southern in stevenson, i waited to talk to the president of the bank.( jack lovelady).. i didn't go in needing a large loan i needed someone to have a little trust in me. to help build my credit back up.. so happy to say they are my go to when i need anything..
thankful for the great people at first southern
                

                    allan hoover
                



                    cole justice was professional and timely during my commercial loan process. he made sure we closed on time and all details were communicated thourouly. i would highly recommend mr justice for all banking needs!
                

                    randy posey
                


       
   

social media
  



read more on facebook
        





  

80 bank st.p.o. box 548stevenson, al 35772(256) 437-2171 | (800) 344-2951
   

nmls #761800routing and transit #062202477
  

privacy noticewebsite accessibilitysitemap
     


   ©2025 first southern state bank. all rights reserved.         

view savings rates
view savings rates

  

view savings rates
view savings rates

  


  


       
