


nanomedicinebooksite








nanomedicine 
        book 
        site
© 
        1996-2022 robert a. freitas jr. all rights reserved





 
 

nanomedicine, volume iia: biocompatibility
by robert a. freitas jr. is now available in hardcover 
  for $99 + shipping. click 
  here to purchase the book at amazon.com or click 
  here for information or to purchase the book directly from landes 
  bioscience.

nanomedicine, volume i: basic capabilities 
  by robert a. freitas jr. is now available in softcover for $89 + shipping. click 
  here for information or to purchase the book directly from landes bioscience.

 
 
about 
  nanomedicine (the field)
molecular nanotechnology 
  has been defined as the three-dimensional positional control of molecular structure 
  to create materials and devices to molecular precision. the human body is comprised 
  of molecules, hence the availability of molecular nanotechnology will permit 
  dramatic progress in human medical services. more than just an extension of 
  "molecular medicine," nanomedicine will employ molecular machine systems 
  to address medical problems, and will use molecular knowledge to maintain and 
  improve human health at the molecular scale. nanomedicine will have extraordinary 
  and far-reaching implications for the medical profession, for the definition 
  of disease, for the diagnosis and treatment of medical conditions including 
  aging, and ultimately for the improvement and extension of natural human biological 
  structure and function.
"nanomedicine is the 
  preservation and improvement of human health using molecular tools and molecular 
  knowledge of the human body."
 
 
about 
  nanomedicine (the book series)
nanomedicine, 
  the technical book series, will be published in four volumes over the course 
  of several years. this website is the first commercial internet domain exclusively 
  devoted to nanomedicine and is also the permanent online home of the nanomedicine 
  book series. volume i was 
  published by landes bioscience 
  in october 1999. volume iia 
  was published by landes bioscience 
  in october 2003. volume iib 
  and volume iii will be published 
  in future years. visitors are encouraged to employ links to specific subsections 
  of these volumes in their own books, papers, or online discussions. all local 
  urls and anchored book links from this website will remain stable.
landes 
  bioscience is to be congratulated, not only for the tremendous range and 
  quality of its publications but also for its generous and farsighted embrace 
  of simultaneous web-based publication of the nanomedicine 
  book series, which will better enable debate on, and the evolution of, this 
  work. by 2002, landes bioscience 
  had published more than 700 bioscience and biomedicine books. unique among technical 
  book publishers, landes bioscience 
  is allowing many of its books to be indexed and made freely available online 
  via the bookshelf 
  database operated by the national center for biotechnology information (ncbi), 
  the national library of medicine (nlm), 
  and the national institutes of health (nih), 
  which also operate the related medline/pubmed 
  service. access to a comprehensive compendium of biomedicine and bioscience 
  chapters from the most current books is available for a modest monthly or annual 
  subscription fee via the publisher’s eurekah.com 
  website.
 nanomedicine,  
  volume i was published by landes 
  bioscience in october 1999 while freitas 
  was a research fellow at the institute 
  for molecular manufacturing in palo alto, california, an organization that 
  sponsored this work along with the foresight 
  institute. this support 
  was much appreciated by the author.
nanomedicine, volume 
  iia, was published by landes bioscience 
  in october 2003 while freitas 
  was a research scientist 
  during 2000-2004 at zyvex corp., a nanotechnology 
  company headquartered in richardson, texas. zyvex 
  should be applauded for its generous early support of this important work
 freitas 
  is now completing nanomedicine, volumes 
  iib and iii 
  and is also consulting on molecular 
  assembler and nanofactory 
  design as senior research fellow 
  at the institute for molecular manufacturing.
 
 
about robert freitas and his 
  nanomedicine-related websites
information about the author, 
  robert a. freitas jr., is available at 
  the author’s homepage. nanomedicine-related 
  websites associated with robert freitas 
  include the nanomedicine book site, 
  the nanomedicine 
  art gallery, and the nanomedicine 
  page. a compilation of technical designs for medical nanorobots, by freitas, 
  are here. 
  the nanomedicine 
  page includes a nontechnical 
  nanomedicine faq and hundreds of links to articles, 
  papers, 
  websites, 
  people 
  and organizations 
  who are active in the field of nanomedicine.
the nanomedicine.com 
  domain is owned and webmastered by robert 
  a. freitas jr. please report errors at this website, whether typographical 
  or substantive, to him.
 
 
links 
  to the nanomedicine book series online
 




  

nanomedicine, 
          vol. i: basic capabilities (landes 
          bioscience, 1999). 
          the first volume of the nanomedicine 
          book series describes the set of basic capabilities of molecular machine 
          systems that may be required by many, if not most, medical nanorobotic 
          devices, including the physical, chemical, thermodynamic, mechanical, 
          and biological limits of such devices. specific topics include the abilities 
          to recognize, sort and transport important molecules; sense the environment; 
          alter shape or surface texture; generate onboard energy to power effective 
          robotic functions; communicate with doctors, patients, and other nanorobots; 
          navigate throughout the human body; manipulate microscopic objects and 
          move about inside a human body; and timekeep, perform computations, 
          disable living cells and viruses, and operate at various pressures and 
          temperatures.
read entire 
          text free online ..... purchase 
          hardcover online ..... purchase 
          softcover online ..... purchase 
          softcover online ..... purchase directly from landes 
          bioscience ..... chapter 
          3 (early version, foresight institute) ..... japanese language version 
          (cover only, 
          html)
 review by gregory 
          m fahy, ph.d. and here; 
          review by lawrence 
          rosenberg, m.d., ph.d.; see all 
          reviews. see note 
          regarding left-handed dna depicted in cover art.




 




  
nanomedicine, 
        vol. iia: biocompatibility (landes 
        bioscience, 2003). 
        the safety, effectiveness, and utility of medical nanorobotic devices 
        will critically depend upon their biocompatibility with human organs, 
        tissues, cells, and biochemical systems. in this second volume of the 
        nanomedicine technical book series, we broaden the definition of nanomedical 
        biocompatibility to include all of the mechanical, physiological, immunological, 
        cytological, and biochemical responses of the human body to the introduction 
        of artificial medical nanodevices, whether “particulate” (large 
        doses of independent micron-sized individual nanorobots) or “bulk” 
        (nanorobotic organs assembled either as solid objects or built up from 
        trillions of smaller artificial cells or docked nanorobots inside the 
        body) in form.
read 
          text free online ..... purchase 
          hardcover online ..... advance purchase directly from landes 
          bioscience ..... subscription 
          version online at eurekah.com (pdf)
see all 
          reviews




 




  
nanomedicine, 
        vol. iib: systems and operations (2016-17, in preparation). 
        this volume will consider systems-level technical requirements in the 
        design and operation of medical nanodevices, including: scaling factors 
        and general design principles; control issues including teleoperation 
        and haptic controllers, swarm motions, autogenous control systems, and 
        various operational protocols; repair, replacement, and reliability; molecular 
        machine system architectures and deployment configurations such as nano-organs, 
        medical utility fogs, and replicators; methods of nanorobotic ingress 
        and egress from the human body; possible nanodevice failure modes, environmental 
        interactions, side effects of nanomedical treatments, nanodevice software 
        bugs and other safety issues; classes of medical nanosystems such as instruments, 
        tools, and diagnostic systems; specific medical nanorobot devices; rapid 
        mechanical reading and editing of chromatin and protein macromolecules; 
        and complex nanorobotic systems for cell repair, tissue and organ manufacturing, 
        and personal defense. 



 




  
nanomedicine, 
        vol. iii: applications (2017-19, in preparation). this volume 
        will consider the full range of nanomedical applications which employ 
        molecular nanotechnology inside the human body, from the perspective of 
        a future practitioner in an era of widely available nanomedicine, including: 
        rapid cardiovascular repair; treatments for pathogenic disease and cancer; 
        responses to physical traumas, burns and radiation exposures, with new 
        methods of first aid, surgery, and emergency or critical care; neurography, 
        spinal restoration and brain repair; improved nutrition and digestion; 
        sex, reproduction, and population issues; cosmetics, recreation, veterinary 
        and space medicine; strategies for biostasis and the control of aging 
        processes; human augmentation systems; regulatory and sociological issues, 
        implementation timelines, and the future of hospitals, pharmaceutical 
        companies, and the medical profession. 



 
 
technical analyses of types 
  of diamondoid medical nanorobots

respirocytes (artificial mechanical 
  red cells; first medical nanorobot design paper ever published)
          robert a. freitas 
  jr., “exploratory design in medical nanotechnology: a mechanical artificial 
  red cell,” artificial cells, blood substitutes, and immobil. biotech. 
  26(1998):411-430. http://www.foresight.org/nanomedicine/respirocytes.html
          images: http://www.foresight.org/nanomedicine/gallery/species/respirocytes.html

microbivores (artificial mechanical 
  white cells)
          robert a. freitas 
  jr., “microbivores: artificial mechanical phagocytes using digest and 
  discharge protocol,” j. evol. technol. 14(april 2005):55-106. 
  http://www.jetpress.org/volume14/freitas.pdf
          images: http://www.foresight.org/nanomedicine/gallery/species/microbivores.html

clottocytes (artificial mechanical 
  platelets)
          robert a. freitas 
  jr., “clottocytes: artificial mechanical platelets,” foresight 
  update no. 41, 30 june 2000, pp. 9-11. http://www.imm.org/reports/rep018.html
          images: http://www.foresight.org/nanomedicine/gallery/species/clottocytes.html

pharmacytes (ideal drug delivery 
  nanorobot)
          robert a. freitas 
  jr., “pharmacytes: an ideal vehicle for targeted drug delivery,” 
  j. nanosci. nanotechnol. 6(september/october 2006):2769-2775. http://www.nanomedicine.com/papers/jnnpharm06.pdf

dentifrobots (and other dental nanorobots; 
  first cover story on medical nanorobotics ever published in a mainstream medical 
  journal)
          robert a. freitas 
  jr., “nanodentistry,” j. amer. dent. assoc. 131(november 
  2000):1559-1566 (cover story). http://jada.ada.org/cgi/reprint/131/11/1559.pdf
          images: http://www.foresight.org/nanomedicine/gallery/medical/dental.html

vasculoid (complete artificial vasculature)
          robert a. freitas 
  jr., christopher j. phoenix, “vasculoid: a personal nanomedical appliance 
  to replace human blood,” j. evol. technol. 11(april 2002):1-139. 
  http://www.jetpress.org/volume11/vasculoid.html

programmable dermal display 
  (comprehensive real-time personal medical monitoring system)
          robert a. freitas 
  jr., “macroscale outmessaging transducers,” nanomedicine, 
  vol. i. basic capabilities, landes bioscience, georgetown tx, 
  1999, section 7.4.6.7, pp. 204-206. http://www.nanomedicine.com/nmi/7.4.6.7.htm#p3
          images: http://nanogirl.com/museumfuture1/dermaldisplay.html 
  ..... video narrated 
  by author 

chromallocytes (chromosome exchange 
  therapy; first technical description of a cell repair nanorobot ever published)
          robert a. freitas 
  jr., “the ideal gene delivery vector: chromallocytes, cell repair nanorobots 
  for chromosome replacement therapy,” j. evol. technol. 16(june 
  2007):1-97. http://jetpress.org/v16/freitas.pdf
          images: http://www.stimulacra.net/portfolio/freitas_02.html
http://www.stimulacra.net/portfolio/freitas_01.html
         images: http://www.alcor.org/cryonics/cryonics0804.pdf 
  (cover art and page 6)
         animation: http://www.cg4tv.com/chromallocyte-cell-animation.html

whiskey machine (first technical 
  description of a diamondoid nanofactory for making a food product)
          robert a. freitas 
  jr., “the whiskey machine: nanofactory-based replication of fine spirits 
  and other alcohol-based beverages,” imm report no. 47, may 2016. 
  http://www.imm.org/reports/rep047.pdf

alzheimer protocols 
  (proposed complete cure for alzheimer's disease, involving several new nanorobot 
  classes)
          robert a. freitas 
  jr., “the alzheimer protocols: a nanorobotic cure for alzheimer’s 
  disease and related neurodegenerative conditions,” imm report no. 
  48, june 2016. http://www.imm.org/reports/rep048.pdf

cryostasis revival 
  (the first comprehensive conceptual protocol for revival from human cryopreservation, 
  using medical nanorobotics)
          robert a. freitas jr., 
   cryostasis revival, alcor life extension foundation, 
  scottsdale az, 2022; https://www.alcor.org/cryostasis-revival/. 

 
 

nanomedicine book site homepage last updated on 3 march 2022
 since 
  6 march 2003
 


