









somers bay cabins | lodging | flathead lake somers montana





















































406.857.3881
stay@somersbaycabins.com



facebook




instagram


 





facebook




instagram



 












home
cabins
area
events
book now
 





select page


  
 



 



 












vacation starts here
play. relax. repeat.











check availability







 welcome to  somers bay cabins, your gateway to flathead lake living.
 discover the true essence of montana at our thoughtfully crafted log cabins nestled in the charming town of somers, montana. immerse yourself in the beauty of our picturesque surroundings as you experience the best that montana has to offer. let us share with you the extraordinary montana lifestyle that is truly one-of-a-kind.







somers bay cabins: experience the ultimate getaway
indulge in the tranquility of somers bay cabins, where your dream vacation awaits. nestled amidst the serene natural beauty of our breathtaking surroundings, our cabins offer the perfect escape from the hustle and bustle of everyday life. immerse yourself in the refreshing ambiance, as you unwind and recharge in the privacy of your cozy cabin. each meticulously designed cabin boasts modern amenities and comforts, ensuring a seamless blend of luxury and rustic charm. whether you choose to embark on thrilling outdoor adventures or simply relax by the fire, our unparalleled hospitality will exceed your expectations. discover the perfect retreat at somers bay cabins and create memories that will last a lifetime.





take your vacation to the next level with somers bay cabins.
 our cozy retreat offers the perfect escape from the hustle and bustle of everyday life. nestled in the heart of nature, our cabins provide a serene and peaceful environment for you to relax and unwind. immerse yourself in the breathtaking beauty of the surrounding mountains and enjoy a variety of outdoor activities like hiking, fishing, and boating. with comfortable and well-appointed cabins, you’ll feel right at home during your stay. our friendly and knowledgeable staff are always ready to assist you and ensure that your experience with us is nothing short of exceptional. book your stay at somers bay cabins today and create memories that will last a lifetime.
somers bay log cabins lodging  has been providing memories to montana vacationers for over 20 years. located directly across from flathead lake in somers, montana and centrally located near all the best outdoor activities our valley has to offer.  from glacier national park, to jewel basin, herron park, legacy bike park, horseback riding and so much more. we look forward to having you as our guests at somers bay log cabins lodging.
















"sweet cabin by the lake"“really loved staying here. quiet, beautiful, well cared for cabins and grounds. fun to sit on the porch with a gorgeous view of the lake. close to other places to explore, a great home base. highly recommend staying here. very friendly staff who aim to please.”












cabins





our property consists of 7 cabins and can accommodate 22 guests in total.   our cabins are a mixture of king studio cabins, one bedroom cabins, and two bedroom cabins.  



our resort is a vaction rental resort.  this means that we do not have an office and all communication is done by either text or phone.
**sorry no pets allowed**





amenities

kitchenettes or kitchens (cabin 6)
stovetop burners or full range (cabin 6)
mini fridge/freezer or full size (cabin 6)
coffee, coffee pot, creamer, sugar
toaster
microwave
tea pot
cookware, dishware, glassware, utensils
private bbq grill
flatscreen television(s)
air conditioning / heat
electric fireplaces (cabins 12, 10, 7)
free wifi
bed & bath linens
montana made body soap
shampoo & conditioner
laundry facility 









 
image slide 6image slide 1image slide 2image slide 5image slide 6image slide 6cabin 6 -exteriorcabin 6 - - 1 of 2cabin 6 - - 2 of 2cabin 6 -2cabin 3 - 7 of 8cabin 3 -8 of 8cabin 5 exterior 2cabin 5  1 of 4cabin 10 - 3cabin 7 - 1 of 1 (1)cabin 7 - 1 of 1cabin 10 - 1cabin 5  4 of 4cabin 10 - 4 










learn more







location, location, location!

somers bay cabins, located in the charming town of somers, montana, offers a perfect location for your getaway. situated just a short drive away from the exciting attractions of the flathead valley and the finest restaurants in the area, our lodging is conveniently positioned right across from flathead lake. with downtown bigfork, kalispell, and lakeside only 10-15 minutes away, and glacier national park just a 45-minute drive from our cabins, you'll have easy access to all the adventure and natural beauty this region has to offer. after a day of exploration, unwind in the comfort of your cabin or on your private front porch, soaking in the breathtaking surroundings and views. discover the true essence of vacation, away from the confines of a hotel room.





outdoor activities
discover

event calendar
discover



food & drinks
discover

beer & wine
discover









somers bay cabins is where we welcome vacationers to enjoy the beauty of our state and valley. your experience is our top priority, from the comfort of our cabins to ensuring you have a memorable time with activities we recommend.
we kindly request that you show respect for our cabins, staff, fellow guests, the grounds, and the stunning valley surroundings.

always remember the montana way:leave no trace. be kind to all. be mindful. be courteous. don’t approach wild animals.










are you ready to vacation in montana?
book now














5496 us hwy 93 south
po box 447
somers mt 59932
(406) 857-3881
stay@somersbaycabins.com

















somersbaycabins
rustic log cabins across from flathead lake in somers, mt. providing a montana lodging experience since 1998.








driving back from a full day of adventures could p






driving around montana be like 😍

#montana #mon
 





just across the lake from the cabins is a true mon
 





montana winter at its best! 

book your cabin now 
 


 


load more






 follow on instagram










 











facebook




instagram


copyright 2022 | somers bay cabins | flathead lake lodging | somers montana 























