
















ghost town museum | colorado springs family-friendly attraction






















































719-634-0696history@ghosttownmuseum.com
hours & prices











 menuplan your visit
get here
our story
host an event
 






✕














 


 


 


 















welcome to ghost town museum




we’re committed to making the wild west accessible to families and visitors of the pikes peak region by offering an authentic western experience year-round at a great value. add ghost town museum to your vacation or staycation plans.










preserved town
our buildings and authentic artifacts were rescued from the pikes peak region and have been preserved indoors for generations to come.










hands-on activities
crank a butter churn. try your hand at our shooting gallery. play antique arcade games. pan for real gold in the summer!










gift shop
complete your wild west experience by visiting our gift shop, stocked with trinkets, treasures, and t-shirts for all ages.










gold panning
pan for real gold at ghost town museum! our extensive panning area is available from may to september (weather permitting) for no additional charge. we’ll show you how to pan like they did on the colorado frontier. experience the rush of striking gold like the wild west prospectors!






what folks are sayin’






unexpected surprise!
“we’ve roamed around a number old western towns and ghost towns through the years, but were very much surprised at how many authentic items this museum has. the collection is fantastic and creatively displayed inside of a building…you could almost imagine yourself in a john wayne movie.”






fun time
“turned back the clock to another era. great time with kids and seeing all the antiques on display. panning for gold was a hit with all the kids from 12 to 70!!”





mosey on over to ghost town museum





mosey on over


 plan your visit get here plan your visit get here















 ghost town museum
400 s 21st st
colorado springs, co 80904
719-634-0696
open year-round!
 



map & directions
hours
admission
learn
faq




buy tickets online
school groups
parties & events
coupon
privacy policy





facebook
x







                © 2024 ghost town museum. all rights reserved. website design by kettle fire 




































