



cross walker





schedule    bob's
testimony   newsletter    
press clips
after 20 years of 
full-time ministry, we are finally starting up
crosswalk university
go to
www.crosswalkuniversity.com to 
find out more








we are bob and cori hanus along with our son
        timothy.  we are missionaries to one of the most diverse countries
        in the world (the united states).  god allows us to evangelize the streets and teach evangelism in the
        churches.  "god did not command the lost to go to church,
        he commanded the church to go to the lost."  is your
        church effectively reaching the lost?  consider contacting us for an
        evangelism workshop at your church.  
 








we share the gospel by literally carrying a large
        wooden cross through the streets of north america passing out gospel
        tracts and praying with people for salvation that god puts in our path.
in the last 20 years, god has
        allowed us to "crosswalk" over 22,000 miles through more than
        1600 cities and towns all over north america.  this includes sharing
        the love of jesus with people in every state in the united states, canada and mexico.  check
        out our schedule page to see where we will be ministering next.  www.crosswalker.com/churches.htm
         














some of our annual outreaches include:  housing projects,
        harley-davidson motorcycle
        rallies, college campuses, spring break events, nascar races, the
        superbowl, nba games and other sporting events, shopping centers, truck stops,
        festivals and parades, the state capitols, washington, d.c.,
        and many cities and towns.  our speaking engagements include: 
        churches, television and radio programs, drug rehabs, jails, detention
        centers, schools, tent meetings, universities,
        youth groups, orphanages, nursing homes, halfway houses, homeless shelters, and many others.  
        all by invitation!  all glory to god! 








teaching evangelism through our evangelism
workshops and implementing outreach strategies for your
        community are what
        we enjoy the most.  it is awesome to evangelize.  however, it
        is more awesome to teach your church members to evangelize.  we
        have been blessed to see churches grow as a direct result of these
        evangelism workshops.  thank you jesus!  if your church is interested in
        learning evangelism please do not hesitate to contact us.    
        please,
        all speaking engagements must be requested by the
        person in
        authority of your church or ministry.   bob@crosswalker.com 







 
to contact us by mail:

bob and cori hanus
p.o. box 146
utopia, texas 78884or email:bob@crosswalker.com 




                               
 
 
