






iccj: iccj - iccj.org






















				martin buber house
			
				abrahamic forum
			
				jcr - jcrelations.net
			international council of christians and jews (iccj)
				iccj
			
				about us
			
						

		mission statement
	

					
						

		member organizations
	

					
						

		people
	

					
					

		martin-buber-house
	

				
	

		martin-buber-haus
	


					

		friends and sponsors
	

				
	

		freunde und förderer
	


						

		contact us
	

					
						

		support us
	

					
						

		legal notice
	

					
				activities
			
						

		conferences
	

					
						

		international abrahamic forum
	

					
				news
			
						

		news list
	

					
						

		newsletter registration
	

					
				resources
			
						

		iccj-statements
	

					
						

		seelisberg@75
	

					
						

		passion video series
	

					
					

		12 points of berlin
	

				
					

		a time for recommitment
	

				
	

		introduction
	


	

		point 1
	


	

		point 2
	


	

		point 3
	


	

		point 4
	


	

		point 5
	


	

		point 6
	


	

		point 7 and 8
	


	

		point 9
	


	

		point 10
	


	

		point 11
	


	

		point 12
	


	

		berlin document
	


	

		educational guide
	


						

		jcrelations.net
	

					 iccj declaration: rededicating ourselves to deepening interfaith relationshipstext available in english, french, german, hebrew, italian, russian, spanish members of the iccj executive board (elected june 2024) new: an educational resourcea time for recommitmentbuilding the new relationship between jews and christians iccj embraces ukraine martin-buber-house: iccj's headquarters in heppenheim, germany the demands of our time: an iccj statement on antisemitismpublished february 28, 2019 in english, french, german, slovacian, spanish, portuguese
			


	
			meet our members:
		

		the iccj serves as the umbrella organization of currently 34 national jewish-christian dialogue organizations world-wide. get to know our member organizatons!  
				
				our members
			
			


	
			 iccj news 
		

		
			01.02.2025
		jcrelations.net: february edition onlinenew articles are available on jcrelations.net: february contributions in english, german, french, spanish, and russian are online.
				read more
			
			03.01.2025
		jcrelations.net: january edition onlinenew articles are available on jcrelations.net: january contributions in english, german, french, spanish, and russian are online.
				read more
			
			31.12.2024
		greetings for 2025 from the iccj presidentnew year's greetings from iccj president rabbi dr david fox sandmel to all engaged in jewish-christian and interreligious dialogue.
				read more
			
			22.12.2024
		merry christmas and happy chanukkaas a contribution to this year's christmas and chanukkah celebrations all around the world the iccj vice-presidents katarzyna kowalska (poland) and benjamin kamine (usa), iccj's immediate past president liliane apotheker (france) and the iccj treasurer abi pitum (germany) offer video messages.
				read more
			
			22.12.2024
		suffering and hopereflections in a time of wars, enmities, and seasons of festivals of light offered by members of iccj's theology committee
				read more
			
			01.12.2024
		jcrelations.net: december edition onlinenew articles are available on jcrelations.net: december contributions in english, german, french, spanish, and russian are online.
				read more
			
			01.11.2024
		jcrelations.net: november edition onlinenew articles are available on jcrelations.net: november contributions in english, german, french, spanish, and russian are online.
				read more
			
			07.10.2024
		7th of octoberafter this difficult, painful, bloody year, we re-double our prayers and commitment to peace.
				read more
			
			01.10.2024
		rosh hashana 5785the iccj wishes to all those celebrating shana tova, a happy 5785, and invites all visitors of its website to read the high holiday greeting from the iccj president rabbi david fox sandmel.
				read more
			
			01.10.2024
		jcrelations.net: october edition onlinenew articles are available on jcrelations.net: october contributions in english, german, french, spanish, and russian are online.
				read more
			
			01.09.2024
		jcrelations.net: september edition onlinenew articles are available on jcrelations.net: september contributions in english, german, french, spanish, and russian are online.
				read more
			
			02.07.2024
		iccj welcomes a new president and executive boardat their 70th annual general meeting [agm] the iccj member organizations elected a new executive board for a tenure of three years. chaired by the new iccj president david fox sandmel the board took up its work immediately after the agm.
				read more
			
			


	
			iccj
		

		since 1947 the iccj has been successfully engaged in the historic renewal of jewish-christian relations. we promote understanding and cooperation between christians and jews based on respect for each other's identity and integrity. in more recent years we increasingly engaged in the abrahamic dialogue: the encounter between jews, christians and muslims.
			


	
			we need your support!
		

		
				
				donate
			
			


	
			subscribe to our newsletter!
		

		
				
				register now
			
			


	
			visit us on ...
		

		      facebook        youtube
					
							(c) iccj 2021
						
				
					
							contact us
						
				
					
							legal notice
						
				
					
							privacy statement
						
				back-to-top








