



medical malpractice | lawyers | attorneys | sacks & leichter





















































































medical malpractice attorneys


home
faqs
practice areas
our team
free consultation

firm policy
claims review



blog
contact us



toll free 1-800-529-9120















one of the few law firms where the lawyers are all doctors










no attorneys fees or costs unless a recovery is made!




call today
free consultation
(800) 529-9120



      about us

one of the few medical malpractice law firms in the united states where the lawyers are all doctors
over 20 years of practice in medical malpractice law
our lawyers are board certified or trained in various medical specialties with claims experience in internal medicine, gastroenterology, obstetrics and gynecology, and dental surgery
other well-respected law firms have consulted with our firm on medical malpractice cases involving serious injury
our law firm will consider medical malpractice claims that have been previously declined by other law firms
the advertisement of this website is co-sponsored by the independent law firm of grossman roth yaffa cohen, pa, miami, fl





medical malpractice attorneys- why contact us for a free consultation:
our medical malpractice lawyers are all doctors who have over 40 years of combined experience in law and medicine.
call now — free consult
representing victims of medical malpractice is one of the most sophisticated areas of the law because it involves an understanding of complex medical issues. by utilizing the medical and legal knowledge we have accumulated over the years, our law firm’s goal is to obtain the best possible results for our clients in each and every case we handle. most important, as a medical malpractice firm, we are dedicated to representing the injured in a sensitive and compassionate manner, with the attention, honesty, and integrity they deserve.
does your case call for a law firm with medical knowledge and experience?
if you feel that it does, and you or a loved one have been injured due to the malpractice or negligence of another, then please give us a call today for a free initial case evaluation with one of our doctor-lawyers, we can be reached (toll free) at 800-529-9120.
there are no attorneys fees or costs unless a recovery is made.
our law firm represents clients on a contingency fee basis meaning there are no attorneys fees or costs unless a recovery is made. we offer individualized attention and a candid assessment of your case based on our knowledge of law and medicine. to speak with one of our doctor-lawyers about your case, act now, and call us (toll free) at 800-529-9120.

free case evaluation form
click here

firm policy- privacy for clients regarding awards/settlements and case information
our doctor-lawyers represent victims of medical malpractice and nursing home abuse who have suffered serious or catastropic injuries. our firm’s policy is that our clients’ health care information and the amounts of their settlements/awards (if any) are treated as being private. out of respect for each client’s interest, we do not release information regarding the names of our clients with their case information to any electronic or print media. hopefully, you understand our commitment to protecting the privacy of our clients and their families.
call now — free consult



medical- legal

larry leichter, md, jd
attorney-physician
board certified in internal medicine / gastroenterology


jack sacks, dds, jd, llm
attorney-dental surgeon
dental surgery


medical records review 
independent physicians, nurses, and other medical personnel




free consult
(800) 529-9120




please enter your contact information below













we look forward to evaluating your medical malpractice case.  thank you.














practice areas

diagnosis errors
surgical errors
birth and brain injuries
cancer
heart attack
nursing home neglect
medication errors
drug product liability



case types

amputation cases
aneurysm cases
baby-newborn injuries
bed sores
blood clots
bowel obstruction
brain and spinal injuries
cancer cases
cauda equina syndrome
cerebral palsy



case types

defective drugs
diabetes
diagnosis errors
diaphragmatic hernia
erbs palsy-shoulder dystocia
failure to perform biopsy
fall injuries
foreign object left inside
fractures
genetic counseling



case types

high blood pressure
heart defects
hirschsprungs disease
hydrocephalus
infection-abscess-sepsis
laser treatment injuries
melanoma
meningitis
mesothelioma
oral cancer



case types

pacemakers
pain pumps
paralysis cases
pulmonary embolism
radiation errors
radiology errors
stevens johnson-ten 
stroke cases
surgical errors
treatment errors


copyright © 2025 /// website developed by visionfriendly.com law firm located in boca raton, florida
disclaimer: the reader should not consider this site or its information to be an invitation for an attorney-client relationship, nor does any transmission or submission to this site constitute the creation of an attorney/client relationship or any other type of relationship. the content contained in this site does not constitute legal or medical advice and is being provided solely as general information that does not apply to a specific factual or legal situation. this site assumes no liability for any errors or omissions, nor any warranty about the accuracy or reliability, regarding the content of this site. the lawyers mentioned herein are licensed to practice in the state of florida only. as such, replies to any inquiries originating from this website will be limited to florida law and incidents. we do not wish to represent anyone viewing this website in a state where this website fails to comply with all laws and ethical rules of the state. the reader should always seek the advice of competent counsel in the reader’s state. in representing its clients, the firm typically associates with another law firm which serves as joint and/or primary co-counsel in the litigation, with both firms maintaining joint responsibility. the online promotion of this website within the state of florida is co-sponsored by grossman roth yaffa cohen pa which has served as primary co-counsel to the firm's clients in several prior cases; however, as an independent firm they are not responsible on any client matters of the firm unless a formal written agreement of representation is signed by both firms and the respective client. results may vary from case to case and there is no guarantee or implication that reader's case will obtain a result similar to any other case.








 english


 chinese (simplified) english german italian spanish








