




local hotels - travel global, book local









localhotels.
travel global, book local

home
chat with ai
ai travel apps
add site/contact us










welcome to localhotels

we have been listing 
            local hotel booking companies, travel agents,
vacation rentals, hotels as well as national, regional, international hotel chains since 27 years.
            localhotels.com founded in 1998,
        
             helps facilitate direct contact between travelers and local travel agencies and hotels and will help you save hours of travel research.
            
            
            please enter the name of the country you would like to visit or check the list below for country list.


find local booking sites





qwen-max ai chat box for travel planning and more
you may also directly go to the chat page if you encounter a problem.



ask ai



the global companies such as booking, expedia are already known. how about checking local alternatives for your destination? in many countries, you will see excellent prices from major local travel booking sites. moreover, you will be dealing with a company at your destination. also, we list local hotel chains and hotels that provide direct booking on their websites with special promotions. we invite you to check alternatives.

as for the language barriers, you can use ai apps on your phone  like aiphoneai.
         

            
    

            hotels near me
            you may also find hotels in your area or around a particular attraction using services listed here
            are you looking for a hotel near you? then check  the page for the booking platform for the country you are in.

              
             
new travel destinations
            consider new travel destinations and get ideas for your next trip. 



            a new world, time for localhotels!
             for investors and travel companies )

             



content creators |
    legal |
    privacy |
    contact us
copyright 1998-2025 mk




