







lynn's landscaping inc. 











































0








        skip to content
      























lynn's landscaping inc. 


























open menu
close menu
























lynn's landscaping inc. 


























open menu
close menu

























































where your landscape dreams begin 














irrigationwater is life.all irrigation systems are designed to the highest level of performance and efficiency. we use the industry’s best design technology to ensure maximum water savings over the life of the irrigation system. 



drainagedrainage is part art and part science; we are skilled at balancing both. every drainage project has its own unique challenges, and we strive to discover that perfect sweet spot every time. some projects require grading and leveling and some just need a straightforward area drain to keep that low spot dry. 



landscape constructionthe ultimate of art, design and creativity. landscaping is where we really shine working with our customers dreams and making them a reality. we can design and create a unique backyard oasis or build your own private sanctuary from the world. no landscape project is to big so lets get the creative juices flowing and make your dream, reality. 

















lynn’s landscaping inc.we are a unique family owned and operated business operating in league city, texas. our founder, lynn gripon began our business in 1951 as a small lawn care business. with the joining of his son greg gripon they began growing lynn’s into the landscape design we are known for today. over the years, lynn’s developed many notable projects such as helens garden on main street. mission control at nasa and countless home gardens and tropical oasis’s. today lynn’s is owned by greg and latonnia gripon employing the finest minds in the industry to make every project perfect. additionally, in 2018, lynn’s branched off its onsite garden center to develop gripon gardens owned and operated by justin gripon which supplys both contractors and home gardeners the same. 




    explore classes
  
































































































“i strive every day to make the bay area a little more beautiful one project at a time.”















greg & latonnia griponowners



















start your project today by calling our design center for a free consultation.




    281-332-4651
  

















lynn’s landscaping inc. 



2060 pecan orchard rdleague city, texas 77573



281-332-4651ggripon@outlook.com











