

edms medical research





procarin resources












 











home
prokarin™ 

                  study
research
patient 

                  resources
pharmacies
insurance
contact





 







prokarin™ 

            was formerly known as "procarin". the revised spelling was 

            adopted to avoid potential conflicts with other existing trademarks.





 
 

prokarin™ research archive
 


 
 
 
 





how do i get prokarin™?
prokarin™ study
research
patient seminars
testimonials/links
doctor information





 
 
unfortunately prokarin is no longer available from most pharmacies, as the main component in prokarin is no longer being manufactured.  please call edms llc at 1-866-222-3367 to inquire about other options and to learn about further research that edms has been doing.
          
news release for new research points to histamine as an important link in ms treatment.
            please click for details.
edms, llc is a medical research company established 
              to review and research various health issues, conditions and diseases 
              and to apply the knowledge gained from this research to these subjects. 
              our goal is to find approaches to medicine and treatments that are 
            healthful and beneficial to patients.

			  elaine delack tells her story of being an ms sufferer herself and her
				development of prokarin in her book, "they said it didn't make 'cents'-ms the
				prokarin story".  you can read more about the book at www.msprokarinstory.com

			the prokarin story that played many times on "its a miracle" has landed on
you tube at this link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gidxmbpgam - part 1 and http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgdlo4u5ikq - part 2
to find out more please click on the video links below:
the myths of ms - part i
the myths of ms - part ii
the myths of ms - part iii
interviews: the power hour click here
 			                     
 			inside success radio click here

new research supports the potential of histamine, such as in prokarin, as an effective treatment for ms.
            
click here to download the document.




 



 


above 
                  left: 
                  a pharmacist assists others in compounding.
above right: elaine delack speaks at a recent seminar. 
                  




            disclaimer
the opinions, recommendations and contributed 
            articles contained on this website are not necessarily those of edms, 
            llc or endorsed by edms, llc. further, nothing on this website is 
            intended to offer medical advice for the treatment of illness or disease. 
            specific questions pertaining to the reader's medical condition and 
            appropriate care should be directed to the readers physician or other 
            health care professional. the information on this web site has not 
            been viewed or approved by the fda.
 








edms, llc

              17317 east lake goodwin road stanwood, wa 98292

              ph 425-870-9366

              fx 360-652-6199 e elaine.delack@gmail.com






 




