






library media project home page








 







macarthur 
    classics on dvd | cinema classics 
    on dvd | visual arts videos

issues of aging videos | health 
    videos | previous collections 
    | about us | our 
  funders  | contact us





 


 
 


 www

library 
          media project





when one door closes another one opens.
our work continues. please read on.the library media project closed our sunnyside avenue office on the last day of april 2007. for the past 19 years, beginning in 1988 as the macarthur foundation library video project, we have had the honor of assisting u.s. librarians with their media collection development
              on a wide range of important subjects.
we are continuing to work on securing funding for an urgently needed educational project on our environment and the climate crisis.  our new office location can be found on our contact page.if you have any questions, please email us at info@librarymedia.org
our mission is to foster the public discourse that is central to our democracy            one library at a time. 
thomas jefferson observed, "information is the currency of democracy". it is an honor to contribute to these thousands of "information banks" - our country's libraries located in communities, big and small and in between, in all of the 50 states.
it was our good fortune to work with thousands of dedicated librarians who vigilantly keep the doors to free, accessible information available for so many millions in our country.  their life's work is central to the very heart of our democracy: informed public debate. 
we have been honored to have worked with so many remarkable, innovative and thoughtful librarians. they are, and always will be, our heroes.
with luck, and funding from an angel or two, we'll be able to continue our workto foster critically important informed public discourse throughout america.









please take a moment to
    watch a brief 
    6-minute mini-history
of the library media project




 over
                 3,100 libraries across america have participated in our projects.
          these libraries serve over 209 million people.








alec anderson

pictured is young alec anderson, our favorite fundraiser, with his
          donation box at the corner of south university ave and east 56th street
          by the university of chicago.
           alec raised over $15 in donations of nickels, dimes, quarters, and
            even dollars, for the library media project. and people say this
            is a cynical world. not with alec in it. thank you, alec. and thanks
        to all of your kind donors in hyde park.
















macarthur
                  dvd collection 




cinema 
                  classics on dvd: collection curated by roger ebert



 the visual arts curated video 
                collection 
currently on
                moratorium 





watch 
                  a video about the library media project





macarthur foundation library 
              videos  






see 
                  what's available on 
our
ebay fundraiser





the 
                  issues of aging curated video collection





the 
                  health curated video collection





other 
                  previous curated video collections





who 
                  are we?



our 
                funders 




contact 
                  us




awards and links









constructing library core collections
 one
                 of our goals as the not for profit library
                 media  project was to assist librarians in the development
                 of media collections in public, academic and school libraries.
                 in turn, these
          diverse media
          collections created greater public access to information and education
          on a variety of subjects.
over the last
              eighteen years, the library media project established
              itself as a resource for authoritative collections of high quality
              film and video material for public libraries. over
              these years, we worked with more than 3,100 libraries that
              served 209 million people. we hoped to help construct
              bridges to the pluralistic cultures that make our society and our
              country so vibrant and interesting.

through
        these web pages we hope to share information, ideas, resources; and to
        assist in the general professional dialogue by creating a web-based discussion
        about the remarkable voices and visions of our independent film and videomakers.
 
please
          take a moment to view some of our offerings that were available to public,
           academic and school libraries during the operational years
           of the library media project.
mary kirby,
        executive director





macarthur 
              foundation library video classics and the macarthur library videos




the macarthur 
               dvd collection. dvd selections from the original macarthur
              video classics and macarthur library projects. 



cinema
                     classics on dvd curated by a member of our advisory
                     board, roger 
              ebert. 



the visual
                       arts curated video collection. 



view a 
              short video to learn more about the library media project



 
              it's fun! 
drop 
              in often to see what's available. happy bidding! 



issues 
              of aging: a previous
              curated video collection



health: 
              a previous curated video collection



native 
              american and latino: previous 
              curated video collections








 to 
                purchase books on 
                all of these subjects, please visit our associates at
                 ,
                and be sure to take a look at our suggested 
                
                reading list for the issues of aging. 









macarthur 
    classics on dvd | cinema classics 
    on dvd | visual arts videos

issues of aging videos | health 
    videos | previous collections 
    | about us | contact 
    us
 




copyright 1996, 2001, library media project, 1807 w. sunnyside, 
          #2a, chicago, il 60640 
questions, comments about this web site? e-mail: webweaver@librarymedia.org








