

janes village homepage






























welcome to



- a 
      traditional janes cottage on terrace street
"the 
        goal of the residents of janes village is to celebrate the unique character 
        and architectural significance of homes built by elisha p. janes and to 
        foster a sense of community within this historic area."
janes 
        village is a neighborhood in northwest altadena, california, (where 
        is janes village?) designated in 2002 as an "altadena heritage 
        area" by altadena heritage. this designation was bestowed upon the 
        area because of the unique architectural and historical character of the 
        homes of this area which were largely designed and built by elisha (e.p.) 
        janes between 1924 and 1926.

janes village site links

where is janes village?
is mine a janes home?
contact information
join our e mail group
useful resources
janes village files
pictures of the homes
janes village history
neighborhood signs
community meetings
newsletter
when is the ribbon cutting?
where can i buy souvenirs?
real estate in janes village
 

news:
        house hunters comes to janes village!
 
showtimes: 
episode aired thursday march 10th on hgtv 
of course the buyers chose a janes cottage! our very own michael baietti helped them in their search. the writers and producers loved finding out about our neighborhood and came back to film some more footage of other janes cottages, inside and out. click here for information about house hunters. 
click here for information about this specific episode.
 new historical detail found about the 
            opening of janes village!
click here 
        to read tim gregory's updated history 
mr. gregory found an interesting article 
        in the archives of the los angeles examiner from october 25th, 
        1925 which tells of a "small home exposition" sponsored by businessmen 
        of altadena. there are two great pictures from the exposition, one of 
        which prominently features the homes at 303 & 297 altadena dr.
click 
        here to see the los angeles examiner 
        article (pdf)
click here to see e.p. janes original advertisement - you won't believe the original cost of a janes cottage!
click here for a second, smaller ad 

"janes village is a unique capsule 
          of the 1920's. i congratulate the residents for working together to create 
          this identity for the neighborhood."

        michael d. antonovich
        los angeles county supervisor, fifth district
click 
        here for information on our 2002 ribbon cutting



our newsletter  name and tag 
      line! 
janes village news - preserving the 
        past for a better future
click here 
        for all the details of our naming competition.
 
new - janes cottage web tour!
click 
        here for the site
one of the finest janes cottages went up for sale in 2006 and a web site was built to aid the sale of this fabulous home. this web site features numerous photographs of the home and gives a great idea of some of the unique features of these historic homes.

 






 





 
 


