










home - delaware county




































































































 

 










skip to content















search





facebook
twitter
youtube



 


















governmentexpand


legislative
judicial
elected
appointed
municipalities
state
federal


departments
education
live/work/playexpand


residents
businesses
visitors


 





















delaware county





toggle menu


































 




delaware county hazard mitigation plan


stream corridor management












read about the latest
announcements
notice of public hearing local law intro. no. 1 of 2025 delaware county occupancy tax law for lodging establishments and short-term rentals
delaware county notice to bidders – gravel
delaware county notice to bidders – asphalt

view previous announcements





legal notices
request for proposal




let’s solve problems
how can we help you …


departmentsthe departments and agencies of providing services under the direction of the legislative body.


eventsonline calendar of county functions, scheduled events and meetings.


employmentcurrent job opportunities maintained by the personnel department.





municipalitiestowns and villages within the county.


mediacounty webcams, videos and pictures.


online servicesservices, information, documents, and forms provided online.




board of supervisorsmembers of the legislative body serving on the board.


board meetingsboard meeting calendar.


board minutesofficial record of the board of supervisors meetings.




committees of the boardcommittees exercise supervisory authority on behalf of the legislative body over the operational of specific services.


committee meetingsboard committee meeting calendar.




schedule pdf





committee minutesofficial record of the committee meetings.




budgetsincome and expenditures for capital, equipment, and operations.


local lawlaws passed by the board of supervisors.


public hearing minutesofficial record of public hearings where the public has opportunity to provide input on important legislative matters.








board of supervisors



chair of the board


meet your government
working for the residents of delaware county
let’s go







1,467 square miles of beauty
don’t just take our word for it








need help
can we provide you with assistance?
i’m ready




















separated from the state of pennsylvania by the delaware river, delaware county is the largest and most western of the four counties in the catskill mountains.  gentle mountains, river valleys and reservoirs offer hunting, fishing, canoeing, kayaking, skiing, snowshoeing, snowmobiling, horseback riding, hiking and more.
 





delhi ny weather

 





 

111 main streetdelhi, ny  13753
607-832-5000


 













official site county of delaware ny.  © 2025.  all rights reserved.
 










 
scroll to top
scroll to top
 













governmenttoggle child menuexpand


legislative
judicial
elected
appointed
municipalities
state
federal


departments
education
live/work/playtoggle child menuexpand


residents
businesses
visitors


 
























 




toggle menu close
 




search for:



search
 




