


northern thunder drag racing
























latest news:

the big news over the weekend was obviously the scag power equipment pro superstar shootout happening at bradenton, fl. there were 37 nhra pro racers in attendance and 
they put on quite an impressive show for the packed grandstands over the five days of the event. for the racers, there were a total of ten time trial sessions over the first 
two and a half days, followed by four qualifying sessions for the next day a half. then a full day of eliminations with three rounds for the fuel cars, and four rounds for the 
pro stock contingent. all tolled, it added up to a possible 17 or 18 runs for the week. that's a heckuva lot of testing for those teams and should have them ready 
to hit the ground running in four weeks time at the season opening amalie motor oil nhra gatornationals.
on sunday, at gainesville raceway, just 167 miles north of bradenton, there was a bracket race running. the big news out of that event was the debut test session for the new 
2025 camaro-bodied bartone, boggs & bellemeur top alcohol funny car. in a major departure from what they've been running for the past decade, there was an injected nitro 
motor under the body. to say the results were encouraging would be the understatement of the century as they vaporized the best numbers ever recorded in a top alcohol fc by a 
bunch. check out the report on the "what's new" page.
in other news, our old friend, larry pfister, is preparing to embark on a 50th anniversary pfister pfoto tour around north america. first stop will be the world series of 
pro mod at bradenton at the end of february, followed by the funny car chaos classic at the texas motorplex at the beginning of april. many, many more stops will be announced as 
the season goes on, but he's indicated that he'll be at our home track, mission raceway park, for the nhra west regional event in mid-june and the door warz 13 race two weeks later. 
it should be quite a year for mr. pfister and we'll be following his progress with great interest.

site last updated - tuesday, february 11, 2025

all images, text and logos on this site are the property of their respective copyright holders
unless otherwise stated, all contents © 1998 - 2025 by wilson motorsport marketing
no content, photographic or written, on this website is generated by any form of ai (artificial intelligence)






