


pre rain man autism





























	               pre rain man autism
	               
figured out autism is the next 1000 chapters in psychology. once we learn the picture thoughts that happen during the lack of eye contact, normal thoughts result. we build on the work of temple grandin and we missed rain man 's curse. autism is both mrdd and einstein and even social functioning people



about me

name:  pre rain man autism 
location:  columbus, ohio, united states 
inventor of the turing motor a 70% efficient green triple hybird autstically designed car motor. there are at least 200 more autisitc people like me, that function very well and  modern autism will not own up to us. we connect mr/dd to einstein and real life. we missed rain man's curse (thankfully)

 the turing motor is green has no up and down moving parts and will get a reasonable car 90 mpg.  it is the motor ford and mercedes would have built if they understood their own. it is autistic obession and splinter skills all figured out!
view my complete profile













really ,seriously, sincerely is there and anthr...
best autism explanation ever.
from the yahoo answers web site
dear reader's 
i f...
the prototye ready to be built.
my son doesn't have autism j mccarty
finally, alan turing "forgiven by the queen"
dear reader's  

i have sold some books here of la...
memories and time warp thanks betty blosser
generation rescue news letter
speaking of corporate ignorance, american freight....





february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
june 2009
july 2009
august 2009
september 2009
october 2009
november 2009
december 2009
january 2010
february 2010
march 2010
april 2010
may 2010
june 2010
july 2010
august 2010
september 2010
october 2010
november 2010
december 2010
january 2011
may 2011
june 2011
august 2011
november 2011
january 2012
february 2012
march 2012
may 2012
july 2012
october 2012
december 2012
january 2013
february 2013
march 2013
april 2013
september 2013
december 2013
january 2014
february 2014
march 2014
march 2015
november 2015










monday, november 02, 2015






really ,seriously, sincerely is there and anthropologist in the house?
a letter to the anthropology department at ohio state university.

the ohio state university                                                                           nov. 1 ,2015

department of anthropology

4034 smith laboratory
174 w. 18th avenue
columbus oh, 43210-1106

　

rich schull

760 thomas ave.

 columbus, ohio 43223  richturing@yahoo.com 


dear reader’s

i am part of an unstudied mostly unidentified worldwide group of people that met online only to discover we have done the impossible; over come the impossible. if our anthropology were to be studied and the information harvested we could answer nearly every question mankind has been trying to conquer for centuries.  we came up from the bottom of the gene pool in  terms of our minds, we use the long hand version of human thought, and physically, we have very primitive bodies. sadly, we are self discovered and have no way to break threw peer review as what we discovered has never been in a text book before. various disciplines have a bit of this and that figured out but, they generally have the wrong end of the stick. again once our information is (if ever) published it will be self evident and the missing link in a lot of ways. 

the biggest factor in our non discovery is that now dirty word :autism.  contemporary post rain man autism has redefined our beloved condition to something a little  less than a circus act. since our anthropology builds on the work of temple grandan the highest functioning person they will own up to, they will not admit to us.  we all were diagnosed to the tighter autism standard, pre rain man. most of us are gay or transgender ,modern autism will not give us the time of day.  we have all learned the long hand version of human thought and that has never been in a text book before. we all learned normal short cut thoughts like you use and think are normal . that alone is why normal thinkers have never figured out human thoughts. worse yet the human mind is not the pretty marvel of super intelligence we like to think it is. 

further more our autistic bodies don’t register pain unless it is 7 and above on the pain scale. most of us have endured a hip leg issue that kept us from running or doing sports and now is very painful. since we never felt pain our doctor exams came back ok and most of us were just passed off as special education retards and thus to stupid to do any thing physical. in reality we have some sort of hip defect. some of us have it on the right others on the left. still others in the anthropology have no leg issues but clearly have the pain tolerance. today we have stories of walking from car wreaks ’unhurt’ near death experiences from simple infections that got out of control and we never felt it. 

no matter what country we are from or language we speak we all tell the same story ignorant of each other. we all came up with the same long hand thoughts that start below 123 and the abc’s .these are einstein thoughts. once we learned them the normal thought - the short cut thoughts you call normal develop and we can now think like you.  these thoughts explain every detail of the human mind internally at least. they explain the genius , the serial killer ,the ocd , the narcissistic person, the normal person and more.  if they are mapped out they would add 1000’s of pages to the psychology books. if our pain tolerance was figured out and copied in a pill some drug company would be the richest drug firm on earth and more importantly it might make a wonderful pain killer for those that need it. 



we are approximately 200 strong live all over the globe. most of us do pretty well in life and drive and hold traditional jobs.  many of us harbor a super skill or special gift in line with our autistic obsession we eventually grew out of.  i realize anthropology has never really dealt with a living population but you might be our only hope ‘mankind’s ‘only hope to discover the obvious.  i realize you might be very hesitant  to even respond to this for a variety of reasons. but at the very least please keep us in mind and pass along this information to any ‘rouge’ person , profession or discipline, that might be interested in our discovery. 

sincerely, rich schull 

posted by pre rain man autism | 9:21 am
       |
         0 comments
 




thursday, march 05, 2015



                      	 
                      	 best autism explanation ever. 
	                       
                          


autism makes so much sense when figured out, sadly even the best 'expert' doesn't have a clue. autism is simply a different kind of human thought process where our optic vision=lack of eye contact is automatically turned off while our brains attempt to think in pictures (something like your day dream). we start school learning something different from 123 and the abc's. we have to figure it out on our own it has never been in a text book . autism is the long hand version of human thought and it reaches down into the depth of the mind further than contemporary research has ever been. once we figure it out we come up with the same short cut thoughts you use also known as normal thoughts. normal thought that even the best researcher uses are short cut thoughts thus that explains why autism is still a puzzle to everyone and why so many human conditions never improve. humans are not smart enough to be dumb but they are dumb enough to be smart. 

while our optic vision is off we miss social clues , face expressions ,can't catch a ball and just like we were blind, our hearing goes in hyper mode. that explains our odd social behavior. our optic vision and brain generated vision flow interchange in our minds eye so easily we don't even realize it our selves instantly. once we learn the picture thoughts and how to control them and use them the normal thoughts you use become our standard to. again, normal thoughts are short cut thoughts and no one realizes we are not as humans working to full potential . indeed autism figured out is einstein. 

finally, i can see where the best of ideas and ideals like this explanation of autism and other vital questions facing mankind will never be solved . humans just don't have (or use) the full knowledge base of their minds to see how ridiculous we are. we really do only think with the proverbial 1/2 a deck of cards. i grew up in the 1960's and missed rain man's curse and like 100's more like me we figured out autism and all tell the same story ignorant of each other. contemporary autism players jump threw hoops to keep us hidden. temple grandin is the highest functioning person they will admit to and we build on her work and take it to the threshold of normal thought. the main reason why they try to ignore us is we figured out what the experts didn't and since we came up from the bottom of the gene pool we naturally have no creditability ,even worse since no one in the field has had thoughts like ours they really think we are full of something.

reply 



natalie 3 hours ago 

0 

1 

now this is what the internet can be good for. beautifully put. thank you. reminds me of how scientists have finally come to admit defeat against all matters of healing the mind, after years of big pharma anti-depressants and other medicines geared to fix matters above the neck.....they have changed little to nothing. i suppose this need to keep pushing that rock up the mountain, even if you know it will fall back down, and is most likely hopeless, is also a human condition. 


from rich  i commented on a yahoo feature page on inhaled drugs and autism behavior with this comment. the reply from someone i don't know or never met is priceless.   

posted by pre rain man autism | 7:48 am
       |
         0 comments
 




sunday, march 23, 2014



from the yahoo answers web site
dear reader's 
i found and sent a response to this question and attached a copy below . i feel so sorry for those twins and anyone stranded in the hoopla of contemporary autism. the experts of autism unknowingly miss the real simple things like the autism pain tolerance. the pain tolerance among many things used to be common knowledge in autism circles and our life was better when it was at least part of the equation. today , modern autism just assumes we (autistic's) are too stupid to feel pain and honestly many providers just see us in a group home as a pay check. it is easy to be the 'expert' in autism if you have no serious peer review or will listen to those of us that have been there and done that.   sadly most of us that figured out autism realize it is just a thought process that has never been in a book before and at one end it is einstein and the other it is mr/dd. since no expert of any stipe has done what we have done and unknowingly thinks in short cuts the autism impasse is here to stay.



''what could be wrong with my twin? 


follow publicly 

follow privately 


my fun loving twin with aspergers syndrome is trying to hide his physical pain.if i catch him he insist i didn't.and resorts to smiles and fits of laughter the way he usually is,entertaining, baking, being quirky etc.when when he thinks no one is watching he curls up in pain and coughs blood.he's admitted to me that he feels like he's sun burned all over but feels freezing at the same time. his body is sore.just brushing against him is painful for him. says his brain keeps zapping him. 

i share the fever symtoms, headache and hot and cold part.or maybe that's just a twin thing.regardless, he's having it more extreme.it was kinda of depressing talking to our therapist. im not used to seeing my redhead twin so dead (my hair is a boring black).he only admitting to the therapist that he's tired n tired of ppl, n for weeks now.he love's our therapist.he kind of fears doctors and doesn't want anyone to worry.we're already worried. my twin n i both don't like the md, as she doesn't do anything.i want to tell our therapist instead about his brain zaps and his sleeping for like 18 hours+ without me being able to wake him up. 

pets would miss him, as he's the only 1 they'll sleep on.we're both 19, parents uninvolved.should i respect my twins wishes? is this normal for autistic ppl? it would be helpful to at least kind of have a sense of what the therapist might do.twin just sits under a blanket like a canary all day,and that's probably how he's going to be next time our t,he sees us. ...show more ""



rich s answered just now 

dear reader ,,,, you (both) have the autism pain tolerance, you only feel 7 and above on the pain scale. that means your hidden from the ills of your body. contemporary autism forgot or simply doesn't know of this condition and in cases like this modern medicine is just flabbergasted when we present with wild symptoms. he could be suffering from something like appendix issues and not feeling enough pain to know what is hurting or where it is hurting in his body 

i am old autism missed rain man's curse and as such got to experience the real world as have 200 more like me. we do to much of a life to suit contemporary autism so they ignore us. as for the pain we walk from car crashes 'unhurt' to discover serious injuries. simple little things like being lactose intolerant ( being allergic to dairy products) presents like stomach cancer. in other words the simple presents horrible. our autism hero alan turing 1912-1954 ran marathons with out 'the wall' do his pain tolerance. 

on wikipedia look up congenital insensitivity to pain. 

on my webpage autism pre rain man autism look in the search bar aspie x ray's and see a needle in my foot i never felt! 
find this at http://prerainmanautism.blogspot.com 

good luck to  both of you . rich shull





posted by pre rain man autism | 8:38 am
       |
         1 comments
 




wednesday, february 12, 2014



                      	 
                      	 the prototye ready to be built. 
	                       
                          


the starting and finishing touch on the turing motor. 


 inventor’s often claim picture thought as a big aid in our creativity. i make the same claim. below is a quote from tesla concerning his picture thoughts and how it related to his inventions.  picture thought is far more than a day dream it is an entire different version of human thought. it is the long hand version of human thought .if any ‘experts’ in psychology knew it di vinci and lots of others would be figured out by now.  our gift of picture thought is entirely exclusive to us and will never be appreciated by the common person . the common person indeed thinks in a different short from of human thought. sadly this common thought is just that common and too often too shortsighted to allow man to advance. even worse if mankind were to sit down and listen to us they would often be talking to a “retarded” person or at the least  a very odd geek. of course, people of this caliber just can’t possibly explain the special thought we posses that is the job of the ‘experts’ that know psychology and the mind so well, the very people that assure many of us get into special education or a group home. often they are not happy until we are there. 

for those of us making it threw the hurdles of life and being able to describe our inventions and ideas they fall on a horribly un receptive audience of common people (aka,experts)  that one don’t understand our idea and two simply close their mind as we are usually absent a degree or other accolades necessary to be an official inventor. for sure the human mind in general is not noted for its broad range of thinking and flexibility. if a person is able to think out of the box i applaud them  but even those happy hearts will get shoved back in the box by the very peer review ’designed’ to promote new and bold ideals.   

well for the record the turing motor is ready for the prototype . this motor is designed from the flame of combustion backwards. it is designed to use every drop of fuel to the fullest extent possible . the motor fires and unlike everything else on the market today that instantly open the exhaust valve and lets all that heat and energy out of the tailpipe the turing motor keeps on using the energy until it is used up.  mix the turing motor with hybird technology and let it start and idle on compressed air and it will be a green earth companion. the turing motor  promises to be very powerful. now, weather it passes the court of public opinion remains to be seen and no matter how good it is.  like president obama  being an excellent president there are many stick in the muds like fox news types that will assure  the turing  motor will get a messy start up.  human nature is that messed up it will not allow for a good idea to prosper.  i might have designed a very novel motor but i did not come up with a cure for human stupidity. until someone does come up with a cure for stupid mankind will be enslaved to fox news and preachers.       

　

　

　

　

from the web! "stumble upon" an old world childhood


as a youth, tesla exhibited a peculiar trait that he considered the basis of all his invention. he had an abnormal ability, usually involuntary, to visualize scenes, people, and things so vividly that he was sometimes unsure of what was real and what imaginary. strong flashes of light often accompanied these images. tormented, he would move his hand in front of his eyes to determine whether the objects were simply in his mind or outside. he considered the strange ability an affliction at first, but for an inventor it could be a gift.



tesla wrote of these phenomena and of his efforts to find an explanation for them, since no psychologist or physiologist was ever able to help him. "the theory i have formulated," he wrote much later, is that the images were the result of a reflex action from the brain on the retina under great excitation. they certainly were not hallucinations, for in other respects i was normal and composed. to give an idea of my distress, suppose that i had witnessed a funeral or some such nerve-wracking spectacle. then, inevitably, in the stillness of the night, a vivid picture of the scene would thrust itself before my eyes and persist despite all my efforts to banish it. sometimes it would even remain fixed in space though i pushed my hand through it. (tesla, my inventions: my early life. electrical experimenter; february 1919)

posted by pre rain man autism | 4:25 pm
       |
         0 comments
 




monday, january 06, 2014



                      	 
                      	 my son doesn't have autism j mccarty
	                       
                          

rich 8 hours ago 

5  

4  


                    autism is both mr/dd and einstein. autism is nothing more than long-hand version of human thought. this thought process thinking in pictures has never been in a text book before and autistic people like me learned it on our own by trial and error.(we missed rain man's curse) obviously  autism was never taught to us.  once the autism thoughts are learned they short cut to normal thoughts- yes your normal thoughts. that means humans think in short cut thoughts and don't know it. that goes a long way in explaining why autism is such a puzzle.   if autism guru's and experts ever figure out autism they will discover the next 1000 chapters in psychology  . they will among other things see where the einstein part comes in to effect ,how humans form words and thoughts. sadly human thought is not at all advanced and its discovery will lead research down the scale of evolution to a point humans never dreamed of.                 

more


collapse replies (2)                     reply                  




 


shellybean 7 hours ago 
0  

1  



                        i completely agree with you rich! sometimes i don't understand my daughter's thought process but when i finally do get it, i'm completely blown away! she thinks about things in such detail and complexity and she is only 13 years old.                     

more








 


roadman 7 hours ago 
0  

0  



                        sometimes the "long hand version" is like going from cleveland to chicago via new orleans.  sure there may be a lot of nice things along the way (to nola); but if the goal is chicago, it is not at all efficient. 








posted by pre rain man autism | 7:47 pm
       |
         0 comments
 




monday, december 23, 2013



                      	 
                      	 finally, alan turing "forgiven by the queen" 
	                       
                          

although, this honorable achievement has finally happened "100's of years too late"  i am sure alan would be relieved to some degree. i am also glad mankind has progressed to the point where things  of this nature don't happen in many societies today ,but still there is progress to made worldwide. glbt is still a crime in too many places in the world. 

i wonder if deep down inside alan really knew how slighted he was? if he was the picture thinker i think he was he was probably more worried of the next advancement of the turing machine  he had figured out than being socially conscious  of the nasty points of life that everyone else seen and judged him by.  sex is a naturally occurring point of life and some people are attracted to someone  the rest of society sees as odd. if alan had been straight the world at large would have known of him instantly as huge larger than life hero he was.  he would have been one of the key players in ww ii specifically ending it.  he had all kinds of security clearance and even  met with churchill and roosevelt in person.  

picture thinkers like us have an entirely different point of view than most people. our optic vision turns off and then to explain it words you understand we start to daydream-thus the thinking in pictures. our daydreams -picture thoughts are much more than a typical daydream you have. these picture thoughts can be entire engineering studies, a brilliant idea, a complete system of picture thoughts. if only we could water these thoughts down to small enough bits the average person could understand we will have solved the worlds troubles.  sadly even the best and smartest and most learned people that run our think tanks, universities and most respected companies are just more lucky than really smart. normal smart as in the best a traditional person can do is pretty good but our picture thoughts dwarf all of theirs. 

the reason picture thinkers don't rule the world is pretty simple we have few people that understand our thought system. it is very hard to come off as einstein when you are einstein. first off the idea we need to present is just too complicated ,to different ,to odd to even be given more than a smirk or out right laugh by a common person. no matter how good our ideas and ideals they are just too far off center to pass public muster.  then no one even the psychologist has ever learned our simple picture thoughts that were naturally occurring in our lives -these are the building blocks of the human mind and have never graced a psychology text book. when we learned our thought system finally we were shocked to discover humans -normal humans, think in short cuts. when we learn the key to your short thoughts we can actually start to blend in to society.  there is just too much natural impasse to ever overcome the 'common is what common does' that it will take many more generations before mankind actually knows the nitty gritty of his mind.  do you realize most conversations humans do can be called the 99 conversation humans have?  really no matter how new and novel we think we are in terms of speech and communication  we only really do the same thoughts over again and again.         
well , still i am delighted for alan's reputation being cleared , i hope other picture thinkers like us  learn how to do the social bit of life with a bit more charm. we must realize we need to charm people not  tell them our obvious as our obvious is not their obvious and indeed our thoughts are just too complicated to be believed let alone digested. even when we do get our ideas going like carl strandland of lustron homes  or  demming the father of the good assembly line (kicked out of detroit)  our good ideas often step on too many toes.  the lumber industry killed the lustron  homes and demming's assembly line idea worked very well and toyota was one of the first to partake of his idea. 

meanwhile my hero alan turing still inspires me to this day form our painless injuries to our picture thoughts autism is a blessing and a curse and if we can ever crack the code of the common man we will share the keystone thoughts of man's mind with man but; i fear the disappointment of the thoughts being less than man  expected would be most discouraging.  perhaps we are better off just being 'stupid human'?     

rich shull on the blog pre rain man autism.  solstice 2013  


posted by pre rain man autism | 8:29 pm
       |
         0 comments
 




sunday, september 01, 2013



dear reader's  

i have sold some books here of late, thank you if you purchased one.  if you would like i will send you a signature tag you can place in your copy.  please remember the book was a very odd in so many ways.  6oo and some were sold  400 plus were returned.  the book is awful but it was the best i can do.  please e mail me via this blog and i will snail mail your sticker. 

i am working on the new version of autism pre rain man autism with the simple message autism is nothing more than the long hand version of human thought. thing is has never been in a text book before. autism is mr/dd and einstein if figured out. 

best  rich

posted by pre rain man autism | 3:47 pm
       |
         0 comments
 








 
		  		














