
















front page | government of bermuda









      skip to main content
    





[ x ]discover bermuda’s stories: tune in to citv for government updates, cultural heritage, and inspiring programming!













government of bermuda





submit



























contact us










          home
        

          residents
        

          business
        

          government
        

          coming to bermuda
        

          online services
        

          news
        
main





          contact us
        












submit









home


residents


business


government


coming to bermuda


online services


news

main
















welcome to the government of bermudathe place to find government information and services. 




















i am looking for...



throne speech
measles
education reform - frequently asked questions
vehicle permits and fees
bermuda general licences
treatment centres for substance abuse
bermuda contributory pension fund actuarial review






i want to...



search for government jobs
flu vaccine consent
stay informed with the registry of companies updates
breastfeeding friendly designation campaign
import insects
get a periodic work permit
project ride enrollment






quick links...departments and ministriesalerts: active | busgovernment boards and committeescareers in public service bermuda citizens forumcommunity eventsgovernment contractsministers travel calendarofficial gazettegovernment of bermuda organizational chart




printer-friendly version









 

driving and transportation



bus fares
bus zones and transfers
lost items on public transport…




 

doing business in bermuda



receiving payments from the go…
paying taxes and bills
how to get a work permit




 

reports and statistics



the bermuda census
the consumer price index
bermuda economic statistics 




 

public safety and law



what to do in an emergency
rules for visiting inmates
how to avoid and report scams




 

our government



history of the attorney-genera…
government boards and committe…
how the government of bermuda…




 

laws and regulations



copyright protection
copyright tribunal hearings
guidelines for radioactive equ…








latest news





previous


pause


next







 
bermuda welcomes first cruise ship 
friday, february 14th, 2025
the first cruise ship of the year arrived in bermuda today. the spirit of discovery, arrived at heritage wharf at 8 am this morning and is scheduled to depart at 7 am on…




 
school leaders and ministry meet on plans for senior schools 
friday, february 14th, 2025
the ministry of education has today advised that, at the request of the principals of cedarbridge academy, the berkeley institute, and sandys secondary middle school, the acting…




 
sexual and reproductive health awareness week - let's empower bermuda 
friday, february 14th, 2025
this week is sexual and reproductive health awareness week which provides an opportunity to advise the public on the importance of sexual and reproductive health and the related…




 
government advances st george’s swing bridge project with repairs and new bridge plans 
friday, february 14th, 2025
“we have been working with these plans since 2017, after inheriting the initial designs from the previous administration,” stated minister of public works, lt. col. the hon.…




 
bermuda carnival press conference 
thursday, february 13th, 2025
minister of tourism, culture, and sport, owen darrell, hosted a press conference to announce the government's support for the 2025 bermuda carnival.
minister darrell highlighted…





01234


visit the newsroom
















for general enquiries, contact usfollow us:    








          pati
      



          privacy
      



          departments and ministries
      





bermuda government emergency broadcast station





          © 2024 government of bermuda
        






















