



american buddha: "believe nothing based merely on tradition, scripture, 
or faith in a teacher"








home    
            site map    
            bulletin board    
            site search

american buddha

            "believe nothing based merely on tradition, scripture, or faith in a 
            teacher"

            ________________________________________________________________________________________


may 
            26, 2020
the absent 
            oxonian -- musings on trungpa's faux academic credentials & why so 
            few cared to inquire
             

by charles carreon
            may 26, 2020
what’s the 
            difference between a foreign accent and an exotic one? chogyam 
            trungpa knew. he claimed to have an “oxonian accent,” acquired 
            during his “matriculation” at oxford college. at least that’s how 
            diana, the first of trungpa’s eight wives, put it in her 

            dragon thunder memoir, that details her maturation from 
            child bride into den mother of a global cult devoted to the worship 
            of her man, during a breathless two decades that passed in a whirl 
            of booze, ménages-of-however-many, producing children from multiple 
            unions who were uniformly recognized as reincarnated tibetan saints 
            and tossed to the winds.
well, not the 
            winds, precisely. diana’s children, whether sired by trungpa or 
            mitchell levy, trungpa’s close disciple, were cared for by devotees 
            who treated them like born spiritual athletes –- asking them for 
            spiritual advice, deferring to their presumed wisdom, etc. this did 
            not do them much good, since they were mostly bemused by the 
            unearned respect from clueless buddhists, and didn’t take to the job 
            of
            
            pretending to be founts of eastern wisdom. diana certainly 
            taught them little enough, while she sought shelter from domestic 
            chaos by jetsetting from one horsey event to another, buying 
            dressage horses with donor funds as the natural right of 
            ecclesiastical royalty.
as for her 
            much-declared devotion to her husband, diana greased the skids to 
            trungpa’s grave, enabling his sordid fate –- death by self-induced 
            coma due to drug abuse and organ failure -- one more rock star 
            sucked dry by the
            
            american celebrity-killing machine. harsh as the assessment 
            seems, evidence for it can be found on every page of dragon 
            thunder, that has some of the candor that only the truly 
            dissolute can exhibit. their goalposts have moved so far, their 
            judgment is faulty –- they can’t quite see when they’re confessing 
            to scandal.
this poor judgment 
            can lead to over-embellishing a cherished myth, as diana did when 
            she claimed that trungpa “matriculated” at oxford college in 
            dragon thunder. because that is a fact subject to verification 
            or disproof, and i have obtained documents that disprove it, and i 
            will share them with the reader. but before i proceed to that 
            reveal, allow me to point out that these documents were not 
            particularly difficult to obtain. it required only a modicum of 
            research, emailing, and persistence in making followup inquiries to 
            obtain them from oxford college officials. since virtually all 
            formally published writing about trungpa is mere hagiographic 
            propaganda, we do not expect fact checking from the dharma hacks who 
            crank out these obligatory tomes. however, two books on freda bedi 
            that pretend to be scholarly works were recently published, and they 
            both repeated the apparent fable that she helped trungpa get the 
            spalding sponsorship that "sent him to oxford." so my question is -– 
            why was i the first to make the enquiry of oxford?
trungpa has been 
            the subject of dozens of articles in major periodicals. the 
            shambhala publishing empire was built on trungpa’s oeuvre. the story 
            of his being a student or graduate of oxford college has been 
            repeated by reputable publications dozens of times, and no one has 
            ever fact checked this? the signs were there all along. look at the 
            origin of the myth -– trungpa’s own memoir, born in tibet, where he 
            says he went to oxford on a “spalding 
            fellowship,” but does not specify which of the twenty-seven 
            oxford colleges he attended. searching for objective evidence of 
            trungpa’s oxford academic career at the chronicles of chogyam 
            trungpa rinpoche turns up absolutely nothing.
            
            people talk about his oxford days as if they knew, but not a 
            soul ever says they saw him attending classes, studying, or any 
            other familiar oxford collegiate activities. granted, during the 
            period he was ostensibly attending oxford, trungpa was fond of 
            drinking to excess, and crashed his car, crippling himself for life. 
            since rakish oxonians have been known to do wild things in drunken 
            sprees, this may have been an attempt by the young trungpa to fit 
            into oxford life. however, we cannot give academic credit for 
            vehicular negligence.



not all
            
            mythologizers have described trungpa’s “oxford education” with 
            the careless specificity shown by diana in her memoir. 

            crazy wisdom, a video puff-piece about trungpa, devotes 
            little footage to the oxford myth, displaying the word “oxford” over 
            a scene of quaint english rooftops, followed by a “class photo” 
            style image, followed by a montage of granite religious statuary and 
            church architecture. the voiceover utters some bland statements 
            suggesting that trungpa attended oxford college, without providing 
            date of admission or graduation, course of study, favorite friends 
            or campus hangout, or any of the usual collegiate specifics, 
            whatsoever. follow-on interviews with three trungpa acolytes add no 
            useful details, with none declaring that they ever saw trungpa 
            attending classes, studying, or hanging out with other students.
the chronicles of 
            chogyam trungpa does little better. a site specific search for 
            “oxford” at chronicleproject.com pulls up a reference to a “spalding 
            fellowship class photo,” but does not provide it, and there are
            links 
            to videos with reminiscences by an old english yogi named
            
            ridgzin shipko, allusions to trungpa’s meeting with thomas 
            merton someplace near oxford, and of course, lots of comments about 
            trungpa’s obsession with teaching students the king’s english, with 
            proper “oxonian pronunciation,” as taught by the officially 
            authorized trungpa elocution facilitator, carolyn rose gimian.
this is how the 
            fraud has worked so nicely, because of the power of deflection. an 
            oxford education for a lama whose followers believe him to have been 
            divine from birth is a mere worldly emolument, of importance only 
            because it shows that their guru is really smart, but the diversion 
            trungpa created by inflicting his “oxonian english” on everyone was 
            epic. think about it. what could be more off-putting than having 
            trungpa, whose accent does not remotely resemble traditional british 
            pronunciation, purporting to teach his students “proper english,” 
            when they came to learn buddhism? what was the purpose of this game? 
            well it certainly distracted from whether he went to oxford. now 
            everyone just wanted to get away from the man before he taught them 
            more atrocious pronunciations!
during all of these 
            many years during which the un-enquiring minds of american buddhists 
            have believed that trungpa was an oxford college graduate, no one 
            has ever asked what course of study he majored in. was this from 
            politeness? or a sort of covert racism, from people who never 
            expected academic excellence from a tibetan lama, and were impressed 
            by his mere attendance at the world’s most famous institution of 
            higher learning. as is attributed to samuel johnson, who apparently 
            held a bias against female intellectuals: "sir, a woman's preaching 
            is like a dog's walking on his hind legs. it is not done well; but 
            you are surprised to find it done at all.” likewise, we didn’t 
            expect trungpa to learn anything at oxford, and had no interest in 
            how well he learned it. it was sufficient that he “went to oxford.”
unless of course, 
            he didn’t. and that appears to be the case. on august 7, 2019, i 
            wrote the email attached as
            exhibit a to the 
            information office at the university of oxford, requesting 
            “biographical information concerning chogyam trungpa, a tibetan 
            buddhist lama … said to have ‘attended oxford university’ and 
            studied ‘comparative religion’ at st. antony's college during the 
            time period from 1963-1967 on a spalding sponsorship.”
i received a reply 
            (also part of exhibit a) stating as follows:

"our degree 
              conferrals team has informed us that they cannot find any 
              record of chogyam trungpa having attended the university over that 
              time. however, they only hold information for matriculated 
              students (students who have conferred their membership to the 
              university on full degree programmes). if he studied for a 
              certificate or diploma, the college (st. antony’s) or relevant 
              department might have some information. i’ve passed the query onto 
              them and am currently waiting for a reply. i can then contact you 
              with any updated information.” (emphasis added.)

on september 9, 
            2019, i emailed the letter attached as
            exhibit b to james 
            colman and lanisha butterfield, oxford college media and 
            communications people, and the registry administrator, academic 
            records office and academic registrar’s office at st. antony’s 
            college. the letter begins:

the letter 
              requests that oxford and st. antony's college provide copies of 
              academic records pertaining to chogyam trungpa mukpo, a tibetan 
              buddhist lama who reportedly attended oxford university and 
              studied "comparative religion" at st. antony's college during the 
              time period from 1963-1967 on a spalding sponsorship, pursuant to 
              the wikipedia's biographical entry of this man. chogyam trungpa is 
              the only oxford buddhist alumnus listed in wikipedia's "list of 
              university of oxford people in religion.”

on september 12, 
            2019, i received a very brief reply (included in exhibit b) from st. 
            antony’s registry administrator michelle steers:

we hold no 
              information on this matter.

about a month 
            later, ms. steers’ boss, st. antony’s college registrar filiz 
            mcnamara followed up on october 8, 2019 with an email confirming 
            that “we hold no information on this matter and therefore we are 
            unable to assist you any further.” (exhibit 
            c.)
that left only a 
            couple of other sources to contact. first, there was the spalding 
            foundation. i found them in london, and on october 9, 2019, i sent a 
            letter to mrs. j. rodgers, secretary of the spalding trust, attached 
            as exhibit d, asking a 
            simple question:

do the records of 
              the spalding trust during the years from 1963-1970 record the 
              award of a sponsorship or fellowship for attendance at any oxford 
              college to a man with the following demographic description:
              birthplace: kham, tibet
              date of birth: march 4, 1939
              full legal name: chogyam trungpa mukpo

i did not receive 
            an answer from mrs. rodgers of the spalding trust, so in march 2020, 
            i wrote to her again, certified mail, asking for the same thing with 
            a bigger windup:

mr. mukpo came to 
              be a figure of considerable public renown, and the truth about his 
              education is of public importance. an oxford education confers a 
              peerless pedigree among the world’s top educational institutions. 
              the public has long believed that mr. mukpo had an oxford 
              education because the spalding trust sponsored it. this fact is 
              repeated so ubiquitously that no citation is required. however, 
              oxford college has no record of attendance by chogyam trungpa 
              mukpo at any time.
if the spalding 
              foundation paid for mr. mukpo’s oxford education, but he did not 
              get an oxford education, then some explanation is required from 
              the spalding foundation. failure to respond with clarification 
              will compel the conclusion that the spalding foundation has been 
              complicit in the perpetration of a fraud upon the public of 
              considerable dimensions.

this letter, 
            attached as exhibit e, 
            fetched no response from the spalding trust, leaving me to wonder, 
            “what is this spalding trust that sends religious men to oxford 
            college, but cares not when they fail to actually attend the 
            college, and refuses to discuss this anomaly?” you know, if the
            
            ford foundation did that, people would give them shit about it. 
            well,
            
            mr. spalding was a rich fellow who was very christian, very 
            patriotic, and the history of his foundation is a little funny. he 
            was very fond of bathing nude with other young men, and funded 
            places where they could do that. he wrote terrible patriotic, 
            religious poetry that absolutely stunk of jingoistic piety. and he 
            endowed a chair at st. antony’s college, but toward the end of his 
            life, there was some maneuvering, and he lost control of the chair, 
            and
            
            others took control of  the spalding chair, and he was 
            embittered about it.


            wikipedia reports that trungpa was a spalding fellow in 
            comparative religion at
            
            st. antony’s from 1963–1968. if anyone at wikipedia had 
            researched st. antony’s curriculum, it would not say these things. 
            trungpa was an undergrad, ostensibly studying comparative religion, 
            who according to diana, could barely speak any english at all. st. 
            antony’s was no place for such a student. despite its name, st. 
            antony’s does not teach religion. it was and is a graduate school of 
            political science, attended by senior officials and executives. 
            trungpa would have been unable to understand the curriculum or read 
            the materials, or participate in class. and of course, the registrar 
            confirms, he didn’t even show up to try.
vicki mackenzie and 
            andrew whitehead say that trungpa got his spalding sponsorship to 
            attend oxford thanks to the intercession of
            
            freda bedi and
            
            john stapleton driver, an oxford buddhist scholar who lived in 
            kalimpong, and taught english to trungpa and other lamas. driver 
            passed away in 2014, but i was able to contact his son, professor 
            felix driver, to ask if he knew anything about trungpa's oxford 
            history, based on anything he might have heard from his father. he 
            didn't have any recollection of that fact -- only that some tibetans 
            had lived around oxford.
there is another 
            person associated with the spalding fellowship with whom i would 
            connect a young exiled lama in england, if i were writing fiction.
            
            robert charles zaehner was an expert on persian religious 
            history and literature, the author of books on drugs and mysticism, 
            and held the spalding chair from 1952 until his death in 1974. r.c. 
            zaehner, as he was best known, had a cloak and dagger backstory as 
            an mi5 and mi6 british intelligence officer. based in tehran during 
            the second world war and into the cold war fifties, he was credited 
            with handling the mi6 side of the overthrow of mohammad mossadegh as 
            prime minister of iran in 1967 during the joint cia-mi6 coup. 
            candidly, i can imagine trungpa being drawn to a man who could claim 
            credit for having ousted a liberal politician who had sought to 
            bring social justice to downtrodden iranians. i suspect that trungpa, 
            a sucker for military display, and loaded with resentment for the 
            loss of his homeland to the invading chinese, would have been 
            impressed by zaehner’s intelligence background. however, there is no 
            record of their having met, and the only association is beyond 
            speculative, because although zaehner was definitely the spalding 
            chair, there is no evidence that trungpa was ever a spalding fellow.
what difference 
            does it make that trungpa lied about going to oxford college and the 
            whole world just believed him because it made the story so much 
            better? to some, very little. many loyalists will never hear the 
            truth, regardless of how many times it is shouted in their 
            direction. others, coming from the alienated end of the spectrum, 
            tell themselves that their cynicism about trungpa had already 
            overrun the maximum, so this disclosure alters nothing. but that’s 
            not true. anyone who ever believed the oxford story has been 
            affected by it. a lie is like a mathematical error. it skews the 
            numbers. once it is made, everything is off by that much. nothing is 
            ever quite true again, until we sort out the truth and make our 
            minds clear of the illusion.

for me, knowing 
            without a doubt that trungpa was only an oxford man in his own, 
            deluded mind, is important. it removes a mistaken understanding that 
            trungpa himself planted in my mind  when i read
            
            born in tibet in a little yurt in southern oregon. i was 
            impressed. i didn't know the real author of the book was
            
            esme cramer roberts. i wrote a review of the book and published 
            it in the local food co-op newspaper. i began to spread the story. i 
            became a carrier of the tibetan buddhist gospel. all things 
            considered, i’d rather have been a messenger for truth.
              





