


bicycle maps and bed & breakfast inns for massachusetts & new england from rubel bikemaps.












april 2017 california bicycling street smarts
available again from
 rubel bikemaps

april 2017 rubel maps

on-line purchasing now via east view map link



we make high quality recreation and bicycle maps of massachusetts and
the new england region.
our regional maps also contain mountain biking features and
guides to bed & breakfast inns that welcome cyclists.
we also publish
car-free in boston and
bicycling street smarts.
see below for titles and purchasing options.


books published by rubel bikemaps

car-free® in boston:
the area's ultimate transit guide since 1977,
by the association for public transportation -- 
    the classic guide book for locals and visitors to hundreds of places to
    visit and how to get there.  thoroughly covers eastern massachusetts with
    additional coverage of new england and beyond.
bicycling street smarts: riding
confidently, legally and safely, by john allen -- 
    increase your safety and confidence on any road.

 regional bicycle maps & recreation maps
by rubel bikemaps

testimonials


western massachusetts bicycle map -- 
    ny state border eastward to include quabbin.
central massachusetts bicycle map -- 
    quabbin reservoir to i-495.
eastern massachusetts bicycle map -- 
    all ma east of i-495 except cape cod.
cape cod & north shore bicycle map -- 
    cape cod, islands, cape ann, north shore.
massachusetts bicycle map set -- 
    includes above 4 maps (great gift!).
martha's vineyard and nantucket island recreation map -- 
    both islands plus town details.

 urban bicycle maps by rubel bikemaps

boston's bikemap -- 
    greater boston detail map

 pocket rides
by rosemary jason (eastern mass.)

beyond the minuteman bikeway, bedford 1-5 -- 
    five rides, 19-58 miles, start in bedford, ma(aka west of boston 1-5).
    
beyond the minuteman bikeway, bedford 6-10 -- 
    five rides, 12-35 miles, start in bedford, ma(aka west of boston 6-10).
    
beyond the minuteman bikeway, arlington -- 
    five rides, 16-70 miles, start in arlington, ma(aka northwest of boston).
    
north shore massachusetts -- 
    five rides, 24-46 miles, start at various north shore commuter
    rail stations. (the bikes on the t program
    makes it easy to take your bike on the train.)
starting at the b.u. bridge -- 
    five rides, 9-50 miles sw of boston, start at b.u. bridge in boston.
south shore massachusetts -- 
    five rides, 22-83 miles, start at various south shore commuter
    rail stations or ferry landings. (the bikes on
    the t program makes it easy to take your bike on the train.)
swimming hole rides -- 
    five rides, 12-27 miles. four rides start at commuter rail stations west or
    north of boston (see bikes on the t); one starts
    at bedford end of minuteman bikeway.
farm tours -- 
    five rides, 17-39 miles. four rides start at commuter rail stations west of
    boston (see bikes on the t); one starts at
    bedford end of minuteman bikeway.
beach rides -- 
    five rides, 16-37 miles. start and end at commuter rail stations
    north or south of boston (see bikes on the t).
    
lighthouse rides -- 
    five rides, 18-48 miles. four rides start at commuter rail stations north
    or south of boston (see bikes on the t); one
    starts at hingham ferry landing.

 pocket rides by laurie
breitner (western mass.)

beyond the norwottuck rail trail -- 
    five rides, 13-63 miles, start from the norwottuck rail trail.
    
beyond the northampton bike path -- 
    five rides, 23-47 miles, start from the northampton bike path.
    

 hungry nomad maps & guides
by rosemary jason

west of boston 1 -- 
    lincoln, concord, carlisle et al; 5 bike rides, 8-20 miles; 2 walking
    tours & nature trails; lots of farms.
    
south coast, massachusetts & rhode island -- 
    3 bike rides, 11-17 miles, 1 walking tour & nature trails; 3 vineyards;
    lots of farms.
    




new titles coming soon!

we are still working on our regional bicycle maps of
connecticut.  click here for
updated information.


want to know when new maps or books come out? give us either your email
address (preferred) or your us mail address, and we'll notify you
when each new title is available. we do not sell, rent, or share our mailing
list for any reason.

send email now.


how to purchase books and maps
books and maps can be purchased in stores, by us mail, or via
the internet.  click here to find a store
near you.
to purchase by us mail,
click here for mail-order form
to print on your printer.
to purchase

maps via the web from east view map link

(except bulk orders click
here instead).


retail prices and isbn numbers appear on the
mail-order form, which you can examine without making a purchase.

retail stores and other trade buyers please email to
info@bikemaps.com
for more information.


how to contact rubel bikemaps

please tell us what map features you like or dislike or would like to
see.  we welcome your corrections, questions, praise, suggestions, etc.

email: info@bikemaps.com,

us mail:

rubel bikemaps
p.o. box 401035
cambridge, ma 02140



selected bicycling, transit, and travel links
aids action
ride
 -- now called mass red ribbon ride,
annual august ride benefits aids organizations.

american lung assoc. of the northeast.
 -- cape cod, seacoast, & maine x-state rides
benefit clean air & healthy lungs.

association for
public transportation
 -- works for improved public transportation;
author of car-free in boston.

adventure
cycling association
 -- national bike route system; maps, tours, info,
accessories.

bike and the like
 -- bike tours of popular new england locations;
profits to bicycle advocacy groups.
bikeattorney.com
 -- andrew fischer --lawyer, cyclist, & bicycle
advocate-- represents cyclists in legal cases.
bikemap.com
 -- (steve spindler cartography) map design,
extensive bikes-on-transit info.  
bikes-on-the-t information
-- take your bike on the mbta commuter-rail and boston subway.

boston bike film festival
 -- annual october film festival benefits massbike
and hub on wheels.  2012 date oct 12.


capecodbikeguide.com
 -- cape cod
bikepaths & trails, bike shops, trailheads, and directions.

ciclismo
classico

-- adventure travel tours: italy & new england;
transforming lives through active travel.
charles river wheelmen

-- premier recreational touring club in eastern massachusetts.


cycle for shelter
 -- annual july ride in northeastern ma
benefits homeless housing/transitional services.


cycle kids
 -- introduces children to the joys of cycling via
school-based programs.



international police mountain bike assoc.
 -- training + resources for police and ems on
bikes.

league of american bicyclists
 -- recreational rallies; legislative/educational
activities.

madsen cargo bikes
 -- long wheelbase, cargo or kids, up to 600 pounds!

mass red
ribbon ride
 -- august ride across ma 
benefits aids organizations, raises funds and awareness.


massachusetts bicycle coalition
 -- annual tour; info; promotes improved cycling
conditions.

memory ride
 -- annual july ride brattleboro (vt) to boston;
proceeds 100% for alzheimers research.


pan mass challenge
 -- annual fundraiser ride for the jimmy fund at dana-farber cancer institute.


pedaling.com
 -- select rides via location, length, difficulty, scenery -- get cue sheets and local resources.


sonoma county (california) bicycle coalition
 -- advocacy organization, has county bicycle map.


tri-state trek
 -- july boston/nyc ride benefits
als (lou gehrig's disease) therapy development foundation.


urban adventours
 -- the best of boston by bicycle;
these tours show you hidden gems and exciting views.





top of page |
email us |
b&b guide |
bikes-on-the-t
regional maps |

bicycling street smarts |
car-free in boston |

urban maps |
pocket rides |
topaz maps |

retail stores |
mail-order form



last update: 2017 april 20

