





african proverbs, sayings and stories – african proverbs, sayings and stories














































































african proverbs, sayings and stories











home
resources

african proverbs calendars
african proverb of the month
african stories by season
african stories database
bibliography
book reviews
meetings
maps of africa
poll
poll archives
seminars and workshops
sukuma legacy project
weekly african proverbs


eresources

cds
ebooks
songs
videos


services

regional centers


archive
faq (frequently asked questions)
contact us
donate
 


















home









what is new
collection of, and commentary on, 436 sayings on east african cloth (misemo kwenye khanga na vitenge vya afrika mashariki)
creating a database manual
proverbs and african christianity
ga and dangme (ghana) proverbs for preaching and teaching
bassa (liberia) proverbs for preaching and teaching






february 2025 african proverb of the month having white hair is a broom sukuma (tanzania) proverbng`wilu wa nzwili cheyo. (sukuma) weupe wa nywele ni ufagio. (swahili) avoir des cheveux blancs est un balai. (french) having white hair is a broom. (english)   sukuma(tanzania) proverb  background, meaning and everyday use the origin of this proverb concerns a ...read more









january to march 2025 poll: my favorite proverb of the month on “community – no. 3” is…


 august 2022 african proverb of the month many pieces of firewood light the whole night sukuma (tanzania) proverb




 july 2022 african proverb of the monthif you want to walk fast, walk alone. if you want to walk far, walk together. agaw (eritrea and ethiopia) proverb and burkina faso proverb




 february 2016 members of the same family are open to each other and can discuss anything. samburu (kenya) proverb




 august 2016 no person is an island. turkana (kenya) proverb




 june, 2022 african proverb of the montha friend is someone you share the path with.dinka (south sudan) proverb




 february 2020, two geniuses will successfully roast a fly. manyika, (zimbabwe, mozambique) proverb

resultspoll options are limited because javascript is disabled in your browser.

































welcome
 

monthly 2025 calendar
2025 african proverbs of the month.


    become a fan of african proverbs, sayings and stories on facebook     small christian communities    sukuma legacy project

 
academia.edu









		african proverbs, sayings and stories is proudly powered by wordpress 































