













home - north country trail association












































































skip to content




 






open search bar

join/renew
donate






search

x close search bar








menu


the trail





trail mapsonline mapexplore the trailplan your hikereport trail conditionstrail alertstrail towns 


north dakotaminnesotawisconsinmichiganohiopennsylvanianew yorkvermont 


the north country trail is the longest national scenic trail in america: 4,800 miles across eight states for you to explore. whether you’re planning tomorrow’s lunchtime stroll or your next backpacking trip, you’re in the right place. your adventure starts here. 
 


 

about us





staffboard of directorsnational park servicehistorymedia roomtransparencyopportunities 


the mission of the north country trail association (ncta) is to develop, maintain, protect and promote the north country national scenic trail as the premier hiking path across the northern tier of the united states through a trail-wide coalition of volunteers and partners. the ncta is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization that partners with the national park service to unite individuals, affiliated trail groups, local chapters, corporate sponsors and others linked in support of building and maintaining the north country trail and telling its story. 
 

our work





trail operationstrail protectionadvocacytraining and resourceshike 100 challengenext generation coalitionfield grantsour stories 


the day-to-day operations of the north country trail association provide valuable administrative, planning, and volunteer resources to build, maintain, protect and promote the north country national scenic trail. guided by a board of directors who set policy and program direction and provide fiduciary oversight, staff members provide direct support to chapter volunteers so they can more effectively and safely accomplish their work. 
 

giving & membership





membershipways to givemile makers clubjoin or renewdonatesponsors 


celebrate being part of the north country national scenic trail’s history and become part of its future. the beauty and spirit of the trail is something we cannot afford to lose. join, renew, or give a gift membership; make a gift today; become a member of the founders circle; become a sustaining donor; leave a legacy; sponsor the trail or an event; double your impact with a corporate match. support the trail, support the work. 
 

volunteer





volunteer resource centerlocal chapters and affiliatesways to volunteerreport volunteer hoursvolunteer awards 


the north country trail association and the trail itself exist because of robust, impressive and dedicated volunteerism. thousands of volunteers build, maintain, protect and promote the north country trail every day, and the association strives to provide the best resources to the volunteers. nearly 30 chapters and multiple affiliate organizations are established across the eight trail states, constantly hosting work days, group hikes and more. there are countless opportunities to get involved. 
 




national park service trail project form 
 

events





ncta eventsevent submission form 


 this calendar promotes events hosted and/or attended by ncta chapters, affiliates, and staff, and national park service staff representing the north country national scenic trail. any representative of those may utilize the event submission form. all submissions will be reviewed by ncta staff.

 
 

shopcontact 

search



















hike it.build it. love it.







 








hike it
the north country national scenic trail is the longest in the national trails system, stretching 4,800 miles across eight states from north dakota to vermont, traversing forests and farmlands, remote terrain and bustling communities. whether you’re looking to wander, hike, or run, birdwatch, camp, or backpack, the north country trail offers you a multitude of landscapes and opportunities.
explore the trail


jim lawson



maps + discovery
a flip-flop end-to-end
arlette "apple pie" laan started her end-to-end journey on the north country national scenic trail in april 2021 from defiance, ohio. she completed the entire trail in february 2022 back in defiance. "the trail angels along the hike made the hike special and worthwhile. i’m very grateful for the help and support i received along the way."
read more



arlette laan 





 








build it
the trail exists because of robust, impressive, and dedicated generosity and partnership. thousands of volunteers pour thousands of hours into the trail each year, often during local-level, chapter-led workdays. you're invited to join them.
get involved


tina toole



get involved
build trail, build community
a variety of service opportunities are available across the entire trail, from trail maintenance to outreach efforts and beyond. if you want to get involved in improving your trail community, we've got options for you.
read more



matt davis 





 








love it
the north country trail is here and available because of the thoughtfulness of many dedicated supporters. free maps and the hike 100 challenge encourage trail use, while staff and volunteers promote and support service and advocacy. together, we build and protect the north country trail. make a gift, join a chapter, or renew your membership today.
give back


shelby gangloff



support our work
2023 lifetime achievement awards
volunteers are the lifeblood of the north country trail and the association. each year, you are encouraged to help select particularly impressive volunteers to receive some extra appreciation. in 2023, dennis garrett (pa), linda and bruce johnson (mn), and john derick (vt) received lifetime achievement awards for 15+ years of true dedication, exceptional service and outstanding contributions toward the north country trail, and the success and growth of the association.
read more



dennis garrett 






 




view local events







all year
hike 100 challenge
the hike 100 challenge is designed to help you meet your goals. spend 100 miles on the north country national scenic trail between january 1 and december 31. hike, walk, snowshoe, or run. when you've completed it, share your journey with us, and receive a commemorative patch - there's a new design every year.



september 28, 2024
national public lands day
celebrate national public lands day (npld) on the north country trail this september!



december 3, 2024
#givingtuesday
#givingtuesday is a movement that unleashes the power of radical generosity around the world. support the ncta on this important day with a donation or membership.







find your chapter
connect with your local trail stewards.
view local chapters


stay connected
receive the monthly ncta e-news, the blue blaze bulletin, become a member today or sign up here.
get the bbb







plan your hike
the north country national scenic trail offers a wide variety of landscapes and trail use opportunities. it traverses public land like state forests, game lands, and county parks, as well as many private land units. rules and regulations vary. weather changes. whether you’re on a quick stroll or a long-distance backpacking trip, it’s essential to prepare for the best and safest experience.
plan your hike


andrew mytys




our trail supporters




















behind the scenes
the ncta staff and board of directors are guided by core values that represent the organization's commitment to the trail, our partnerships, and each other. we desire for our supporters to have the best understanding of our operations, so we are committed to openness and integrity. (photo by nick meekhof)
our commitment to transparency




               	 annual report               


               	 trail progress report               


               	 organizational documents               










north country trail association
229 e. main st., lowell, mi 49331
866-hike-nct
hq@northcountrytrail.org
 

 






#northcountrytrail
@northcountrytrail
share your photos and stories with us.



















