












new york district kiwanis






home

2024-25 ▼
    

event calendar
governor's project
first lady's project
district officers
contact information
facebook page



for members ▼
    

club locator
divisions
kiwanis university
club anniversaries
fund raising ideas
member information
deceased kiwanians
kiwanis license plates



for officers ▼
   

documents for clubs
irs filing
legal issues
club foundations
online reporting
youth protection
forms, documents
creating a club web site



district  ▼
    

service leadership programs
pediatric trauma centers
pediatric lyme disease
past governors
christiano award
empire state kiwanian

individual lookup
foundation honorees
event archive
district history



foundations  ▼
    

kamp kiwanis
district foundation
kamp support
empire club
kaiser fellowship
scholarships



kiwanis international ▼
    

kiwanis international
kiwanis children's fund


☰



information fornon-kiwanians

 
upcoming events comedy show march 2 to benefit kptc

east yonkers sponsors radio bingo march 12

recent news
minisink valley builds deck/ramp for veteran

county seat collects food for pantry

three students honored

club treats police officers to bagels and coffee

aktion club makes holiday donations

57 kiwanians participate in gift program

north shore key collects donations

fordham adopts families for holidays

access more news

search
search this site



mid-year under way
the 2025 mid-year conference is under way in binghamton.  at right, gov. gordon soderholm speaking at friday's board meeting. seated are district executive director, disrict treasurer william davis and past gov. lucien giancursio.
see all the latest information on the weekend.

lyme foundation gala is april 27
a 25th anniversary jubilee gala benefiting the pediatric lyme disease foundation will take place on april 27 at the crest hollow country club in woodbury.
the event will honor distinguished past gov. john gridley and former first lady rosemary. international president lee kuan yong and international president-elect michael mulhaul will be attending the event. 
the event will feature: 2 live bands, a cocktail hour with assortment of food, open bar all day with two signature drinks, and a sit down dinner.
every guest will receive a favor as a thank you for your support. there also will be a surprise door prize.
there are many ways to support the event: purchase a journal ad, donate a basket for the raffle, or be a sponsor.
tickets are $125 per person if you rsvp by march 1; they will be $135 after that date.
see the event flyer for details including how to become a sponsor and a ticket order form.

 

scholarship applications soughtthe new york district kiwanis foundation scholarship is designed to assist high school seniors who have demonstrated outstanding community service, leadership, academic achievement, and financial need. this one-time scholarship can be used for college-related expenses, including tuition, room and board, and books.to be eligible for the scholarship, applicants must meet the following criteria: demonstrated outstanding community service through school and community activities. demonstrated leadership qualities through school and community activities. academic success and achievement. documented financial need.conditions of eligibility: the applicant must be nominated by a kiwanis club in good standing. a completed application (including all required documentation) must be submitted on or before april 15, 2025. please use the application form found at: https://www.jotform.com/form/243493627770162.the scholarship is a one-time award. the scholarship selection committee will carefully review all nominations, and the successful applicants will be announced in may 2025. if you have a deserving student in your community who meets the scholarship criteria, we encourage you to submit a nomination to your club president.if you have any questions or need assistance with the nomination process, please don't hesitate to reach out to me at: nydfscholarships@kampkiwanis.org
















new esk available
the new issue of the empire state kiwanian is now available. click on the front page at right to see the entire issue.


club coaches ready to help
could your club benefit from working with a club coach?
district representatives are available to assist clubs. club coaches have experience you can trust to support clubs as they ask questions and work through processes designed to make themselves even stronger. they are mentors, coaches and visionaries.
you can to request a consultation with a club coach. 



 
 
 

new members for 2024-25during the 2024-25 kiwanis year, 285 new members were inducted by kiwanis clubs in the new york district.you can see who they are and what clubs and divisions they joined. 

milestone club anniversaries this monthcluborganization dateyears
new hyde park
february 9, 1950
75

schoharie
february 27, 1950
75

sayville
february 17, 1960
65

washingtonville
february 23, 2015
10
view complete list











new york district of kiwanis international
po box 428
glen cove, ny 11542

phone: (516) 671-1786
e-mail: districtoffice@kiwanis-ny.org






