








downtown chicago hotels | hotel cass a holiday inn express chicago hotel



















skip to main content
skip to footer
go to accessibility page



hotel cass chicago


accommodations


amenities
dining
hotel cass in magnificent mile chicago

area guide

event calendar


events & meetings
gallery
offers
location









640 n. wabash avenue • chicago, il 60611 • (312) 787-4030




specials
location












book now!


































welcome to hotel cass
a holiday inn express at magnificent mile


hotel cass - a holiday inn express chicago - magnificent mile provides a wonderful experience with unique accommodations. amenities include plush bedding, oversize flat-screen tv, complimentary high speed internet (10mb) throughout the building and complimentary hot fresh express start breakfast.
 
email us at: michael.l@wabashopco.com
                

surrounded by a plethora of shopping including the shops at the 900 n michigan, the shops bridges, american girl, saks fifth avenue, burberry, nordstrom, and nike town, and popular restaurants such as pizzeria uno, giordano's pizza, rosebud on rush, lawry's prime rib, grand lux cafe, hard rock cafe, and the signature room at the 95th—it's a retreat you'll want to come back to time and again.
 

check availability




rooms

 


amenities

 





 


special offers

ihg business edge...learn more

explore special offers




chicago area information


hotel cass - holiday inn express chicago - magnificent mile is just steps away from michigan avenue and it's hundreds of world-famous stores and restaurants. our courteous staff will assist you in planning the perfect day to entertain clients or enjoy an afternoon with your family to see all that chicago has to offer.

located in the heart of the magnificent mile, hotel cass - a holiday inn express chicago - magnificent mile is the smart lodging choice close to famous attractions such as water tower place, navy pier, michigan avenue, millennium park, and the john hancock building to name a few. locate business nearby northwestern hospital, lurie's children hospital, loyola university, groupon hq, salesforce.com, university of chicago booth.


every morning, you can stop by our newly renovated grand lobby/dining area to indulge in mouthwatering favorites from the complimentary, hot breakfast buffet, including warm cinnamon rolls, eggs, pancakes, hot biscuits and gravy, fruit, yogurts, cereals, coffee, juices and more.

available daily from 6:30 am to 9:30 am monday through friday and 7:00 am to 10:00 am on saturday and sunday.  

learn more



 



 

express smart start breakfast
every morning, you can stop by our newly renovated grand lobby/dining area to indulge in mouthwatering favorites from the complimentary, hot breakfast buffet, including warm cinnamon rolls, eggs, pancakes, hot biscuits and gravy, fruit, yogurts, cereals, coffee, juices and more.

available daily from 6:30 am to 9:30 am monday through friday and 7:00 am to 10:00 am on saturday and sunday.  
learn more





























contact us:
(312) 787-4030


contact the hotel






hotel cass - a holiday inn express at magnificent mile
site map • web accessibility • directions
© 2025, website by l.e.t. group

























