









sitemorse | home

































x
warning









x
contact sitemorse



how can we help you?

                the self-service area is not quite finished yet (live at the end of january). all service options and our fixed pricing is online – we are happy to walkthrough it with you, or;
              







                    quote request
                  

                  we would like you to contact us to walk through the services options of sitemorse and provide us with a quote.
                







                    sign us up!
                  

                  one of your great clients has shown us sitemorse (or we have a quote) and we want your compliance improving magic.
                






name





email







                      how can we help you?
                    






                        send
                      





thank you

                your enquiry has been received.
              


                  close
                



apologies

                there has been an error. please try again later.
              


                  close
                












x
please verify yourself









                submit
              



















home


about


contact


check


webinars


login














contact us












x



please verify yourself























x
page check error


there seems to have been a problem in checking the page.



              /check is purchased on a per user-session basis (a single login
              can only be used by one person on one device at once).
            

              your user has recently been used to login on another device or
              browser, and hence this session has been closed.
            

              if you want to purchase another subscription to the /check
              service, we are offering a lovely big fat
              25% discount!
            

              click the 'sign up' button, get /checking in just a couple of
              minutes – the discount code to use is
              shh25off.
            


                signup / 25% off
              

                login
              










x





            our free checker is limited to 3 pages per domain per week.
            if you would like unlimited usage of the service
            ( a year),
            please click the button below.
          















maintaining your content in the most efficient way.
nearly 20 years ago we automated website testing, checking and monitoring – so you don't have to do it manually, ensuring things don't break, remain accessible, and on brand.
it's all online, self managed – you are in control.
you can try the accessibility testing of sitemorse right now, using /check below (further details on what it does can be found at www.sitemorse.com/check).








enter your url





                check any page now. we'll remotely run the page through all our tests and the results will be displayed soon.
              


check







                signup (testing)
              

                login (testing)
              














the same way you take your car to the garage, it's 'plugged in' to see what requires fixing – we do this remotely for your website; checking thousands of things in seconds.
we consistently apply rules and standards to each page and then prioritise what to fix to ensure you deliver the best possible, continually optimised and compliant online experience.
the 'actions' are distributed by role and include short training videos to deliver the greatest impact on improvement.













assessments
benchmarks
blog
careers
clients
index
support




© 2025 sitemorse (uk sales) ltd

                sitemorse (uk sales) ltd hereby expressly reserves all rights, without waiver, election or other limitation to the full extent permitted by law, in and to this material and the information contained therein.
              
                any reproduction, use or display or other disclosure or dissemination, by any method now known or later developed, of this material or the information contained herein, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of sitemorse (uk sales) ltd is strictly prohibited.
              
                disclaimer
                the services provided sitemorse (uk sales) ltd is based on an audit of the available areas of a website at a point in time. sections of the site that are not open to public access or are not being served (possibly be due to site errors, or downtime) may not be covered by our reports, no responsibly can be accepted for any actions you take as a consequent of the findings.
              
                the content (web pages, pdf documents, videos and / or any related media) this website provides is offered as an overview and a starting point only – it should not be used as a single, sole authoritative guide. you should not consider this as legal guidance.
              
                where matters of legal compliance are concerned you should always take independent advice from appropriately qualified individuals or firms.
              

















cookies
privacy policy
security
accessibility statement
terms & conditions

















