










golden retriever rescue club of charlotte























































































 






















 

 

 

 
  

golden retriever rescue club of charlotte











 




home
about us

contact us 
seniors 
surrender a golden 


adoption information

available goldens 
adopted dogs 


fostering
volunteer
donation
shop
 


















st patrick's day paradetennis ball raffle and picnicdunk your dog day













1991-2024: rescuing charlotte area golden retrievers for over 30 years














important info














if your pet was microchipped with save this life, it is no longer working. 
learn what to do from this cbs news article.














latest grrcc news













sign up to receive grrcc emails













our have a heart 2024 adopters video





our annual meeting is on february 23rd





shop & share at lilly pulitzer summary














past news and events














ways you can help














walk





learn more



donate





learn more



volunteer



learn more













ways grrcc helps














available dogs







smoot – referral only20241101132606 







need to surrender a golden?






call our hotline (voicemail): 704-348-1573
someone will contact you within 24 hours

















grrcc events














upcoming events







2025 annual meeting
this year’s grrcc annual meeting will be held on sunday, february 23rd at 3:00 pm, and once again in the spirit of promoting a shared passion and mission for rescue and adoption, will be hosted in the education center of the humane society of charlotte’s animal resource center.

read more 






past events







lilly pulitzer shop & share summary 12-8-24
grrcc and a few of our volunteers and their dogs had a wonderful time meeting shoppers at lilly pulitzer in south park mall during the busy holiday shopping season and bringing smiles to their faces.

read more 





2024 st patrick’s day parade summary
the annual uptown charlotte st. patrick’s day parade was greeted by glorious spring weather on march 16, 2024.

read more 



























 









grrcc © 2017 | all rights reserved p.o. box 471931 charlotte, nc 28247-1931







this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.acceptreject read moreprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










 
























