 





the cruise wizards  |  your cruise experts



























the cruise wizards









we are your cruise experts!














 toggle main menu visibility
				  

home
cruises
about us
faqs
contact us




home
cruises
about us
faqs
contact us









welcome to the cruise wizards

brenda gray315-731-7554deb lawendowski315-723-9090 email us



top ten reasons to choose a cruisereason no. 1:  choose to cruise for value.  one price buys your accommodations, entertainment, dining, and more.


top ten reasons to choose a cruisereason no. 2:  choose to cruise for romance.  secluded beaches, en suite dining on a balcony overlooking the ocean and spa services for two are just some of the romantic pursuits available.


top ten reasons to choose a cruisereason no. 3:  choose to cruise for cuisine.  tantalize your taste buds with gourmet fare that showcases exotic ingredients, old standbys like pizza and ice cream or spa cuisine for a healthy alternative.  depending on your mood, dine in a traditional ballroom setting, a small bistro or a casual eatery.


top ten reasons to choose a cruisereason no. 4:  choose to cruise for variety.  with over 150 distinctive ships, 1800 ports of call and an unbelievable array of places to see and things to do, there is a perfect cruise for you.  for even more choice, consider a pre- or post-land tour.


top ten reasons to choose a cruisereason no. 5:  choose to cruise for activities.  fill your days with sightseeing, sports activities, cultural lectures, educational tours led by naturalists and historians or simply lounge by the pool and relax.  at night, enjoy dance extravaganzas, musical revues, gaming or a quiet evening gazing at the stars.


top ten reasons to choose a cruisereason no. 6:  choose to cruise for simplicity.  don't come back from your vacation needing a vacation.  planning a cruise is simple;  call the cruise wizards to handle all of the details.  once you're on board, nearly all expenses are pre-paid . . . talk about hassle-free.


top ten reasons to choose a cruisereason no. 7:  choose to cruise for new horizons.  fall asleep in one destination and awake to a new horizon . . . and you only have to pack and unpack once!


top ten reasons to choose a cruisereason no. 8:  choose to cruise for family.  families love cruising.  children's programs, kid-friendly menus and tours of the ship will keep your children happy, while affording you some well-deserved time alone.


top ten reasons to choose a cruisereason no. 9:  choose to cruise for pampering.  regardless of your budget, all cruise lines pamper their guests with first-class service around the clock.


top ten reasons to choose a cruisereason no. 10:  choose to cruise for satisfaction.  it's a fact that cruises have a higher percentage of satisfied customers than any other vacation experience.


bonus reason to choose a cruisechoose to cruise for you.  you can have the vacation of a lifetime, see the world, completely unwind, take a walk on the wild side, dance the night away, feast on fabulous cuisine, learn something new, make friends, bond with your family, steal quiet moments with your spouse.  whatever your heart desires is yours, when you choose to cruise.

















let us put our expert personal knowledge and experience of the cruise industry to work for you. we have been making friendships one customer at a time. we are here to take care of your entire vacation needs, from planning stages to your return home and all the details in between. our personal attention to detail no matter how small will insure your trip will be relaxing and worry free.
our goal is to earn your trust and provide the level of service that will exceed your expectations. we know a great rate is important but what really matters most is a vacation that will meet your personal needs and provide memories for a lifetime.
because we are top producers with all the major cruise lines, we can offer you competitive pricing for your cruise vacation. we treat all our customers like family, so when you are looking for that perfect vacation call the cruise wizards - you will be glad that you did. don't trust your cruise vacation with anyone else.

top ten reasons to choose a cruise
reason no. 1:  choose to cruise for value.  one price buys your accommodations, entertainment, dining, and more.
reason no. 2:  choose to cruise for romance.  secluded beaches, en suite dining on a balcony overlooking the ocean and spa services for two are just some of the romantic pursuits available.
reason no. 3:  choose to cruise for cuisine.  tantalize your taste buds with gourmet fare that showcases exotic ingredients, old standbys like pizza and ice cream or spa cuisine for a healthy alternative.  depending on your mood, dine in a traditional ballroom setting, a small bistro or a casual eatery.
reason no. 4:  choose to cruise for variety.  with over 150 distinctive ships, 1800 ports of call and an unbelievable array of places to see and things to do, there is a perfect cruise for you.  for even more choice, consider a pre- or post-land tour.
reason no. 5:  choose to cruise for activities.  fill your days with sightseeing, sports activities, cultural lectures, educational tours led by naturalists and historians or simply lounge by the pool and relax.  at night, enjoy dance extravaganzas, musical revues, gaming or a quiet evening gazing at the stars.
reason no. 6:  choose to cruise for simplicity.  don't come back from your vacation needing a vacation.  planning a cruise is simple;  call the cruise wizards to handle all of the details.  once you're on board, nearly all expenses are pre-paid . . . talk about hassle-free.
reason no. 7:  choose to cruise for new horizons.  fall asleep in one destination and awake to a new horizon . . . and you only have to pack and unpack once!
reason no. 8:  choose to cruise for family.  families love cruising.  children's programs, kid-friendly menus and tours of the ship will keep your children happy, while affording you some well-deserved time alone.
reason no. 9:  choose to cruise for pampering.  regardless of your budget, all cruise lines pamper their guests with first-class service around the clock.
reason no. 10:  choose to cruise for satisfaction.  it's a fact that cruises have a higher percentage of satisfied customers than any other vacation experience.
choose to cruise for you.  you can have the vacation of a lifetime, see the world, completely unwind, take a walk on the wild side, dance the night away, feast on fabulous cuisine, learn something new, make friends, bond with your family, steal quiet moments with your spouse.  whatever your heart desires is yours, when you choose to cruise.


cruises

click below to view information about your dream cruise.


luxury lines


      azamara club cruises -- you will experience immersive cultures with more time in ports and overnight stays.  your boutique hotel at sea is comfortable and never crowded with an attentive and friendly staff.
    

      crystal -- offers you years of extraordinary, in luxurious spaces that refresh you, michelin inspired cuisine that surpasses and delights you.  go to destinations that take you from the iconic to the exotic all on a fleet of ships surpassing all expectations.
    

	  cunard -- for over a century and a half, these iconic ships have defined sophisticated ocean travel.  take your place in rich heritage of ocean liners enjoying luxury accommodations and fine dining.
	

	  oceania -- sail to the far corners of the globe on small luxurious ships with personalized service that features the finest cuisine at sea.
	

	  paul gauguin -- uncover the authentic french polynesia sailing year-round with the experts.  you will enjoy luxurious oceanview accommodations, gourmet dining and a unique watersports marina.
	

	  regent seven seas -- delivers a luxury vacation for an unbeatable value. cruise packages stand out in both quality and cost, delivering a luxury all-inclusive cruise.
	

	  seabourn -- enjoy sailing curated voyages to all seven seas in your luxury suite.  an all-inclusive club like atmosphere with intuitive personalized service and world class dining.
	

	  silversea -- an all-suite intimate ultra-luxury ships sailing with an attentive butler and fine dining.  enjoy free flowing premium wines and spirts while sailing to over 900 destinations.
	



premium lines


      celebrity cruises -- features a hip, modern onboard vibe with emphasis on trendy culinary experiences and award-winning shows and entertainment.  they offer apple focused tech classes on ships that sail all over the world.  the line also offers a three-yacht fleet in the galapagos for upscale, expedition cruising.
    

      holland america lines -- for 147 years, holland america has been recognized a leader in cruising.   they offer some of the most spacious and comfortable ships at sea, award winning service, exquisite dining, extensive activities and enrichment programs and compelling worldwide itineraries.
    

      princess -- offers a casual yet refined traditional cruse experience with emphasis on dining, broadway style entertainment & live music.   it's renowned for its expertise in alaska cruising although sails all over the world.
    

      viking ocean -- award winning ships each with private verandas in every stateroom and a variety of fine dining.   all ships are designed in understated elegance with itineraries designed to maximize amount of time you spend in destinations.
    

      virgin voyages -- new adults only premium cruise line that strives to redefine what it means to cruise.   fares includes gratuities, wifi, dining, basic beverages and group work outs.
    

      windstar -- takes small ship cruising in a different direction.   you will feel like you're on your own private yacht.   they are known for their immersive an authentic experiences and exceptional culinary program.
    



contemporary lines


      carnival cruise line -- the world's most popular cruise lines carries millions of guests every year.  they are all about fun vacations at sea and ashore.  they warmly welcome all guests and feature day and nighttime entertainment, for the whole family from 2 to 17-day voyages departing from every coast in the us.
    

	  disney cruise line -- a leader in family cruising a guaranteed blast for all.  there is something for every age and taste onboard as you sail the open seas with disney signatures like firework displays, open air music and dance parties, and world class service attending to your every need.
	

	  msc -- a european experience that is the perfect blend of old-world hospitality and modern-day convenience that is best for open minded north americans.  enjoy incredible gourmet cuisine, cabaret shows and elegant decor in a mediterranean ambience.
	

	  norwegian cruise line -- free style cruising means dining when and where you want and enjoying your time at sea as you, please.  enjoy broadway shows, 2 story race tracks, ropes course complex, water slides and more.  they offer a wide range of staterooms and itineraries to choose from.
	

	  royal caribbean international -- boasting some of the largest floating resorts at sea, with over-the-top amusements like entire neighborhoods full of cafes and shops, activities such as rock climbing, ice skating, zip lining, mini golf and flowrider (a surfing wave pool).  combine this with amazing staterooms and suites and dining for every taste from sushi to steak.
	



river cruises


      ama waterways -- oceans take you to countries and rivers take you through them.  you step aboard and unpack once traveling between grand capitals and charming villages and enjoy award winning dinning, professional entertainment and fun & leisure activities fit for all.
    

	  american cruise lines -- riverboats are smaller with fewer guests onboard, making for a more intimate personalized travel experience.  passengers, crew and onboard experts all become well-acquainted with each other.  traveling along america's legendary rivers guests are provided with an elevated experience through immersive cultural exploration and well-designed enrichment programs onboard and ashore.
	

	  american queen steamboat -- journey through america's legendary rivers and historic port towns as you take in local music, culture and cuisine all with the timeless luxury of the world's most opulent paddlewheel riverboats as your home away from home.  personalized service and small passenger counts meet big ship amenities on these intimate river cruises.
	

	  avalon waterways -- not all cruises are created equal, avalon immerses you the utmost indulgence in cruising.  uniquely crafted with luxurious details at every turn, they provide small ship feel with all the posh and decadence of a five star resort.
	

	  uniworld cruises -- discover true luxury and boutique cruising at its bet.  they offer itineraries in spectacular destinations.  the european fleet features luxurious ships with capacity of 120 guests, the highest staff-to-guest ratios in the river cruise industry, enticing shore excursions, world class gourmet cuisine and impeccable hospitality.
	

	  viking river cruises -- award winning line that offers destination focused itineraries on the rivers of europe, russia, china, southeast asia and egypt.  travel with like minded travelers on a culturally rich, immersive experience designed to help you explore and engage with your destination through its food, culture, countryside and customs.
	





about us










brenda gray:  accredited cruise counselor & co-owner of the cruise wizards
315-731-7554
she began her travel career with the onset of baz travel, new hartford, ny. she has been on over 60 ships and with her extensive knowledge of the cruise lines, she can help you pick the right cruise vacation for you.















deb lawendowski:  cruise consultant  & co-owner of the cruise wizards
315-723-9090
she has an associates degree in travel & tourism from hccc, along with years of experience in assisting clients with their cruise vacations. she started her travel career with the former baz travel. deb has been on over 50 ships and can select the right ship and sailing for you.




the cruise wizards specialize in cruise and land vacations.  they are experts with groups, whether family, friends or affinity -- you will receive individual quality customer service with competitive rates.
the cruise wizards are top producers with the major cruise lines:  celebrity, princess, royal caribbean, holland america, carnival, disney, silversea, oceania and norwegian, so they can offer you competitive pricing for your cruise vacation.
besides cruises, the cruise wizards offer disney, sandals, las vegas, europe, alaska and caribbean all-inclusive packages for your leisure vacations.  we also offer many escorted vacations.  contact us for details.  whether you are looking for a honeymoon, reunion or fund raising, don't hesitate to contact the cruise wizards for vacation ideas.
we treat all customers like family, so when you are looking for that perfect vacation, contact the cruise wizards -- you will be glad that you did!
tips for the "savvy cruiser"booking directly with the cruise line can cost you money!!!
an agency that specializes in cruise travel will always be your best bet for many reasons.
a recognized top producing cruise agency can offer you fares that are not available to the individual who calls the cruise line directly. you miss out on extras such as shipboard credits, cabin gifts and complimentary shore tours that a dedicated cruise agency often provides their clients.
the benefits of working with an experienced cruise consultant!!!
experienced cruise consultants will provide personal attention, advice and service one will not find when dealing with a cruise line call center or website. they will look after every important detail of your cruise vacation such as dining choices, flight arrangements, pre and post cruise stays, shore excursions, insurance choices -- much more than a reservation center can offer. added value, personal attention and exceptional pricing is why the savvy cruiser relies on a dedicated cruise agent.
it's all about relationships . . .
finding a great cruise agent is like finding a first-class doctor or financial planner. you never want to leave these comforting relationships behind. like working with your broker, you establish a relationship with one cruise consultant who knows your tastes, respects your budget and makes suggestions compatible with someone who knows your idea of the perfect vacation.
our loyal customers remain true to the cruise wizards because of the value and service they enjoy when dealing with us. call us today to begin your personal relationship with the best cruise consultants in the industry.




faqs



select your question to begin
are all ships fairly similar?
are there different classes of service?
are there laundry services aboard ship?
are there medical services onboard?
are there meeting rooms onboard?
can i extend my cruise vacation?
can i get a special diet?
can we stay in touch with the outside world?
do cruise lines accept group bookings? 
do i need a passport?
how do i book a cruise?
how long are cruises?
is cruising a good value?
is cruising right for honeymooners?
what about meal times?
what about the kids?
what about the night life?
what about tipping?
what about travel insurance?
what are the differences in the various cruise lines?
what can i do in port? 
what should i pack?
where can i go?
who should i see if i have questions that haven't been answered?


far from it.  clia member lines' ships range from intimate and yacht-like to vessels stretching longer than three football fields.  you can sail with fewer than 100 fellow guests or with more than 6,000.  enjoy atmospheres ranging from casual to formal, contemporary to classic.  enjoy the endless activities offered on a contemporary resort-style cruise, or immerse yourself in the culture of a destination on a special interest cruise.
typically, today's cruise ships are "one-class."  although some ships have special areas just for suite guests (pools, lounges and restaurants).  also ships like disney have adult only areas.  the price of a cabin is based primarily on its size and location.  regardless of the category you book, you'll enjoy the same courteous service, dining, activities, and entertainment as everyone else on board.
almost all cruise ships have laundry facilities and many provide dry-cleaning services.  there is, however, an additional charge for professional laundry and dry-cleaning services.  many ships also have self-service launderettes.
virtually every cruise ship (except for some smaller vessels operating in coastal waters) has a medical facility and health care professionals on staff to handle almost any emergency.  if you have a medical condition that might put you at risk, discuss it with your doctor and inform the cruise lines at the time of booking.  and, whenever you travel, check to see what your health insurance covers.
just about every full-size ship has public rooms or a conference center to offer as meeting space for private or corporate groups.  if you'd like to make meeting or incentive travel arrangements, ask your clia-affiliated travel agent to contact the cruise line's group sales department to coordinate schedules and arrange for any special needs.  your ship may also be able to offer audio-visual equipment, communications, meeting coordinators, secretarial and printing services and more.
cruise lines feature special pre-or post-hotel packages that allow you to extend your vacation in either your port of embarkation or debarkation.
most ships can accommodate salt-free, low-carbohydrate, kosher, or other diet preferences.  however, this request must be made in advance, so be sure to advise your clia-affiliated travel agent when you book your cruise.
quite easily.  most ships have a daily newsletter with news, headlines, selected stock quotes and sports scores.  many staterooms are equipped with televisions and have satellite or cellular telephones.  you can also call someone on shore through the ship's radio officer while at sea.  in addition, most ships have wi-fi packages that allows you to use your cell phone or laptop to surf the web or communicate with those at home.
most lines welcome groups -- often at special rates, depending on how many people are involved.  policies vary from company to company and sometimes during certain times of the year.  just consult your clia-affiliated travel agent for details.
depends on where you are cruising.  you'll receive complete information on required documents when planning your destination.  for some cruises to the caribbean and coastal us you may travel with a passport card and birth certificate or driver's license and birth certificate (original or certified copy).  if you have to travel with a passport you will need to apply well in advance of your departure.  you should apply allow 10 to 12 weeks for passport processing.
email a cruise wizardcall us:brenda gray315-731-7554deb lawendowski315-723-9090call the cruise wizards!  we have professionals who will help you pick the cruise that fits your vacation schedule, tastes and budget.  we can make all the arrangements to get you from your doorstep to your ship and back.  the cruise wizards feature clia certified cruise counselors on staff.  these specialists have completed an extensive program of training, including sailing on and inspecting a vast number of cruise ships.  you can feel confident that a recommendation from our clia accredited cruise counselor is based upon personal knowledge and experience.
from 3 days to 120 days.
cruising is the best vacation value!  there are cruise vacations to suit every budget.  your cruise fare includes all meals, your stateroom, on-board activities and entertainment, plus transportation from port to port.  you'll know what your vacation will end up costing you before you go.  (typically, your only extra expenses will be drinks, optional shore excursions, crew gratuities and personal services such as massage or hairstyling.)
without a doubt.  cruising offers an atmosphere that's just right for romance . . . cozy dinners for two, strolling on deck at sunset, dancing the night away (even under the stars).  most lines provide special services -- from sunday or monday departures to champagne and breakfast in bed.
again, there are choices and more choices.  during the day, there are many different places to eat -- in the formal dining room, on deck in a casual setting, in a pizzeria, at an espresso bar, to name a few.  at night, most ships offer several venues.  some ships' dining rooms can accommodate all guests at one time, called a "seating."  many ships offer you a choice of several eating times, and others encourage you to come to dinner whenever you like.  more traditional ships have two seatings in their formal dining rooms, which differ only by time:  typically 6:00 p.m. and 8:30 p.m.  to choose, just decide whether you prefer to dine early or late--then have your clia-affiliated travel agent request your preference when you book your cruise.  frequently, you can choose to dine at night someplace other than the formal dining room, such as in an intimate restaurant that features, for example, italian, chinese, japanese or southwestern cuisine for a fee.  more and more cruise lines also are opening up their informal lido areas to evening dining, where the dress and dishes always are casual, and sometimes, you can even eat out under the stars.  and a large number of ships also offer romantic in-cabin dinners.
more and more cruise vacations are booked by families with children.  most cruise lines provide plenty of supervised activities for youngsters, especially during school holidays.  if your children enjoy swimming, sports, games, movies, and the adventure of new places, they'll love a family cruise.  you'll find that children adapt to shipboard life with ease, and you won't have to wonder what they're up to every minute.  the youth counselors will help keep them busy and entertained.  ships even offer different types of age-appropriate activities, suitable for toddlers to teens.  best of all, children often travel at a reduced rate.
when the stars come out, a cruise ship really turns on.  there's dancing, live entertainment, nightclubs and lounges, feature films, and parties with all your new friends.  most ships also have casinos.  what's more, there are many special events like the captain's cocktail party, passenger talent night, broadway-style shows and las vegas-type revues.
tipping is a matter of individual preference.  a general rule of thumb is to plan for about $15 per person per day for all from your cabin steward and dining and dining staff.  since there are so many dining options now most cruise lines allow you to pre pay prior to your cruise or is automatically charged to your shipboard account (a few cruise lines include tipping in the price and will so inform you.)  other shipboard personnel can be tipped for special services at your discretion.
we offer travel guard - cost is based on age and cost of trip.  or we will quote the cost for you.  the link below will open in a separate window.travel guard
you'll find some lines are geared more towards family, others towards themes, i.e. disney.  there are many subtle differences.  best bet is to contact the cruise wizards for more in-depth information.phone:brenda gray315-731-7554deb lawendowski315-723-9090email a cruise wizard
so much you'll have a hard time choosing!  you can explore on your own or take a guided tour (referred to as shore excursions).  search ancient ruins or hunt for shopping bargains.  ride a raft over river rapids, or a horse across miles of hills and beaches.  climb a waterfall or pyramid.  follow the footsteps of history or the wake of a waterskiing boat.  if there's still time, play golf or tennis.  learn how to windsurf.  sun and swim at some of the world's best beaches.  catch a record marlin.  sail, snorkel, or scuba dive.  take a cable car to the top of a mountain.  explore dark catacombs.  in short, cruising is the perfect way to sample a number of new destinations and try all the things you've ever dreamed of doing, while never having to pack and unpack!book shore excursions through our online partners.the links below will open in a separate window.resort for a dayshoretrips
pack like you would for any resort.  cruise vacations are casual by day, whether you're on the ship or ashore.  in the evening, ships vary as to dress.  as on shore, attire is dictated by occasion.  at the captain's gala, for example, you'll probably want to wear something more formal, such as a dark suit, or cocktail dress; perhaps even a dinner jacket or gown.
wherever you want!  cruises visit over 1,800 ports worldwide and practically every destination accessible by water.
call usbrenda gray315-731-7554deb lawendowski315-723-9090email a cruise wizard




contact us
via phone

brenda gray315-731-7554deb lawendowski315-723-9090



via email
 email a cruise wizard













 privacy policy







©  thecruisewizards.com
			










privacy policy
			your privacy is important to the cruise wizards.  this privacy statement provides information about the personal information that www.thecruisewizards.com collects and the ways in which we use that personal information. 
			
web log file data
we collect some basic web log file data about site visitors.  this information includes domain names, web site traffic patterns and server usage statistics.  this information is used for site management and administration and to improve the content and overall performance of our site.
using personal information

we (www.thecruisewizards.com) do not collect personal information from you unless you provide it to us.
we do not provide, sell or share in any way personal information such as the names, addresses, or email addresses of our visitors.
we do not send unsolicited email to you (spam).

consent and changes to this policy
by using this website, you signify your agreement to the www.thecruisewizards.com privacy policy.  we reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time by posting such changes on this web page, so please check this web page periodically for changes.
			























