










home - superior moulding inc.




























































 
























call us: 1(800) 473-1415
hours: mon - fri  7am - 5pm
closed saturday and sunday
 



































































 
homeaboutproducts doors windows moulding stair parts hardware moreinspirationfaqcontact








 














when only the best will do, you can count on superior moulding.





















doors





windows












moulding 





stair parts












hardware





more









for more informtion please email us at info@superiormoulding.com








































large, in stock selection 






we carry a large selection of in-stock moulding styles, and offer custom millwork.
mdf ~ fingerjoint ~ red oak ~ white oak ~ birch ~ alder ~ cherry ~ poplar ~ mahogany ~ maple ~ walnut~ pine ~ douglas fir ~ redwood ~ flex
here you will be able to find any style to match your design needs.



















delivery 






we will deliver your
product to your home or job site.
monday through friday.
please contact us for pricing.



















superior service /           unbeatable pricing 






our knowledgeable staff is more than happy to help you with all of your questions.
we are known to have the best pricing in the san fernando valley.





























about us






 
superior moulding inc. is a family owned and operated company located in the san fernando valley for over 30 years. our vision is simple; provide customers with the highest level of knowledgeable customer service, and quality architectural products.
we specialize in high end building products, including:  doors, windows, moulding and hardware. we carry an extensive inventory of mouldings in both hard and soft wood, mdf, fingerjoint, and can even custom mill profiles to match existing finishes.
our beautiful 10,000 sq. ft. showroom features in-stock and special-order profiles of moulding, and an immaculate display of doors and windows from vendors such as: fleetwood, lincoln, loewen,  and many more.
stop by our showroom and be inspired to complete any size job from a kitchen remodel to an entire custom build.
 


















contact us and learn what we can do for you!











contact us





























 













 













 













 













 













 













 













 













 













 













 













 













 













 













 









find inspiration













more inspiration 



































our vendors
































































































































































































































































































































































































































contact us
























nameemail*

phonemessage

  



























 















follow us














































contact us






5953 sepulveda blvd
van nuys, ca 91411
1-800-473-1415
info@superiormoulding.com




























© 2018 superior moulding inc.     | designed by knoxweb






















 
 








































