








fox & robertson | impact civil rights litigation


































 








search  
expand  


skip to content






fox & robertson
impact civil rights litigation




						contact us
					




menu
about
who we are
what we do
blog
contact



search for:




search

 














								 using the legal system to create a more accessible world.							
							

contact us
learn more












about us
fox & robertson is a two-lawyer civil rights firm based in denver, colorado with a practice focused on impact disability rights litigation as well as individual advocacy and education.

who we are



tim fox (he/him)



amy robertson (she/her)





notice of class action settlement: accessibility of pedestrian rights of way in baltimore




practice areas
over the past 28 years, we have brought large and small cases challenging barriers to disabled people in public and commercial contexts. 




public rights of way



effective communication



prison and law enforcement



entertainment venues



we also provide individual advocacy on a pro bono basis, and can often secure necessary communications and accessibility accommodations without the need for litigation.

what we do






blog
visit our blog for more articles from the foxrob team.




amended agreement with cdoc adds monitoring team, reinforces protections for deaf and hard of hearing prisoners.


baltimore agrees to spend at least $44 million to fix inaccessible sidewalks & curbs


 

subscribe to our blog
and get notified every time we publish a new post.


 

name

 

email address

 

 by subscribing, you agree with our privacy policy and our terms of service.













latest posts
amended agreement with cdoc adds monitoring team, reinforces protections for deaf and hard of hearing prisoners.
baltimore agrees to spend at least $44 million to fix inaccessible sidewalks & curbs
rights of immigration detainees with disabilities



monthly archives
 january 2025 (3)
september 2024 (2)
july 2024 (1)
august 2023 (2)
may 2023 (1)
march 2023 (1)
august 2022 (2)
july 2022 (1)
june 2022 (1)
november 2021 (1)

 

subscribe to our blog
and get notified every time we publish a new post.


 

name

 

email address

 

 by subscribing, you agree with our privacy policy and our terms of service.









		copyright ©  fox and robertson. all rights reserved.
	
privacy policy
accessibility statement
 










