




theartfair.com - original jewish & israeli art at discounts




















toggle navigation











browse by 

specials

subjects
artists
medium

gift certificate


requests




artist
piece name
subject








 my cart

 login





original jewish & israeli art at discounts






   social   see other 'social ' related items
   fields  see other 'fields' related items
   christianity  see other 'christianity' related items











daydream by lea avizedek





negotiate the product price in real time by clicking on this negotag™ logo wherever you see it!







leah avizedek








see works by leah avizedek











our customers speak



"your service was incredible. i would consider using you again, and i have recommended your site to others."m.f., mi"i had a wonderful experience. the service was quick, i'll certainly use you again if i need art!"l.a., ny"it was great. quick delivery, excellent... i haven't purchased art since then, but i'm considering it now (we are adding another room at home). i'll look for you... i have added your site to my favorites."c.l., ca"i received "naganim," which is exquisite and which i'm happy with."e.k., ny"thank you for your phonecall.... we loved the art piece..... anyway, it was my pleasure to forward your link onto my daughter. you'll hear from us again."d.f, md"we received the picture this afternoon. it is in fine condition.
thank you for your help in tracking it. we will use your services again and recommend you to our friends.
"h.w., toronto, canada"...i am very happy with all of the pieces i have purchased from your site. i am also extremely pleased with the attention you paid to my orders - and really appreciate the effort you made to keep me informed, and following each order until it arrived. i have recommend the art fair to others, and will certainly use it again in the future...."j.c., calgary, canada









   subject   people
scenic
places
music
trees
view all subjects

   artist   dorit levi
amram ebgi
michael kerman
calman shemi
raphael abecassis
view all artists

   medium   oil on canvas
lithograph
serigraph
watercolors
dekopals
view all mediums














home | 
						my cart | 
					
						create account | 
						secure log in | 
					
						affiliates | 
						policies | 
						site info | 
						about us



before you make a purchase, please shift back to english!!!



						copyright 1997-2023 developed by alon systems, inc. - page generated on 2/15/2025 8:11:45 am
					






 
 
 












