



  





delaware orthopedic surgeons morgan kalman clinic in wilmington de
































































 

home
about

our surgeons
testimonials


services

sports medicine
non-surgical treatments
regenerative therapies
orthopedic/arthroscopic surgery


resources

patient forms
patient education
videos
frequently asked questions
links


news
contact










our delaware orthopedic physicians can help!
for the last 25 years the delaware orthopedic physicians at the morgan kalman clinic have treated sports related injuries in athletes of all ages and abilities, including high school, recreational, college, olympic as well as elite professional football, baseball, basketball and hockey players (not to mention more than a few professional golfers).
the morgan kalman clinic orthopedic specialists are known nationally and internationally for educating orthopaedic surgeons on the latest cutting edge arthroscopic and surgical procedures of the elbow, hip, knee and shoulder. they have given hundreds of presentations, written textbook chapters, published journal articles and teach physicians in training at three hospital/university systems.
prp (platelet rich plasma) injections using ultrasound guided techniques are used for treatment of tendon and joint injuries when possible to help speed up the recovery process.
many of the region’s professional, collegiate, high school and recreational athletes of all ages have been treated at the morgan kalman clinic. if you are looking for the most experienced delaware orthopedic surgeons, contact us today!






 
 

sports medicine
many regional amateur and professional athletes have been treated by the morgan kalman clinic. so have a number of your neighbors!
how we can help






 
 

non-surgical treatments
the morgan kalman clinic offers many non-surgical solutions for your joint injuries and conditions, including prp and stem cell therapies, injections, and more.
learn more






 
 

orthopedic surgery
our orthopaedic surgery procedures are performed at a state-of-the-art delaware surgical center as well as at a delaware hospital for inpatient surgeries.
more about surgery



 






experienced doctors




 
dr. morgan – orthopaedic surgeon
delaware sports medicine specialist dr. morgan is a world-renowned authority on disorders of the shoulder and knee. he performed surgery on major league baseball pitchers to return them to play, and has also cared for olympic-level athletes and players on the lpga tour.


 




 
dr. figueiredo – orthopaedic specialist
delaware sports medicine specialist dr. figueiredo is an experienced triple fellowship trained trilingual physician (english, spanish, portuguese) who specializes in nonoperative orthopedics (including fractures) and management of overall musculoskeletal health of adults and children. [read more]


 

view staff






latest news



the morgan kalman clinic has closed
december 1, 2023 · news highlights · comments off on the morgan kalman clinic has closed

important information for the morgan kalman clinic patients

the offices of the morgan kalman clinic are closed. after decades of practicing medicine our providers have retired from clinical practice and are no longer actively treating patients. our entire staff wishes to extend its sincerest gratitude for allowing us to be a part of your lives. it has been both a unique opportunity and an absolute privilege. if you need additional information, referrals or medical records, you can contact agianakis@morgankalman.com. to view more resources and the complete statement, click here..



 



what are prp (platelet rich plasma) and stem cell therapies?
may 25, 2017 · news highlights · comments off on what are prp (platelet rich plasma) and stem cell therapies?

the morgan kalman clinic provides regenerative therapies: prp (platelet rich plasma) and stem cells (via bone marrow concentrate) to treat a variety of orthopedic/sports medicine conditions. regenerative therapies offer an alternative to treatment of injuries and in some cases surgery. some people have conditions that do not respond to standard treatment.
read more



 



sports specialization and the young athlete
may 25, 2017 · news highlights · comments off on sports specialization and the young athlete

is there increased risk of injury? the answer is yes according to this study performed at ann & robert h. lurie children’s hospital of chicago as reported in the april 2015 addition of the american journal of sports medicine.
read more



 
 
more news






testimonials




 
matt moore
“dr. kalman, the leg is as good as new! now when i start winning some of the big european track meets, perhaps then i could earn a spot on your wall of autographs! thanks for everything!”


 




 
jeff brantley, phillies #45
sports medicine
“thanks for putting me back on the mound when everyone else said for me to retire.”


 
 
view testimonials






 
quick linkshome
regenerative therapies
news
patient forms
frequently asked questions
contact the morgan kalman clinic



 

 






2023 all rights reserved. medical website design by king medical









x




important information for the morgan kalman clinic patients

the offices of the morgan kalman clinic are closed. after decades of practicing medicine our providers have retired from clinical practice and are no longer actively treating patients. our entire staff wishes to extend its sincerest gratitude for allowing us to be a part of your lives. it has been both a unique opportunity and an absolute privilege. if you need additional information, referrals or medical records, you can contact agianakis@morgankalman.com. to view more resources and the complete statement, click here.. 

view retirement letter

























