


mrs. schwiebert's fulbright japan adventure!






















    
	mrs. schwiebert's fulbright japan adventure!
	
  
welcome to my japan journal!  my name is kathy schwiebert and i am a 5th grade teacher at prairie vale elementary school in edmond, oklahoma.  last march i was notified that i had been chosen to be a japan fulbright memorial fund teacher. this october 9th through october 28th, i will be winging my way to tokyo,japan and and then onto gujo in the japanese prefecture of gifu as one of 200 educators from the united states visiting japan as guests of the government of japan


previous posts

thoughts about japan!!!
home to edmond!!!
interesting pictures!
okay, i am not making this up!!!
gujo physical education field day!
what's for dinner?
my calligraphy experience!
gujo high school
gujo high school
my host family's home!!!!!!!!

archives

september 2005
october 2005
november 2005







thursday, november 17, 2005



	 
	 thoughts about japan!!!
	 
    


it is hard to believe that i have been back home for three weeks. lots of thoughts and memories are still fresh in my mind. i'm posting this picture, again, because it was truly one of my favorite memories - talking to a group of young, high school men, who were my son's age. we talked about peace, and war, and dreams for the future. these young men have wonderful lives ahead of them - my hope and prayer is that all the young men and women of our world - have peaceful lives ahead of them.plans for my future include working with my homeroom students to write and create a multi-media presentation all about japan. we are going to put together a presentation about japan - it's culture, people, and education. we are going to learn a japanese dance - the kawasaki. we are going to take our presentation "on the road" and share our knowledge and insights with people at our school, our district, and our town. stay tuned - exciting things are still to come!!!



posted by mrs. s @ 3:10 pm 

       





saturday, october 29, 2005



	 
	 home to edmond!!!
	 
    


this was the last picture i took in japan. these are my bags, left outside my hotel room, to be taken to the airport. because we crossed the international date line, i lived through 2 thursdays!!! it was the never-ending thursday because i ended up being up for over 24 hours straight. the trip back took about 11 and 1/2 hours, then a few hours at the chicago airport, then home to oklahoma. my wonderful daughter, kristin, met me at the airport and brought me home. i have missed my family, friends, and students very much. i have had the experience of a life-time, but it is so good to be home. i hope to share more of this amazing experience with my students in the coming weeks. sayonnara!!



posted by mrs. s @ 6:55 am 

       





friday, october 28, 2005



	 
	 interesting pictures!
	 
    


the first picture is of me at the sample food factory - the bowl of soup i am holding is not real!!! it looks so realistic, though, i had to take a picture. also, notice the poster in the background - it is advertising the gujo dance festival.  i bought one just like it for our classroom.  the second picture needs to be clicked on and then see if you can see the name of the car. the third picture is the gps device in yoshinori's car. you can push a button and it turns into an in-dash tv!!!!!!!!



posted by mrs. s @ 10:14 pm 

       








	 
	 okay, i am not making this up!!!
	 
    


please look closely at this sign. there were 2 or 3 of these posted on the highway to gujo. we asked our guide, ishi, what they meant. she told us that this area has wild monkeys and that this is a warning to watch for wild monkeys!!!!!!!!!!!!! do you think the state of oklahoma should put up signs like this around the highway near camp classen????????



posted by mrs. s @ 10:10 pm 

       








	 
	 gujo physical education field day!
	 
    


on the sunday of my home stay, the family took me to a physical education day at one of the local schools. about 7 different schools participated and the festivities included children and adults. as i was quietly watching the proceedings, one of the older gentlemen walked over to me, took my hand, and invited me to join his team ( all this was conveyed without a word being exchanged!). it was then that i realized i was part of the balloon squishing team!! the proud sign of victory you see is me celebrating the fact that i ran the length of the field, put my balloon on a chair, sat on it, and squished it faster than the gentleman from the other team. my team won!!! i got to high-five my whole team!!! the other pictures are of the children's race, ikaho and her friends, the tug-of-war, and tama-ire ( a game where 2 large baskets are set at the top of poles. red and white compete with each other to see which team can throw the most balls into the baskets). my team did not do as well with tama-ire! it was a great day and the rain only added to the fun!



posted by mrs. s @ 9:56 pm 

       








	 
	 what's for dinner?
	 
    


at my host family home, i was treated to suki-yaki.  yoko made this dish from scratch.  it is beef, bean curd, vegetables, shirataki (gelatin-like) noodles, cooked in an iron pan with soy sauce, and served with raw egg.  delicious!!!!



posted by mrs. s @ 9:47 pm 

       








	 
	 my calligraphy experience!
	 
    


little did i know that when i went up these narrow steps, i was entering the world of a master calligrapher!!  my host family had arranged for me to take a calligraphy lesson with their daughter, yoriko.  this calligraphy teacher was masterful, and it was a pleasure to work with him.  as we were getting ready to leave, hiroko, told him who i was and that i was there with a teacher program.  he got right to work and made 2 amazing calligraphies for me.  i assured him that his work would find an honored place in my home in oklahoma!



posted by mrs. s @ 9:28 pm 

       








	 
	 gujo high school
	 
    


gujo high school was started in 1918 as a girls' school and is currently celebrating its' 87th year. it's primary purpose is to develop a school trusted by its community. the school saying is, "enduring the frost", which was loosely translated for us, which  means " to fully utilize one's own unique qulities to accomplish one's goals." the high school has 4 strands of study:1. regular - which is the hardest2. general - which has a little more latitude3. forestry science - boys only4. food distributioni found the students to be serious about their work, very friendly, and happy to share their usage of english. all students wear uniforms, and the majority of students plan to go on to private or national universities in japan.



posted by mrs. s @ 9:17 pm 

       








	 
	 gujo high school
	 
    


one of my most memorable moments was in the classroom of the handsome, young men pictured here. the teacher spoke very good english and invited a few u.s. teachers who were observing to speak to these young men. i asked how old they were and several of them were my son, matthew's, age - 17. i spoke to them from a mother's heart - that my wish for them was for a world with no more war and that they and my son could grow up to live their lives in a world of peace. i shared that i thought programs like the japan fulbright memorial fund were a wonderful way to get people from other parts of our world to meet. i shared that it is much, much harder to go to war with people once you have looked into their eyes. i found these young men very respectful and i am glad that i had the opportunity to meet them all. thank you, sensei, for inviting me to talk with your class.



posted by mrs. s @ 9:03 pm 

       








	 
	 my host family's home!!!!!!!!
	 
    


here are some pictures of the beautiful home of my host family. this home has been in this family for over 100 years. the home is located about 20 minutes outside of the town, up a mountain road, surrounded by beautiful trees. i feel honored to have been a guest in this home.



posted by mrs. s @ 8:54 pm 

       








	 
	 pictures of my host family!!
	 
    


 while i was in gujo, i was having some trouble with my camera, but i finally was able to download my pictures of my host family!! meet the furuhashi family! yoshinori is a vice-principal at the junior high and his wife, yoko is an elementary school teacher. daughter, hiroko (21), is a student at nara women's university. daughter, kasumi (16), is a student at seki high school. daughter,yoriko (11), is a student in elementary school. i was fortunate to have a host grandmother and grandfather, and i was honored to be able to call them oba-san (grandmother) and oji-san (grandfather). oba-san is a magnificent quilter and her work can be seen throughout this beautiful home.



posted by mrs. s @ 8:19 pm 

       





wednesday, october 26, 2005



	 
	 i'm leaving for the airport in 1 hour!!!!
	 
    


it is a rainy day here in tokyo! i have just had breakfast at the restaurant on the 40th floor of the new otani hotel. it has been a wonderful adventure, but i am excited about coming home. i will be leaving narita airport around 2:oo this afternoon, and then i have a 12 hour flight to chicago, a few hours layover and then home to oklahoma - long day. i will probably be up at the school this weekend working on grades and getting used to being back in my classroom. i am so grateful to mrs. landon for being my substitute, i never worried for a moment because i knew you were in such good hands. i look forward to seeing you soon. i have missed you all!!!!love, mrs. schwiebert



posted by mrs. s @ 4:43 pm 

       








	 
	 random pictures from japan!
	 
    






posted by mrs. s @ 7:18 am 

       








	 
	 did i mention how beautiful gujo is???
	 
    


these are all pictures taken of the view from the gujo elementary school's hallway.  not only is it a beautiful view, you can hear the water rushing past also!  i'm not sure i would get much studying done in these surroundings.



posted by mrs. s @ 7:08 am 

       








	 
	 mt. fuji
	 
    


if you look real closely, you can see just the tip of mt. fuji in the distance.  i was traveling on the bullet train at up to 160 mph when i took this picture.  the clouds parted for just a second and then it was gone again!



posted by mrs. s @ 7:02 am 

       








	 
	 music class is so tiring!!!!!
	 
    


this was one of my favorite classes at the elementary school.  the children were playing keyboards, but they had to blow into these tubes to get the sound to come out?!?!  anyway, right in the middle of our observation, one little boy just put his head down and he went to sleep!



posted by mrs. s @ 6:56 am 

       









 





