





lower mainland electric motors & power transmission products | b&b bearing and electric motor ltd.
 


















































 


covid-19 alert. please read about our changes here. 







skip to content
 







604.591.3371
















604.591.3371























home
sales

power transmission
electric motors
motor speed drives
linear systems


our services

electric motor repair
hot tub / swimming pool pump overhaul
furnace motor & blower overhaul


about us
contact us






 








 
car1_1540411094the impossible we do today, miracles we do tomorrow.
we are committed to servicing you in such a manner so as to ensure a 100% satisfied experience.
super-e-new_1540411095the motor products & repair services you need
find out how we can help you today, whether you need electric motor repairs done, a hot tub or swimming pool overhaul or a furnace motor/blower overhaul.
shutterstock_154226075_154041109550 years in business!
we provide the products and services you can count on.
about us 
 



 





 







quality transmission & motor parts
view our extensive inventory of parts for nearly every type of motor.
sales




  







prepared to fix any motor issue
from your pool/spa to your furnace, if it’s got a motor, we can service/repair it.
our services




  







get the answers and support you need
don’t delay in securing the help you need; if you procrastinate, the problem will only get worse.
contact us




 










lower mainland electric motors & power transmission products
b&b bearing and electric motor ltd. in surrey, bc sells and services electric motors and power transmission products. we’re a 100% canadian family-owned business, and have been since we opened our doors in 1970.
b&b bearing and electric motor ltd. started business as a motor rewind and repair facility. with the growing demands of a growing surrey, b&b expanded into bearing, power transmission and motor sales, serving companies, cities and corporations from whistler to langley and beyond.
we work with clients in a variety of industries throughout the lower mainland, including food, construction, recycling, newsprint and woodworking.

our fully ticketed journeymen – electric motor technicians ensure that all repairs are done well, and in a timely fashion.
our priority is to keep our customers happy by providing them with services they can really count on.
our on-phone sales staff all have a minimum of twenty years of experience in the industry, with two motor winder/electricians on staff to answer all your electrical needs.
b&b also has an extensive inventory to satisfy the most demanding customer.
but what makes b&b the choice in bearings and electric motors is the quality of service and products that has kept b&b and its loyal customers in business for 50 years.

what b&b can offer above and beyond your regular bearing house/repair shop is complete service for your industrial needs. with our expertise in motors of all descriptions, we can offer solutions, not just o.e.m. replacements. as well as maintenance to keep your motors and equipment running for years to come.
we are the sales distributor for 15 manufacturers and provide factory authorized warranty services for: baldor electric, leeson electric, mk saw products and toshiba electric. for more information, contact us today at 604-591-3371.
















how may we help you?
schedule an appointment today.

name*email*

phone*message:

 














check out the baldor energy savings tool on itunes



 











                                    why work with us?                                


family owned since 1970we have an extensive inventoryour phone sales staff have a minimum of 20 years of experiencewe are committed to 100% customer satisfactionwe ensure repairs are done right and in a timely manner 






















home
sales
our services
about us
contact us
 





b & b bearing and electric motor - electric motors & power transmission products 
located at 10-7788 132nd street 
surrey, bc v3w 0h5 
view map









call today 
604.591.3371







keep in touch

















							© 2018 all rights reserved.						

site map
privacy policy
accessibility statement
 











 




















