















mill valley, ca | official website









 















skip to main content




















 














home










 
 
 


    government      business      community       services      how do i...      departments  


 

 

 

 

 







 












search







 
 
 












 














stay connected








emergency preparedness








meetings & agendas










 
 














employment








road closures & traffic








report an issue










 
 
 



 














pool schedule








building services & forms








measure l: sales tax measure








library events










 
 
 



























 







news & announcements







stay connected with mill valley
 






  
 
 











join in the celebration of black history month! 

activities and events to fill your calendar for the month of february in honor of black history month:				read on...




city council discusses after action report on december 27, 2024 flooding 

at their meeting on monday, january 27, the city council received an informational update regarding findings from the recently published after action report on the december 27, 2024 flooding incident.				read on...




a message from the fire chief, chris tubbs - la fires 

?with the recent events in los angeles, it’s understandable that residents are concerned and have questions about similar risks in marin county, as well as the efforts being made to reduce those risks and prevent a similar event from occurring here.				read on...




eyes up marin - tip of the month - watch for pedestrians 

the eyes up, marin campaign is part of the street smarts program and safe routes to schools, locally funded programs of the transportation authority of marin. learn more about how mill valley is participating.				read on...





view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 



  
 

















help prevent "bias by proxy"
we each have the power to build a welcoming, inclusive community.









mill valley stands united against hate 
united against hate in mill valley









business licenses 
application, fee information, contact info and more.









sign up for alerts 
sign up today for emergency alerts. know where to find the latest news in an emergency.









mvconnect: the latest news
check out the latest news & sign up today!









housing in mill valley
the latest on affordable housing initiatives









current projects 
click to learn about current infrastructure projects from our public works team.









diversity, equity and inclusion
the city of mill valley commits to act and encourage community action towards eliminating racial disparities, both inside government and in the community.









mill valley's webcasting and ecomment program for public meetings
the city encourages community members to use this remote form of civic participation.























  
 
 








 







upcoming events







join us
 






  
 
 











feb
17	


closed for presidents' day

closed for presidents' dayread on...






feb
18	


zoning administrator meeting

zoning administrator meetingread on...



starduster tuesdays

starduster tuesdaysread on...






feb
20	


sasm commissioners board meeting 

sasm commissioners board meeting read on...






feb
23	


marin wedding & event expo

marin wedding & event exporead on...






feb
24	


regular city council meeting

regular city council meetingread on...




view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







mill valley city hall26 corte madera avenuemill valley, ca 94941phone: 415-388-4033monday - thursdayhours: 8 am to 5 pm
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







city council



city organization chart



financials



history of mill valley



municipal code









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







helpful links







city site home



site map



contact us



accessibility



copyright notices



privacy policy









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®












 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close



















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









