















freshness














skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar






freshness

















friday, may 2, 2008







i am a slut and i am a whore!





i have to tell you that tommy taylor and i just got off of the phone. we had chatted a tad about my sexapades and his taxes. we got into the conversation about sexuality. it’s just another thing i don’t understand. i mean, i am called a whore and a slut… why? it’s because i am open, it’s because i don’t feel the need to lie and conform to society. i think it’s okay to fuck when you are horny. i mean, i have feelings too. i love to “make love” and snuggle, but i also love to fuck.tommy said it perfect. in a majority, girls are just like me, in the way that they think. i agree with him saying, that they may not do it to the extend or as often as i do it. however, these girls who are calling me a slut and a whore, have thought about taking a black dick… or they have thought about being gang banged. they are just scared. society has taught women that they should shun their sexual desires, their fantasies, the things that people might think are “wrong”! well, i don’t give a fuck! if i am at a local bar, and i am horny… i am getting laid! if i want to sleep with a man the first night i meet him, i am going to. if i think it is hot to take a man out of the club, blow him in his car, and return to the club, i am going to do it~! if that makes me a “slut” and a “whore” then damnit, i am fucking proud! i am going to be the best damn “slut” and “whore” that i can be! i learnt from the best in classic porn!i just want to let all the women out there now, who hate me for this something. i want you all to know i feel for you. i feel for the fact that you will probably never be able to full fill your fantasies. i hope the men you sleep with, you fuck you in two positions are good enough. it might be alright though, it’s obviously possible to go your whole life without being able to express yourself. i just want to say that i don’t think there is anything wrong with being open! be safe, and be happy… thats all that matters! you only live life once!i don’t have regrets, there aren’t things i am ashamed of. i am who i am, everything i have done has built my character. one day i will find someone who is on the same level. until then i will continue to blog. i will continue to delete hateful comments, and read hateful emails! i am okay with that though. muah!i am going to embrace my slutty and whorish potential!slut |sl?t| noun; a slovenly or promiscuous woman.whore |hã´r| noun; derogatory a prostitute. • a promiscuous womanpromiscuous |pr?'miskyoo?s| adjective; 1 derogatory having many sexual relationships, esp. transient ones • (of sexual behavior or a society)





posted by



doughs




at

4:06 am



























home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)






blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2008

(1)





        ▼ 
      



may

(1)

i am a slut and i am a whore!












 







