








home page











 


 

mechanical tv 
 mechanical tv history how it works mechanical sets at the museum gallery database summary broadcasting advertising articles restoration roger dupouy's site peter yanczer's site gerolf poetschke's site eckhard etzold's site 


early electronic tv 
 early electronic television history american sets at the museum british sets at the museum gallery database summary crts other equipment advertising articles restoration broadcasting technical information gerolf poetschke's site eckhard etzold's site 


postwar tv 
 postwar american tv history postwar american sets at the museum british/europen tv history british/europen sets at the museum   tv in the rest of the world  gallery of unusual sets broadcasting crts other equipment advertising articles restoration technical information eckhard etzold's site 


early color tv 
 early color tv history sets at the museum gallery database summary broadcasting technical information crts advertising articles restoration pete deksnis's site ed reitan's color television history eckhard etzold's site 


the museum 
 the early television foundation about the museum directions to the museum articles about the museum support the museum join our email list our newsletter - "what's new in old tvs" equipment donations museum members and supporters members only monthly online meetings annual convention swapmeets 


other information 
 what's new on the site classifieds parts for sale resources search the site 


contact us 
 contact us facebook youtube channel 

  


 
welcome to the early television foundation and museum 
theâ early television foundationâ is dedicated to the preservation of the technology from the early days of television. our  mission is to preserve and make available to the public the history of early television, from the mechanical systems of the 1920s through the introduction of color television in the 1950s.
                     
                 the early television museum and foundation depends on donations to fund our operations. please consider making a tax-deductible contribution to the early television foundation. 

 


 
january  newsletter available to members
earlier newletters available to all
mike molnar and robert ring have created a monthly newsletter "what's new in old tvs". current month newsletter is available to museum members. older issues are available to all.                   

a major new museum acquistion                   
al mackenzie has donated a rare prewar set to the museum - an atc kinet. it is the only known surviving example. when it arrives in hilliard, we will document this unusual set and put the set on display.


it is time to renew your membership for 2025. please join the museum, or renew your museum membership now
                   
to date, we have 207 2025 members. this includes 9 lifetime members, 37 sustaining members. and 36 new or returning members. there are still 50 2024 members who have not yet renewed.  please renew as soon as you can.





it                      is time to renew your membership for 2025, or to join for the first time.                      membershipsâ  provide the funds we need to operate                      and improve the museum. please renew now - the cost                      is only $35. support the museum, and get these                      additional benefits too:



 free admission to the museum for you and your                          family


discounted  convention admission fee

monthly newsletter - "what's new in old tvs" 

thanks.
join, or renew your membership






 
february online meeting of the early television                      museum community
february 22 at 8 pm edt


our february                                meeting will feature                            three segments: first, steve mcvoy will update                            news of the early television foundation,                            followed by a look at an item in the museum's                            collection. then we will have an open topic                            discussion. feel free to introduce any topic                            you are interested in.



register for the 2025 early television museum convention
the 2025 convention will be held may 2-4 at the museum in hilliard



swapmeet
silent auction
live auction
presentations about early television technology, history, and collecting
restoraton workshop - setting final adjustments with bob andersen
rare mechanical, prewar and color sets will be demonstrated
meet and socialize with others interested in early television



the 2025 convention

the museum has a good stock of nos and good used crts for sale. we also have many nos flybacks, yokes and transformers for sale.

charlina johnson, a contributor to our monthly online meeting, lost her home in the altadena file. her son has started a gofundme account to help her rebuild. please contribute if you can.




the museum is open saturdays from 10 to 6 and sundays 12 to 5 
 
 


 


recent additions to our collection




rca tk-25 prototype film chain

atc kinet

jenkins prismatic disk



bell systems picturephone mod 1

a. c. neilsen recordimeter
 

crosley color wheel set



in the museum's collection



mechanical television
early electronic television
american postwar television
british, and european postwar tv 
early color television
mechanical broadcast equipment
early electronic broadcast equipment
postwar broadcast equipment
color broadcast equipment to make text larger in single column tables.  to make text larger in single column tables. to make text larger in single column tables 

early electronic picture tubes
postwar picture tubes
color picture tubes
early electronic television antennas
postwar television antennas
postwar television accessories
early electronic television test equipment
dealer display items to make text larger in single column tables.  to make text larger in single column tables. to make text larger in single column tables 


we welcome your comments and suggestions about our website. pleaseâ contactâ the foundation atâ info@earlytelevision.org.











            web
            


            earlytelevision.org
            
            













 




 








 




early television museum
5396 franklin st., hilliard, oh 43026
(614) 771-0510
info@earlytelevision.org








