








icici direct - online share trading in india at low brokerage




































                                    stocks
                                



                                            invest
                                        



                                            markets
                                        



                                            index
                                        



                                            sectors
                                        



                                            products
                                        



                                            share market news
                                        



                                            brokerage
                                        



                                            
                                            stock screener (i-lens)
                                        



                                            e-atm order
                                        



                                            sme stocks
                                        





                                    mutual fund
                                



                                            invest
                                        



                                            explore
                                        



                                            nfo corner
                                            




                                            products
                                        



                                            elss
                                        



                                            one click mutual fund
                                        



                                            amc corner
                                        



                                            sip
                                        



                                            retirement solutions
                                        





                                    etf
                                



                                            overview
                                        





                                    budget 2024
                                



                                    futures & options
                                



                                            invest
                                        



                                            markets
                                        



                                            products
                                        




                                            my watchlist
                                        



                                            execution algos
                                        



                                            pro trader insight series
                                        



                                            one click f&o
                                        



                                            super trader challenge
                                        



                                            breezeapi
                                        





                                    currency
                                



                                            invest
                                        



                                            markets
                                        



                                            products
                                        



                                            futures
                                        



                                            options
                                        



                                            corporates
                                        





                                    commodity
                                



                                            invest
                                        



                                            markets
                                        



                                            products
                                        



                                            live webinar
                                        



                                            options
                                        



                                            corporates
                                        





                                    ipo
                                



                                            invest
                                        



                                            markets
                                        



                                            apply ipo through upi
                                        





                                    insurance
                                



                                            insurance
                                        





                                    loan
                                



                                            overview
                                        





                                    fd & bonds
                                



                                            icici bank fd
                                        



                                            icici home finance fd
                                        



                                            sovereign gold bonds
                                        



                                            real estate investment trust
                                            
                                        



                                            new bonds on offer
                                        



                                            floating rate savings bond
                                        



                                            government securities
                                        



                                            bonds
                                        



                                            exchange traded bonds
                                        





                                    nps
                                



                                            about nps
                                        



                                            top performing nps schemes
                                        



                                            nps calculator
                                        



                                            nps account type
                                        



                                            nps important faq and disclosures
                                        





                                    research
                                



                                            overview
                                        



                                            equity
                                        



                                            derivative
                                        



                                            equity trending news
                                        





                                    ilearn
                                



                                            self learning
                                        



                                            multipie
                                        



                                            investonomics
                                        



                                            faq
                                        





                                    services
                                



                                            customer care
                                        



                                            brokerage
                                        



                                            corporate services
                                        



                                            pms
                                        



                                            open account
                                        



                                            tax
                                        



                                            masters of the street
                                        



                                            market outlook webinar
                                        



                                            tax filling
                                        



                                            retirement planning
                                        



                                            will drafting
                                        



                                            goal planner
                                        



                                            features and products
                                        



                                            brokerage fees and charges
                                        





                                    partner with us
                                



                                            business partner
                                        



                                            partner universe
                                        





                                    wealth
                                



                                    global invest
                                



                                    calculators
                                




























                            login
                        


open icici 3-in-1 account
nri
login

































rs 7 lakh crores+ in assets
27 years of legacy
4.0 star rating – forbes advisory

live the and life


invest 
trade
wealth management







 stocks 
 mutual funds 
 fixed income 
 ipo 
 etf 
 nps 



get access to convenient features like

 ✓  stock sip - sip in individual stocks /etfs
 ✓ one click equity- more than 30+ theme based portfolios are available
 ✓ 	one click mutual funds & more 

so why wait?
open an account today!







 stocks 
 futures and options 
 commodities 



get access to convenient platforms & features, like

 ✓ flash trade for clutter free trading
 ✓ gtt orders to track the market
 ✓ eatm to receive money within 5 minutes of selling stocks* 
 ✓ margin trading funding (mtf) to buy stocks now and pay later 

✓ payout analyzer & other tools, resources, research & live market commentary you
                                                need to stay on top of the stock market
                                            


                                            …that too, at preferential prices with brokerage plans like icicidirect prime
                                            so why wait?
                                        
* 75% of the amount
open an account today!










                                            get experts to manage your wealth with
icici securities private wealth management – 
                                            where senior private bankers manage over
₹ 3.7 lakh crore in assets for more than 91,000 customers

explore more










products we offer




stocks





futures and options





mutual funds





commodity





currency





fixed income





ipo





loans





insurance





etf





nps









new to investing

seasoned investors 
awesome features
our platforms 




 



new to investing





get started on your investment journey with our diverse and easy to use range of products and features




stock sip

start an sip in individual stocks/etfs and invest in a disciplined manner




flash trade

simplified chart-based f&o trading with up/down buttons - a single  screen to track, trade & exit




one click equity

more than 30+ theme based portfolios are available 




one click f&o

choose from a range of readymade research backed trading strategies




one click mf

readymade investment packs of mutual funds









seasoned  investors
advanced tools and features to help you trade online in all key segments - stocks, futures & options, commodities & currencies 






margin

benefit from daily price movements of the stock




shares as margin

generate 100% trading limits for your pledged shares, at 0% interest (*scrip wise haircut shall be applicable, interest of 0.027%/day on carry forward positions of i-value customers)




margin plus

eliminate the need of monitoring market continuosly 




order slicing algos

precisely timed auto slices of your large orders, no more worries of market volatility




margin trade funding

buy stocks now and pay later with mtf




scalping algo

rule based automated buying  & selling of contracts. just sit  back and relax while the system trades for you




f&o basket orders

add upto 50 different contracts in a single basket and place all in a single click. even upload your own strategy in csv format




free breeze api

build, check and trade your strategies in live markets using free to use apis.

















awesome features
online trading and investing in the market does not have to be boring



good till triggered orders (gtt)
place a three-legged f&o order with buy/sell, target, and stoploss  at once. order stays valid until  expiry of contract




payoff analyzer

explore expected payoff levels for your f&o strategies at different market levels and scenarios




smart stock alerts

stay updated about your portfolio and stocks at all times. 




e-atm order

receive money within 5 minutes of selling stocks









our platforms







download our app 

                                        icicidirect app
                                        - all in 1
                                    
designed to deliver customized wealth solutions to cater all financial needs

 ✓	stocks, mutual funds, f&o, ipo, commodity, currency, fd & bonds, insurance, global invest
 ✓	one stop destination for trading & investment ideas
 ✓	tools that makes trading and investing easy

















download our app 

simplify your understanding of investments without any cost

 ✓	quick learning with 2-5 min capsules, as well as detailed modules 
 ✓	choice to learn in your preferred medium: read | watch | listen
 ✓	get market insights from industry experts



















latest blogs








11-feb-2025 icici securities 5 minutes

 sebi plans to allow pre-listing trading in shares to reduce grey market trading  










11-feb-2025 icici securities 5 minutes

 rising production of clean energy in india & its impact on market leaders  










11-feb-2025 icici securities 5 minutes

 kwality walls to get demerged from hul: impact and analysis  





discover more









                *please note brokerage would not exceed the sebi prescribed limit.
                
                *the securities are quoted as an example and not as a recommendation.
            








customer care number
022 3355 1122



alternate number
1860 123 1122







products

stocks
mutual funds
commodity
currency
fd and bonds
insurance
etf
nps
futures & options
loan
ipo
union budget 2025
smallcase

popular stock/share companies

irctc share price
yes bank share price
ioc share price
irfc share price
tata steel share price
reliance industries share price
sbi share price
company directory



services

pms
brokerage
retirement planning
masters of the street
nri services
customer care
wealth
corporate services
tax
about us
contact us-escalation matrix
privacy policy
smart odr
irra
investor alert on fraudulent practices
frequently asked questions(faqs)

popular stock/share companies

icici bank share price
coal india share price
bharti airtel share price
tata power share price
tcs share price
happiest minds share price
tata motors share price



ilearn

demat account fees and charges
difference between dematerialisation and rematerialisation
what is demat account
how to use demat account
how to choose best demat account
features and benefits of demat account
how to open demat account
documents required to open demat account
difference between demat account and trading account
muhurat trading
webinar

trending at icicidirect

lic ipo
e-atm
sip investment
mtf



calculators

simple interest calculator
compound interest calculator
ebitda margin calculator
future value calculator
lumpsum calculator
emi calculator
gratuity calculator
brokerage calculator
swp calculator
sip calculator
cagr calculator
home loan emi calculator
education loan calculator

account opening

demat account
trading account



indices

nifty 50
nifty bank
nifty 100
nifty next 50
nifty midcap 100
bse sensex
s&p bse 100
s&p bse midcap
global indices


                            icici bank group websites
                        

icici bank
icici foundation
icici securities
icici lombard general insurance
icici prudential life insurance
icici prudential amc
icici venture
icici direct
icici home finance
icici securities primary dealership ltd



learning

articles
podcast
webinar
investonomics
videos
modules
multipie
webstories

tools and platforms

i-track
oneassist
trading platforms
our websites / applications / social media handles
list of authorised persons






disclaimer :
+



the non-broking products / services like mutual funds, insurance, fd/ bonds, loans, pms, tax, elocker, nps, ipo, research, financial learning, esop funding etc. are not exchange traded products / services and icici securities ltd. is just acting as a distributor/ referral agent of such products / services and all disputes with respect to the distribution activity would not have access to exchange investor redressal or arbitration mechanism.stock brokers can accept securities as margin from clients only by way of pledge in the depository system w.e.f. september 1, 2020. update your mobile number & email id with your stock broker/depository participant and receive otp directly from depository on your email id and/or mobile number to create pledge. pay minimum 20% upfront margin of the transaction value to trade in cash market segment. investors may please refer to the exchange's frequently asked questions (faqs) issued vide nse circular reference nse/insp/45191 dated july 31, 2020; bse notice no. 20200731-7 dated july 31, 2020 and nse circular reference no. nse/insp/45534 dated august 31, 2020; bse notice no. 20200831-45 dated august 31, 2020 and other guidelines issued from time to time in this regard. check your securities /mf/ bonds in the consolidated account statement issued by nsdl/cdsl every month.
disclaimer : icici securities attempts to ensure the highest level of integrity, correctness and authenticity of the content and data updated on the site. however, we may have not reviewed all of the contents and data present on the site and are not responsible or we take no guarantees whatsoever as to its completeness, correctness or accuracy since these details are acquired from third party. in the event that any inaccuracy arises, we will not be liable for any loss or damage that arises from the usage of the content.
features such as advanced charts, watchlists, f&o insights @ fingertips, payoff analyzer, basket order, cloud order, option express, e-atm, systematic equity plan (sep), i-track, i-lens, price improvement order, flash trade, strategy builder etc., are offered by icici securities. the securities quoted are exemplary and are not recommendatory. such representations are not indicative of future results. icici securities is not making the offer, holds no warranty & is not representative of the delivery service, suitability, merchantability, availability or quality of the offer and/or products/services under the offer. any disputes regarding delivery, services, suitability, merchantability, availability or quality of the offer and / or products / services under the offer must be addressed in writing, by the customer directly to respective merchants and icici securities will not entertain any communications in this regard. the information mentioned herein above is only for consumption by the client and such material should not be redistributed.

                        name of investment adviser as registered with sebi : icici securities limited  type of registration : non individual  registration number : ina000000094  bse membership certificate no- 1336  validity of registration : valid till suspended or cancelled by sebi  registered office address : icici venture house, appasaheb marathe marg, prabhadevi, mumbai - 400025  telephone numbers : 022 - 6807 7100  email id : mfadvisory@icicisecurities.com  name of principal officer : mr. umesh balani  contact no : 022 - 6807 7100  email id : mfadvisory@icicisecurities.com  name of the compliance officer: mr. nirav shah  contact number: 022 - 4084 0336  email id : mfadvisory@icicisecurities.com  name of grievance redressal officer:- mr. bhavesh soni  telephone no. of grievance redressal officer:- 022 - 6807 7400  email id : mfadvisory@icicisecurities.com  corresponding sebi regional / local office address : securities & exchange board of india, plot no.c4-a, 'g' block bandra-kurla complex, bandra (east), mumbai - 400051, maharashtrasebi research analyst registration number - inh000000990

                        name of the compliance officer (research analyst): mr. atul agrawal
                        contact number: 022 - 40701000
email id: complianceofficer@icicisecurities.com 

                    none of the research recommendations promise or guarantee any assured, minimum or risk free return to the investors.disclaimer : registration granted by sebi, membership of basl and certification from nism in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or provide any assurance of returns to investors.
                    
attention investors : prevent unauthorized transactions in your account. update your mobile numbers/email ids with your stock brokers. receive information of your transactions directly from exchange on your mobile/email at the end of the day.... issued in the interest of investors (ref nse : circular no.: nse/insp/27346, bse : notice 20140822-30.) it has been observed that certain fraudsters have been collecting data from various sources of investors who are trading in exchanges and sending them bulk messages on the pretext of providing investment tips and luring the investors to invest in bogus entities by promising huge profits. you are advised not to trade on the basis of sms tips and to take an informed investment decision based on authentic sources.... issued in the interest of investor of investor (refnse : circular no.: nse/comp/42549, bse:notice 20191018-7)
icici securities limited:
registered office:  icici venture house,  appasaheb marathe marg,  prabhadevi, mumbai - 400 025, india  tel no: 022 - 6807 7100  fax: 022 - 6807 7803
cin: l67120mh1995plc086241
for any customer service related queries, assistance or grievances kindly call us at 1860 123 1122 or email id: headservicequality@icicidirect.com to mr. bhavesh soni
privacy policy | cookie policy |  disclaimer | sitemap|  investor charter
icicidirect.com is a part of icici securities and offers retail trading and investment services. 
member of national stock exchange of india limited (member code: 07730), bse limited (member code: 103) & metropolitan stock exchange (member code: 17680),multi commodity exchange of india limited (member code: 56250) sebi registration number inz000183631
name of compliance officer (broking) : ms. mamta shetty e-mail address : complianceofficer@icicisecurities.com / tel no: 022-4070 1000
investments in securities market are subject to market risks, read all the related documents carefully before investing. the contents herein above shall not be considered as an invitation or persuasion to trade or invest.  i-sec and affiliates accept no liabilities for any loss or damage of any kind arising out of any actions taken in reliance thereon. please note brokerage would not exceed the sebi prescribed limit.
margin trading is offered as subject to the provisions of sebi circular cir/mrd/dp/54/2017 dated june 13, 2017 and the terms and conditions mentioned in rights and obligations statement issued by i-sec.
account would be open after all procedure relating to ipv and client due diligence is completed.
icici securities ltd. (i-sec). registered office of i-sec is at icici securities ltd. - icici venture house, appasaheb marathe marg, mumbai - 400025, india, tel no: 022 - 6807 7100, fax: 022 - 6807 7803. composite corporate agent license no.ca0113. insurance is the subject matter of solicitation. icici securities ltd. does not underwrite the risk or act as an insurer. the advertisement contains only an indication of the cover offered. for more details on risk factors, terms, conditions and exclusions, please read the sales brochure carefully before concluding a sale.
responsible disclosure: in case you discover any security bug or vulnerability on our platform or cyber-attacks on our trading platform, please report it to  ciso@icicisecurities.com or contact us on 022-40701841 to help us strengthen our cyber security.





get social








download icicidirect app - all in 1











            copyright© 2022. all rights reserved. icici securities ltd. ®trademark registration in respect of the concerned mark has been applied for by icici bank limited.
        





