


home - alpine runners




























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twittermember loginmenuhomerun with us! weekly runs training programs run routes guest runner waiver weather / road safety contact usvolunteer with us! alpine races volunteer sign up marathon volunteer sign up club volunteer sign upjoin alpine club membership about us contact us shoe recycle volunteer opportunitiesalpine races alpine races sign up course maps for 5k/10mile parking map race day events map sponsorship race results & photos race photosevents event calendar kids running camp adopt a highway alpine races sign up marathon volunteer signup sponsorshipresources club shop newsletter (sample) photo gallery training resources (members) newsletter (members only) club discounts (members only) photo gallery (members only)






alpine races 5k and 10 milealpine races signupalpine runners the largest running club in the chicagoland areawe welcome all runners and encourage you to give us a try, no matter what your experience is.join us nowkeyboard_arrow_leftkeyboard_arrow_right•••••
club photo gallery countdown to race daycountdowncountdown to race day
the alpine runners club welcomes all runners and runners/walkers, regardless of pace or experience, and we’re a friendly bunch! we have folks ranging from a 7:30-minute pace to a 13:00-minute run/walk pace. distances range from 4 miles to 22 miles.


membership benefits and signupalpine races 2024
sunday, august 18th
the 44th annual lake zurich alpine races run along the streets and along the shores of lake zurich
* 5k and 10 miles courses are usatf certified
* youth mile  and kids races.
* alpine runners 10 miler is a 2024 cara circuit race and 2024 illinois rrca championship 10 mile run. 



register and race info



train with us

chicago marathon training
begins monday, june 10, 2024
1st weekly long run, saturday, june 15
lake zurich hs parking lot
7 am

alpine runners will follow hal higdon's 18 weeks programs (novice to experienced). 
water and gatorade will be provided every 2-3 miles during training as you progress to 20+ miles. 



all first time marathoners or seasoned marathoners are welcomed!volunteer for chicago marathon aid station 01 with alpine runners
 
hand out water or gatorade as you cheer on 2024 chicago marathon runners!
 
each volunteer receive the coveted water stop volunteer swag:  jacket, hat, and other credentials. 

sunday, october 13, 2024
5:00 am - 10:30 am 
state st and washington st, chicago, il 

come cheer your fellow runners!  
all family and friends are welcome!

hurry! spots fill up fast!



volunteer for aid station 01
 chicago marathon talk

alpine runners invite you to an evening talk with carey pinkowski, executive director of chicago marathon. hear the latest about this year's chicago marathon. carey will answer your questions and will inspire you for your next marathon experience. 


wednesday, august 28th,  6:00 pm
american legion
51 lions dr
lake zurich, il 

 
all runners are welcome!



upcoming alpine runners club eventswelcome to alpine
 
we are one of the largest running clubs in the chicagoland area
 
we welcome all runners and encourage you to give us a try, no matter what your experience is. we have runners working up to 4 miles, runners training for their first 5k, 10k, half marathon or full marathon, as well as seasoned marathon and ultramarathon runners of all sizes and speeds.



more infoalpine runners training programsalpine runners spring 5k training programalpine runners half marathon training programalpine runners are following a modified version of hal higdon's training program:alpine runners marathon training programalpine runners are following a modified version of hal higdon's training program:training programs
alpine races 2024 is a cara (chicago area running association) circuit event.

alpine races 2024 is also a rrca (road runners club of america) state championship event.

don't miss your chance to register and participate in this renowned race!our sponsors
the alpine runners would like to say thank you to our business sponsors who have helped make the 2023 alpine races possible. with their support we hosted a successful event and were able to continue to support our local food bank as well as other community causes.platinum sponsorgold sponsorsilver sponsorsplease visit our sponsors









home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









