






















careers | direct supply

























































 










unsupported browser! this website offers limited functionality in this browser. for the best website experience, please download the most recent version of chrome, firefox, safari, and edge.
						









solutions

procurement 

dssi™ platform  eprocurement and spend management tools
dssi™ analyze  spend analysis and insights
procurement services  spend management consulting
designer link  discover dedicated services for interior designers


building management 

tels® platform  optimize building maintenance, regulatory and asset management
tels® building services  repairs and projects from vetted, local technician network


design, construction & renovation 

aptura® services  senior living design, planning, procurement and construction
design services  inspiration and design help for any size of project
technology  consulting, systems and installation
maxwell thomas® products  beautiful, durable furniture designed for senior living


health & wellness 

connected care  ds smart® software optimizes your vitals documentation workflow
attendant® products  reliable clinical equipment for enhancing care and wellbeing
panacea® products  durable medical equipment for independence, comfort and care




insights
company

our company
our brands
innovation
careers
values
customer stories


contact
 shop
 
 






select page



  










careers
own your impact







bring your unique perspective, curiosity and ingenuity to a company where you are an owner.



view opportunities







purpose-driven work





for more than 35 years, we’ve been dedicated to improving the lives of america’s seniors. this value-driven mission guides every important decision we make. it’s what separates us, in a big way, from other companies. we prioritize developing our partners and the technologies needed to bring what’s next to senior care.

learn more















valueswe’re committed to cultivating an inclusive ownership culture that fosters innovation and drives business results.
explore our values







benefitswe care about your holistic well-being and offer competitive rewards and unexpected perks.
see benefits









cultureour culture is driven by our mission, rooted in our principles and supported by the flexibility our partners need to thrive in their work and their lives.
learn more







internshipslearn, grow and make an impact with meaningful work that will help you build your career.
get the details









innovationdiscover the creative ways we’re leveraging innovative thinking, machine learning, ai and data science at direct supply’s innovation & technology center (itc).
explore the itc








why apply to direct supply?







important notice: beware of fraudulent job offerswe have recently been made aware of fraudulent job offers that falsely represent direct supply. these scams typically involve remote job opportunities where the applicant is asked to deposit a check that appears to be from direct supply. if you receive any communication about a job offer from any employer that includes instructions to deposit a check from direct supply, it is a scam. do not deposit any such checks without first confirming their authenticity with direct supply.

view opportunities







become a partner owner

join a fun, innovative team that drives our shared success.
view open positions







 








contact us
need help or have a question? chat with us or contact support.

social


















  solutions


procurement
building management
design, construction & renovation
connected care
health & wellness





  products


shop by category
sales & deals
our brands
order history





  insights


browse by topic
product guides
webinars
stories





  company


about
careers
our values
customer stories
innovation







© 2009 - 2025 direct supply, inc. all rights reserved. terms of use & privacy
applicant privacy & legal information
sitemap


© 2009 - 2025 direct supply, inc. all rights reserved. 
   
application privacy & legal information
terms of use
privacy policy
cookie policy
california collection notice

your privacy choices 





 



















