






lott carey | extending the christian witness around the world.





















































home
about

lott carey history
mission
leadership

dr. gregory j. jackson
rev. dr. gina m stewart
rev. emmett l. dunn
dr. j. michael sanders
bro. gregory gabriel
dr. jesse t. williams
dr. james e. victor


global leadership


global impact

wise
men on missions
youth
short term missions
fighting hunger


events
initiatives

thriving congregations
disaster preparedness & response
anti human trafficking
the tamar campaign
hiv/aids prevention


news
resources

2024 end of year newsletter
2024 annual report
2024 herald magazine
2024 lenten meditations
individual membership
2024 prayer guide
pastors
podcasts
photo gallery
announcements


donate
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 











donate to lott carey

spiring missions conferencemarch 20-21, 2025
host church: trinity baptist church, columbus, ohiohost pastor: dr. victor m. davisregistration fee $135hotel information & reservation: embassy suites – columbus, oh
click this link to register for spring missions conference
click this link to make your hotel reservation for the spring missions conference
—
click this link to join lott carey’s new individual membership program.
click this link to order your i am lott carey t-shirt
 








global engagement








fighting hunger
kids against hunger – lott carey, inc. (kahlc) provides hydrated meals to children and families experiencing hunger in the united states and abroad.



learn more






 women in service everywhere

lott carey women in service everywhere (wise) mobilizes women to engage in missions around the world.  we work to, advance the lott carey global missional impact.




learn more






men on missions
missional leaders will have an opportunity to renew their commitment to equipping the laity to serve and strengthen communities at home and abroad.



learn more






youth
the lott carey international youth development (iyd) helps churches to nurture new generations of leaders for the world.



learn more





we have the power to impact the future, and we’re doing something about it

the work of lott carey creates major impact. around the world, we are making a huge difference by helping people to think and live differently. we work alongside indigenous leaders and communities engaged in evangelism, compassion, empowerment, and advocacy. from short-term missions to enduring educational institutions to vital medical initiatives, lott carey is touching lives with the transforming love of christ. together, we are building a better world through christian missions! the lott carey global christian missional community extends the christian witness around the world. though prayer partnership, financial support, and technical assistance, we are touching lives with transforming love together.

download 2023-2024 annual report

download 2022-2023 annual report

download 2021-2022 annual report



latest news




statement on the suspension of usaid services
feb 9, 2025 | news | 0 commentsthe lott carey baptist foreign mission convention expresses profound concern over president donald j. trump's recent decision to suspend the operations of the united states agency for international development (usaid) worldwide. this action threatens to reverse...
read more



spring missions conference 2025
jan 24, 2025 | news | 0 commentsdate: march 20-21, 2025 theme: mission transforms the world for god through benevolence, inspired by luke 10:25-37. host church: trinity baptist church, columbus, ohio host pastor: dr. victor m. davis registration fee: $135 hotel information & reservation: embassy...
read more


 
read more news





view all of our global engagement efforts














dollars raised fy '21/'22




volunteers & contributors




meals delivered

























“while we do our good works let us not forget that the real solution lies in a world in which charity will have become unnecessary.”
- chinua achebe













8201 corporate drive, suite 1245, landover, md 20785 • 301.429.3300



get in touch





followfollow



 








©2021. lott carey. all rights reserved. 























