













missouri online: teaching











  skip to main content














missouri online: teaching




toggle search


            menu
            






about


staff blog


canvas


knowledge base


teaching centers


contact us





main navigation


services

services sub-navigation





quality course reviews


design services


academic technology


program coordination


recruitment & student support






training & certifications

training & certifications sub-navigation





events calendar


online teaching certification seminar


online teaching recertification programs


sprint mini-courses for instructors


instructor bootcamps






resources

resources sub-navigation





artificial intelligence (ai)


digital accessibility


templates


portfolio


presentations & webinars


intercampus course sharing


campus support


staff directory


newsletter archive






student support

student support sub-navigation





admissions


advising


current online students


faculty & staff


grades and transcripts


missouri online community


prepare for your classes


proctored exams


set up for success


state authorization


technology














search





























missouri online


teaching





  









                       our knowledge base has moved
                  


missouri online has launched a new support website the week of nov. 11, 2024. we will continue to have the same great content but with many new features including a comprehensive and robust repository of articles.




  









                      artificial intelligence (ai)
                  




  









                      february 2025 newsletter
                  



























image
  








online coursesupportneed assistance with your course design? interested in improving the learner experience in your course? or are you looking for templates to use in canvas? design services is here to assist.learn more










training &
certifications









  








online teaching certification seminar

 faculty/instructors are invited to register for upcoming sessions of the online teaching certification seminar, which is offered periodically throughout the year.








  








online teaching recertification programs

 faculty, instructors, staff, and students who qualify for recertification can choose between two online teaching recertification programs that build upon skills developed within the 6-week online teaching certification seminar: the...








  








sprint mini-courses for instructors

 join our new fully autonomous and asynchronous instructor development program.

















image
  








academic technologysupportour academic technology team is ready to help you use the appropriate teaching and learning technologies in your online courses.get support










staff
blog


read more articles









  








february 2025 newsletter

      feb 07, 2025
    






  








find the tech support you need with our customer support portal

      jan 27, 2025
    

 our customer support portal is your best resource when you’re working with academic technologies. the site is filled with resources and help articles created just for instructors within the university...








  








january 2025 newsletter

      jan 10, 2025
    

 spring instructor bootcampwhat’s new for springget your courses ready for the spring semesterwe want your feedback on teaching.missouri.eduacademic technology help hours extended jan. 13 – 23...








  








streamlining course management with tidyup: a new pilot program

      dec 23, 2024
    

 as we strive to enhance the learning experience for students and instructors, we are excited to announce the upcoming pilot of the cidilabs tidyup tool. starting this january, this innovative...








  








what’s new for the spring semester

      dec 20, 2024
    

 in the last semester, canvas has updated some of its tools. here is a summary of these enhancements and how you can use them.








  








december newsletter details training opportunities, technology resources and more

      dec 20, 2024
    

 explore these topics in missouri online's latest newsletter:spring instructor bootcampwe’ve earned the olc’s exemplary endorsement!semester-based course development begins spring 2025end of the semester checklisttools coming...



























back to top






an exceptional education from








(855) 675-0755
teachingonline@umsystem.edu

missouri online
212 heinkel, 201 s. 7th st., columbia, mo 65211


















