







nassau county women's lacrosse officials association inc - member of kpsearch.com

















 



























 

 











log in- (user id & pswd)- access to your partners e-mail & message board & minutes & by laws




*** check the 'message board' for  latest e-mail's and info ( i.e. scrimmages) ***





quick info-
arbitersports site is available through the link on the bottom of this page. click on it and enter your info to access their site. along with us lax tests, their are useful video's about rules(rule changes), fouls and training.  2014 rule book & manual are up.


 log in to see our 'message board' and other information. 
log in- after logging in you can access your partners e-mail to contact them prior to your game regarding dress and other pre- game issues.dues info posted on message board.
the  blue buttons on the left provide helpful info for your season. the 'forms' button lets you access sportsmanship ballots, rating cards, unsportsmanlike behavior forms and more.
click on rule book for youth rules pgs.84-92.
 2014 rule changes are on pages 3 & 4 of the rule book.
 women official’s facebook page 
 ropes video>
 updated hand signals>






usl - 2014 rule book
usl 2014 umpire's manual  
us lacrosse women's division information
usl  - 2014 rules interpretation video
us lacrosse resource page


















dates to remember for 2014- 




check the events calendar for more details





 

2014
all ncwloa meetings start at 7:30 pm in the east meadow hs little theater



april 14, 2014 - uniform change over date ( call your partner)
may   6, 2014---end of season & elections / 3 person review 
june 18, 2014---lacrosse dinner ( singleton's in bethpage)
see message board for more details about lax dinner







us lacrosse insurance program
us lacrosse membership application
nassau county school directions
section 8 -nassau boces
section 11 - suffolk county


















2014 rule changes -  highlights - please read the book !!




time to get in shape -  we are getting older-  they aren't




rules emphasis for 2014  
points of emphasis for 2014
illegal contact, illegal use of crosse and crosschecking 
illegal contact now includes, but is not limited to, contact made with a stick that is being held in a horizontal position. the foul will be on the player holding the stick horizontally. it is not illegal to hold one's stick horizontally. contact when horizontal is illegal.(page 4 & 41 of rule book) a cross-check occurs when a player uses the crosse to hit, push, or displace an opponent.(page 4 & 41 of rule book)
repetitive fouls 
officials need to recognize and properly penalize individuals or teams committing
repetitive violations. in addition to awarding the opponent a free position,
employment of game management skills such as warning and/or carding must be
considered and used appropriately for the safety and integrity of the game.( page 4 & 44)

body contact
no body contact unless incidental, shall be allowed. (page 4)
 obstruction to free space to goal
official's must consider whether or not the attack has the opportunity to shoot as the 'focus' for making the call.
(page 4 & 42-43)







ny state public high school athletic assn
boces contract  2013-'16
the sports loft
arbitersports - usl testing
nocsae- new balls




















