













home | opgc

























































skip to main content








the ohio state university




help
buckeyelink
map
find people
webmail
search ohio state



 













cfaes
give today



opgc 

opgc
https://opgc.osu.edu




ornamental plant germplasm center












search form

search 





 

 

menu





 

homegermplasmrequest germplasmgenebankingfaqpriority generaresearchprevious projectsundergraduate researchstudent employmentapplication for workpast studentshow you can helpabout uspeoplenews 







features








        welcome to the ornamental plant germplasm center      

        get to know us      





 
 
 





 




home






the ornamental plant germplasm center (opgc) is part of the national plant germplasm system, a network of organizations and people dedicated to preserving the genetic diversity of crop plants.
the opgc is a joint effort of the usda-ars and the ohio state university's department of horticulture and crop science. financial support is provided through the floriculture and nursery research initiative of the ars.
mission and goals
our mission is to conserve genetically-diverse herbaceous plant germplasm and associated information, conduct germplasm-related research, and encourage the use of germplasm and associated information for research, crop improvement and product development.   
our goals are to acquire, document, maintain, characterize and distribute herbaceous ornamental genetic resources and associated information for conservation, and to enhance scientific research as well as the floriculture and nursery industry. 
 



 



news



  

opgc visiting scholar dr. yanxiu miao
feb 11, 2025
dr. miao arrived in ohio july 2024 and is spending one year at the opgc researching how high temperatures affect the growth of pelargonium and viola.  dr. miao is an associate professor at shanxi agricultural university, taiyuan city, in shanxi province, china.



welcome research assistant matt lippert!
jan 17, 2025
matt began working as a research assistant at the opgc in december 2024; he will be managing the greenhouse and tissue culture plant collections.  matt received his bachelor’s degree from the ohio state university in environmental policy and decision making, and previously worked at franklin park conservatory, and as a propagation specialist at millcreek gardens.



future seed scientists tour the opgc
nov 20, 2024
on november 20, 2024, 15 students from ohio state’s seed science course (hcs 3420) toured the germplasm center.  eric renze demonstrated some of the many seed cleaning techniques used at the opgc and edison cigany discussed plant conservation in vitro.  opgc staff lead tours for students and visitors throughout the year, if you are interested in a tour, please email opgc@osu.edu.

 


    more news  

 

 







search form

search 





 



sponsors







 









college of food agriculture and environmental sciences
© 2025, the ohio state university



670 vernon tharp street
columbus, oh 43210
 


 

accessibility accommodation

  if you have a disability and experience difficulty accessing this content request accommodation here.
maintenance and support
this site designed and maintained by cfaes marketing and communications.  for technical support please contact the cfaes helpdesk. 
 cfaes diversity  |  nondiscrimination notice  |  site map








give now
login
 

 





the ohio state university
college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences
ohio state university extension
ohio agricultural research and development center
ohio state ati







 












