






 








home - kaanet.com










































home
influence

economy
culture
n.a.k.a


statistics

companies
organizations
personas
us cities population


web resources
about us
contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 













korean american accomplishment network








korean american accomplishment network








korean american accomplishment network














about us
the korean americans have increased drastically after the korean war. however, after that, the rate of immigration has been constant overall. the korean americans are well settled in america and have developed organizations where they can voice their opinions. they have embedded themselves in the american government system too.

view more


















kaa net web resources

about the website koreasociety.org


by kaa net / march 2, 2018				












kaa net statistics us cities population

u.s cities with the highest korean american populations


by kaa net / february 16, 2018				












kaa net organizations statistics

asian-american organizations you need to know


by kaa net / february 2, 2018				












companies kaa net statistics

top 10 successful korean companies in the usa


by kaa net / january 5, 2018				












kaa net personas statistics

greatest koreans in the us history


by kaa net / december 8, 2017				













bbcpie.org – korean adult entertainment fans go crazy!
 
bbcpie.org – the world debut of this controversial series is a fact. while the interracial genre of entertainment has been very popular in last years, it is now even more twisteed with creampies accents. and when you get to see it in the stunning 4k hd quality… people go crazy. we have noticed that these big black guys and white girls in steamy creampie videos are becoming unbelieveable popular in korea. click logo to visit and start streaming.





top korean companies












































national association of korean americans
there are a significant number of koreans living in the us. during the civil war in los angeles in 1992, they faced a huge threat since they were targeted on the basis of ethnicity. however, they had no one to speak up for them. there was no national organization or a group that would be heard. to address this issue, in 1994, the national association of korean americans was formed.











did you know? important facts
cum 4k – big thing in the culture of south korea. adult productions made in the usa are having a big impact on the entertainment consumers in the country, mostly because the quality and race difference. korean people enjoy watching cum 4k because it features controversial genre of internal creampies as well as it’s top quality in terms of technology. 4k, called ultra definition is very important aspect of this production.









the korean war left the nation devastated, and many people lost everything during this war. they decided to move to the us for another chance at life and a better one.









korean americans realized that they need to come together and voice their opinions on a national scale. this gave rise to several organizations and associations.









the total amount of remittance sent to korea is about 0.5% of the gdp of the country. this was a significant milestone in the lives of korean americans.








devil’s tgirls is all about transgender beauties having fun with both men and women. watch the exclusive episodes for free at dedicated video tube.

visit deviltgirls.org

*


banbbros 18 is your place for the finest selection of teens in bangbros themed entertainment. years of updates, now with brand new faces!

visit bangbros18teens.com




dare we share is relationships related website where solving problems is taking to another level. why fight when you can invite 3rd person and start some nice and pleasant threesome instead?

visit dareweshare.net

*


haze him provides us with raw and unscripted gay initiation rituals taking place in various dorms across the america.

visit hazeforhim.com




public agent shows how it’s done. fame and fortue for randomly met ladies? yes, under one condition – you really need to be brave enough.

visit 1publicagent.com

*


biphoria is the place where all your bisexual fantasies are actually coming true. watch the finest mmf bisexual content available online.

visit bisexualphoria.com




doghouse digital provides you with the very best selection of exclusive fun straight from europe. watchh all your favorite genres in those special kinky productions.

visit dhdtube.com

*


ftmmen is where you discover the beauty behind female to male transitions. watch those unique performers in explicit action.

visit ftmmen.org









after the korean war, the korean philosophy was marked with a mad rush towards modernization. they have successfully entered the american mainstream









90% of koreans have mobile phones which they use for various purposes apart from calling. korean companies like lg and samsung have captured the world markets in phone technology.









hallyu or the korean wave has gained much popularity, and it continues to do so, thanks to the increasing strength of the nation’s economy and finance.





 

spread the love 






about us 
kaanet is one such organization to help the immigrants join the mainstream by spreading greater awareness and bringing all of them together. we are trying to make people aware of the contributions of the koreans towards the nation.



recent posts


north korean restaurants in the us


about the website koreasociety.org


dates to look out for
february 2025


m
t
w
t
f
s
s




 12


3456789


10111213141516


17181920212223


2425262728
 



« jan
 
 
 



copyright 2017 www.kaanet.com privacy policy | terms & conditions | cookie policy 


















