



medieval shields, custom shields, swords and armor


















 
				








on sale


chain mail shirt


hand made in usa


battle
shields






family coat of arms shields




featured item



richard the lionheart sword with wall plaque
stainless steel display sword with plaque and hangers. 
		length45". great quality !
 








 





featured item


 
roman gladius sword with sheath
				with wood and brass hilt - 33" long









 



 






custom 
		family coat of arms
 
 




medieval shields







military awards custom shields



fantasy shields









chain mail knight armour
see all 
		of our medieval 
		shields, swords and armor in the index. 
		the items are separated by category for easy search.



check out our 
		custom shields


		let us design a battle statement - just for you !  
		battle ready shields
 medieval swords





scottish swords


fantasy swords


great for re-enactments


medieval swords with sheathes

battle ready sca medieval shields









japanese samurai swords






civil war replica swords







we specialize in medieval replicas including
	swords, suits of armor, scottish
claymores,
william wallace  swords, 
wearable plate,  
	fantasy, scottish swords,
battle ready shields, 
	helmets and civil war
sabers for display and reenactments.
we stock 
	german gothic 
	suit of armor or chain
mail in silver finish or black.
this site showcases the medieval knight,  
	renaissance period swords and suits of armour as well as some history on warriors. 
	our fantasy weapons, 
medieval halberds, 
	shields, plate armour, suits of chain mail armor, medieval helmets, arms and 
	replica weapons are available at the lowest prices anywhere. 
consider

replica guns
and reproduction non-firing flintlock pistols and 
	replica rifles for your rustic den wall decor needs. 


replica guns

knight armour and
chain 
		mail  are our specialties. we 
		have a large selection of wearable chain mail armor in a silver and black 
		finish. select from shirts in different sizes to accommodate a variety of 
		body sizes.
 
see 
		our sca
  
		wearable 
		suit of armor  including
breastplates
 and  armor 
		legs. 
		ayou can outfit yourself 
		for any reenactment renaissance faire requirements. we keep entire suits 
		of armor as well as various components.


plate armor


we 
		have a great selection of 
civil war replica swords. 
		decorative and authentic japanese samurai arms and weapons will enhance 
		the look of any room.  add a 
scottish claymore sword
, crossbows or daggers to create interest or complete 
		your re-enactment ensemble. if you want fantasy weapons or a fine medieval 
		era spanish 
		suit of  armor , look no further.

view our viking pieces, scottish broadswords 
		, the claymore of 
william wallace
as well as
japanese samurai 
		katanas .
our
		medieval swords
and 
shields 
		featuring historical figures as

		st. george and 
richard the lion heart,

the
templar
knights and the black prince shields on the site 
		are great early medieval period replicas and are great for display or re-enactments.

 we 
		also have a wide selection roman swords, shields and armour including the
lorica 
		segmentata  plate 
		armor. 



history of the knights   
 chivalry   
 contact 
us 
history of armor and weaponry

hi! you will find me on many 
	of the pages for this site explaining some of the history behind the swords 
	and armor that we display here. my hope is that it will help you understand 
	why these pieces were created originally and why we feel like this was an important 
	piece to add to our collection. if you are interested in the historical significance 
	of any piece that has caught your fancy, just look for more descriptive text 
	on the various swords, shields and armor pieces and categories on any page.
armor began the first time 
	tensions developed between tribes. rudimentary pieces at first, perhaps a thick 
	hide thrown over one’s chest or a carved bowl over the head were enough to deflect 
	the worst of the blows from sticks or rocks. then man got more creative with 
	his attacks and with his defensive shields. imagine the shock the first time 
	a sharpened stick was propelled by a rude gut string placed on a young limb 
	or having poison sting you from a sharpened twig or a chiseled rock through 
	a hollow carved wooden tube. slingshots were developed for hunting small birds 
	and animals but could propel a rock right into the head of a person much, much 
	larger than the one defending with only a tool used for hunting previously. 
	man existed for thousands of years with these elementary devices that were used 
	very successfully against man and beast to ensure the survival of our species. 
	we refer to this part of our history as the stone age. neanderthals welcome! 
	unfortunately, we don’t have anything you would recognize here. 

	the bronze age was a marvel. the sumer civilization was spread through modern 
	day east africa, spain, asia minor and what is referred to as the “cradle of 
	civilization” in modern iraq and the entire arabic peninsula. when we began 
	to approach the metal working eras, here we begin to find the beginnings of 
	what we focus on in this site. from them, we got the first writers in man’s 
	history, the potter’s wheel, government, social divisions and slavery. but the 
	most fascinating invention was the combining of different metal alloys that 
	made it possible to use it for tools, weaponry and armor. various metals such 
	as gold, silver and copper were the first metals probably tried in suits of 
	armor but were too soft and malleable for the sharpening edges needed for axes 
	and cutting tools. i can only imagine the first smelters playing with the different 
	metals, combining them to see the different effects that were produced and the 
	delight of finding that tin and copper could make a metal that was hard enough 
	to be tempered into uses beyond their dreams for commonly built sword blades 
	and shields of the period.

     
	
early bronze helmets 
different areas developed their 
	techniques over a period of 5,000 years, some simply trading for the alloys 
	they needed that were not available in their area, which produced the first 
	trade routes. in any case, through casting, newer and more effective weaponry 
	began to appear along with much better coverings than furs for the warriors.


family coat of arms

primitive armor made of furs

around 600 bc, we go into 
	the iron age. now we begin to see real progress with weaponry and armor. iron 
	wielders were able to cut down with ease the civilizations that still relied 
	on bronze, and in spite of its tendency to rust, iron rapidly replaced bronze 
	as the superior metal for tool, shields and armor. yet the real progress was 
	made with the advent of steel which was a big advantage in a battle suit of 
	armor. 
roman armor


the romans had it by 4th century 
	bc and it is noted by them that the celts were still using iron. two very different 
	types of armor and weaponry were developing. one was what we consider barbarian 
	style. the hordes- franks, vikings and goths- used this more than the romans 
	and greeks whose equipment was refined and advanced. these two styles and populations 
	finally converged around 500 ad.


and here we begin our journey 
	through the medieval age of glory, the pinnacle of armory and hand to hand weaponry, 
	fought in an era when men looked each other in the eye as they battled each 
	other with sword, armor and shield.     

policies   
the white knight
copyright © swordsandarmor.com . all rights reserved.
privacy


