



































    home | advanced irrigation
  














               


 
       home



  services



  products



  contact






   

07 4779 2677











    
 





        top quality pumping & irrigation equipment in north queensland

  

contact us





    quality irrigation products, services & solutions 

if you are an avid gardener, a farmer or a grounds-keeper, making the best use of the available water supply is essential in the tropical queensland climate. a well maintained, modern and effective irrigation system is the key to ensuring that your crops, garden or grounds stay lush and healthy all year round. 

  a full irrigation consultancy & design service

advanced irrigation in townsville offers residential, civic and commercial clients a great range of irrigation and pumping systems suitable for all situations. our team can design, supply and install all the irrigation and pumping equipment you'll ever need.



       

  services
photo by: john doe
  

button




  

  products
photo by: john doe
  

button




  

  contact us
photo by: john doe
  

button










    see what our happy clients have to say 


 “a big shout out to advanced irrigation for helping me work out how to fix a split irrigation pipe. it is such a good feeling to be able to do things for yourself. with the right advice, direction on parts i needed, sold at a good price and some patience, i was able to get the job done. thanks guys.”-	paula r. 
“great mob, always go the extra mile to get what you need done! truly professional and great to deal with!”-	ray s. 

 “i went into advanced irrigation today completely clueless about pumps and irrigation (we've recently purchased a property with a bore). terry spent the time to explain what a pump does and the different choices we have and how best to set up irrigation. so for someone like me who had no idea, this service is second to none!”-	jenna r. 
“pump died, so we had no water – joe sorted it the same day. great service, thanks guys!” ﻿-	todd g.



    why choose advanced irrigation?

     


35+ years of experience

   


high-quality products

   


superior after-sales service

    




all irrigation & pumping equipment



     


knowledgeable & expert team

   


full consultancy & design service

   


cost-effective solutions

   


environmentally conscious 






   to keep your grounds, crops and gardens well-watered all year long, call advanced irrigation on
07 4779 2677. 







       contact:

phone: 
07 4779 2677address: 238 woolcock stcurrajong, qld 4812 get directions>>
abn: 77 011 005 084

  business hours: 

   mon - fri
 7:30 am 
- 5:00 pm


 saturday
 8:30 am 
- 12:00 pm


 sunday
closed



socials:
    

 





 
 service area: 

north & north west queensland



   privacy policy

















































































































  
  share by:





   




