home | atmospheric and oceanic sciences | university of colorado boulder skip to main content translateenglishspanishchinesefrenchgermankoreanlaonepalijapanesetibetansearchenter the terms you wish to search for.this siteall of colorado.eduother ways to search:events calendarcampus map atmospheric and oceanic sciences college of arts and scienceshomeoverviewacademicsresearchpeoplenewseventscommunityskywatchsupporthome atoc graduate student ethan murray at the ragged point field station in eastern barbados, the main ground observational site during the magpie field campaign.  somewhere in the central arctic near 85 deg n, atoc phd candidate gina jozef prepares a datahawk2 drone for a flight on the mosaic (multidisciplinary drifting observatory for the study of arctic climate) expedition.  sam mogen preparing a conductivity, temperature, and depth (cdt) instrument rosette for deployment near the equator with the us go-ship program.  the gilkey trench, alaska. photo taken by atoc’s devon dunmire from camp 18 on the juneau icefield, where several atoc graduate students have spent the summer teaching about glaciology and climate science.  polar stratospheric clouds over hut point peninsula, mcmurdo station, antarctica. photo taken by professor john cassano.  photo taken by graduate student michelle maclennan during her fieldwork in antarctica in january 2023. a sun halo shines down on the field team’s instruments and science tent on thwaites eastern ice shelf.  atoc graduate students volunteering at earth’s table, a local non-profit that grows and donates fresh produce to local food banks. previousnextthe department of atmospheric and oceanic sciences (atoc) at the university of colorado boulder provides a world-class, interdisciplinary research and educational environment to examine the dynamical, physical, and chemical processes that occur in the atmosphere and ocean. a major theme is the establishment of a physical basis for observing, modeling, and understanding climate and global change.the university of colorado boulder is located in a region having the greatest concentration of geophysical researchers in the nation and perhaps the world. the proximity of atoc to this atmospheric and oceanic science excellence is the foundation of our unique philosophy and vision, which elevates our department to one of worldwide prominence. the guiding principle of atoc is to be the focal point for atmospheric and oceanic science education and research training in this geographic region of world-renowned excellence.  the university of colorado, boulder was ranked number one in atmospheric science in shanghairanking's 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, and 2022 global ranking of academic subjects.tenure-track asst prof positionclick for more information.an arctic expeditionclick to read professor cassano's blog other news & events atmospheric and oceanic sciencesuniversity of colorado boulder311 ucb (directions)boulder, co 80309-0311phone: 303-492-7167fax: 303-492-3524atocasst@colorado.eduuniversity of colorado boulder© regents of the university of coloradoprivacy • legal & trademarks • campus mapuniversity of colorado boulder© regents of the university of colorado