










welcome to summertown choral society - summertown choral society




















































































  
home
about us

the choir 
music director 
accompanist 
gallery 


join us
concerts

next concert 
concert history 
soloists 


members

weekly notices 
next rehearsal 
rehearsal aids 
diary dates 
bank details 
concert day 
opportunities and concerts 
agms 
constitution 
gallery 
privacy policy 
safeguarding 
covid 


summertown singers

introduction 
brasov 2023 
previous trips 


contact us

choir contacts 
join our mailing list 









welcome to summertown choral society




a well-established, mixed-voice choir based in summertown, oxford





latest news
may 2025 concert
rehearsals for our next concert start on thursday 13th february. join us to sing dvořák mass in d, tippett five spirituals and holst five partsongs .






the concert will take place on saturday 17th may – details here.


summertown choral society’s weekly rehearsals take place on thursday evenings, 8-9.30pm, at st michael’s church, lonsdale road, summertown, oxford. we welcome all voice parts and abilities and there is no audition. newcomers are welcome to try us for an evening in the early weeks of term.




more about summertown choral society
for more details about the choir, see in particular our join us and the choir pages, but also have a look around the rest of the website, which is packed with information about the choir’s activities.
for details of past performances, including a number of commissions, see our concert history page.
if you would like to receive updates by email about future summertown choral society concerts and events, please join our mailing list and/or connect with us on facebook.




choir image © mo chandler













useful linksthe choir
join us
next rehearsal
next concert
choir contacts
 
privacy policy / © 2025 summertown choral society, registered charity no. 900317		






































