




peaksisland.com - peaks island vacation rentals, real estate, ferry schedule, fun things to do and more!














































featured rental



andy's retreat:
max occ: 7 
just 6 miles from portland 
heated outdoor swimming pool


this airbnb superhost house offer lots of privacy and features a 20 x 40 heated, outdoor swimming pool, hot spring 8 person jacuzzi, central ac, outdoor barbecue, fire pit, basketball hoop, high speed 100mb internet, (2) flat screen tvs with cable, netflix and amazon prime. we have plenty of off street, free parking ... more info!


























 
 

 
                                            welcome to peaks island, maine!

										  peaks island is one of over 211 islands in casco bay and is home to 1,000 
                                            or more year round residents. during the summer months, the population 
                                            grows several times as people flock to the island to enjoy the island 
                                            charm and beauty of casco bay. 
											
											exploring the island is easy. it's a 20 minute ferry ride on casco bay lines which
											operates 10-13 ferry runs a day depending on the time of year. the island is
											approximately 2 miles long and 1 mile wide (at it's widest point). if you keep to the
											shore roads, the island can be walked easily in an hour or
											biked in 15-20 minutes. 
												
	top #10 things to do on peaks island


island tour - peaks island tours
area sightseeing - maine island kayak company 
museum - umbrella cover museum 
golfcarting - mike's carts 
biking - brad’s bike rental & repair
food - lunch & drinks at inn at peaks
history - 5th maine museum 
art - richard boyd art gallery 
treats - down front ice cream 
memories - horse island day camp




peaks island events:


if you would like us to post an
event, please email us! 											








previous 
                        slide
next 
                        slide



















 



























local 
        weather | vacation rentals | bulletin 
        board | yellow pages 
ferry schedule | portland 
        info.  | home




2024 new media solutions







