

the baldwin online children's literature project...bringing yesterday's classics to today's children












                   
         t h e   b a l d w i n   o n l i n e   c h i l d r e n ' s   l i t e r a t u r e   p r o j e c t
              


  
            
               bringing yesterday's classics to today's children

                          @mainlesson.com








news
transition issues

exceptions
faq
how to report a problem

site indexes
authors
books

by title
by author
by genre
by level

stories
unit studies
civilizations

intro to history
ancient greek
ancient roman
norse
british
european
american
hispanic
african
asian
islamic

links
gateway to the classics
yesterday's classics
a culture of reading







a bittersweet moment

since 1999 when the baldwin project opened its doors, 
it has offered hundreds of children's books to thousands 
of readers just like you. in 2012 we launched 
gateway to the classics, which offers even more books, 
along with an innovative set of tools for grouping 
content. the time has come to combine them at 
gatewaytotheclassics.com. and, yes, it is a 
bittersweet moment!

why now?

in march the local hosting service that we have used 
for mainlesson.com since 1999 was acquired by a 
larger company. in july that company informed us 
that they would be migrating mainlesson.com to a 
new platform, which meant that we would have 
to upgrade the software applications we had 
developed to operate mainlesson.com. 
rather than do that, we decided to take 
the opportunity to merge the resources 
available at mainlesson.com with those available 
at gateway to the classics.

	what you will find at gateway to the classics

many books available at mainlesson.com have been 
available for a fee in the gateway to the classics 
membership site. the rest of the mainlesson books 
have now been transferred to gateway to the classics. 
but now there is no fee to read anything at 
gateway to the classics that you could read 
for free at mainlesson.com, even where the 
formatting was improved or 
higher quality illustrations were included.
so the upshot is that everything you read
at mainlesson for free, you can now read at 
gateway to the classics for free, while enjoying
the enhanced formatting and illustrations.


	new content types at gateway to the classics

besides books and stories, you can enjoy, at no cost,
a sizable collection of poems by over 300 poets, 
arranged by author, title, and first line.


a limited number of books and poems have audio 
associated with them. and songs from walter crane's 
the baby's bouquet and the baby's opera 
are available for listening. 


	how?

the links in the sidebar on the left take you to the 
corresponding pages at gatewaytotheclassics.com. 
any link you have to a book or story in a format 
such as this:



http://www.mainlesson.com/display.php?author=baldwin&book=fifty&story=cakes


should redirect you automatically to the corresponding 
page at gatewaytotheclassics.com. 
you can test this functionality by clicking on the above link.
if you have lots of hard-coded links in another format, let us know. we may be able to redirect 
those automatically as well. 


	a culture of reading

visit our new blog 

a culture of reading and sign up to receive updates. 
this post, 

this way to christmas with ruth sawyer,
gives a glimpse of how we will help you 
discover titles available at gateway to the classics, 
and incorporate them into your reading. 


	join us at gateway to the classics

we look forward to welcoming you to 

gateway to the classics and unveiling new types of content
for you there in the near future.














                   
          copyright (c) 2000-2018 yesterday's classics, llc.  all rights reserved.
          






