










home - mission regional chamber of commerce

























































 
 

















skip to content











































                                member login                            











                                join now                            



















































menu 
membership why should i join the chamber? member benefit programs chambers of commerce group insurance testimonials member directory volunteer opportunitiesadvocacy new business survey government advocacy government relations committee raise your concern join the committeeabout us the mission chamber board of directors our team the chamber network pillar partners contact discover missionevents all events business walk candlelight parade business excellence awards sponsorship opportunities cancellation policybusiness services travel opportunities jobs boardroom rental chamber academy certificate of originnewsroom business track press releasesresources business start-up securing small business rebatecontact us








 















 
our
business is
your business
 


 
your
business is
our business
 






























the mission regional chamber of commerce






the mission regional chamber of commerce is your hub for business intelligence, your advocate for government, and your greatest single resource.
drive your business forward with us.
please take 5 mins to complete our 2024 annual business walk survey here. 

















					directory				








					jobs				








					news				








					events				








					hot deals				








					chambers plan				






















mark your calendar










view all events

































learn more
















 
upcoming events 
mark your calendar for our popular chamber dinners & luncheons with professional speakers, our business excellence awards, glow golf tournament, education seminars and more.
learn more 














 
business services 
we are here to help your small business succeed. did you know that 70 percent of our member’s businesses have five employees or less?
the mission chamber understands the challenges that can come with taking that first step on your way to becoming your own boss and we know that the first step is a big one. let us help you connect the dots so you can focus on the important stuff.
learn more 














 
join the chamber 
the chamber fosters a network for entrepreneurial leaders to partner in representation, communication and education. it provides members with: networking, group benefits and affordable marketing and advertising opportunities and most importantly a voice as a collective group. come join the 450 other businesses in the mission region who recognize the value of the chamber network.
learn more 



















contact us!
phone
604 826 6914
email
social media coordinator
marketing@missionchamber.bc.ca
membership coordinator
connect@missionchamber.bc.ca
event coordinator
events@missionchamber.bc.ca
executive director
execdir@missionchamber.bc.ca























thank you to our chamber champions & community partners








 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 






















 












© 2025 mission regional chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












business.  economic excellence.  community.




















mission regional chamber of commerce













34033 lougheed hwy, mission, bc v2v 5x8 














604.826.6914 














connect@missionchamber.bc.ca 
























































 © 

 mission regional chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 

















