






clinton memorial hospital































skip to site content







                937.382.6611	
              



                about us              



                contact us              



                patient portal              



                bill pay              



                careers              



                schedule appointment now              


















                    find a doctor 


online schedulingbrowse all providers 



                    services 


ambulatory carecancer caredirect laboratory testingemergency servicesgastroenterologygeneral surgerycardiologyimaginginterventional radiologypain management outpatient rehabilitationorthopedic carerobotic assisted surgery sleep medicinesurgical weight lossurologymaternity care & women's healthwound treatment 



                    patients & visitors 


billing informationclasses & eventser wait timeslocationspatient informationpatient portalpatient relationspatient rights and responsibilitiespay my billunderstanding your healthcare costsvisiting hoursvisitor information 



                  get care now                  



                  classes & events                  














search























to find a doctor, call 937.382.9606 or click here. 










be well. live well.  that's why we're here.
enjoying life and all it has to offer is easier when you’re healthy. for decades, clinton memorial hospital has been providing personal, compassionate care in the expected and the unexpected moments of life. that’s why we’re here.
services offered




find a doctor



doctor's name, condition or procedure


search




chat with us
our chat assistant can help direct you towards finding a provider or scheduling an appointment.
schedule now










dr. joseph k. wray, a retired air force major and highly respected medical professional, as the new leader of our pain management clinic.
 


dr. wray is a board-certified anesthesiologist and interventional spine and pain specialist with a remarkable career. before joining cmh, he served as director and clinical chief of the interventional spine and pain management clinic at wright patterson medical center in dayton. his dedication to patient care and expertise in managing complex pain conditions make him an incredible asset to our team and community.


 
dr. wray specializes in addressing a variety of pain conditions, including:
+ back & neck pain
+ shoulder, hip, & knee pain
+ nerve damage & muscle spasms
+ arthritis & headaches
+ complex regional pain syndrome
 


advanced treatments offered:
dr. wray utilizes cutting-edge techniques, including:
+ epidural & joint injections
+ radiofrequency ablation
+ cervical & lumbar blocks
+ trigger point injections
+ kyphoplasty
 


at cmh, we’re committed to helping our patients find relief and improve their quality of life. with dr. wray’s expertise and personalized care approach, you can trust you’re in great hands.
 


schedule an appointment today! call our pain management clinic at 937-283-2580.

learn more



dr. joseph wray - pain management specialist





at the clinton diabetes clinic in wilmington, cheyenne gasaway, cnp, and her dedicated team are here to provide personalized, compassionate care tailored to your needs. whether you're seeking diabetes education, support in managing your condition, or regular a1c checks, we’re here to help you every step of the way.
with expert guidance and a focus on your overall well-being, we’ll empower you to take control of your health and live your best life.
visit us at:630 w main street, suite 309, wilmington, oh
call us at:937-283-9707 to schedule your appointment today!
let’s take the first step together toward a healthier, happier you. 



clinton diabetes clinic - cheyenne gasaway, cnp





clinton memorial hospital is excited to welcome dr. george papacostas, a board-certified and fellowship-trained orthopedic surgeon, through our partnership with beacon orthopaedics & sports medicine. with over 20 years of experience, dr. papacostas specializes in trauma care, arthroscopic surgery, total joint replacement, foot and ankle surgery, and general orthopedics.
dr. papacostas earned his medical degree from the university of cincinnati college of medicine and completed his residency in orthopedic surgery at uc medical center. he further specialized with a fellowship in orthopedic foot and ankle surgery at good samaritan hospital in cincinnati.
now accepting new patients, dr. papacostas is committed to delivering exceptional, compassionate care to our community.
to schedule an appointment: (937) 354-3700



dr. george papacostas, md (orthopaedics)






dr. oberer is a highly accomplished, board-certified gastroenterologist with extensive expertise and dedication to gastrointestinal care. a graduate of loma linda university, he completed his residency in internal medicine at the prestigious university of california san francisco (ucsf) fresno, where he also served as chief resident. he further specialized in gastroenterology with a fellowship at ucsf fresno.
 


dr. oberer is now seeing patients and performing procedures right here at cmh! his practice focuses on diagnosing and treating gi conditions using advanced endoscopic techniques to deliver exceptional care.
 


we are thrilled to have dr. oberer join our team and look forward to the positive impact he will have on the health and well-being of our community. please join us in giving him a warm cmh welcome! 
 


location:
clinton memorial hospital
southwest ohio gastroenterology
630 west main street, suite 101
wilmington, ohio 45177
 


to schedule an appointment, call: 937-382-5553

learn more



dr. charles oberer - gastroenterologist















welcome to clinton memorial hospital
established in 1951, clinton memorial hospital has been providing quality healthcare to area residents for over 70 years. cmh is a 140-bed hospital located centrally in wilmington, ohio, only an hour drive from three of ohio's major metros: cincinnati, dayton, and columbus.
cmh offers a full range of inpatient and outpatient specialized services, including emergency services, diagnostic cardiology, medical and radiation oncology, orthopedics, obstetrics, urology, pain management, diagnostic and more.
 
learn more about us








daisy award



  
share your story



news





cmh advance wound healing center - coming soon
exciting news! the cmh advanced wound healing center is opening soon, bringing specialized care and advanced treatments to our community. stay tuned for more details! read more



view all



that's why i'm here


 












610 west main streetwilmington, oh 45177


a scionhealth community hospital

website privacy policy
|
notice of privacy practices
|
notice of privacy practices (español)


terms of use
|
notice of nondiscrimination
|
accessibility policy


price transparency
|
physician directory legal disclosure


california consumer privacy policy
|
california privacy rights policy






about us
find a doctor
services
patients & visitors
get care now
classes & events



































