



















bunny bread - fresh bread, buns and rolls







































































skip to content











products

bunny bread
buns & rolls


recipes
the bunny legacy
the bunny shop
bunny fun
contact us
find bunny bread




bunny bread


buns & rolls







find bunny bread














bring the fun with bunny buns
keep the party going with the soft, delicious buns that everybody loves.
browse buns & rolls










that's what i said... bunny bread!
a trusted brand since 1947
from the first slice to the last, nothing compares to soft and delicious bunny bread. the creation of jack lewis, sr., bunny bread was born in anna, il in 1947. learn more about the quality and nutrition that makes bunny bread a family favorite.

quality & nutrition













bunny bread
take home a loaf of bunny when you shop for bread, and discover why it has been loved for generations.
browse bread






buns & rolls
whether it’s just the family or the whole neighborhood, our wide selection of soft buns and rolls are sure to please everyone.
browse buns













baking the best for over 70 years
born in anna, illinois, bunny bread has been a delicious staple in kitchens across the midwest since 1947. from memorable commercials to that iconic neon bunny, bunny bread has become a household name.
keep reading












iconic bunny merch
bunny bread is an iconic brand, and now you can find something to show your bunny love.
shop now









make it a meal
at a party or a picnic or while you watch tv, a meal made with bunny bread hits the spot for everyone. we have a collection of recipes featuring our family favorite bread and buns.






 15 minutes



bunny (egg) in a basket

may 26, 2021 






 35 minutes



jalapeño popper grilled cheese

october 4, 2020 






 45 minutes



salsa brats

october 4, 2020 





browse all recipes










get the kids involved!
we have an awesome collection of coloring pages and videos for kids and parents to enjoy together as well as fun and delicious recipes. entertain the whole family with our engaging activities.

activities
fun recipes














































subscribe to our newsletter
your email address *select list(s) to subscribe tobunny bread 2020 example: yes, i would like to receive emails from bunny bread. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: bunny bread. you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact 


contact
careers
corporate
privacy policy







copyright ©  bunny bread, inc. | all rights reserved. | site map



















