









the eagles golf club - odessa, florida - tampa bay





































































skip to content









eagles golf club


























menu 
home contactgolf the forest course the lakes course golf rates dress code ghin – post your scores instruction junior golf instructiondiningmembership explore membership member championshipevents all events weddings tournaments plan your own event trivia friday! request information night glow golfleagues














 (813)-920-6681 
 
 








book tee time








order food










 







 












welcome to






the eagles golf club






the most unique 36-hole golf facility in tampa, fl












book a tee time


















the forest
course






learn more









golf
rates






learn more









the lake
course






learn more

















welcome to the eagles golf club











recently featured as one of the "top golf courses in the tampa area" by floridarentals.com!






since the mid 90’s, the eagles golf club has set the standard of excellence for public access golf in the tampa market. located in the prestigious eagles community, the club offers two distinctly different 18 hole challenges in the lakes and forest courses.
 
at 6,719 yards from the championship tees, the forest course demands precise shot-making and course management. the driveable par four third is a classic risk/reward opportunity: eagle or "other" is a possible score on this challenging hole. the peninsula green on the par three sixth offers all the characteristic drama of a forced carry over water.









explore membership











book a tee time





















events





















tournamentsmeasure your skill against players in your range in one of our ongoing tournaments
learn more 

















trivia nightssocialize and win bragging rights on our much be-loved trivia night events.
learn more 

















weddingscelebrate your special day surround by the beauty of nature and the best comfort!
learn more 

















leaguesour ongoing leagues are a great way to check the progression of your golfing!
learn more 









dining





















clubhouse menufood from a wide range of styles for all tastes! are you ready to tuck in?
learn more 

















specialsevery week we have a special that is sure to delight your senses.
learn more 

















yappy hourenjoy some quality time with your furry friend on our patio or by our fire pit!
learn more 

















banquetall the best catering services you could wish for any event you want to host.
learn more 























the back nine is nestled in a setting more reminiscent of a nature preserve than a golf course. you'll find it hard to believe that the tampa airport is a mere 20 minutes away!
 
your time spent on these fairways surrounded by the tranquility of the natural surroundings will have you coming back again and again!

















over 7,000 yards "from the tips," the lakes course provides a more traditional look and feel than the forest course. it takes accurate ball striking and length to successfully navigate this interesting layout.











number one is a twisting, turning par five around a majestic oak in the right center of the fairway; but a birdie is a great way to start your round.
 
number ten is a dogleg par five which hugs the aqua range from tee to green. a perfectly place tee shot allows you to "go for it in two;" good luck!















explore membership











book a tee time























































 
















book tee time



























© 2024 eagles golf. all rights reserved.









36 holes






the forest course
the lake course
golf rates
dress code
instruction
ghin - post scores









dining






specials
clubhouse menu
breakfast menu
banquets
request dining information
delivery club









memberships






view memberships
member championship









events






weddings
tournaments
trivia night
plan your event
request event information
all events
donation request









leagues






monday ladies league
tuesday men's league
couples & friends
elga
tri-county league














contact













(813) 920-6681 














16101 nine eagles drive, odessa, fl 33556 














monday-sunday: 7:00am-6:30pm 










additional resources






privacy policy
terms and conditions












register for specials










bride to be











golf leagues



























 


















