




 


association of legal administrators, south florida chapter - home

































log in








log in with facebook


log in with google

























remember me


forgot password


















 








 



home




events 




business partners



about the business partner program




our business partners



business partners directory - alphabetical




business partners directory - by category




business partners directory - by level







apply online 







about us



about the alasofla




our chapter



performance objectives




chapter board




chapter committees




president's page







certified legal manager (clm)




past presidents




community service




diversity & inclusion



spotlight on diversity







contact us







join us



join online




benefits of membership




criteria for membership








 









welcome
founded in 1972, the south florida chapter of the association of legal administrators was the second chapter in the country to mobilize and become a branch of the national organization of the association of legal administrators (aka “ala”).  today the national ala boasts over 9,000 members in more than 30 countries.  being the premier resource dedicated to legal managers for nearly 50 years, the south florida chapter of the ala continues to provide its almost 200 members with educational opportunities, professional development, peer-to-peer support, special access to industry-leading vendors and the tools necessary to build a unique network of business professionals.  join us now to invest in yourself and enhance your professional standing!
 




upcoming events



america/new_york
miami happy hour

tuesday, february 18, 2025 5:30 pm


area 31, epic hotel, 270 biscayne blvd, miami



america/new_york
his house children's home - volunteer event

saturday, february 22, 2025 9:30 am


20000 n.w. 47th avenue, hector building no. 2, miami gardens



america/new_york
clm application deadline (spring)

thursday, march 06, 2025









 



business partners


highlight your company, products, promotions and much more. gain access to both monthly luncheons (miami and broward) at member pricing. become a business partner


2025 business partner directory

want to know more?
learn about business partners with our exciting event sponsorship opportunities in the 2025 business partners program south florida ala
 


meet our newest members

benita koch, firm administrator, lorium lawtammy vance, administrator, clarke silverglate payamilette alonso, firm administrator, perlman bajandas yevoli & albrightliz lamar, chief operating officer, rennert vogel mandler & rodriguez pataisha singer, assistant firm administrator/executive assistant, the crone law group sandra avila, office manager, leinoff & lemos pa

membersmanaging the business affairs of today's law firm requires special expertise. among other things, the professional administrator must deal with fast-paced technological changes, management trends, and fundamental changes in the way the practice of law is structured and conducted.  members of ala national receive a wide range of benefits including educational conferences; resources to help you manage your firm and more.
 
our diamond & jade business partners
 







 

 

 










 









disclaimer: the south florida chapter, association of legal administrators is a separate legal entity from the association of legal administrators (ala). ala licenses the use of its name, mark, logos and other protected properties to chapters which are in good standing. ala disclaims all liability or responsibility whatsoever for the actions, representations and liabilities of the south florida chapter, association of legal administrators, specifically including those of any nature whatsoever arising from or out of the content or other features related to the south florida chapter, association of legal administrators web site. in no event shall ala be deemed the guarantor of the south florida chapter, association of legal administrators. visit national for more information. www.alanet.org

policy center
 










powered by wild apricot membership software













