















department of theatre and studio art | villanova university
























skip to main content









visit / apply / give










x


visit / apply / give









main menu






about


university leadership


mission & ministry


diversity, equity and inclusion


fast facts




admissions


undergraduate


graduate and adult


law


financial aid




academics


why villanova


teacher-scholars


schools & colleges


institutes & centers


honors


education abroad


academic programs


academic calendar




research


research at villanova


center for research & fellowships


villanova institute for research & scholarship


research administration




libraries


falvey library


law library




campus life


student life


dining services


residence life


bookstore


public safety


health services


fitness & recreation




athletics


alumni


a powerful network


support villanova









in this sectionacademic programsadmissionsthe villanova experiencefaculty research & scholarshipabout the college




events

















x

search vu



















college of liberal arts and sciences
























college of liberal arts and sciences / academic programs / department of theatre and studio art













department of theatre and studio art









the villanova department of theatre and studio art is fueled by the imaginative striving common to our accomplished faculty, versatile staff, and energetic graduate and undergraduate students.
together, we are devoted to creating a vibrant arts community enriched by and overflowing with the ideas explored in our classrooms, studios and theatres. in all of our endeavors, we aim to share the dynamic experience of collaborative learning with our audiences in order to engage the intellect and stir the soul. as a facet of villanova university, villanova theatre and studio art serves the campus community as well as thousands of theatre-goers and art-lovers from the main line and the greater philadelphia area.
our department offers a master of arts in theatre and graduate certificate programs, as well as undergraduate minors in theatre and studio art.
 







the john and joan mullen center for the performing arts






villanova’s new center for the performing arts is a hub for performances, creativity, engagement, and exploration for the university’s performing arts community - enriching villanova’s campus and enhancing educational opportunities across the university. learn more
















					  about us 








guiding principles


careers and alumni


faculty and staff


research and scholarship


theatre research symposium and signature events


awards













					  undergraduate programs 








undergraduate theatre and studio art program


minor in theatre


minor in studio art


minor in music studies













					  graduate programs 








graduate theatre program


ma in theatre


ma in theatre with certificate in non-profit management


graduate certificate in practical theatre













					  contact us 





department of theatre and studio art
800 e. lancaster ave.
villanova, pa 19085



phone: 610-519-4760
email: theatredepartment@villanova.edu







follow the theatre and studio art department















       









learn more about villanova theatre productions, including ticket and show information.
visit villanova theatre.






















news & events










theatre professor receives the 2022 pulitzer prize in drama


							  james ijames, associate professor of theatre, is the 2022 pulitzer prize winner in drama. the pulitzer prize for drama is given to a distinguished play by an american author, preferably original in its source and dealing with american life. a playwright, educator, director and performer, ijames was awarded the pulitzer for his play fat ham, a “loose,” according to the playwright, adaptation of shakespeare’s hamlet.
							  
							      more...

 












 



theatre alum pens new play for the museum of the american revolution


							  theatre alumna marissa kennedy ’18 ma approached the project with the same enthusiasm, determination and creativity that has propelled her budding artistic career. she also drew inspiration from a connection to her own family’s values that she discovered while researching her new play about the life of james forten, written for the museum of the american revolution in philadelphia.
							  
							      more...

 












 



theatre professor’s new book explores celebrity pregnancy in the 18th century


							  in her new book, carrying all before her: celebrity pregnancy and the london stage, 1689-1800, villanova theatre professor chelsea phillips, mfa, phd, describes how celebrity stage actresses used the cultural and affective significance of their reproductive bodies to leverage audience support and interest to advance their career.

							  
							      more...

 












 



visit villanova theatre!


							  run by villanova students, faculty and staff, villanova theatre produces four shows each year encompassing a broad range of dramas, comedies and musicals. learn more about its productions, including ticket information.

							  
							      more...

 












 






















                    support the department
            













education with impact


 
an education in the liberal arts and sciences promotes intellectual curiosity and rigor; instills the fundamentals of critical insight, mature judgment and independent thinking; and strengthens students’ sense of their moral responsibility for others and for the betterment of society.





























connect with vu














  800 e. lancaster ave. villanova, pa 19085
			
 contact us 610-519-4500





quick links

privacy & security
notice of non-discrimination
higher education act
accessibility
my nova
directory
work at villanova


©1990 -  villanova university. all rights reserved.
					













