

kumon math & reading centers of newton - welcome








































 

























newton kumon, kumon newton - afterschool/saturday
program for both remedial and advanced students taught by drs. winston and
jane chiong. come for a free evaluation so we can individualize a program
to meet your child's needs.








 






















having
over 20 years in the kumon program, winston and jane have proven 
themselves
far beyond normal expectations within the kumon program. offering free consultations
to new students, jane and winston will sit down with your child to review
their past progress and evaluate a strategy to push them further. please
have a look around and find out what makes newton kumon
math & reading center the exceptional kumon center.
our philosophyjane
and winston are no strangers to the education process. as the parents of
four children, two who have graduated from college, they have witnessed enormous
progress of their own children through the kumon system. they continue to
see their roles less as "teachers" working with passive students, and more
as "coaches" of students who are learning to be increasingly active and independent.
they consistently monitor, encourage as well as teach. most of their students
will reach beyond grade level and when help is needed, jane and winston are
there to work one on one with your child.





winston chiong, ph.d.32 years university teachingeconomics and statistics

jane chiong, ed.d.certified / 12 year's public/private schoolslicensed school psychologistmasters in special educationpublished author
what we bring to our programwinston
chiong, ph.d. winston is a recently retired professor of economics and statistics.
in addition to kumon, he has over 30 years teaching experience from the university
of massachusetts/boston. jane chiong, ed.d. jane has taught in both public
and private schools for over 10 years in addition to holding adjunct faculty
positions at area colleges. she has her masters in special education and
holds additional certifications in learning disabilities and school psychology.
she has her doctorate in multicultural education and is a published author
of an educational book on interracial children.
 articles published about our centersthe boston globe: december 1991, february 1999, december 2000the newton tab: 10/26/93the belmont citizenthe wellesley townsman
mediafeatured on channel 5 news tv, 2001
quotes from parents"i heard about the chiong's center from my colleagues at harvard business school" - dr. lee
"we have
two entirely different children, one advanced and one with special needs,
and jane and winston individualized a great kumon program for both of them."
- father of seth and julia
"we have
been with the chiong's for eight years and all three of my children, now
ages 8, 11, and 16 receive the individual help they need from winston or
jane." - julie ghorbi
 
























where experience matterswinston.chiong@umb.educhiongja@gmail.com










welcome


 | 
faqs


 | 
programs


 | 
case histories


 | 
contact




































