








home | msw | gp practice website providers





















menu


about
features
website designs
group websites
packages
faq
contact us













highly useable and accessible gp websites that guide patients and reduce workload



previous
next









what we offer

our digital practice product provides engaging and secure gp websites that are nhs usability and accessibility compliant.

we operate a clear, all-inclusive, annual pricing structure, and our templates are built using the nhs frontend library, with flexible designs that allow you to create a website that works for you and your patients.











why choose us







nhs design

we have built templates using;
✓ nhs frontend design✓ nhs content guide✓ nhs gp website benchmarking tool✓ nhs guide on usable & accessible websites





wcag 2.1 (aa)

my surgery website is built with full wcag 2.1 (aa) compliance in accordance with hm government’s accessibility regulations for public sector bodies.
we make sure your website is accessible to patients of all abilities and provide online assistance to help you stay compliant as you update your site.





simple editor
a simple, built-in editor puts you in control. unlike market competition we don't make you use wordpress or other complicated content management systems to edit your site.

the msw editor is designed to make your life easier. you do not need any technical knowledge or experience - it is as simple as editing a word document.










security accreditations

✓ check approved penetration testing✓ cyber essentials✓ dsp toolkit accredited✓ gdpr compliant✓ ico registered✓ iso 27001 accredited





procurement

✓ nhs digital supplier✓ digital outcomes 6 supplier✓ g cloud 13 supplier✓ dfocvc supplier






supported

our award winning support and web design team deal with over 1000 customer queries every month.
they can help with any aspect of how your website looks, and carry out any updating tasks you might want. our regular customer satisfaction surveys consistently score over 98%.















interested? next steps...












1
take a look at our website templates and live customer examples. our templates are designed to engage with your patients and are fully nhs compliant.

 choose template







2
check out our transparent pricing structure. there are no hidden costs. the annual licence includes all features, hosting, backups, upgrades and enhancements.

 pricing







3
when you are ready hit the "buy now" button and e-sign our online contract. we will contact you to get started and have your site ready within 14 days.

 buy now










what are people saying about us?










i am very happy with everything that my surgery website do. i cannot fault anything, and i am a very grumpy, critical person!










brilliant. you take all the worry out of providing a very easy to use, up to date website. your support team are wonderful, nothing is too much trouble.










our website is absolutely brilliant - took a tremendous amount of work and hassle out of changing from a very outdated website. i would highly recommend you to other gp practice managers.

















indigo house, sussex avenue, hunslet, leeds, ls10 2lf / 0333 433 0211 / enquiries@mysurgerywebsite.co.uk
privacy notice
cookie policy
terms of service
tax strategy
 / © 2025 my surgery website is a stericycle solution. all rights reserved.


 