








siesta key vacation rentals | sarasota, fl | midnight cove





















































































































 

homeaboutvirtual tourvideossiesta key - things to do on vacationsiesta key midnight cove toursiesta key vacation - family funa perfect day at siesta beachtop 10 reasons to stay at midnight covemidnight cove flyover videophoto gallery map and directionsreviewsguest reviewsreviews from the webleave us a reviewinformationrental infoview all unitsmidnight cove ratesrental agreementamenities/property descriptionrental informationreserve now!guest logintravel insurancecontactmapsmidnight cove whole property mapmidnight cove gulf sidemidnight cove bay sideownersowners log inrental owners log inassociation management companyblog 




welcome to paradise!welcome to paradise!we have been working diligently to restore our property after the 2 hurricanes that impacted siesta key last year.  thankfully most of the amenities are available, however, we were recently informed that the gulf side pool will have to be replaced, and this project is not expected to be completed before august of this year.  we are one of the few properties that have 2 pools on property and our bayside pool was not impacted – it is open and available!  we apologize for this inconvenience, and we hope to see you soon!fa fa-calendarreservationsfa fa-bedview unitsfa fa-envelope-ocontact usfa fa-map-oproperty maps*on-going property projects at any given time of the year there may be property enhancements and/or maintenance projects in progress on the property. this is typically more common between mid-august to mid-december however, some items may need to be addressed at other times of the year and without advanced notice. these are usually scheduled by the buildings & grounds committee as well as owners remodeling their condos. we attempt to schedule these and post notice well ahead of time, but some may be last minute projects based on necessity and/or availability. please ask a rental agent when reserving if your unit or building may be affected, as we will try our best to accommodate your needs by finding you a unit that may be not at all or less likely to be affected by a project.
thank you for your understanding,
midnight cove managementfrom the beach to the bay, midnight cove offers premium, family-friendly (oneweek minimum stay) condominium and townhouse accommodations in the heart of beautiful siesta key on crescent beach!our luxury two and three bedroom condominium and townhouse vacation rentals are individually owned, tastefully decorated, and furnished with all the conveniences of home to make your stay in paradise completely stress-free.  (we also have a 4br beachfront townhome that sleeps 8) located steps from the crystal white sands of crescent & siesta beach, repeatedly rated/voted: "america's #1 beach!"  midnight cove sits on 11 acres of lush, tropical and floral greenery that spans from the azure waters of the gulf of mexico on the west coast of siesta key to the serene and tranquil waters of sarasota bay/intercoastal waterway on the east side of the island. stay gulfside for spectacular beachfront views & amazing siesta key sunsets or bayside to enjoy the calm waters of the bay and the tranquil setting of the intercoastal waterway.++++private beach accessboth gulf side and bayside units come with private beach access and complimentary lounge chairs and beach umbrellas.
rent a boat slip at midnight cove or relax and fish right off our boat docks! midnight cove also offers two refreshing swimming pools, two tennis courts, a new fitness room, picnic areas with gas grills, free wi-fi in the clubhouse, gulf side and bayside pools and most all units, as well as complimentary computer access in the clubhouse.
enjoy the convenience of a grocery store, drug store, post office, marina, and a variety of boutique shops and restaurants within a few blocks away.siesta key villagejust a few miles north of midnight cove, you'll be able to experience the charming "siesta key village" with its many quaint shops, high-end boutiques, restaurants ranging from very casual to fine dining and world-class seafood restaurants, and nightly entertainment including live music performed by local artists.arts and cultureif you decide to wander off the key, you'll find yourself just a few miles from the shops & restaurants of st. armand's circle or the lively, cultural hub of downtown sarasota with a myriad of museums, theaters, shops and restaurants to choose from!
tour the historic grounds of the ringling museum and get swept away by the fine art, take in a show at the historic asolo theater, the van wezel performing arts hall or the sarasota opera house, the options are endless!golfing and water sportsif you love golf, you've come to the right place! sarasota is a golfer's paradise with over 20 courses to choose from, some of them just minutes away from midnight cove!
if water sports are more your speed, you'll be able to choose from kayaking, parasailing, jet skiing, private boat charters, dolphin tours and more. 
bike and scooter rentals are also available for a fun way to explore the 8 mile long barrier island. great location!midnight cove is just 20 minutes from sarasota-bradenton international airport and 1 hour from tampa international airport so you won't have to go too far to start enjoying the balmy breeze of the gulf coast on your screened-in lanai or open balcony and enjoy our little slice of paradise as your temporary home away from home!fa fa-calendarreservationsfa fa-bedview unitsfa fa-envelope-ocontact usfa fa-map-oproperty maps










contact us941-349-3004 or 800-469-3004fax: 941-349-4398
office hours:monday-saturday9:00 am - 5:00 pmour addressmidnight cove
6302 midnight cove roadsarasota, fl 34242follow us

























subscribe
















accessibility statement 

copyright ©  
midnight cove all rights reserved. all rights reserved. powered by concept digital media  





menu
 home about virtual tour  videos siesta key - things to do on vacation siesta key midnight cove tour siesta key vacation - family fun a perfect day at siesta beach top 10 reasons to stay at midnight cove midnight cove flyover video photo gallery  map and directions  reviews guest reviews reviews from the web leave us a review information  rental info  view all units midnight cove rates rental agreement amenities/property description rental information  reserve now!  guest login  travel insurance contact maps  midnight cove whole property map  midnight cove gulf side  midnight cove bay side  owners owners log in  rental owners log in association management company blog
travel insurance





please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility


