











an appalachian summer | appalachian state university

















































skip to main content












donate

buy tickets















schedule
tickets
plan your visit

accessibility
venues
local partners


support

individual donations and support
corporate sponsorships
endowments


about

rosen-schaffel competition
news and media resources
past events


contact
donate
buy tickets





















 















an appalachian summersummer 2025boone, ncseason announcement later this spring!









rosen-schaffel competitionjoin us in discovering and nurturing the talents of the next generation of classical musicians from across the nation.
explore the competition










tickets



season brochure



venues







presented by appalachian state university’s office of arts engagement and cultural resources, this annual celebration of the performing and visual arts is held every summer in venues across the university campus, and features an eclectic mix of music, dance, theatre, visual arts and film programming.

event schedule




there are no upcoming events at this time.





































appsummer.org and tickets.com are the only official sources for tickets to an appalachian summer. please check the url in your browser to ensure that you are only purchasing from one of these sources. learn more about tickets for an appalachian summer.

view the full schedule







stay in touch with the arts!
use the hashtag #appsummer to join others talking about the high country’s annual celebration of music, dance, theatre, film, and visual arts.

followfollowfollowfollow







program sponsors & supporters











































































































































schaefer center for the performing arts



turchin center for the visual arts



 










stay connected





subscribe to our email list to receive the latest updates about an appalachian summer, the schaefer center presents series, and the turchin center for the visual arts. you can unsubscribe at any time.





join our physical mailing list to receive exclusive season brochures, postcards, and more about an appalachian summer, the schaefer center presents series, and the turchin center for the visual arts.

join our mailing list











733 rivers st.boone, nc 28608828-262-4046toll-free: 800-841-arts (2787)theschaefercenter@appstate.edu

followfollowfollowfollow






disclaimer
eo policy
accessibility
privacy policy
website manager: westal1


© 2025 appalachian state university. all rights reserved.







 
































