




amy foundation website





























home
about amy foundation
statement of faith
privacy

amy writing awards
past winners

amy internet syndicate
writing resources
church writing groups

conference resources
newsletter
links
contact
each one bring one
order brochure
brochure content
what pastors are saying
each one bring one each year










welcome to the amy foundation website.  as a thoughtful american you have experienced concern for the deepening moral and spiritual challenges  in our nation.
here you can participate in solutions leading to restoration of the goodness that makes america great. explore the features and resources at this site and participate in the grandest of all causes: that work resulting in "one nation under god, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all."
latest news:  
amy writing awards:  we know that many lives have been positively influenced by articles written and submitted to the amy writing awards, and we hope that we have in some small way, encouraged you to write articles that in a "sensitive, thought-provoking manner present the biblical position on issues affecting the world today."the authors who have participated in our award programare an inspiration to all of us who served on our writing awards committee.  
we want to notify you of our decision to make the 2015 amy writing awards contest the final year of the amy writing awards.  when the 2015 award is presented in may 2016, it will be the 31st and final amy writing award to be given.
in total, during the past 31 years, the amy foundation has presented 264 authors with 435 prizes for their efforts to help disciple our nation.thank you for your past and continued efforts to minister through your gift of writing.
the amy foundation board of directors has made this decision in part due to the dwindling number of entries we were receiving each year, and also in part so that we can allocate the amy foundation resources to other ministries that are effectively discipling our nation in other ways.  this is not the end of the amy foundation . . .  just the culmination of the amy writing awards.
we thank you again for your participation in the amy writing awards over the years.  you are a blessing to all those who serve on the amy foundation board and to the russell family.
sincerely,
james a. russell, president
on behalf of phyllis russell and
the amy foundation board of directors
the 2015 amy writing award winners were:


nicole brambila 
$10,000 first prize 
ministry of the condemned 
reading eagle;  reading, pa


timothy meinch & jeff chu 
$5,000 second prize 
bishop peni story 
the des moines register; des moines, ia


jimmy tomlin
$4,000 third prize 
prison to the pulpit 
the high point enterprise;  high point, nc 


billy watkins 
$3,000 fourth prize
a monster killed my baby
the clarion ledger; jackson, ms 


charles davies perry 
$2,000 fifth prize 
church remains hopeful 
the sun news; myrtle beach, sc


amy armstrong
$1,000 award of outstanding merit
christian school students pack lunches 
chugiak-eagle river star;  anchorage, ak


jonathan pitts 
$1,000 award of outstanding merit 
voices of local pastors 
the baltimore sun; baltimore, md


olivia kimmel 
$1,000 award of outstanding merit 
i’m dead alive 
dillsburg banner; dillsburg, pa


james k. irish 
$1,000 award of outstanding merit 
miracle boy 
northwest evans living; evans, ga 


kyle huckins 
$1,000 award of outstanding merit 
nfl qb 
marion chronicle-tribune; marion, in


rose korabek 
$1,000 award of outstanding merit 
plenty of friends by their side 
rochester post-bulletin; rochester, mn


cynthia culp allen
$1,000 award of outstanding merit 
debbie young survivor’s story 
siskiyou daily news;  yreka, ca


congratulations to our winners!  (click on the article title above to read their stories.)
pen & sword:  
the pen & sword newsletter publication has been suspended.  we apologize for any inconvenience.  
 rusty wright:  webinar on “writing to influence non-christians".  free online video now available.  writers, editors and publishers from four continents participated live in this 59-minute online session run by magazine training international.  follow the link below to watch it at your leisure:
writing to influence non-christians:  could god use your talents and publications to influence non-christians for christ? learn how readers think and feel, what they want, and why. discover practical tools for analyzing your audience, including their religious persuasion, intellectual level, psychological makeup, needs, moral attitudes, issues, and heroes. this workshop provides practical ways to reach secular readers.  (simple free registration required for video access.  downloadable resource handout included.)
          









© the amy foundation 2006 privacy statement 




