


electric city trolley museum association







home
about the electric city trolley museum and trolley excursion ride
fares
excursion route map
the collection of historic trolley cars
project 505
van depoele library and archives
125th anniversary celebration
photo gallery -**updated**
h j adamcik photo collection
h j adamcik transfer instructions collection
1950s ptc photos
joining the association
technical archives

what's new on the web site
trolley museum and related links
contact




  


welcome to www.ectma.org, the web site of
the electric city trolley museum association
a non-profit educational corporation
the electric city trolley museum association is a volunteer non-profit group that supports the activities of the electric city trolley 
museum in downtown scranton, pennsylvania, usa, at the steamtown national historic site. the association is an outgrowth of predecessor 
preservation groups including buckingham valley trolley association and east penn valley traction, which conveyed to the museum most of 
the trolleys and artifacts in its historic collection. association members support the electric city trolley museum with their time, 
talent, trolley expertise and contributions. the electric city trolley museum association is irs recognized as a 501(c)(3) registered 
non-profit organization, and donations are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by law.  we welcome anyone sharing our interest in 
electric railways of eastern pennsylvania to find out more about the electric city trolley museum association through this web site, and 
to consider joining or supporting our activities by becoming a member.




winter hours
the museum is open 9.00 am until 4:00 pm wednesday through sunday.
closed monday and tuesday in january, february and march.
the museum will be open on the holiday mondays january 20th and february 17th.





we are pleased to announce we will be hosting the garden railway society and other setups of live model steamers again this year.  weather permitting, we will be offering trolley excursions on saturday february 15th and sunday february 16th. excursion times will be 10:30, noon, 1:30 and 3:00. please join us for this unique event.



2025 trolley excursion rides will resume in the spring of 2025.



the trolley excursions will be operated in a safe, sanitized environment.




during sundays when special baseball excursions are run, may 18th, june 1st, june 15th, june 29th, july 6th, july 13th, august 3rd, august 17th, august 31st and september 14th, the only times excursions are open to the general public are 10:30 am and 1:30 pm. 

please note that tickets for the trolley excursion are sold at the trolley museum building and are not available on the car. the trolley excursion boarding area is between the trolley museum building and the main steamtown facilities.














for the 2025 season the trolley will run to the following scranton/wilkes-barre railriders games at pnc field:




the trolley departs at 12:15 pm.  game times are 1:05 pm.
the $25.00 per person price for these special excursions include a trolley ride to the stadium (boarding in downtown scranton at the steamtown platform),
baseball admission ticket and return trolley ride to downtown scranton.(trolley ride to game only is $15.00)
reservations are required.  all ticket sales are through the museum. please call the museum at (570) 963-6590 for further information and the necessary reservations.



please go the museum page for additional information 
about visiting the museum.




project 505
project 505 is a project being promoted by the electric city trolley museum association and several greater scranton civic leaders to 
bring back a part of scranton's transit history by restoring to service a classic 1929 electromobile streetcar.
click here for information about car #505 and how to donate to project 505
 








scranton - the electric city
on november 29, 1886, charles j. van depoele was at the controller of car #4 and made the first "test run" of the new electric streetcar. 
he only operated the car to spruce and adams avenue and returned to franklin avenue at lackawanna avenue. when he was operating the second test run, 
there was a short circuit problem in the motor and that was the end of operation that day. the next day, november 30, 1886 was the day the first 
electric streetcar operated from the corner of lackawanna avenue on franklin avenue to the green ridge section of scranton. the year, 2011 marked the 
125th year since that "first run". to commemorate that historic event, the city of scranton along with the electric city trolley museum association 
co-operated with several events in 2011.  please check www.ectma.org/125th and the city of scranton web site 
www.scrantonpa.gov for further information.







send questions and comments for the lackawanna county trolley museum
send questions and comments to the association webmaster
updated 2/14/2025. copyright  2000-2025 - electric city trolley museum association. all rights reserved.



