college of health and human sciences








powercat


pause


chevron


double-chevron



play


chat-purple





home


laptop-purple






list-purple











computer window with a question mark





close


facebook


linkedin


menu


search


twitter


youtube


apply-purple








apply-white








chat-white





request-purple



request-white







jump to main contentjump to footer

kansas state university



connect
canvas
orgcentral
navigate
ksis
hris
webmail



sign in


browse a-z




college of health and human sciencessearch
search
meaningful lives andcareers start heremeaningful lives andcareers start hereapply nowrequest infoapply nowrequest info choose from 50+ programswhich program type interests you?undergraduate certificatebachelor's degreesecondary majorminorgraduate certificatemaster's degreedoctoral degreeselectexplore all programs$1.4+ million provided in scholarships and awards97% of graduates areemployed or furthering their educationfind you home herevisit k-statedevelop your educational and professional skillsexplore career development
welcome to the college of health and human sciences
in a world focused on things, we focus first on people.
find your passion
 
visit campusattend campus eventhhs experience days


college news


february 7, 2025
lacy's fresh fare and catering open for spring semester
lacy's fresh fare and catering, located inside justin hall, has begun their lunch service for the spring semester. the popular on-campus lunch destination is a student-run fast-casual restaurant featuring fresh salads, sandwiches, wraps and more at an affordable price. this semester, guests can enjoy an expanded selection of grab-and-go items including salads, yogurt parfaits and […]
continue reading »



february 3, 2025
social impact lab provides hands-on learning for middle and high school students interested in a future career in a helping profession
k-state’s departments of applied human sciences and sociology, anthropology and social work will host their annual social impact lab for students in grades seven through ten this spring. the program will be hosted april 2 on the manhattan campus from 9 a.m. – 1:30 p.m. the social impact lab brings participants to campus to meet […]
continue reading »



january 27, 2025
high school juniors and seniors are invited to apply for the 2025 health professions exploration program
the health professions exploration program is a week-long program designed for incoming (2025-2026) high school juniors and seniors who are interested in a career helping others through the health care industry. participants will come to meet, explore and experience a variety of health care professions and academic programs with a small cohort of like-minded high […]
continue reading »



more news »


apply-white








chat-white





request-white



how to applyrequest infovisitcollege of health and human sciences119 justin hall 1324 lovers ln, manhattan, ks 66506 785-532-5500 |  785-532-5504  fax | hhs@k-state.edu 
office hoursmon-fri:8 a.m. - 5 p.m. central
 
 
faculty / staff information





contact us


emergency


statements and disclosures


accessibility





kbor free expression statement




© kansas state university


updated






updated: 2/4/25

