



doll patterns, raggedy ann patterns, primitive doll patterns, primitive black doll patterns, threadbare primitives








 



































primitive pearsand crows pattern




primitive bumble beepattern




primitive beedoll pattern




primitive raggedy annand sheep pattern




primitive raggedy dollbee pattern




raggedy ann dollpattern and bunny




primitive raggedy annheart pattern




primitive black doll pattern




primitive black stump doll pattern




primitive black doll pattern




primitive americana doll pattern




primitive black doll and sunflower




black doll ladybug pattern




black doll bunny pattern




raggedy ann doll pattern




primitive sheep ornie pattern




black doll watermelon pattern





















welcome to threadbare primitives where you will
find a unique blend of whimsical country folk art and
olde tattered primitives from a gentler, simpler time.
we have the largest selection of folkart patterns, doll
patterns, raggedy ann patterns, black doll patterns,
crow patterns, cat patterns, bunny patterns, sheep
patterns and country animals of all kinds!  we also 
have seasonal folk art patterns such as primitive
halloween patterns and doll patterns, witch patterns,
pumpkin patterns and ghost patterns... we carry
tons of primitive christmas patterns, santa claus
 patterns and snowman patterns. we also have
ornie patterns, stitchery patterns and sampler
 patterns, needle punch patterns, and quilt
and applique patterns. and to help you put together
your own much loved treasures, we have added a
wonderful variety of craft and doll making supplies
including doll hair, homespun fabric, buttons, and
rusty bells and such. thank you for looking and
blessings always dear friends!


threadbare primitives patterns are distributed and sold
throughout the usa as well as australia, italy and canada
and through many finer quilting and needlework shops. 








  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





sampling of work for sale




thank you for visiting my site! as a special "thank you"
i'd like to offer this wonderful epattern for only $3.50
hurry and download it while you can... i change often.
once the pattern changes it is no longer available at the 
special price.
click on image to go to this special.
$3.50 e-pattern special!


#228 "mirabell pattern" 







join my mailing list for


weekly members specials!!!


if you would like to be added to my mailing list
to be notified about my new patterns or finished

items up for auction on ebay, and weekly members specials please fill out the email form with your name and email addressyou want the weekly members specials to be sent to then click send! thank you!
 email
         tbpsales@gmail.com




a big heartfelt thank you to homespun magazine. 
i had the honor of making the front cover
and being the guest designer of this issue.
what a thrill! that's my little penguin on the front cover.


friends of threadbare primitives 
sponsored links 
interested in advertising with us? 
click here for details!








 

 





 

 



 









 

 







main page,
finished dolls,

finished samplers,

new patterns,

raggedy ann patterns,

black doll patterns,

ornie patterns,

animal friend patterns,

pin keep patterns,

spring and summer patterns,

fall and halloween patterns,

winter and christmas patterns,

folk art patterns,

makedo patterns,

stitchery patterns,

quit and applique patterns,

punch needle patterns,

doll making supplies,

doll hair,

fabric,

pattern specials,

wholesale patterns,

my ebay,

contact us


all images are property of threadbare primitives.
no reproduction in any way without permission. copyright will be strictly enforced.  copyright


threadbare primitives is your best source for primitive santa claus patterns, primitive snowman patterns, primitive gingerbread man patterns, and primitive christmas tree patterns for your christmas doll making. we have primitive mitten patterns, primitive penguin patterns, and primitive cardinal patterns. if you are looking for primitive black santa patterns or primitive santa claus doll patterns or primitive snowman ornies, please look here first. our large selection of primitive snowman doll patterns and primitive gingerbread ornie patterns and christmas tree ornie patterns cannot be beat!

























"primitive frog"doll pattern




"gretchen"primitive doll pattern




primitive bunny rabbit doll pattern




primitive mouse snowman pattern




primitive santa claus pattern




primitive snowman pattern




primitive gingerbread man pattern




primitive witch pattern




primitive witch doll pattern




primitive black doll pumpkin witch pattern




primitive pumpkin witch pattern




clara and cluck pattern




raggedy ann and bee pattern




primitive raggedy ann pattern




primitive reindeer doll pattern




primitive santa mouse pattern




primitive santa claus pattern




primitive sunflower doll pattern
ladybug bumble bee ornies 




primitive crowpattern




primitive frogdoll pattern




primitive blackdoll pattern




primitive gingerbreaddoll pattern




raggedy ann doll patternand cat




primitive blacksanta claus pattern




primitive black doll pattern




raggedy ann dollpattern and sheep




beloved belindypattern




raggedy anndoll pattern




raggedy ann doll pattern




raggedy ann doll pattern




simple annieraggedy ann doll pattern




 







