








rover rescue – rover rescue


























skip to content

















about us
adoptable pets
help us

become a foster home
fostering faq
wish list
donate
pet paintings


events
resources

giving up a pet?
why rescue?
newsletters
helpful links


new pet owner tips

costs of owning a pet & costs saving guide
safe driving with pets
pet safety
removing pet stains & odors
modifying a home for disabled pets
smoking around pets
dog with food allergies
allergies to dogs?
dog training near you


contact us
 







foster homes desperately needed!
can you help save lives?










adopt


all of our dogs are in volunteer foster homes waiting to find a forever home. find your next furry best friend here.

view adoptable pets






donate


can't adopt but want to help? give a monetary donation to help continue the rover rescue mission.



donate






volunteer


interested in being a foster home or helping at events? become a rover rescue volunteer.



learn more










about us


rover rescue is a network of volunteer foster homes. we are a totally volunteer organization; no paid staff.  we do not have a central shelter.  there is no application to complete.  all you need to do to meet a dog is to contact the person listed at the end of the dog’s biography which is usually the foster home.  this person will help you decide if the dog would be a good match for your family and if so then set up a time for your family to meet the dog.







foster program 


 interested in providing a loving home for dogs waiting for adoption? all vetting and supplies are covered by rover rescue. you provide the time and care. 





 if you'd like to learn more about fostering and how to start the process, check out the fostering faqs. 




 wishlist 


 rover rescue is always in need of certain items. if you'd like to donate something, check out our wish list.


 

events view all events




pet supplies plus in montgomery – adoption event
february 22 @ 12:00 pm
please join us at this adoption event from noon to 2pm.   bring the whole family, including dogs, to this event…
view event






petsmart in geneva – adoption event
march 1 @ 12:00 pm
please join us at geneva petsmart for this adoption event.  even if you are not looking for a new family…
view event






petco in north aurora – adoption event
march 2 @ 12:00 pm
join us at petco for this rover rescue adoption event.  this is an indoor adoption event.  bring the whole family,…
view event






hollywood feed in aurora – adoption event
march 8 @ 12:00 pm
please join us at hollywood feed in aurora, from noon until 2pm.  we will be located inside the store.  come…
view event












contact us
rover rescue
po box 4074
aurora, il 60507


(630) 897-7454
info@roverrescue.org












						©2025 rover rescue					















