









genetics





















saturday 15 february 2025



hospital maps
gp portal
cancel your appointment





























coronavirus
wards & departments
patients & visitors
about us
news
events
getting to the hospital
working for team salisbury









home >
wards & departments >
departments >
genetics





genetics








description




wessex genomics laboratory service (salisbury)






head of service




director: prof. ncp cross ma phd frcpath






best place to park




car park 8 at the rear of the hospital






direct telephone no




laboratory: 023 81 207100






extension no




023 81 207100




the regional genetics laboratory is based at salisbury district hospital but managed by university hospitals southampton (uhs) from 1st october 2022. together with molecular pathology at uhs, we form the wessex genomics laboratory service, a constituent of the central and south genomics laboratory hub.
we provide an accredited genetics and genomics service for a core population of 3 million in the south central (formerly wessex) region of england, as well as specialist testing for other centres as part of the nhs genomic medicine service (gms). we accept samples referred by health care professionals from the uk or abroad, and offer high-quality testing, interpretation and reporting for a wide range of genetic conditions. the laboratory is iso15189-accredited and is directed by professor nick cross ma phd frcpath.
we work in conjunction with the wessex clinical genetics service (wcgs) based at princess anne hospital, southampton and undertake basic and applied research as part of the university of southampton.



information for patients




research




our services




referral forms




clinical genetics




information for healthcare professionals







quality management




quality management, accreditation and external quality assessment
we are a iso15189 accredited medical laboratory service committed to providing users with a service of the highest quality to meet clinical need.
the majority of the tests offered by the laboratory are accredited to iso15189:2012, (ukas account no 9005).
tests currently provided outside the ukas schedule of accreditation:

snp array (pending extension to scope)
whole genome sequencing (pending extension to scope)
flt3-tkd hot spot by fragment analysis (pending extension to scope)
pan-haematological ngs panel (pending extension to scope)
ngs assays on dna extracted from formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded (ffpe) material (pending extension to scope)
monitoring of fip1l1::pdgfra fusion and other rarer gene fusions associated with eosinophilic mpns by nested rt-pcr or multiplex genomic dna analysis (pending extension to scope)

we operate a comprehensive quality management system and aim to produce: 

accurate results
using appropriate testing strategies
in an appropriate timeframe
with appropriate comment and interpretation to assist clinicians in providing the best management of their patients.

our tests are all fully validated and/or verified internally (as appropriate) to include sensitivity, specificity, measurement uncertainty (where applicable), internal quality control and test limitations/interferences. test limitations and sensitivity are stated on our reports, where appropriate. information relating to any of the above validation parameters is available on request.
as part of our ongoing commitment to quality standards, we participate in all relevant external quality assessment schemes provided by the following eqa bodies: genqa (formerly uk neqas for molecular genetics and ceqas); leucocyte immunophenotyping; blood coagulation; histocompatibility and immunogenetics; european molecular genetics quality network (emqn) and european research initiative cll (eric), for all of which we typically achieve excellent results. please contact us for further details if required. 
we aim to follow all national best practice guidelines and endeavour to meet nhse recommended turnaround times. please consult the national turn around targets to find the reporting times you can expect for your referrals.
we welcome user feedback and appraisal of our service by emailing shc-tr.wrgldutyscientist@nhs.net.







training








the wessex genomics laboratory service (wgls) is committed to the training and development of new and existing staff:
scientific staffwe are an accredited training centre for genomic sciences and currently offer the nhs scientist training programme (stp) and higher specialist scientist training (hsst) in genomics and clinical bioinformatics. we also support the provision of the genomics modules to other life science disciplines as part of the stp training programme. further information on these programmes can be found through the national school of healthcare science.
technical staffwe are accredited to supervise and assess technical staff to undertake the institute of biomedical science certificate of achievement parts i and ii.  we also have experience of supporting technical staff to undertake a level 6 apprenticeship to gain an integrated bsc (hons) healthcare science practitioner (genetic sciences) degree.











contact us








opening times: 9:00am - 5:30pm (monday - friday)
 
enquiries and feedback
please email enquiries and out-of-hours messages to duty scientist.
our scientists are happy to give advice on scientific or technical matters and to discuss the availability of tests and the progress of individual samples with healthcare professionals only.
for counselling and clinical issues, or enquiries from patients, please contact the clinical genetics service.
director: professor ncp cross
head of service: dr ca waterman
operations manager: ms c beard
lead molecular geneticist: dr s thomas
lead cytogeneticist: ms ce price
lead oncology geneticist: dr l chiecchio
quality manager: ms b broadbent





wessex genomics laboratory service (salisbury)salisbury district hospital (sdh north)salisburywiltshireunited kingdomsp2 8bjtel: 01722 429080
 





concerns, complaints or compliments
if you have any concerns, complaints, comments or compliments regarding any aspect of our service, please draw them to the attention of our senior team (contact above) and/or to the university hospital southampton nhs foundation trust patient advice and liaison services (pals) 
























trust privacy notice



information on the university hospital southampton privacy policy, for both patients and staff, is available from uhs privacy notice.








please give us feedback about our website






the trust
our staff at salisbury district hospital have long been well regarded for the quality of care and treatment they provide for our patients and for their innovation, commitment and professionalism. this has been recognised in a wide range of achievements and it is reflected in our award of nhs foundation trust status. this is afforded to hospitals that provide the highest standards of care.




legal & privacy

privacy policy


use of cookies


site map


accessibility statement





sustainability





join us on social media




information & resources






person centred & safe


professional


responsive


friendly


progressive






salisbury nhs foundation trust, salisbury district hospital, odstock road, salisbury, wiltshire, sp2 8bj


t: 01722 336262 e: sft.pals@nhs.net





© 2025 salisbury nhs foundation trust















