






lutheran education association – linking, equipping, affirming educators and workers in lutheran ministries

























































skip to content











leahubeventsresourcesdonate

























leahubeventsresourcesdonate














 



home
events

lea convocation
create a virtual event
2025 lea national administrators conference


resources
donate
about lea

meet the team
our mission, vision, and values


awards
be a member
exhibitors and sponsors
how we serve

advocacy
past award recipients
educators we serve


leaconnects
leahub
leaven blog
lutheran junior honor association (ljha)

ljha store


spiritual nurture in the lutheran early childhood classroom video series
contact us
 












 















lutheran education association






linking, equipping, affirming educators in lutheran ministries
















become a member












leoc












leaconnects























featured resources






there’s always something new on our resource platform, leaconnects.
browse and enjoy!








 


lea convocation















 


webinars












 


lutheran education opportunity center












 


words on wednesday














 


devotions












 


shaping the future












 


leanews














 


leaven blog












 


what works for me podcast

























get the support you need to give students your best






cutting-edge ideas deeply rooted in lutheran tradition















stay inspired and informedkeep up-to-date with fresh ideas for today's classroom settings
 










remain rooted in scriptureaccess christ-centered
resources
 












strengthen your networkinteract with a community of like-minded educators
 










find affirmation & advocacyreceive support as an educator in a lutheran setting
 


































stay connected






we’d love to have you as part of our community. it's a great way to communicate with others who share your ministry.
between our convocations, conferences, and listservs, you can find solutions for your questions, and provide help to others who need help.
principals, support your faculty by providing lea membership for each educator in your school. to register your full faculty and receive a membership discount for your teachers, please click below.









become a member












full faculty form
























how to get involved




















browse our resourcesaccess to decades of articles and videos


leaconnects



 










join for fullaccessbecome a member to unlock all content


become a member



 










enjoy memberbenefitstake part in the lea community, receive special discounts, and more.


how we serve



 



















lea member benefits




















 





bi-weekly news reports



 





tips of the week curated for your area of expertise



 





weekly print and video devotionals



 





shaping the future-online magazine articles 












 





access to archive of thousands of articles, devotionals, and videos



 





online interaction with like-minded educators



 





discounts to lea’s live events



 





weekly blog























 



 




here's what educators aresaying about lea






























lea convocation participant"thank you for another delightful lea convocation. i attended some awesome workshops and really enjoyed the mass events. it was heartwarming to see educators swarming in the exhibit hall and having time to be in fellowship with each other."
 












teacher education student"we’re learning from people who have already had so many years of experience, and who have gone before us and are able to provide us with insights and wisdom as we prepare for those similar experiences."
 













































lea member"thank you for including me in this fabulous, loving, and
missional team/family called lea."
 





















 



 

















lutheran junior honor association 

















spiritual nurture in the lutheran early childhood classroom 

















lutheran education opportunity center 









 

























lutheran education association links, equips, and affirms educators and workers in ministry for the purpose of building up the body of christ.









contact us























7400 augusta streetriver forest, il 60305 














(708) 209-3343 











8:30 am – 4:00 pm (cst) 










(708) 209-3458 













lea@lea.org 










quick links
















about lea
lea market
request a prayer
privacy policy
terms & conditions









follow us


















































				search			



search



 

















© 2021 lutheran education association. all rights reserved.










powered by 







powered by 









 
scroll to top







