





the structure of heaven – an encyclopedia of the paranormal, how spirit is organized and how it affects your daily life












































 






the structure of heaven
an encyclopedia of the paranormal, how spirit is organized and how it affects your daily life



menu


home
about me
contact me
about the structure of heaven
introduction
1. skepticism and classical physics

skepticism/humanism
skepticism/relativity and quantum physics
skepticism/csicop
skepticism/why the skeptics are wrong
skepticism/the advantages of belief


2. the human soul

why do we live in a material universe?
the human soul and its relationship to the body


3. god and theodicy

does god cause bad things to happen to good people?
guardian spirits and the life plan
what is theodicy?

zoroastrian theodicy
jewish theodicy
christian theodicy
why is theodicy important?
can love conquer all??




4. psychics and mediums- an overview

what are psychics and mediums?
why mediums can’t seem to agree about the afterlife


5. the structure of heaven

the universe according to emanuel swedenborg and frederick myers
a map of the spiritual realm
spirit portals


6. heaven, hell and the planes of illusion

introducing the transitional plane (the earth sphere)

the functions of the transitional plane.
crossing over
time traps on the transitional plane


evolution within the planes of illusion

the summerlands and above
the winterlands


the hells

the conditions in the hells
who goes to hell?
hell and the transitional plane


how spirits from different levels perceive each other
vertical stratification of the spiritual realm and how spirits progress
horizontal stratification and spiritual social groups


7. what happens when we die?

there is no external judgment in the afterlife!
death doesn’t change a soul’s attitude
the life review
what do spirits look like?
ghosts and their clothes
zombies
time 
time in the planes of illusion
memory in the world of spirit
what’s it like to be dead?


8. spiritual laws/the law of divine love

spiritual laws/the law of compensation
spiritual laws/spiritual gravity
spiritual laws/spiritual frequencies
spiritual laws/the law of attraction
spiritual laws/the law of free will and good vs. evil
the red devil and the white angel
the spiritual advantage of living in a material world
why does god allow bad things to happen to good people?


9. the human aura and theosophy

the aura as a protective spiritual skin
the aura and spiritual infection (obsession)


10. dr. carl wickland and thirty years among the dead

dr. wickland’s spirit dialogs
spirit related insanity


11. spiritual infection and modern psychiatry

emanuel swedenborg’s spiritual insight
wilson van dusen
wilson van dusen’s heavenly and hellish voices
entities that invade the minds of the living


12. earthbound spirits

will i end up an earthbound spirit?

three reasons that good souls get stuck on the transitional plane.


where do ghosts get their energy?
human spirit obsession
human spirit possession
criminal culpability and spiritual infections
enthrallment by the living and hypnosis

enthrallment and abusive relationships
enthrallment: cults
enthrallment in the afterlife
enthrallment by god and angels




13. angels and demons

the provenance of angelic beings
the war in heaven
angels and their function in religion
magic and wicca
demonology

the structure of hell
how demons infect a person or place
the five stages of demonic attack
why do demons want to possess people?
the characteristics of demons
thought forms




14 exorcim

major exorcisms (also called imperative exorcisms)
false, or fake possessions
how religion views demons vs. ghosts
avoiding demonic repossession
who can remove demons?
removing human ghosts
exorcism and poltergeist activity in disturbed children
haunted dolls and other objects
dealing with family and marriage disturbances caused by ghosts
goodness and ghosts


15. poltergeists, ghosts and hauntings

poltergeists versus ghosts
how spiritualists view ghosts
how parapsychologists view ghosts
children and poltergeist infestations
poltergeists that make the news
ghosts and spiritual imprints
ghosts of famous people
why do ghosts seem bound to the same location?

ghosts and sensory deprivation


a ghost story
differentiating between human and demonic hauntings

hauntings by human ghosts

ghost hangouts


hauntings by demonic spirits




16. all about psychics and others prone to spiritual infections

1. psychic sensitives

psi and the human brain
the five general categories of psychics


2. spiritual infection and mental illness

are the spiritually infected mentally ill responsible for their criminal acts?


3.  spiritual infection and acquired negative lifestyles

spiritual infection and drug and alcohol addiction
spiritual infection as a result of negative personality traits


4. spiritual infection and childhood abuse


17. criminals and spirits

why are criminals more prone to spirit obsession than other people?


18. religion and government

the birth of morality
religion = spirit + politics
the paranormal and religion
human nature-the real reason for religion

sex and religion
religion and war
religion vs. secular law


religious dogmas

the catholic sexual abuse scandal


spiritualism
why are the dark spheres necessary?


19. spirit lies and tall tales!

edgar cayce
edgar cayce and atlantis


20. suicide and its spiritual consequences

nondiscretionary suicides
discretionary suicide
why you should never choose to commit suicide
suicide terrorists


21. reincarnation (an introduction)

spiritualism and reincarnation
allan kardec and the spirits’ book
allan kardec, a warrior for reincarnation
theosophy and reincarnation

madame blavatsky


a house divided
karma
swedenborg on reincarnation
the group soul (the oversoul)


22. reincarnation: the evidence

the evidence for possession as an alternative to reincarnation
the early church and the history of reincarnation in the west
past life regression
is reincarnation really a part of god’s plan?

why would a soul choose to reincarnate?
the pitfalls of reincarnation
if a soul reincarnates, what happens to the old personality?
the ultimate fate of old personalities 




23. the cross correspondences
24. the fox sisters and the birth of spiritualism page 1

the fox sisters and the birth of spiritualism page 2
the fox sisters and the birth of spiritualism page 3
the fox sisters and the birth of spiritualism page 4
the fox sisters and the birth of spiritualism page 5
the fox sisters and the birth of spiritualism page 6
the fox sisters: original report of the hydesville haunting


 




menu


















home 

the structure of heaven

the spiritual world is hugely diverse subject. there are angels and demons, ghosts and haunted houses, and of course, the spirit of aunt selma who drops in every so often in a dream or channeled through a medium.  there are thousands of books written on each of these subjects, but no one ever seems interested in putting the parts together in a coherent whole.  how does one reconcile, say, the catholic version of a beautiful heaven versus a demon infested hell with the very benign vision produced by the famous “bereavement” mediums on tv who speak of a busy and happy afterlife with virtually no negativity to spoil your heavenly enjoyment?
where do all of these spiritual entities live?  why does aunt selma seem to live in a happy part of the spiritual world while the ghost of some long forgotten guy haunts an old house across town?  what’s the difference between a ghost and a demon?  who goes to heaven?  is there a hell?  how about reincarnation; and if reincarnation is a fact, how does it relate to an eternal heaven? do bad people just become good when they die?
in addition, you have all the complexities of the world of the paranormal.  there are psychics, mediums, esp, psychokinesis and a world of parapsychological phenomena all attributable to living people. if you want to understand the spiritual world, you have to understand the world of psi and intuition because these facilities are the nexus between the living and the dead.  they are the way the two worlds communicate with each other. 
you could look up each subject individually since there is an unending supply of information about each one, but the question of what happens to individual souls after the death of the body depends on which books you read.  each religion has its own answers.  to catholics, you either go to heaven or hell depending on your adherence to the church dogmas.  to jews, everyone remains in an anesthetized state in the sheol until the final judgement.  most protestants believe in heaven and hell, but your fate depends on which denomination and what they taught you in sunday school.  psychics and mediums can’t agree either.  
none of the sources address the ultimate fate of ghosts or how to avoid becoming one after death. what happens to lovable uncle charlie who spent his life scamming the public and was in and out of jail all the time?  nice guy, but he was a criminal!  what if i commit a crime and no one ever finds out?  what will happen to my soul then?
this book has been in the works for over 45 years.  it started as a hobby and culminated in the structure of heaven.  ultimately, i wrote this book in an attempt to make sense of all the seemingly contradictory information about spirit, and in the process, i came to believe deeply in god.  it was a long journey for me. i’m not saying i know all the answers, but maybe by reading this book, you can get a better handle on the spiritual side of your life. 
introduction>>>>>
note: you can read it all here by clicking through all the pages, or you can just buy the paperback or the downloadable ebook  at amazon.com. 
if you want an easy-to-read book on modern science and its relationship with god, read my companion book science, math and god, also available on amazon.com.
finally, click here to read the most important book ever written on the subject of the plane of the earthbound spirits
click the link below to start your journey.






searchsearch

you can buy this book on amazon.com


this book is available at amazon in 2 formats  ebook paperback 
 i don't advertise on this site, and the sale of this book is the only way i can recoup my hosting fees.  i wrote this as a public service.  everyone has a right to understand that no one lives forever, but no one ever really dies! 



science, math and god

science, math and god is the companion book,  originally written as a preface to the structure of heaven.  it's a book that explains why the skeptics are wrong, and why modern science no longer rules out the paranormal. learn why god now has a place to live. (also available as an ebook and paperback at amazon.com)   



the lower reaches of heaven

the lower reaches of heaven is a modern rendition of an of an old book; thirty years among the dead by dr. carl wickland. it is essential reading if you want to understand earthbound spirits and the dynamics of their environment.  it also contains lots of editorial comment and historical facts, as well insight into how ghosts think.









the structure of heaven is a 350 page book that can be downloaded from amazon.com in kindle format by clicking here.  it is also available in paperback format by clicking here.
 


		    			©2025 the structure of heaven					












