









cliff finch's topiary zoo - making quality topiary frames since 1981








































 















home
shop
frame types

basket
classic
tabletop
traditional
custom


about us
contact
request quote
 





select page


  
 
 













making quality topiary frames since 1981











cliff finch’s topiary zoo, a family business run by cliff and joanie finch, has been making quality frame topiary since 1981. from small tabletop topiary designs to life-size animal topiarys, each topiary frame is made by hand with utmost care. the topiary frames are individually welded with heavy-gauge steel wire; then powder coated, a process which bakes on a durable finish, or hand-painted with a rust-resistant paint.







before and after photos






swan topiary




elephant topiary: planted and trained by barbra castro!




bear topiary: planted and trained by barbra castro!




rhinoceros topiary: featured at the san diego zoo






lots to choose from!
there are 95 standard topiary frame designs in the brochure. the topiary zoo includes a nursery featuring plants suitable for topiary. joanie, an ivy enthusiast, supervises the topiary nursery and provides consultation on topiary planting. private tours and classes can be arranged as well. 







articles and stories







what is topiary?
topiary is simply the art or practice of trimming and shaping plants into ornamental shapes…





planting an ivy topiary wreath
planting an ivy topiary ring, or wreath, is the easiest of topiaries to make. the plant you choose to use…





herbie the brontosaurus
this topiary brontosaurus resides at the garden of the sun in fresno california. it was created for the children’s garden…





garden topiary
a variety of fish topiary frames made for a shopping center in hawaii. dolphin, angelfish shark, whale and swordfish…



 







articleswhat is topiary
planting and ivy topiary wreath
herbie the brontosaurus
garden topiary
learn frame typesbasket
classic
tabletop
traditional
custom
contact phone: (559) 822-2315
9:30am – 3:00pm pdt
thursday through saturday

 



©2025 cliff finch's topiary zoo, all rights reserved.  



















