







the regan group | brand activation through strategic marketing































































































skip to content















 















home
who we are
what we do

sweepstakes + sales promotions
digital + social media promotions
experiential marketing
field marketing + street teams
retail + shopper marketing
shipping + fulfillment


our work
blog
contact
download overview
 









downloadoverview 


















home 

 







 












we make traffic a  good thing. 



whether it’s digital, social, shopper, or experiential, we know how to steer consumers to your brand.























services 



where digital, experiential, and retail meet. 





























explore the marketing solutions we offer:































sweepstakes + sales promotions

spark interest in your brand and generate consumer engagement
through sweepstakes,instant win 
games, user-generated contests
and more.




















digital + social media promotions

motivate consumers to connect with your brand by creating, curating and posting research-drive content, on your social channels and the channels of influencers. 




















experiential marketing

create an immersive brand experience that enthralls your audience while driving connection and earned media.

































field marketing + street teams

put the very best people in the right places at the right moments to create consumer-direct connections.




















retail + shopper marketing

leverage shopper marketing 
strategies based on real insights to 
drive traffic and shopper engagement.




















shipping + fulfillment

execute any marketing program or 
promotion with our seamless back end 
shipping and fulfillment services. ​
































 










about us 



we’ve been in business for 25+ years 









…and when you’ve been in the industry for that long, you learn a thing or two.














meet our talented team


























 










our work 



we make magic happen through consumer engagement.

 





























…but don’t just take our word for it, see for yourself:


















all
digital
experiential
featured
field
shopper
sweepstakes





 


		sour punch “embrace your punch” experiential sampling tour		






 


		red vines made in california sampling tour		






 


		sun-maid + the lorax sweepstakes		






 


		nbc + sprint “the voice” framily sweepstakes		






 


		barbara’s bakery + lego partnership program		






 


		sun-maid bake it for santa hashtag sweepstakes		






































years in business

















sweepstakes built a year

















experiential activations produced

















happy clients

















our clients 
























 

















testimonials 



we love getting feedback. 





























here’s what some of our clients are saying about trg:




























"our project manager was fantastic to work with. she communicated with my team every step of the way about budget, weekly project progress, recommendations for success, upcoming deadlines, feedback through tours, and everything in between. i always felt like i knew where i stood with these projects, and i knew we could trust the trg team to handle any unexpected changes or problems because they'd done their homework and were dedicated to my brand."kate allisonthe american licorice company




"we’ve launched several consumer sweepstakes initiatives in the past, but none of them has ever been as effortless for my team as the one we did with the regan group. . .they truly are the experts at taking an idea and turning it into an effective, turnkey program."janet gieselmanmacaroni grill




"trg was absolutely critical in the success of our 50th anniversary marketing and pr strategy. we couldn’t have done it without trg."lynn berling-manuelayso vice  president




"out of all the companies i've worked with over the past 14 years, trg has been the easiest and best company in terms of doing it once and doing it right. great stuff."peter blackwellfirst star communications




"just wanted to send you a much overdue thank you for all your work for our macro cumbión event. we truly couldn’t have done it without you and trg! we look forward to many more fun and successful events in the near future."gema zywiciel account manager - barú marketing & media




 





















contact us 



activate trg today! 





























want to learn more about how we can add value to your brand and help generate sales?contact us for a free consultation.
















360 w 132nd st. los angeles, ca 90061















 


310. 327. 7321
















 


info@theregangroup.com




























 









ready to activate trg? contact us!





[recaptcha]

δ


 










 









 










recent instagram posts 




























 













recent posts 







trg client; denali publishing – announces...regangroupmarketing


how to structure loyalty programs for...regangroupmarketing


why committing to one specific strategy...regangroupmarketing


patti regan named “woman entrepreneur of the...regangroupmarketing




 









stop by our offices 



los angeles360 west 132nd streetlos angeles, california 90061view map2150 park placeel segundo, california 90245view mapaustin105 yacht ct.austin, tx 78734view mapnew york135 w 26th street, 8th floornew york, new york 10001view map 










recent tweets 



tweets by “theregangroup” 












facebook



twitter



instagram



linkedin


























© 2018 the regan group. all rights reserved.

















































































