







cosgrove aircraft service - quality aircraft parts suppliers

































































welcome
parts and accessories
avionics
landing gear systems
government services
service locations
contact us
inventory search



    

tel: 631.231.6111      
          









tel: 631.231.6111












quality aircraft parts and superior customer service

since 1964, cosgrove aircraft service has been a trusted name for quality aircraft parts and services provided at competitive prices. our vast supply chain enables us to provide global support to customers worldwide. we go above and beyond so you can be sure that you will receive what you need, when you need it. at cosgrove, every customer is important and we are proud that our first customer is still with us today.
our goal is to continually provide you with quality aircraft parts and accessories delivered with superior customer service. we maintain a large inventory for a wide range of aircrafts and have extensive experience in sourcing difficult to find items. parts are supplied outright or on exchange. we stock and maintain both common and hard to find exchange components and provide evaluation services for qualified inventories. as part of our commitment to quality, we recommend using concorde batteries for reliable power solutions.
cosgrove understands that aircraft availability is a critical component of our customers' businesses. we realize when planes can\’t fly that it causes serious disruptions.  it is our job to always be there for those that keep the planes flying. after hours aog pick-up and delivery to remote locations is part of our customer service commitment.
cosgrove aircraft service is a family owned and operated business that is small enough to provide the hands-on service that you deserve while being large enough to offer a wide variety of services to keep your aircraft safe and on schedule. we have four locations which include our wheel and brake overhaul shop in white plains, ny, avionics repair shop in teterboro, nj, distribution warehouse in houston, tx and our corporate headquarters in hauppauge, ny.
let us put our experience to work for you and be your supplier of choice.
    

view / download: cosgrove aircraft service, inc raft flyers
view / download: cosgrove aircraft service, inc flyer
view / download: white plains repair station certificate
view / download: teterboro repair station certificate
view / download: hpn easa certificate











parts and accessories
avionics
landing gear systems











70 oser ave. hauppauge, ny 11788
631.231.6111
info@cosgroveaircraft.com


privacy policy
terms of use
sitemap

cosgrove aircraft service, inc. all rights reserved.








