




scenic mount lowe railway historical committee











					  




  mt. 
								lowe


								 volunteers



the scenic mount lowe 
						railway historical committee


 

									 

									 

								 


 




see


 
									   
									
mount lowe volunteers 
									website

								 


 




see


 
									   
									
mount lowe volunteers 
									facebook

								 


 




see


    the mt. wilson 
				(ucla) webcam

								 


 




see



									  
									friends of echo mountain facebook

								 


 

									 

									 

								 


 




see


    forest volunteer monthly newsletter

								 


 

								 











mount lowe
 
							located above pasadena, california is part of the
      san gabriel mountains in southern california. it  was originally 
							named oak mountain, but was renamed 
      for
      professor thaddeus s.c. lowe, who 
      built the
      mount lowe railway to its foot in 1896. the record of the naming was 
      made official by
      andrew mcnally, the famous chicago map printer, who promised to print 
      "mount lowe" on all his maps. 
 mt. lowe was established as an alternate 
      route for the mount lowe railway when attempts to procure rights of way to 
      the more prominent
      mount wilson had failed.



              	the scenic mount lowe railway historical committee 

 
the formal 
				name for a group of volunteers who work 
				to preserve the remnants of the mount lowe railway, including 
				structures and artifacts.  the group formed in 1992. 

we work under the authority of the angeles national forest along with a cadre of 
              many other volunteers who help with various projects to protect 
              the forest.  we all have monthly meetings 
              with the district ranger at the forest headquarters in arcadia, ca
              




 











         


				 at 
                the turn of the 20th century, rail power was the dominant means 
                of transportation.  professor thaddeus lowe, who moved to  
                pasadena in the 1880's decided to make use of the rail lines to 
                build a special railway, a hotel, and a tavern in the mountains.  
                the history of mt. lowe can be read in some of the articles 
                contained in these pages.  


     against many odds 
                the vision of  mr. lowe, a former ballonist  in the 
                civil war,  (appointed by president abraham lincoln), came 
                to reality, and the world witnessed on july 4 of 1893, the 
                opening of the echo mountain hotel at the top of the great 
                incline.   about 2 years later there would be another 
                building, the alpine tavern, built higher up at the foot of mt. 
                lowe along a trolley route.  people ventured from all 
                corners of the earth to see for themselves, and take a ride on 
                the "railway to the clouds".  this one act created a 
                phenomenon that put pasadena on the map and became world famous.





     
    it is our endeavor to preserve what is left of this famous 
				attraction.  countless hours have been spent working on the 
				mountain at several locations in and around mount lowe and echo 
				mountain.  for over 25 years we have completed a great many projects, and 
                we wish to share some of those accomplishments in this website.

     as we do our 
                work, such as clearing brush, for example, we learn more about 
                the railway and its operation by finding artifacts, structures 
                and foundations that are long since forgotten. when foundations, 
                or other items, are exposed they are measured and documented 
                allowing us to discover their place in the railway’s history. 



    
        recent work in this area has 
        included the power plants and casino on echo mountain.  over time 
        we hope to document all of the buildings on the railway  in 1996, 
        our largest endeavor was to re-build the ramada (pavilion) at 
        inspiration point.  you may see pictures of many of our projects as 
        they unfolded by following the "projects" links below.

         


      in 1993 and 1995 the group organized the 
centennial celebrations at both echo mountain and alpine tavern, respectively.  
and every december, with forest approval, we organize a public  outing up 
to the alpine tavern site at mount lowe to honor the anniversary of its opening.






  


brian marcroft and jim t. spencer formed the committee in 1992. 
                 
                (see


photos)





we appreciate the help and inspiration of all our members. 
each volunteer brings a different background and knowledge base which gives us 
depth and ability that  helps us in some way on the mountain.  
we wish to acknowledge the contributions of photos 
      and memorabilia images:

brian 
            marcroft  *  ron jasinski  *  robert wilde * bob 
            morgan  
            john harrigan * silky griffith  * paul ayers  * neal sallee  
            
            ralph melching * lee zebold * johanna turner

 





			 


want to make a comment, or have a question 
      ?   
      or do you want to be a volunteer ? 
      


contact brian 
        marcroft 
 at (562) 868-8919


or
         




email
 brian 





 







click to see other 
web pages  
 
			(links pages) 
our projects and more information





			 




				 
 



contact 
              webmaster
									lee zebold
                                  click picture
 


 
 
hits to this site 






view my stats




copyright


ã 
        2002 to 2017  by 
        the scenic mt. lowe railway historical committee / 
        ron jasinski 
          all rights reserved.    revised:
        december 09, 2018 
        
          



 



 




                 
 



 












