







everything you need to know about surfing




















































surfers
surfing
surfing waves
surfing fashion
blog










						the beauty of surfing						

						surfing, a sport that makes you think of the sun, the holidays and the beach						






surf to escape  the stressful life 







an activity  full of thrills 







surfing is looking  good ! 








						surfing will help you to push your limits !						

 no need to be very experienced to have fun on a board ! unlike other activities like jet skiing, surfing does not require a specific license.
learning to surf will allow you to develop many skills. you will learn to control your body and make one with the ocean. it’s an excellent sport to discover yourself differently, to overcome your fears and to push your limits ! visit blue-lagoon.fr for more activities.





surf is the answer to your worries






surfing if you’re thinking about learning to surf, thinking of attending a surf retreat, or if you’re already a fan of the waves you shouldn’t underestimate the benefits of the water on your body and mind. practicing surfing will help you feel better.




famous surfers surfing is the number one activity for many celebrities worlwide. they're setting an example for many fans both in terms of lifestyle and fashion. visit spott.tv to learn more about surfing stars like justin bieber, lady gaga etc.





surfing and enjoying seawater is an excellent natural care, for the emotions as for the skin. it contributes in improving the appearance of the epidermis. spending a few afternoons in the seawater will help you eliminate cellulite and boost blood circulation.






						waxing your surfboard						

 for a new surfboard or one that has been cleared of any wax, it is best to start with a harder coat of base wax. in its recipe this substance will have a higher percentage of paraffin, which is a harder wax. it is also appropriate to use a harder “tropical” or warm water wax. after this layer is applied to the surfboard deck, a second layer of softer wax should be applied.



						swell surfers						

 driven by the power of the swell surfers are worn by gliding sensations that ordinary people can not imagine. in search of the perfect wave, this communion with the elements can be learned quickly with a suitable method.
learning to surf must be done for pleasure, for having a good time and to approach the ocean. with good teaching methods and swell conditions adapted equipment, you will rise your level and maximize your chances of progress.





 






summer sport activitysurfing is the ideal summer sport to help you to enjoy the benefits of the sun. no need to self-tan if you dare to embark on the adventure! spend the day between the sand and the ocean will give you a good looking tan. be careful though to protect yourself.

surfboard design surfboard design is the art of hand shaping a surfboard from a foam blank or piece of wood and making it into a vehicle for riding waves.  the finished surfboard design is radically different from the crude materials it started as before a shaper begins to form the board.



discover the ocean surfing, a surface water sport, is a perfect sport to enjoy the outdoors and rediscover nature. you will learn to observe and tame the ocean. you must be attentive enough to enter into communion with the environment: a real moment of well-being.








powered by www.websitedesign.fr
















 