

two way radio discount sales of relm, maxon, midland, cobra, motorola and most brands.






























two way radio discount sales specialists.our policy is to discount for volume sales!shop montana  --  no sales tax

attention firestik customers - if we don't have it in stock your order will be shipped from the factory in phoenix usually on the same day you order and still without sales tax!refurbished radios are at the button at the top!
we do not publish a hard copy catalog so don't ask. click here for the reasons why.

new and available now! complete line of solar products!
solar products that are portable, and totally integrated. portable solar power that works. prices that work for your budget by calling us for discounts from the prices in our online catalog. for discounts up to 20% off this retail pricing just call us at 800 889 2839

read our navigation instructions here!

  













get the latest information on new radio gear here.
email:
name:






shipping policies click here do your shopping before you buy. if you don't know what you need call first! don't buy something you are not familiar with or don't understand. call first toll free: 800 889 2839 so we can help you get the right items. paul stramer kc7mez (general class ham) 800 889 2839replacement batteries click here!the page you are on is marked by the colored ball.




							homestart page
						







							bluetoothfor 2-way radios
						







							site map & search page
						








							two wayfm mobiles
						







							emergency survival radio
						







							linear amplifiers
						









							two wayfm handheld
						







							solar power
						







							internet homebased businesses
						









							marine radios
						







							repeaters
						







							ham gear
						









							ac - dcpower supply
						







							dc - acpower inverters
						







							batteries & chargers
						








order form / price list / shipping policies 










leave a message by email

800 889 2839hours: 8:00 am - 8:00 pm
we do not accept credit cards from outside the usa and canada





qrz callsign lookup:



	callsign lookups provided by qrz.com




	
800 889 2839   406 889 3183   po box 116    eureka mt 59917





					
maxon   relm   cobra  cherokee  firestik   uniden  bearcat  icom  motorola  valor  pyramid  max-rad mfj  standard  kenwood  ranger  sangean astron  solarcon  zetron  ida  magellen  garmin  lowrance  delorme  eagle  vdodayton  galaxy  connex  midland  trutalk  legacy  paradynamics  rf limited  astatic  dosy  general  wilson  valor  vanco  whistler  






we live and work in the beautiful mountains of northwest montana near glacier national park.we sell and service most major brands of two way radios, scanners, shortwave radios, antenna systems, power supplies, dtmf microphones, linear amps for business radio, cb, marine radios, lots more.
we are also distributing cutting edge proprietary technology related to the nutrition industry.
we make our living on the internet!
check out our home business opportunites here.
for recorded information about our breakthrough stem cell enhancer dial toll free: 800 889 2839
hours are 8 am to 8 pm mountain time monday-friday till noon on saturday.
we will be glad to answer your communications questions at 800 889 2839. 
call for information and direction for your radio system. we can recommend antenna systems, and combinations of radio gear to get the job done for you and usually save you money in the process, so if you have any doubts about what to buy, just call us first.

this website is just one of over 20 domains we own and manage selling many products in various fields such as communications equipment, tested gas saving inventions , breakthrough health products, internet marketing education, website construction, custom graphics, precious metals, and internet advertising.

we can teach you how to make money on the internet! just call for more information.
check out the banners on this website to get a glimpse of what we are doing.
paul stramer kc7mez


p.s. a word about licensing. some of the radios on this site require an fcc licnese. it it up to you, the purchaser to
make sure you are operating within the fcc regulations and have the proper license. we heartily recommend you get the proper license for the band you intend to operate on. we use business radio licensing to get our licenses. call jerry walker
at 800 783 9006 extension 28 and speak to a licensing professional about your radio needs. you have been notified.
 

whether you call them "two way radios" or "2-way radios," you've discovered the internet's favorite place to get them! browse and discover business radios, amateur ("ham") radios and shortwave radios, quality mobile radios and frs radios, even police scanners for you police radio hobbyists. come to us for the cb radios and accessories you want, including handheld cb radios, cb antennas and power inverters, mics, and more. whether you've come for marine radios, for weather receivers or you need a new radar detector, we've got you covered with brands such as maxon and motorola radios, cobra and uniden transceivers, products from relm and max rad, plus firestik and bearcat, icom and valor, and of course smartcomm and kenwood. if you don't find what you're looking for, please call us at 406-889-3183 or 800-889-2839 and we'll do our best to find it for you!

much of our success selling two-way radios and accessories online is because we deliver full value on our products. that means our signature superb customer service, along with quality and price. it generates repeat business and referrals. for example, we know that impressing you with this full value on your purchase of one of our ham radios or shortwave radios means you'll probably return for a radar detector or one of our police scanners. when your friends hear about us, many of them will likely visit us for 2-way radios or a police radio of their own. so, rest assured that whether we serve you with frs radios or cb antennas, we aim to impress you. it's a great way to do business, because everyone wins! we are not like radio shack, because we have worked in the radio field for 30 years, and paul stramer is a licensed general class amateur  and also a business band license holder.  kc7mez is the ham callsign. we can give you great advice on what to buy and how to configure your station. we can also save you lots of money by showing you which radios and antennas work well together. remember there is no sales tax when you buy from us in montana, no matter where you live. we sell pretty much world wide, and we also have precious metal, mostly silver eagle dollars for sale.

  






fill in the form to the right for a chance to win a free computer awarded once each month, and futher information by email about silver snowball.







call our toll free line
					











1-800 889 2839406 889 3183




call for information on product availability.
					






 please provide the following information:(all fields are required): name:email:address:city:state:postal code:country:phone:bonus: by entering the sweepstakes you will also get a free subscription to our money making newsletter. you may unsubscribe at any time. don't just enter the contest, this program also enables you to earn great commissions each month!

read our navigation instructions here!
the products are below the navigation table on each page. note the colored ballon each table which indicates the page you are on - then scroll down the page to see the products!



start with our 'navigation bar' at the top of the screen which remains constant throughout the website. 
the navigation table to the right of our logo on each page changes from page to page to give you access to related items in building your radio system.
see the large table below that includes all the links to all our pages.
if you are looking for a business band commercial radio system or components use the 'land mobile' button in the navigation bar at the top.

   the page you are on is marked by the colored ball.     blue links are pages we have on other webwsites!




							home pagestart here
						







							used equipment
						







							site map & search page
						







							comtelco antennas
						







							max rad antennas
						







							firestik antennas
						








							two wayfm mobiles
						







							antennas
						







							two wayfm base
						







							firestik antenna
						







							marine radios
						







							cb prices
						









							weatherreceivers
						







							ac-dc power supply
						







							dc - acpower inverters
						







							firestik hardware
						







							marine radios
						







							business mobiles
						









							ham gear
						







							scanners
						







							radar detectors
						







							murs radios
						







							antenna prices
						







							pulsepower chargers
						









							short wave
						







							test bench
						







							two wayfm handheld
						







							relm radios
						







							sangean shortwave
						







							bearcat scanners
						









							frs radios
						







							cb radios
						







							batteries & chargers
						







							digital scanners
						







							firestik technical library
						







							solar power
						









							murs radios
						







							gmrs radios
						







							repeaters
						







							silverfreedom
						







							paul stramer's blog
						






							order radio gear here
						








							amateur radios
						







						cb antennas
						







							trunktracking scanners
						







							stem cell breakthrough
						







							get a free blog site
						







							promote your website
						









							survival communications
						







							computers & software
						







							consignments
						







							blastomatic
						







							vitamins and minerals
						







							free silver dollars
						









							specials
						







							cb antennas #2
						







							gps receivers
						







							track your ads free
						







							email millions spam free
						







							montana business directory
						










							frs radios
						







silver snowball








							silver eaglesfree in your mail
						







							free webconferencesystem
						







							own movies for one dollar
						







							free leads
						









	 order form / price list / shipping policies 








							computer giveaway
						







							spam wars
						







							vacation for free
						





blue links are pages we have on other webwsites!



paul stramer kc7mez

p.s. please email or call me if you have any questions. 800 889 2839
leave a message by email






links of interest







 images and text and logic are copyright protected.
 all rights reserved and may be reproduced by written consent only 
©1997-2010 by slc distributing (pds) all rights remain in force.
removing this notice forfeits all rights to recourse. copyright strictly enforced ©


earn silver
ann von reitz
fm 2 way radios
buy silver
jury rights info
my ham station

lincoln county watch
montana blog
paul stramer
fuel preservative
low cost movies
buy silver











