






zoosiana | broussard, la


















































































homevisithours & admissionbuy tickets now
membershipsbecome a member
field tripsbook my field trip
location & directionspark rulesaccessibility

exploreanimalsgem minegift shopsafari express trainsnacks & refreshmentsstorybook carouselpetting zooplay areas
eventsbirthday partiesfacility rentalseggstravaganzooboo at the zooworld giraffe day
learnfield tripsbook my field trip
starlight safari
employmentsupporttestimonialscontactshop
 




 (337) 837-4325zoosiana











new at the zoo!
pygmy hippos have arrived at zoosiana
 buy tickets


make special memories all year long!
 become a member today!


safari time!
 ride the train!


explore up close
 see our animals


ride the storybook carousel!
 learn more


discover at the gem mine
 treasures for all ages


field trips to the zoo
book your group today!
 explore field trips






buy tickets
take a walk on the wild side!



schedule a field trip
fun and wildly educational!



become a member
visit zoosiana throughout the year!



book a birthday party
happy birthday to you at the zoo!








see wildlife from all around the world, right here in acadiana
discover and explore at zoosiana

welcome to zoosiana - where we connect our guests with animals and fun!  since 1992, we have provided children and families from in and around the acadiana area with a fun and enjoyable experience to learn about our planet's wildlife - all while being a center of excellence in providing top notch care to the animals that call zoosiana home. visit us today to see and learn about all of the wonderful animals living at zoosiana.










employment
join the flock! see our available opportunities.
 learn more









what do we have at the zoo?

learn, play, see, ride, and explore at zoosiana!  when you visit us, you'll discover






beautiful grounds
century-old live oak treesand more



over 1,000 animals
from 125+ species



fun attractions
train, playground, and more








learn about your favorite animals and make some fun memories, too!  visit us today, we can't wait to see you.









book your next big event with us

zoosiana is the perfect venue for your next special event!  we have packages for family-style birthday parties, company-sized facility rentals, education-based field trips, and more.  the zoosiana experience is fun for all ages.



 






 








 





	copyright © 2025 zoosiana, all rights reserved.
	5601 hwy 90 e,  broussard, la 70518  

                (337) 837-4325
            






 

 menu











 




homevisithours & admissionbuy tickets now
membershipsbecome a member
field tripsbook my field trip
location & directionspark rulesaccessibility

exploreanimalsgem minegift shopsafari express trainsnacks & refreshmentsstorybook carouselpetting zooplay areas
eventsbirthday partiesfacility rentalseggstravaganzooboo at the zooworld giraffe day
learnfield tripsbook my field trip
starlight safari
employmentsupporttestimonialscontactshop
 















