















































college of education | the university of iowa






























    skip to main content
  







the university of iowa






university of iowa





            college of education
          


top links


apply








search

submit search







search









site main navigation

areas of studycounseling and mental healthclinical mental health counselingcounseling and behavioral health services (cbhs)counseling psychologycounselor education and supervisionrehabilitation counselingschool counselingschool psychologyeducation and teachingart educationelementary educationenglish educationliteracy, culture, and language educationmathematics educationmultilingual educationmusic educationscience educationsocial studies educationspecial educationstem educationteaching, leadership, and cultural competencyhigher education and leadershipeducational leadershipeducational policy and leadership studieshigher education and student affairslearning sciences and assessmenteducational measurement and statisticslearning sciences and educational psychologysociety and human relationseducation studies and human relationshuman relations (minor)continuing educationprogram finderresearchresearch centers and initiativesgrantsgrants and research services centerfaculty grant fundingstudent grant fundingstudent experiencebe a teacheracademic advisingbaker teacher leader centereducation technology centergraduate student resourcesui reachui wildcost and aidscholarshipsaboutadministrationdepartment of counselor educationdepartment of educational policy and leadership studiesdepartment of psychological and quantitative foundationsdepartment of teaching and learningfaculty handbookteacher education programoffice of student serviceshistorynews and mediastrategic planupcoming events

























 











        college of education
      




                    explore programs
                    


                    be a teacher
                    


                    online programs
                    













the college of education produces scholars and leaders in teaching, counseling, psychology, higher education, assessment, and more. our programs are led by world-class experts in a diverse range of fields and disciplines.









find a program

search our offerings by program, degree option, and delivery-mode.





search








areas of study:counseling and mental health | education and teaching | higher education and leadership | learning sciences and assessment | society and human relations | ui reach program
view all areas of study  









 







  

      #
  


        1
      



  

      college of education in iowa (u.s. news & world report)
  


  

      top-ranked college of education in iowa
  




 







        93
      

  

      %
  




  

      job/graduate school placement rate
  




 







  

      #
  


        46
      



  

      best public university in the country (u.s. news & world report)
  











        explore our research
      

learn more about our research centers, grants, and initiatives by visiting:
research  





 


katharine broton discusses her research on food insecurity. 





 


jonathan templin speaks about adaptive assessment.









news













 









        alumnus jon sexton inspires others as a leadership champion
      



alumnus jon sexton returned to the university of iowa as the keynote speaker for the 2024 college of education fall commencement, where he shared his experiences and insights from college and his career. 















 









        research of six ui college of education students selected for 'dare to discover' campaign
      



every year, the office of the vice president for research’s dare to discover banner campaign highlights researchers and scholars from across the university. 















 









        ui alumna karen allen named ui wild director
      



university of iowa alumna karen allen joins the college of education as the new director of ui wild, wildlife instruction and leadership development, bringing more than two decades of experience as an administrator and educator in k-12 settings.
















  view more news
  










 








        ui reach 
      

ui reach (realizing educational and career hopes) is a comprehensive transition program for students ages 18-25 years old with intellectual, cognitive, and learning disabilities.
ui reach 









events















        overcoming imposter syndrome: supporting yourself and others in k-12 education
      





                  monday, february 17, 2025 5:00pm to 6:00pm
                

virtual


please register here. btlc credit: is, sebmh

presenter: barry schreier, scanlan center for school mental health

description: as k-12 educators, we set the bar high for ourselves, often striving for perfection in our teaching, leadership, and support roles. while these high standards can drive excellence, they can also lead to feelings of self-doubt and the belief that we’re not good enough, not deserving enough, or not doing enough — hallmarks of imposter syndrome. the performance-driven...








        steam learning on a budget: from paper prototyping to simple steam kits
      





                  tuesday, february 18, 2025 2:00pm to 3:30pm
                




please register here. btlc credit: is, steam

presenter(s): kay ramey, assistant professor, learning sciences and educational psychology, and darrell currington, makerspace facilitator 

description: in this workshop, students will learn how to design and facilitate hands-on steam activities with everyday materials and the sorts of low-cost steam kits commonly available in k-12 schools. they will also gain hands-on experience participating in and designing steam activities using these kits and...













        great educators are active listeners: how to help your students feel heard
      





                  tuesday, february 18, 2025 5:00pm to 6:00pm
                

virtual


please register here. btlc credit: is, sebmh

description: are you an active listener? active listening is a skill that we can all invest more time in developing, especially as educators. being a better listener means more meaningful relationships with our students (and even colleagues, friends, and family!). one of the ways to be an active listener is to learn about and practice microskills. in this workshop, we will (1) discuss what microskills are, (2) learn about 3 microskills, and (3)...







  view more events
  









follow us on social!
facebook   instagram  twitter   youtube   linkedin























the university of iowa






university of iowa




college of education



iowa city, iowa 52242
 319-335-5359
ask-education@uiowa.edu
website feedback


social media


 facebook


 instagram


 linkedin


 twitter


 youtube





admin login



footer primary


current student resources


faculty and staff resources


alumni and friends


strategic communications and marketing




footer secondary


icon


maui


myui


professional licensure disclosures




footer tertiary


campus map


directory


donate







© 2025 the university of iowa

privacy notice


ui nondiscrimination statement


accessibility














