ï»¿columbus hotel near osu | the blackwell innskip to content     toggle navigation    the blackwellaccommodationsspecial events & packagesosu recreational facilitygalleryemployment2025 osu commencementosu football hotel roomsinternal university reservationsmeetings & weddingsmeetingsweddingsevent spacescateringdininglocal areaosucontact usbook now×reservationsneed assistance? 866.247.4003check in ) check out  rooms  adults  children  book now     welcome tothe blackwell inn where your comfort is our commandthe blackwell inn sits at the heart of the ohio state university campus at the center of the best columbus has to offer, but when it comes to ensuring your comfort, there is no middle ground. our luxurious guestrooms and suites are top of the line and feature beckoning pillow-top beds, ergonomic workspaces, and superb in-room dining. discover all the amenities that come with staying at the finest full-service hotel. we can't wait to make your comfort our command.srt  relaxour accommodationsescape the ordinary in sophisticated comfort in columbus, ohio. each of our 151 guestrooms and suites features craftsman-inspired furnishings, plush pillowtop beds, and in-room amenities designed for both productivity and relaxation, guaranteeing a seamless stay.learn more  enjoydiningsavor diverse culinary experiences at the blackwell. unwind at simon's lounge with a handcrafted beverage in a casual setting, indulge in a refined dining experience at 2110, our signature restaurant, or enjoy a coffee and treats at rohr cafe, our on-site starbucks.learn moreyour perfect place formeetings & weddingsexecute a seamless meeting, conference, wedding, or social event with style and sophistication.learn moreone of the great columbus hotels rating: 5 out of 5 starsfantastic staff and great facilities! we will be back next winter for the ohsaa state wrestling championships! great location for attending events at the ohio state university, with food and local shops within walking distance of the blackwell.reviewed by  freemanm901  on  march 29, 2024  via  tripadvisorblackwell inn rating: 5 out of 5 starsthe staff at the front desk and cleaning crew were very professional and friendly. they provided service with a smile and positive attitude. the hotel room was clean/comfortable. i traveled for work but stayed with my husband and son, the staff offered to have a play pen for us and was willing to set it up for us. thank you all for a great experience!reviewed by  619cali619  on  march 25, 2024  via  tripadvisori love the blackwell inn! rating: 5 out of 5 starsthis hotel is a gem! clean, quiet, comfortable rooms. friendly staff. they even took all of my luggage up to my room. they treat their guests like royalty! i plan to stay at the blackwell next time i'm in columbus!reviewed by  kathyw112023  on  december 12, 2023  via  tripadvisorlocal areacolumbus beckons. explore renowned museums and captivating wildlife at the columbus zoo and aquarium or delve into history at charming german village. the blackwell places it all in easy reach so you can make the most of your time in our dynamic city.learn moresetting the scenegalleryexplore the cultivated character of our guestrooms, eateries, event spaces, and outdoor backdrops.learn morekeep in touch with the blackwell  submit   link to logo, a black and white logo   link to logo, a black and white logo    the blackwell inn and conference center  2110 tuttle park place columbus, ohio 43210 united states    phone:  (614) 247-4000    toll free:  (866) 247-4003    fax:  (614) 247-4040  adacontact & locationsitemapprivacy policy copyright © 2024  | hotel website design by vizergybook nowcall us  scroll to top  