

gps receiver information, software, and hardware reviews of garmin, lowrance, magellan and other gps receivers


 

 "world's most popular gps information resource"


looking for gps at a discount?




 

 
 

reviews

faqs

geography

tutorial

instructions

info

pda

other

 

links: general | hardware | software |3rd party software|accessories | vendors use ctrl-f to search this page.          (gdgw)

  

 ask questions about gps on our gpsinformation.net forum -> click here 

what's new?  || new users: read quick start info! || gps news groups (here) & (here)||
feature items   new--  garmin oregon 650 - garmin fenix - garmin nuvi 3590lmt - 
            garmin montana - magellan roadmate 9055 - garmin etrex 20/30
which gps should i buy?  click here
my first gps for hiking:  what features does it need? (updated frequently)
my first gps for automobile navigation -what features does it need? bordeaux wine country cruise and tour with two garmin gps map 76cx (jul 15)cenrut.org -new gps routable street and topo maps of central america (aug 12)
car navigator day and night readability: night and day photos (2meg file)china trip and yangtze river cruise with a garmin gpsmap 76cx  (nov 13)
columbia river cruise with a garmin gpsmap 76cx and vista c (jul 09)
droid gps equipped pda phone - google maps - by larry leviton (jan 10)
eastern continental divide in georgia and related to the battle of atlanta (mar 07)
eastern continental divide in north carolina and the blue ridge parkway (jul 10)
feature matrix of garmin, lowrance, and magellan units we have reviewed
g-raster -free, converts 24k drg maps to kmz files for custom maps (may 11)
geocaching and geographing: new hobbies for gps owners (links)
g7towin -edit your gps data -display on mapsource, sa, and ce devices
garmin 24k topo maps -with terrain shading by penrod (sep 08)
garmin astro dog tracker works very well.  by allory (mar 08) 
garmin basecamp -new interface technology for selected hand-helds (dec 09)
garmin colorado hand-held has new features, dual maps,penrod (feb 08)
garmin dakota outdoor hand-held, smaller touchscreen,  penrod (aug 09)
garmin etrex 30 (also 10,20) new etrex handheld review, penrod (dec 11)
garmin fenix - new wrist gps offers great features, penrod (oct 12)
garmin forerunner 205 personal trainer system by sam penrod (sep 06)
garmin forerunner 305 personal trainer system by jess grogan (oct 06) 
garmin gps18 gps rcvr, for laptops, has cityselect maps: by penrod 
garmin gpsmap 60c(s)(x) -car navigator, hiking, gps does all (may 06)
garmin gpsmap 62s/78sc - hiking/marine replace the 60 and 76 series  (sep 10)
garmin gpsmap 76c(s)(x) -with the new sirf-iii and microsd card (jul 06) 
garmin gps-376c chartplotter/car navigator with weather rpt-by harmon
garmin gtm-10 data radio *rds* gives real time traffic info to gps by joe
garmin ga25mcx -the latest entry in low-cost gps antennas -by allory
garmin mapsource map viewer -review all of garmin's available maps (link)
garmin montana multipurpose car/hiking/camera gps by sam penrod (jan 12)
garmin mobile pc, review -get nuvi-like navigation on pocket-sized pcs 
garmin nuvi 360 car navigator/bluetooth/talking book/mp3 by sam (aug 06)
garmin nuvi 500 "crossover" gps -also used for hiking -by rich owings (oct 08)
garmin nuvi 660/680 car navigator-bluetooth-fm/msn, 4.3" diagonal (jan 08)
garmin nuvi 760/780 as compared to the nuvi 660/680 -features added (mar 08)
garmin nuvi 7x5t family with enhanced traffic & driving displays (feb 09)
garmin nuvi 1690 perhaps the best car navigator to date by penrod (dec 09)
garmin nuvi 3790 lifetime maps, traffic info, car/pedestrian gps by penrod (feb 11)
garmin nuvi 3590 lifetime maps, traffic, voice command, by sam penrod (sep 12)
garmin oregon 650 updated touchscreen navigator & camera by sam penrod (sep 13)
garmin oregon 550 camera touch navigator by sam penrod (dec 09)
garmin oregon handheld touchscreen navigator by sam penrod (sep 08)
garmin poi loader -load custom pois/proximity waypoints by penrod (jan 06)
garmin sp-i3 -simplified, miniature car navigator & voice-by tony mactutis
garmin spot messanger 2 -handheld satellite data transmitter by sam penrod (aug 10)
garmin streetpilot c320/30/40, simplified touchscreen navigator (mar 06)
garmin streetpilot c550 -fm radio traffic, hands-free phone, automotive gps (aug 11)
garmin streetpilot c580 -msn direct/bluetooth/car navigator-penrod (jun 07)
garmin streetpilot 2820, xmradio/traffic&bluetooth, nice unit by penrod oct (06)
garmin streetpilot 7200/7500-large screen, xm radio traffic &weather maps
garmin third party map program paying off for 15 new countries so far (link)
garmin vista/legend color -compares the new vista hcx to the vista c (oct 07)
garmin vista hcx-new more sensitive rx, full featured, nice-penrod (oct 07)
garmin zumo 550 -designed for the motor bike, bluetooth audio (jun 07)
global mapper -creates garmin custom maps from 24k drg maps quickly (apr 12)
gps users give their comments on their favorite new gps receiver (various)
lowrance expedition c(+) -compass, barometer, mp3, many features (jun 06)
lowrance iway 350c -touchscreen, preloaded maps, with mp3 music (jun 06)
maptech u.s. boating charts on dvd -very affordable (may 06)
magellan directroute, automatic routing maps -product review (mar 07)
magellan explorist 210/500/600/xl -with geocaching program (mar 07)
magellan explorist 500le - with mapsend topo maps by leviton (feb 07)
magellan meridian color gps traveler value pack -by seajay bayne
magellan roadmate 760-auto car navigatorwith "saywhere" by mactutis (jan 06)
magellan roadmate 800 -mp3 player and picture viewer (feb 06) -by dale
magellan roadmate 2000 -touchscreen,  works well - by grogan (dec 06)
magellan roadmate 2200t-touchscreen/traffic data-  by rahn (jan 07)
magellan roadmate 3050-touchscreen, traffic info, by sam penrod (jan 07)magellan roadmate 9055 -large 7-inch diagonal, touchscreen with traffic (may 11) 
magellan topo 3d usa map -a hiker's must-have program (mar 07)
mexico maps -garmin 2008 and bicimapas 2008 maps are much improved (jul 08)
national grid (usng) -new simplified mapping reference system for the us (nov 10)
navimatics -detailed marine charts comparable to garmin bluecharts (jul 08)
navman gps icn750 -capable car navigator by bruce rahn (mar 07)
navman n60i-car navigator, camera, works very well. by rahn (mar 07)
north pole journey with sarah gilboe and her 'ancient' garmin legend (feb 09)peachtree rd. in atlanta -1812 const. from indian trail, gps maps and history (jul 11)perú gps maps by perut.org -read instructions here and article in spanish here (dec 12) 
pig-tones -alternate voices for the garmin and tom tom portable car units (mar 10)
spot 2 personal messenger & locator reports position via satellite -penrod (aug 10)
terraincognita -creates high-resolution aerial-photo garmin custom maps (jul 11)
tomtom go touchscreen car navigator good performance -by d. depriest 
usaphotomaps -download aerial photo/topo images at selected waypoints 

hardware and software reviews
older gps product reviews for discontinued, obsolete, obsolescent gpsrs
an early gps review -the first published on these pages (jan 1997)
baja expeditioner gps maps of baja calififornia vs. worldmap (nov 05)
colorado and washington 24k topographic maps for garmin gps -review (08)
cruise on the sea of cortés and rail excursion to mexico's copper canyon (02)
delorme streetatlas 2003 and the usb earthmate gps by c. carvey (nov 03
garmin bluecharts with comparisons to other nautical charts (jan 02)
garmin forerunner 201 personal trainer system by sam penrod (oct 04)
garmin geko 101 -a 'minimalist' small entry-level gps receiver  (apr 03)
garmin geko 201 -an 'advanced' small entry-level gps receiver (apr 08)
garmin gpsmap76/76s(compass/baro) full featured receiver (apr 04)
garmin gps-v offers automatic routing in a small handheld (sep 01)
garmin gps-276c chartplotter/car navigator does both well by wilson (04)
garmin ique m5-pocket pc based gps plus pda system -by dale (jul 05) 
garmin ique 3600-palm os5 based gps plus pda system -by dale (oct 03) 
garmin legend/vista, feature rich, big map memory (jul 02)
garmin mapsource maps & gps units in alaska and canada cruise (oct 00)
garmin metroguide usa-4.0 as compared to citynavigator/cityselect (jan 02)
garmin modernize your gps interface -add bluetooth or usb (feb 05)
garmin nroute allows gps navigation on laptop - by sam penrod (oct 05)
garmin nuvi 350 pocket size car navigator/talking book/mp3 (dec 05)
garmin quest -novel mini car navigator with rechargeable battery (oct 04)
garmin rino combo gps and radio broadcasts your location (nov 02)
garmin streetpilot iii colormap: has automatic routing and voice (mar 01)
garmin streetpilot 2610/20/50, touchscreen automatic routing+voice (oct 04)
garmin streetpilot 2720, touchscreen autorouting, traffic radio (sep 05)
garmin topo u.s. 2008 -compared to other topo maps (jul 07)
garmin usa topo 24k redwoods nat. parks topo maps -by murray (aug 06)
garmin usa topo cds, a short review and examples (4 nov 04)
garmin worldmap v.4 compared v. 3 and magellan's worldwide map (feb 07)
gps car navigators: how good are the maps? what are limitations? (jan 04)
gps rcvr accuracy under tree cover for garmin and magellan units (link)gps reviews and scores by users in testfreaks (link)gps review centre -resources for several brands, voices, news, etc. (link)
handheld computer+gps combination power/data cable powers both-dale)
handheld computers and pdas convert into gps receivers -dale
holux gm100 mapping gps receiver, available in spain  (apr 01)
infiniti qx4 navigation system manufactured by xanav by phil sherrod
ipaq gps using navman sleeve and maptech topo maps by dale (sep 02)
lexus and bmw (year 2000) auto navigation system comments by bob aluska
lowrance ifinder gps has 9999 trackpoints capability (may 02)
lowrance iway 500c -a large-screen, automotive gps, mp3 music (oct 05) 
magellan meridian gold-gps mapping full featured at good price (dec 02)
magellan meridian now offers user-selectable basemaps and 512meg mem
magellan platinum mapping receiver-compass and altimeter review (dec 02)
magellan roadmate 300 car navigator review by larry leviton (aug 05)
magellan roadmate 360 car navigator, preloaded maps, by penrod (dec 05)
magellan roadmate 500 and 700 -touchscreen automatic routers (jan 04)
magellan sportrak color -bright screen and 3-axis compass (oct 03)
magellan sportrak pro -a remarkably accurate small receiver (jan 03)
magellan state plane coordinates -displays all of us, instructions (may 03)
magellan topo usa map -can display topo, profile, and street data (aug  01)
mapconnection's etopo offers canadian topo maps-by lloyd bowles (jun 02)
maptech iraq sd card -very detailed street-level maps for palm devices
maptech terrain navigator 3-d maps versus delorme topo usa 3.0 (01)
maptech offshore navigator examples and comparison to ozi explorer (01)
maps uploadable to gps:where can i get third party maps for my gps?
maps: how can i scan my own maps and upload them into my gps? (dec 01)
mexico maps -a summary of the available gps and drg topo maps of mexico
mobile re-radiating antenna aids gps reception by dale depriest (8 mar 03)
mountainscope uses flight data and 3d topo maps to show hazards to flight
navman gps sleeve ipaq- review including mapping software by dale (02)
navman gps icn630 -portable gps navigation for vehicle use  (oct 03)
navman sport tool r300 training aid by allory deiss (aug 05)
navman ipaq gps-smart professional sw with navman gps by dale (02)
motorcycle mount for garmin 2610 and 2650 car navigator by michael moore
pioneer nav-sys900dvd-large screen/good nav features-by mohabir (02)
rayming bluetooth gps receiver reviewed by crile carvey (apr 04)
route 66:european gps mapping program has  automatic route generation
streetfinder deluxe (rand mcnally) 2000 -software review by dale
titan iii remote amplified antenna works with most any gps (jul 04)
tomtom navigator 2 - by dale depriest (sep 03)
tree cover and gps-do i need an amplified external antenna? (link)
vdo dayton ms5000: automatic address car navigation has good display 
world maps -we compared magellan and garmin, you decide (may 03)
  







garmin etrex 20/30 -new small hand-held with joystick_______________________________



garmin oregon  650 camera handheld navigator





garmin nuvi 3590 lmt   with 5-inch screen







navman n60i-car navigator, 4.3" diag. touchscreen with camera







magellan roadmate 2000 car navigator with touch screen







dale's gps manualaddendum____________________________________




nuvi 760/780 adds tracklog____________________________________




magellan 9055 -large 7-inch screen, traffic_______________________________



faqs  hardwareyes!... sa has been off since 12:04am edt may 2, 2000.  read about it here.
battery-drain measurements for several gps receivers (aug 06)
batteries -should i use alkaline, lithium, nicad, or nimh batteries in my gps? (nov 00)
batteries: nimh are probably the lowest cost long term solution for gps use. (link)
comparisons of hand-held screen sizes, pixels, and resolution -by matthew birch (oct 03)
eow fix for older model garmin gps receivers -quick fix to get your g45/g40/g38 working again
garmin active powered antennas - a look at the different models (jan 98)
garmin data cables: what are the pinouts? (jul 01)
garmin's diagnostic features - mess with these and you may lose your data -by dale (jan 99)
garmin faqs including a link to the garmin faq site

garmin firmware revisions, features, and update/upgrade costs and policy (allory deiss)
garmin gps receiver feature comparisons with comments by dale depriest updated frequently
garmin icons for g-iii+ in graphic form and icon number (link)
garmin's official gps receiver manuals - download yours from here (link)
garmin gps receiver manual:  dale's version tells you more in simple language.
garmin sp-iii and g-v: how do i use manually generated routes: courtesy gps-garmin.nl
garmin signal strength bars -what do they tell me? (12 jul 99)
garmin simulator mode -how to initialize the starting point in the garmin g-iii and iii+? (jan 99)
garmin's worldwide warranty policy -explained (20 jan 99)
garmin waas  -steps a receiver performs to acquire the geo-stationary satellites (jul 02)
garmin waypoints -why don't they increment by filling in the holes in a sequence? (jul 98)
garmin waypoint averaging -what is it and how does it work? (23 may 98)
gps antenna and sensitivity comparisons how not to make the wrong conclusions. (jul 98)
gps locks quickly when my car is stopped and takes much longer when i am moving -why? (aug 99)
gps maps:  the maps in my gps are not accurate.  why is that?  (nov 05)
gps signal strength bars -what do they mean when they are "hollow" or all black? (jul 99)
gps won't lock, signals look ok -what's wrong? (jul 98)
mac computers and gps receivers -how can i get them to communicate? (dec 01)
magellan faq, version 2.0 (pdf) by dan surratt (oct 03)
magellan firmware revisions, features, and updates (allory deiss)
magellan firmware revisions, features, and updates (link)
magellan gps manuals:  where can i find them? older units. aussie distributor
magellan undocumented control codes and data explanations (jun 02)
memory backup battery problems in some garmin gps receivers (jul 98)
map memory -how much and how many segments do i need to load a whole cd worth? (links)
maptech iraq sd card -very detailed street-level maps for palm devices
memory -how much do i need in my new gps receiver (jul 02)
mgrs -which handheld gps receivers have mgrs? (aug 04)
multipath: my gps position (or speed) "jump around" and are not stable at times.  why?
multiple waypoint messaging -explained (apr 99)
nearest 9 waypoints on garmin gps units -details (may 98)
precision mapping streets mapping software
print garmin metroguide generated routes:  how do i do it?  (jun 02)
rain,  clouds, fog, and snow:  do they affect my gps signals? (dec 01)
road lock -which gps receivers have this feature? (jul 02)
routes and tracks:  what is the difference? (mar 00)
trip log -why is my gps travel log distance never exactly correct?  (jan 04) 
usa purchased gps receivers overseas -can i buy in usa and use my gps overseas? (jun 02)
waas and its relation to enabled hand-held gps receivers (mar 12)
waas operation:  your questions answered (jan 02)
waas tutorial by dale depriest (jan 02)
warm start/cold start? what does this mean?
waterproofness of garmin receivers -garmin engineering (may 97)
waterproofness of lowrance receivers -lowrance engineering (jul 98)
what happens when diagnostics page wipes out all garmin stored data (may 98)
which gps receivers can  compute area/acreage when i walk a closed loop?(updated 2008)
windows xp -how do i get win xp to recognize my gps? (may 02)
why would i want a gps receiver and what could i do with it?

geography -maps, datums, waypoint lists, formulas
accuracy> how to improve gps accuracy by post processing -by jim harris (feb 2010)
above the timber -high-resolution 24k colorado topographic maps for garmin gpsrs
address or lon/lat -put in and get map showing location using mapquest, google maps or gps visualizer
airports over the world: where can i find the lon/latfor the world's airports? (link)
backcountry mapping -garmin-compatible maps of utah
bitmaps and vector maps:  what is the difference? dale depriest tells us all
bungee -connects your gps receiver to any version of google earthcanadian survey markers (similar to the ngs data sheets) (link)coast guard lights list for the usa: where can i find lists of lights, buoys, etc. (link)colorado 24k topographic maps for garmin gps -by roger edrinn 
contour 3d -records depth-finder data, makes contour maps of the bottom (link)
convert datums, file formats, tracks to routes, using geoconv software (link)
convert loran to gps lon/lat coordinates using this program (link)
convert raster maps to vector maps:  is there any software to do that? (search)
convert between state plane,  utm, and lat/long courtesy of us army (link)
convert between state plane, utm, and lat/long plus other coordinate systems (link)
coordinate conversion online tool by oasisphoto.com (link) and another tool by gps2cad.com
datums: a brief description (14 jun 99)
datums: how much error in my position if i fail to use the correct datum with my lat/long reading? (link)
datums: my topo (or other map) program does not accurately position my location  on the map.  (link)
datums: new zealand geodetic 2000 (linz) datum -information about nz's new datum (link)
degrees, minutes and seconds> where did the terms originate? by sam wormley (nov 02)
dgps datum is nad-83 and not wgs-84 as used internally by the gps - will this dgps signal be accurate?
drg maps -digital raster graphic maps -what are they anyway? (link)
don bartlett's gps and utm tutorial site
earth:  according to wgs-84 [courtesy of sigurd humerfelt] (link)
eye4software -coordinate transformation calculator software (link)
garmin mapsource (metroguide and usa topo) -data source (oct 00)
garmin streetpilot metroguide database descriptions (link)
garmin city database details (1 jun 98)
getrax - google earth track plotting from gps data
gettythesaurus of city names - put in a city name, get back a longitude/latitude
geodetic survey markers(worldwide listings) -how can i find one near where i am? (feb 01)
giscover is the point where travelers, outdoor lovers and gps enthusiasts meet. (link)
gpsy's internet digital map listings: an extensive list of digital maps available on the internet (link)
gps basecamp -find yourself outdoors,  download gps files for state and national parks (link)
grid conversions, distance formulas, coordinate transformations, and map translation software (links)
macgps pro provides a current digital map library for most pc gps and mac programs (link)
mapref website -datum conversions, projections, map references for europe
map vendors usa -who makes gps maps for the usa and are they accurate? by dale depriest (feb 03)
mapping agencies around the world - (link)
maps 'n trails -free maps for garmin gps units, large collection from most continents
maps -from around the world -(links)
maps: supposedly the largest selection of maps in the world (link) (click on map)
mercator projections -norris weimer tells us about the projections and the man (link)
mexico maps -detailed mexico and baja street-level mapsource and topo drg gps maps (links)
navigation before gps -how did we do it? (link)
navitraveler -download aerial photos and street maps, find places, add places, many pois (link)
nima2gps - convert information from nima´s geonet names server into waypoint files (link)ngs survey markers data sheets (link)
ngs survey marker accuracy -texts by dave doyle and ed mckay (ngs)
nmea datums as regard to use with ozi explorer and garmin receivers (feb 02)
osgb -what is it? how do i set up my gps? convert to lat/long? where to buy uk maps? (link)
okmap -many mapping features, scanned map, gps information and history, download georeferenced maps from google maps 
petrastudio-maps for gps: raster to vector conversion, autocad drafting, custom vector maps 
place, -enter and get waypoint -sam wormley's waypoint site (link)
prime meridian -history of its past and present at greenwich (nov 99)
sunrise/sunset/moonrise/moonset -give your location and find out for your area (link)
tatukgis editor for editing and translating data between gpx, shp, mif, dxf, kml, gml,.. formats.
tatukgis datum and projection conversion calculator (free download) -instructions (may 02)
topofusion -download maps, tiger, nasa, aerial photo, and satellite automatically from public servers
topo and 3-d maps to download to your gps or laptop computer (links)
topo maps, drg, aerial photos, and other gis info for usa free, courtesy doyle's gis (link)
toposhare.org -free adventure maps for the best outdoor activities
state plane coordinate systems (all) and their use with magellan receivers
state plane coordinate systems (some) and their use with garmin receivers
scottish mountaineering club -provides information about available free garmin uploadable contour maps
user grids and datums in hand-held receivers -a small collection (feb 99)
usgs drg alaska maps on cd for sale by gps trails
usgs drg topographical maps -where to get them -other sources (link)
utm/ups: a brief description (jun 07)
utm:  which utm zone am i in? (map)
utm and datum information web sites (links)
utm and mgrs: what are the differences?  how do i convert from one to the other?
view your home (probably) from the russian spin-4 satellite or from a usgs aerial view
vito technology -maps from around the world for your windows mobile pocket pc / gps navigation 
waypoints:  a very extensive worldwide listing of waypoint lists (links)

tutorial: how does gps work
colorado hiking -gps your personal navigation system (link)
dale depriest "how does gps work?" from his garmin reference manual
almanac and ephemeris data -what is it? (jul 98)
dgps (differential gps) -what is it and how does it make a gps receiver more accurate? (link)
dgps explained- including waas by dale depriest
dop demonstration site by norris weimer - how sv geometry affects gps accuracy
dop -dilution of precision and hdop and vdop - what are they? (jul 98)
epe -estimated probable error -what is it? (may 98)
fom -figure of merit -what is it? (may 98)
global positioning system overviews, by peter h. dana (link)
gps - a new constellation - smithsonian institution's "low tech" "how does gps work" website
gps operation and tutorial book recommended by bill straka (nov 98)
gps bearing to next waypoint versus direction of travel - explanation ( oct 98)
gps's clock function and more rollover trivia (may 98)
gps "compass" reads wrong" -why is that? (oct 98)
gps future:  what improvements are coming our way in the next 3, 5, 10 years? answers here (.doc file)
gps navigation satellite message format and protocol details, maintained by ed weston (link)
gps precision timekeeping:  where can i get information and low cost equipment? (link)
gps receiver -how does it get a lock? -tom clark tells us (jul 98)
gps receivers -where can i find block diagrams,  schematics?  how about  descriptions to study?gps revolution for automobiles -navigation history prior to the gps and how gps works (link)
gps signal specification document -u. s. coast guard (link)
gps signal tutorial -gps spread spectrum and how carrier phase measurements are made (dec 98)
j. m. zogg publications -gps manuals and tutorials, mostly in german, from 1996 to the present (link) 
laas:  what is it and how does it work? (sep 00)
learn nuts and bolts of gps from a power point presentation by cass lewart (jun 02)
post processing -can i post process my nmea data to achieve higher accuracy? (aug 98)
relativity: how the motion of earth and the gps satellites affect accuracy? (deeper theory)
russian glonass -official russian defense ministry site (link)
satellites- nasa java program lets you see a 3d view of 500+and click on each for identification
satellites -where are they? can i see them? where do i look? (link)
spread spectrum transmission -frequency hopping, direct sequence, and cdma -what are they? (link)
trimble's excellent "how gps works" (link):
waas:  what is it and how does it work? (sep 00)

gps information
airliners and gps - is it safe for me to use my gps on a passenger airliner?
antenna pattern of your gps antenna -measure and plot yours using this program. (link)
antennas for gps receivers- patch and helix typical specification sheets (oct 02)
antenna for gps receivers- a turnstile antenna you can build, from arrl (nov 02)
averaging waypoints -how long do i have to average to improve accuracy of my gps fix?
battery operational durations for lithium, alkaline, and nimh aa cells in the sportrak color (link)
batteries: technical information on lithium, alkaline,  mn and other battery types (link)
airlines which approve or disapprove gps use during flights (undated frequently)
buoy database:  you can find links to various marine buoy databases via this link
coastline profile extractor for use with oziexplorer and gpsutility (link)
compare gps sat nav systems -extensive information on free gps software; maps, and hardware (link)
consumer vs military gps receivers in a jamming environment  (dec 04)
dale depriest's index of gps information -a must see section of our website
datum parameter conversion: 7 parameter to 3 parameter conversion by eino uikkanen (feb 03)
dgps services -worldwide listing of available services, additional input solicited (nov 02)
error measures: 1 sigma, 2 sigma, 3 sigma, 50%cep, 2drms, 95% confidence? what does this mean?
european global navigation satellite system, go-ahead announce (jun 98)
faa's modernization plans -waas, gps and other safety and efficiency technology plans (link)
french speaking gps news group:  where can i find one? (link)
garmin cityselect and citynavigator- where can i buy a usa version new or replacement?
garmin data field definitions: gps data display definitions for garmin gps (25 mar 00)
garmin etrex: user manual,  load additional icons,  interface with oziexplorer and more (25 aug 00)
garmin's european map coverage detail information (may 00)
garmin'smap error reporting form- send garmin info on any errors you find in their maps
garmin mapsource, features summary of r&r, usa topo, and worldmap cds -link (sep 99)
garmin's official upload/download protocol in *.pdf [adobe] format (link)
garmin's upload/download protocol:  definitions and explanations (link)
garmin's out-of-warranty repair policy -explained (sep 98)
garmin faqs (frequently asked questions) (jan 99)
garmin r&r file index:  enables you to select which files to load onto your hard drive -by gary mcmeekin
garmin sp memory chip: samsung nand flash chip.  where can i find data sheets?(link)
garmin tracklogs - which is best for you? (sep 00)
glossary of gps and gis terms and other gps tutorial information (link)
gps altitude -how accurate? (feb 01)
gps cartoons -do you have any to contribute?! (mar 06)
gps -flying on commercial airlines -can i make my gps work from a passenger seat? (nov 98)
gps navigation message> binary files let you test your decode algorithm by craig bailey (feb 03)
gps operation in foreign countries -will i be arrested? (oct 98)
gps receiver accuracy -how accurate should i expect them to be? -a study by david wilson (link)
gps receiver accuracy -scatter plots by dlr (german) show error plots (horiz/vert) (link)
gps receivers: what does it take to make a typical model like the g-76s? eetimes tells us (link)
gps sales projections:  yearly sales history and projections (may 05)
gps satellite rf power output? how many watts is it? (feb 99)
gps satellite orbits - how often are the satellites in exactly the same position? (feb 99)
gps speed: how fast can i go? how accurate is the speed readout? (oct 99)
gps time -is it locked to utc? how do they do that? (apr 99)
gps voltage input: what is the input voltage range for common gps receivers? 
hiking using your gps: cass lewart tells how to do it (sep 99)
how far north will my gps operate? -bill straka gives us his experiences (26 mar 99)
jack's 'museum'  collection of 18 (working) hand-held gps receivers from 1994 to 2005  (1.4mb)
jack and joe - why do they write all this stuff anyway? (may 07)
kalman filters -make your own by andy la varre (pdf) -bring your matrix algebra book (19 aug 98)
kalman filters-sam wormley's references and a simple explanation (sep 98)
longitude 1 minute,  latitude 1 minute:  how many meters is that? sigurd humerfelt  tells us. (link)
magellan (official) data transmission protocol v2.11 in word format or pdf format (mar 03)
map reading and land navigation manual, us army fm 3-25.26 (link)
microsoft autoroute (and other ms mapping programs) won't connect to my gps.  what do i do?
nmea faq and sentence definitions -links to multiple sources (oct 98)
nmea checksums, sentence logger and other programming subroutines for gps (link)
rs232c voltage-levels standard (aug 98)
rubber banding routes: what does this mean?  why would i want it? what gps has it? (jan 00)
selective availability -view tracks when it was turned off on april 20, 1997 (jun 02)
streetpilot map updates -what is garmin's policy and price? (jul 98)
surveying and gis information news group -go there (link)
time synchronization -set your pc's time-of-day clock using gps and other standards (aug 98)
topo maps worldwide -why are they so hard to find? (jan 99)
waypoint averaging: how much does this feature of a gps improve accuracy of a waypoint? (link)
why don't you just answer the question??

gps instructions
arcscripts: how do i download my garmin data into arcview?  here is a solution
aviation gps:  an airline pilot gives instruction on how to use a gps for airplane navigation (link)
backcountry guide for gps users -how to hike with your gps -book review (nov 98)
boating with gps: john bell tells us how to use a gps for small boat navigation (link)
create and upload custom maps to uniden mystic and possibly other magellan units -by todd mesewicz
firmware update failed, and my gps does not work.  what do i do now? (sep 02)
garmin "foot" won't mount on my curved dash.  jonathan weber tell how. (jun 02)
garmin gps-12xl low memory battery warning -a possible solution (oct 02)
garmin mapsource maps:  how do i install and operate the program on my computer? (link)
garmin user's manual - "working with garmin gps receivers", by dale depriest
gps use by commercial airline pilot:  a transport pilot tells us his experiences (jun 00)
gps antennas:  want to build your own? (link)
g7to/garmin pvt protocol activate, view, record; includes vert.-vel. readout (aug 98)
macintosh:  how to use your garmin gps with a mac.  by ben sinclair (jan 07)
macintosh upload/download to garmin gps receivers -how to do it by rick klain (jan 05)
magellan330m function flow chart makes it easier to use your m330m, (ms.word doc) (aug 01)
ozi explorer -edit, move, delete, bogus trackpoints and tracklines, calculate areas (aug 04)
pseudorange data processing:  you can do it with a garmin consumer model gpsr (jan 02)
street atlas -useful tips on enhancing laptop and printing visibility (apr 99)
sa watch (data logger) -setup and operating instructions (jun 01)
test your gpsto computer serial connection using windows 98 hyper terminal (jul 00)
trackview -by brent hildebrand converts mapsource maps into a moving-map display (apr 01)
usb to serial connection for your gps -how to make the connection by steven hitch (link)

gps hardware and pda mapping software
general index to pdas that support gps.
cetus gps software for palm computers: present position, tracklogging, gis (link)
delorme street atlas vector and 3-d gps maps (link)
destinator 3 personal navigation system -by crile carvey
garmin ique 3600-palm os5 based gps plus pda system -review (oct 03) by dale
i-gotu -share your adventures and mapped photos over the internet with family & friends
navio -access to all the information from your gps receiver on your pocket pc
nobeltec (marine navigation software (link)
palm os palm os navigation topics -information, links, and reviews by dale depriest
pocketpc and wince hardware and software -links, information, and reviews by dale depriest
psion software -links to multiple sites, moving map, garmin protocol, nmea (apr 99)
recreational grade gps receivers and digital topo software for pdas -by fryar
vista (scanned, vector, and flight sectional charts (link)

links to third-party gps intermediate software
3-d plots by height -both 2-d profiles and complete rotateable 3-d plots for viewing at different angles
3-d plots of gps tracks -a few pointers (may 04)
aprs -automatic packet reporting system -reports your position automatically via radio
aviation data base management software for garmin units
aviation data base for magellan 315/320 puts faa data in consumer gps -by brian wade
cetus gps software for palm computers: present position, tracklogging, gis (no maps) cmt -specializing in surveying, forestry, gis, resource management and utilities applications
cuesoft gps .net control microsoft *.net interface for gps receivers to net software 
dsh electronics (software program that controls any map with gps; incl. speech)
easygps (free) is an easy way to create, edit, and transfer waypoints and routes
expertgps displays your waypoints, routes, and tracks on terraserver usgs topo maps and aerial photos
eye4software -gps tool kit for nmea serial protocol products (link)
fugawi (scanned, drg, and bsb charts)
g7to programs (dos/win95/nt) -up/downloads for garmin and lowrance data  to street atlas 4 thru 9
garmin gps extension - provides ability to transfer data between arcview gis and a garmin gps
gartrip -upload/download to garmin receivers, convert gps data formats, prints waypoints, routes, tracks
geovative solutions -create and share gps tours w/images/audio/text & downloads to gps devices
gmap4 -google maps + topographic, free.   display gpx, kml, kmz, tpo, and google mymap files
gpss -gps software from sunninghill, maps for 110 countries, speaks in 11 languages
gps altitude chart -create elevation profiles from tracklogs, save them as pdf/png.
gpsmonitor -records and displays nmea data.  also shows your location on a google map
gpsed.com -mapping your impressions, pin photos to a map at a place where they were taken
gps trackmaker -edits tracklogs, and waypoints for magellan, garmin, lowrance, & mlr receivers
gps utilities -edit garmin mapsource maps (part 1) (part 2) by newham (jul 03)
gps utility -up/download to garmin,magellan,& lowrance, datum conversion, data management, and mapping
gps visualizer -plots profiles and scalable vector graphics (svg) plots from gps tracklogs and waypoints
gps watch by interchain solutions -turn your cell phone into a professional gps receiver
gpsy (macintosh)
karen's gps software listings (mac/pc/newton/etc)
macgps pro software from l.w. james associates
mac upload and download software for garmin gps receivers -gps connect
maptoastertopo -complete new zealand topographic and air photo mapping solution for gps
novlum urban horizon -see 3-d maps and navigation on windows mobile pocket pc and smartphone
mygps -freeware, manage waypoints, track profiles, and routes on scanned maps
nema simulator, gps simulator and dead reckoning software for gps developers> by sailsoft.nl
ozi explorer (scanned, bsb, and drg maps) now supports area calculations and trackpoint editing
panterra software: waypoint management software for garmin/magellan gps has 1.6 million waypoints
quakemap overlays gps tacks, waypoints, digital camera photos, on terraserver aerial and topo maps
pcwize gpx generator -use for geocaches or to share files with others
tracks 4 africa -tracks and waypoints for direct download in widely accepted fileformats.
usaphotomaps -download aerial/topo images at selected waypoints -instructions
windmilldata collection software logs data from gps and other sensors to computer
wissenbach map3d (free) rrecord your hiking and mountain bike trips on drg maps

links to gps information sitesaviation gps information available here
aviation gps information available here too
build your own gps with doug baker's open source project
garmin gps -tricks, tips, work arounds, hints, secrets and ideas
geography resources from the mining company
geocaching: use your gps in a worldwide "stash" locating game
gps action replay -use with windsurfing and other sports
gps atheletes -a website for athletes that train and race with gps devices
gps navigation watch -navigation news, information, product reviews and analysis
gps speedsurfing!  -a new water sport for windsurfers
gps-tour -free gps worldwide tour file-sharing platform (hiking, horseback riding, skiing (etc.)
gpstracklog.com -gps reviews, news,  tips. and tricks.  gps mapping, make your own maps
italiano:  informazioni e tutorial in italiano sui gps garmin da massimo d'eramo
laptopgpsworld.com -gps navigation on laptops, tablet pcs, and umpcs, (discussion group) 
learn how a gps system operates -by carsdirect
peter bennett's gps index, vancouver
sam wormley's comprehensive gps info site
spanish: pagina gps espanola:  gps information in spanish available here

links to gps hardware manufacturers
car navigation systems - vendors of  automobile navigation and tracking systems 
casiowrist gps: 12 channel unit with up to 3 hour battery life
crs -center for remote sensing, providing advanced research and development
garmin international -receivers
gps equipment manufacturers - a very extensive listing
lowrance, eagle -receivers
magellan, thales -receivers
tinytracker: inexpensive kit allows ham radio types to convert gps to vehicle tracker
u-blox:gps receiver chipsets, modules, boards, and antennas

links to accessories
arkon resources -mobile-mounting specialists, alternate mountings for garmin, tomtom, magellan, and others
automatic and autonomous control of flight for model aircraft,  parafoils: who makes equipment?
batteries -who sells them at good prices
blue hills innovations (connectors and cables for garmin gps units)
earthmate to nmea data converter module -makes earthmate work with non-delorme map programs
gilsson technologies -active antennas, cables, gps cases, data cards, and gps auto mountsgps ez mount -get your gps off the windshieldgps screen protectors - invisible shield's thin sheets can protect gps screens from scratches
jose ramos -garmin gps cables, antennas, aprs and pda cables, ram mounts and other 
pfranc.com - garmin connectors for "make your own" garmin cables
national products corp (dba ram) -mounting systems for gps receivers
sewelldirect.com, usb-to-serial adapters plus other accessiries for your computer
wolfe's (ron) gps accessories -antennas, cables, mounting brackets and such.

links to gps software products
airplane flight planning: computer mapping program assists in planning all facets of a ga flight plan
aviation flight planning software for various gps receivers
gps for the blind: sendero's talking map system can provide help in usa and canada 
gps track loggers: portable  data loggers can log your position every second
gpswarn -enter your name and address into your garmin gps instead of the warning page
nmeagent -micratek's freeware averages position, computes dop and more
satellites:  how do i compute exactly where they are from almanac data?  use alm2tle (zip file)
sa watch with dgps via the internet (gps data logging software)

links to vendors (dealers)
usa and canadian dealers 

other (non gps) features
are we in the outback yet?  by joe mehaffey
aplus.net -a webhosting company we advise you avoid
chihuly in the garden -the atlanta botanical garden
edko ssl ssw msw gate operator electrical repairs and parts-  by joe mehaffey
energy independance:  has the usa lost the will to achieve it? by joe mehaffey
heat pumps> "intelligent" defrost cycle permits operation down to 20f and below - by joe m
how not to design a roundabout!  the only badly designed one i know of.  by joe m
humor:  sometimes you gps enthusiasts get too uptight and need a break
ipad 2 on extended trips overseas.  how we use it to plan and execute our trips.  by joe mehaffey
jack's adobe photoshop elements, quick learn -with professional hintsjack's atlanta skyline photos compared to the digital camera technology of 2003 (aug 12)
jack's digital camera resolution test procedures (mar 11)
jack's digital printer resolution test procedure and evaluation of several printers (sep 03)
jack's georgia aquarium photos -the largest aquarium in the world (jan 06)jack's georgia hidden history and interesting events (oct 11) jack's motor generator set - provides 33 amps (maximum continuous) at 120 volts
jack's quick recovery from a hard-drive failure using acronis true image 11 ( aug 08)
joe's computer and ham radio equipment for sale
joe's home building and repair articles
joe's 12 kw dadi diesel electric generator (product review with pictures)
joe's 24 kw perkins electropak/mecc-alte ec0-28-l2 diesel generator with pictures
local area networks (lan) -instructions and hardware considerations (feb 01)
lookout portable (talking) security systems -one of our website's sponsors
hi solutions -color graphics building automation equipment> one of our website's sponsors 
miscellaneous (non gps) facts,  opinions,  and information (updated frequently)
non-gps products we like and dislike and why
spam: how to get rid of it without resorting to an "anti-spam" email address
thern 4ws winch wiring diagrams
wstiac -enabling warfighters to better defend our nation (link)
i've been thistled! > avoid this if you can.

internet and networking items
atlanta radio club equipment and photos from atop the bankamerica tower
build a multiple tuner personal video recorder (tivo clone) for hdtv use.
cisco ap342, ap352 access points for use with home hotspots and wisps (jan 04)
dual wan, multi wan routers> are there some reliable units out there? (jan 06)
dynamic dns, mailservers and websites,  how to set up the ddns server
internet availability in usa and european hotels (oct 08)
voice over internet protocol>voip> how does it work from overseas to the usa?
wireless lan brand/model operational comments by joe and jack (jan 04)website comments? new material suggestions? for suggestions and corrections, please e-mail jack or joe below:


 
jack yeazel
joe mehaffey 
sampenrod
 allory deiss
   
*all material on this website is copyrighted by joe mehaffey, jack yeazel, sam penrod, allory deiss, or the respective authors. 
copyright 1997- 2013.  all rights reserved.

n4teb
w2jo
robots can help by sending spam to <spam@mehaffey.us>this website is hosted by ix web hosting  


this aprs webring net ring owned by joe mehaffey and jack yeazel's gps information website. [ skip next | list sites | 


