






index





     







       
      

       
      

       
      


















       
      

















       
      






















       
      














       
      



        
      


















 
      














         
      

         
      



          








 
 
      





       
      

       
      
 
      














       
      

question . . .  






       
      

    














       
      



what if humans have been transformed
      into technology by dna manipulation?

everything
      in the universe has evolved from the same components . . . in different
      ratios. stars, suns, asteroids, comets, black matter, planets, living
      organisms, people . . . are comprised of the same protons, electrons,
      neutrons, waves, atoms, molecules, etc. this may explain how a vast number
      of individuals were created without souls. they are the 'hybrids' (clones,
      walk-ins, robots) of advanced ets who have interfered with humanity's
      evolution. it may also explain  why some robots eventually go
      sentient.

                                                                                
      













       
      


instead of
              panicking  and allowing ourselves to be hypnotized by the
              'global elite' psychopaths who want to destroy us and control the
              world, isn't it time we take back our power and get rid of all the
              scum?

              cleaning 'house' starts with a thorough purging of corrupt
              government; when this is accomplished, we must eliminate every
              evil 'sicko' holding office in every facility of our society.
this includes health, military, corporate, academia, etc. it's time to
              take action and save our lives, our loved ones, our dreams, and
              all that we cherish. 

              we can no
              longer be complacent and allow ourselves to be terrorized,
              manipulated, and brainwashed. the global
              elite are our enemy. they despise humanity and all that is
              positive and good.
















       
      


until humans unite and free themselves
      from the control of globalists, the world will continue to deteriorate.
we must eliminate the psychopaths from
      society - from the planet - from the galaxy - from the universe. 
if you are a human with a soul, examine
      your heart for the answer on how this will be accomplished. what are you
      waiting for?

hint . . . 'ai' = artificial life

 
      





       
      












junkyard robots &
      5g towers














       
      

to
      every liberal/fascist/communist low-life -

i'm sick of your smug, ugly faces
      'spitting out' your hateful rhetoric and contempt for this great country
      and its heritage. you  are mentally compromised. i'm tired of your
      disrespect for our president, our laws, and our american citizens. most of
      you don't deserve to be here. you soil our land because you are trash. i
      suggest you get your ugly a-holes out of here and take your sh - - with
      you. go back to where you belong . . . now!  























when was the last
      time you read a story that captured your 
      heart and was a real 'page
      turner'?  author reimer introduces 
 you to amber - a woman unable
      to  move on and 'let go' of a man 
 she still loves. he fears she will
      leave him again if he allows the
       fire of their lost love ignite. as you
      learn about their situation, you 
 find yourself
      hoping they can persevere and realize a 'happy ending'. 
 if you are an
      incurable romantic and believe in true love, you don't 
 want  to miss this
      sensitive story about people like yourself or someone 
 you may know who met
      and fell in love at the wrong time. will fate
       intervene and allow them a 'second
      chance'?   available
      at amazon













       
      
       
      



















available @ amazon.com









 
       
      
















       
       
      





       
      










       
       
      








it's
      hard to determine your greatest attribute -
      your ignorance . . . or your hubris.








       
       
      













"we the people . . .  "
 
 





















       
      





   
 

alarming the public with a
              false
              pandemic would be an easy
              way for the (shadow) government
              to keep everyone in a voluntary 
              hostage situation. if so,
              what  is the
              reason?

the possibilities are
              numerous. the
              motive/s . . .  very suspect. 
hopefully, this will all
              have a happy
              ending.  
keep alert.



















       
      

 
      update - 3/20/20several
      days after uploading the above message, (based on my personal
      opinion)  i was guided to view jon rappoport's blog - nomorefakenews.com. 
      his succinct observations concerning the present 'hyped-up' scare about
      the corona virus epidemic were strikingly objective,
      revealing, and very cathartic. it reassured me that we must not panic and
      abandon our 'critical thinking'.  jon
      is the author of three explosive collections: ('the matrix revealed',
      'exit from the matrix', and 'power outside the matrix') in addition to
      many other publications. he is mentioned on this website in reference to
      the truth about vaccinations. 
please take the
      time to visit his website and read his powerful comments on how the public
      is being deceived and manipulated into believing this horrible false
      narrative that is focused on destroying the world economy and the will of
      all its inhabitants. his information, based on facts and
      research, will resonate with your survival instincts and common sense to
      see through this entire hoax.

















update - 4/5/20
learn the truth of how the 'cult'
      government deceived the world with deceptive information about the covid-19 virus to scare humanity into 'lockdown'. know about
      the connection to 5g 'roll out' and toxic vaccinations.a
      thorough explanation on:
 ~ the false test
 ~ exosomes - genetic material
 ~ the
          5g rollout worldwide
~
          control of the masses
 a must view!www.davidicke.com/article
      567141














       
      




health organizations
      exposed

the who, cdc, nih,
      and fda must be exposed for their treacherous and fraudulent
      activities. they are a threat to humanity. in 2017, i published ‘stop
      the world: i want to get off’. my endeavor was to alert the reader
      about the malicious activities of the above cabal organizations.
      obviously, it did not arouse the response i had hoped for. the public
      remained complacent; except for the heartbroken cries of unheard parents
      whose children had been damaged by contaminated vaccinations. 
      perhaps the content of this novel will be more appealing at this moment in
      time.
available
      at amazon
 .                                                               














       
      



4/8/20 update . . .
www.davidicke.com/567418
doctors' vital videos:
www.davidicke.com/567397















       
      

know your enemies
      . . .







  


bill
            gates has a long history of 
            participating in anti-human 
            projects. he has a massive 
            involvement with the covid-19
            virus scam. he advocates (funds)
            mandatory vaccinations for the 
            phony virus. it is highly suspect 
            the vaccinations will contain 
            'nano'  technology.



if gates thinks he's going to enforce mandatory vaccinations - he'd better run for
      the high ground. he and his bride, like the clintons and jeffrey epstein,
      have been involved in the worldwide pedophilia
      ring since 2002. (a known astrologer can verify this info). his father was active in planned parenthood back in the
      day. connect the dots.  he and the clintons  started their bogus 'charitable'
      organizations as a 'front' for their nefarious activities with helpless
      children they marketed for profit. i hope this pervert, with his pathetic
      'clown expression', is exposed and punished for what he is - a criminal!
 
      in addition, gates owns the patent on the covid-19 virus as was revealed
      by dr. rashid buttar.  his involvement with the cdc, who, nih, and
      many other health organizations is very suspect! review the recent videos
      on youtube that expose the covert activities of gates and cdc operator
      fauci.
.  view
      gates' natal chart:    
 








elon
            musk: ('front man' ) has obtained permission for a million
            
            ground-based antennae he calls
            'ufos on a stick' from the fcc that will interact with his satellites
            to beam
            5g to every inch of the planet. the fcc  issued a blanket license for the
            operation of a million fixed earth stations
            to  communicate with  space x (owned by the
            cult). this will cause tremendous
            damage  to humanity's immune system.  



david icke calls
      these two psychopaths - 'genocidal war criminals'.  i agree.














       
      














       
       
      

       
      

coast to coast am -
      george noory
with
       kent heckentively
      & judy mikovits - authors of
      'pandemic'  amazon

4/14/20 - the truth
      about medical corruption

      science teacher and attorney kent heckentively, is a founding editor of
      'age of autism'. judy mikovits, earned her phd in biochemistry and
      molecular biology and studied immunology, virology, and drug development
      for over 35 years. they shared the revelation that a retrovirus called
      xmrv is linked to chronic fatigue syndrome, prostate cancer, lymphoma, and
      autism. dr. mikovits presented her discovery in 2009 to leading scientists
      at the nih, who were unreceptive. she had also noted the possible
      connection between vaccinations (which sometimes have embedded
      retroviruses) and the development of autism.
since anthony fauci has
      been around the cdc for over 35 years, he and mikovits  clashed. she
      believes he has not been truthful to president trump and should be removed
      from his cdc position. in fact, she believes the who & cdc
      should be closed since they are not operating in the public's best
      interest and never have been. they are corrupt!
mikovits and
      heckentively noted that it was dr. anthony fauci who ok'd millions of
      dollars to fund wuhun , china's virology institute that was studying
      corona viruses. mikovits believes that covid-19 has an accelerated
      evolution that was developed in a laboratory  with an expanded
      host range beyond ordinary influenza. she suspects that there is a
      'cover-up' going on that the virus acts as a trigger for people
      with preexisting conditions; notably the 'aged'. (it was mentioned that the
      vast numbers of senior deaths would greatly reduce social security
      payouts, medicare, medicaid etc.); we know these programs are bankrupt
      anyhow.  
mikovits suggested that
      the virus enters the population through flu shots, (which are ineffective
      for the flu)  and that social distancing is not effective for
      the covid-19. she advised people that they can heal themselves by
      strengthening their immune system with vitamins a, d, c, zinc, and
      tummeric.














       
      


they think they'll be
      safe in their underground bunkers and cities. what they don't 
 know is that
      the goddess has a big surprise in store for them.   
      available at amazon
















guess who instigated
      the covid-19 hoax?



anthony fauci                       
      bill gates


it's a fact that
      prior to the covid-19 pandemic, bill gates, the
      renowned billionaire psychopath, spoke about the possibility of a new flu that
      could kill more than 30 million people in just six months. (actually, this
      is nothing new. thousands infected with the flu die each year despite the
      ineffectual 'flu' vaccinations offered by the cdc).  gates stated that in
      order to pro-actively fight against the next deadly pandemic, the world
      needs better tools, an early detection system and a global response system.
      the u.s. should lead in developing the responsive pandemic
      preparedness for the world. “we need to invest in other approaches
      like antiviral drugs and antibody therapies that can be stockpiled or
      rapidly manufactured to stop the spread of pandemic diseases or treat
      people who have been exposed.”  
gates and his bride endorse the
      'bio-metric' id 2020 - a global plan to chip every living being and
      manufactured item on the planet as well as animals and plants.  these
      people are 'sick' control freaks.  every normal person should be
      aware of these psychopaths and their intent. they will be tracking every
      person from birth to death.  national id cards will be administrated
      to show proof of vaccination. the psychopaths are telling the public, "
      it's dangerous not to be chipped as a person could become invisible
      and be  'swept up' in some type of trafficking." 



through the efforts of dr. rashid
      buttar, we are alerted that  house resolution 6666 -  trace act
      (covid-19 testing, researching, and contacting everyone) was introduced by
      congressman bobby rush (democrat - il) on 5/1/20.  congress wants the
      authority to trace/track every man, woman, and child and the authorization
      to enter your home and remove anyone they deem has come into 'contact'
      with covid-19. 
this bill is
      unconstitutional  and is in violation of our rights as american
      citizens. 
contact dr. buttar
      at  - askdrbuttar.com/hr6666 -  and sign the petition to
      kill this bill!  tell all your friends and family members
      a.s.a.p.  
















4/29/20






       
      

the truth will set
      you free . . .
tunein.com/podcast/
london-real presents
      


 
if you have been
      following the suggested videos referred to on this site, you know that
      icke's video was banned by youtube.  however, brian rose, who
      interviewed icke, wasn't going to let the global cabal defeat his efforts
      to  broadcast the opinions of many medical doctors and concerned citizens who
      believe the pandemic is a hoax.  he has now organized and uploaded his own 
      podcasts, and is confidant that the psychopaths will not be able to block
      his interviews. i strongly urge every viewer to support him and all the brave individuals who
      are speaking out. 
      please take the time to view all  rashid buttar videos (some are
      still on youtube). dr. buttar's message will help negate your fears and 'set you
      free' from this demonic plot that endeavors to take away our freedom and
      make us complacent docile slaves. 














       
      


it's time to stop the
      madness!
reject  'gavi'















       
      

complicity of the
      masses 

why humanity is
      suffering . . . 









       
       
      







as the 'face' morphs
      into the face of any
 audience member
       looking directly at it from a viewing pedestal it says . . .
  








super
      intelligence — a form of
      artificial intelligence (ai) smarter than humans — could create an
      'immortal dictator', billionaire entrepreneur elon musk warned. in a
      documentary by american filmmaker chris paine, musk said that the
      development of super intelligence by a company or other organization of
      people could result in a form of ai that governs the world. “the
      least scary future i can think of is one where we have at least
      democratized ai because if one company or small group of people manages to
      develop godlike digital super intelligence, they could take over the
      world,” musk said. “at least when there’s an evil dictator,
      that human is going to die. but for an ai, there would be no death. it
      would live forever. and then you’d have an immortal dictator from which
      we can never escape.”








       
       
      







        
      
 
      







       
       
      







the 'death chip'










 
       
      





       
      

       
      









a development of
      darpa
from
      siri to self-driving cars, artificial intelligence is increasingly
      encroaching into our everyday lives. and technology is threatening to
      kick-start an autonomous weaponry arms race, with machines already able to
      select and engage targets without human intervention. cyber security
      expert dr roman yampolskiy has revealed exclusively to daily star online
      how mankind stands on the brink of catastrophe by pursuing such
      technology.
 ai 
      technology presents a greater risk to humanity than nuclear war. 









 
      
















 
       
      







 












are you becoming a cyborg?








       
       
      









 
      















the lucifer agenda .
      . . 
 
      ai technology ~ crisper9 ~ transhumanism ~ dna
      manipulation
you feel like no one
      cares about you anymore. your identity is dissolving, your skills are
      devalued (robots are faster, more efficient), your human rights are
      challenged, and god doesn’t exist. so what, you may ask, is the point?
      we have allowed a 'cabal' to emerge that is bent on destroying sacred
      principals that afford us true happiness  . . . family tradition,
      human rights, community, spiritual guidance, love, and a healthy sense of
      'self'. the foundational and primal building blocks of human happiness are
      in danger of rapidly disappearing. with the destruction of the family,
      church, and the dissolution of our national pride (the reasons people have
      traditionally held for their very existence), our country and its citizens
      are in  danger of declining into extinction. our laws and borders
      have been violated resulting in the massive influx of  drugs, illegal
      migrants, and the criminally insane who are facilitated and encouraged by
      the 'liberal radicals'. our society, schools, institutions, and way of
      life have been burdened and disrupted with the mentally ill and
      homeless.
the outcome is
      predictable: imprisonment, isolation, depression, anxiety, mind control,
      drug abuse, sexual confusion, sickness, technical manipulation,
      despondency, and eventual death. the liberal/progressives
      (lucifer's cyborgs) have killed god, family, and community and they’re
      coming for you  next.   
















massachusetts
      senator and big spender, ed markey, (another wacko liberal),has
      introduced a bill that would shovel no less than a billion dollars toward
      the universal flu-vaccine project. here is a sentence from an niaid
      press release that mentions one of several research approaches:
      “niaid vaccine research center scientists have initiated phase 1/2
      studies of a universal flu vaccine strategy that includes an
      investigational dna-based vaccine (called a dna ‘prime’)…”


this is quite troubling, if you know
      what the phrase ‘dna vaccine’ means. it refers to what the experts are
      touting as the next generation of immunizations. instead of injecting a
      piece of a virus into a person, in order to stimulate the immune system,
      synthesized genes would be shot into the body. this isn’t traditional
      vaccination anymore. it’s gene therapy. in any such method, where genes
      are edited, deleted, added, no matter what the pros say, there are always
      'unintended consequences', to use their polite phrase. the ripple
      effects scramble the genetic structure in numerous unknown ways.
















the squad
what the 'radicals'
      have neglected to admit to our youth . . .









no one has
          bothered to teach millennials the lessons of socialism, such as the
          tragic story of venezuela. once one of the wealthiest countries in
          latin america, it is now ravaged by runaway inflation and massive
          government corruption and ruled with an iron fist by a socialist
          dictator. 
no one has
          bothered to teach millennials about the miracle of india, which has
          switched from a broken socialist system to an expanding,
          neo-capitalist economy that has created a middle class of 300 million,
          the largest in the free world. 
no one has
          bothered to teach millennials the first law of socialism - abolish
          private property. so, millennials, hand over your iphone and ipad. 
no one has
          bothered to teach young americans that the second law of socialism is
          that religion is an opiate of the people and will be terminated.
          instead, you will be obliged to worship 'big brother'.







       
      



motivated by the
      promise of power
      and fame, the puppets emerge
       from the dark cracks of society's subconscious to enforce the dictates
       of an evil hidden force. 
 














       
      


















victims of venezuelan socialism who
      have come to america recently attended a venezuela freedom rally in
      washington, d.c., where campus reform asked them for their message to
      americans who supported socialism. they warned americans: “don’t
      fall for alexandria ocasio-cortez, bernie sanders, or elizabeth warren
      'hype'. we followed that failed scheme and now we’re eating out of
      garbage cans.”
"bernie
      sanders is your enemy. do not ever, ever get involved with this individual
      or any of the other socialists,” one man who escaped venezuelan
      socialism warned. “people are eating from trash bags in the streets.” 
"in
      venezuela, there is no food, no medicine, education, no nothing”,
      another woman added. others warned americans not to fall for socialism’s
      false promises, and to beware of its gradual usurpation of citizens’
      freedoms.
      
climate change is a hoax
      developed as part of a secret plot by the united nations to undermine democracies
      and takeover the world, a top adviser to tony abbott, australia’s prime
      minister, has warned. maurice newman, the chief business adviser to the
      prime minister, said the science showing links between human activity and
      the warming climate was wrong, but was being used as a 'hook' by the un to
      expand its global control. “this is not about facts or logic.
      it’s about a new 'world order' under the control of the un,” he
      wrote in the australian.









 
       
      





       
      



radical
      left-wingers (democrats) are trying to make america globally irrelevant by
      redefining our heritage, rights, institutions, freedom, and lifestyle.
      they are dangerous and must not be elected into government positions.
      those presently holding office who openly trash the country must be
      'removed' with your awareness and vote.  recognize who
      these 'saboteurs' really are. they are psychopathic power-driven communists!!!  









the new radical party




neo-liberalism,
      which has destroyed europe through orchestrated immigration, has focused on destroying
      the us for decades by eliminating its middle class (in particular - the
      white population). its intent serves the interests of the
      power-driven
      elite cabal who possess the majority of the world's wealth. they own and
      manage large corporations (monopolies) controlling the economy,
      the media, and the government. they have determined what is to be
      reported and what isn't, who is defamed and who is glorified, who can defy
      our laws and who is 'nailed to the cross', etc. by controlling the
      media, they have dominated and manipulated public awareness.  they
      have aspired towards world domination by instigating tension
      and hatred within societies to divide the populace and
      demoralize national pride and love of
      country. look what has happened to europe  -  germany in
      particular. it's an old aggressive ploy - divide and conquer. 
 here in the us, the
      liberals have focused on
      the elimination of  moral and religious principles, funded and
      orchestrated student outbursts on campus 
      universities, saturated the minds of our youth with socialistic/communistic dogma,
      encouraged people to mock, disrespect,  and violate our constitution and
      history whenever possible, blatantly sabotaged
      the efforts of  president trump with false and vicious accusations,
      trashed capitalism in lieu of installing  a  marxist
      international economic order, opened our borders to millions of illegal
      immigrants
      with radically different cultures and ideological bias creating chaos,
      hardship, and
      division within our society - all the while
      instilling fear and confusion with their unscientific claims about climate
      change and the destruction of the planet. the list is endless. the 'radical
      left ' have been programmed to destroy the us and create a 'one world
      government'.  we cannot allow this to happen! they have got to go! 
the radical
      left-wing democrats and their communistic agenda must be resisted.  be
      informed and proactive. protect the lives and future of
      yourself and others. support the efforts of president
      trump. resist these ugly 'clones' infected with the virus of
      'hate, ignorance, and destruction'. 

















 
       
      





       
      


 
 
 
 
and no one questions 
 how he
      made it? maybe
      it's time to connect 
      some dots.










 
       
      





       
      

photo shop?     
      maybe . . .  

however,  there
      are several emerging biotechnologies that raise ethical questions
      regarding the definition of personhood. one of these innovations uses gene
      editing (crispr-cas9) and stem cell technologies to create
      human-pig or human-sheep chimeras [and the] ethical fear that these
      technologies may generate animals that incorporate human cells into their
      brains or sex organs - situations that require broader discussions
      regarding whether such organisms attain the status of personhood - require
      your attention.  








       
       
      



















 
      







       
       
      







    
 






 
       
      



 

~ inner dimensions ~




                                       
        






       
       
      





       
      

 
looks like we're not out of the woods
      with this one.  
 there's a lot of
      buzz on youtube about an impending  pole shift.  
 like everyone else, i had hoped
      the threat had passed 
 since it was scheduled for 2012.  maybe patrick geryl 
 wasn't
      wrong with his prediction after all.  

 






       
       
      





       
      



raytheon corporation is the
      third largest weapons manufacturer, and is a partner 
 in haarp. raethon
      also tells the weather to the american meteorological service 
      (ams) and is
      the leading corporation in  weather modification nano technology,  
 as well
      as advanced weather weapon systems.  here is raytheon's ‘ray gun’
      . . .
       crowd control, weather modification, weapons systems, weather
      forecasting . . . 
 still think they can't alter the weather? 
      
                                
      visit  -    geoengineeringwatch.org/dane
      wigington







       
       
      





       
      


 
      
      deborah tavares is a researcher-activist, who documents everything with
      incredible acuteness. she informs us on  how  the rockefellers
      and the rothschilds are 'positioning' to restructure north america.
      one of the apparent ‘tools’ for their soon-to-be-realized ‘pipe
      dream’ is the use of man-made climate 'challenges' followed by
      ai technology. the apparent buzzword they will use to implement their
      plans is 'resilience' which, according to deborah, is a false
      policy. she believes the recent 'fires' and 'mud slides' in california
      were part of the scheme towards implementing the singularity and one world
      government.. visit her website:
      

www.stopthecrime.net












       
      




mit technology
      review:  dark secrets exist at the heart of ai:
 “we don’t
      even understand how these synthetic minds are figuring us out . . . and
      making decisions that could be unpredictable and inscrutable.”



the computers that run those
      services have programmed themselves, and they have done it in ways we
      cannot understand. even the engineers who build these apps cannot fully
      explain their behavior. this raises mind-boggling questions. as the
      technology advances, we might soon cross some threshold beyond which using
      ai requires a leap of faith. sure, we humans can’t always truly explain
      our thought processes either—but we find ways to intuitively trust and
      gauge people. will that also be possible with machines that think and make
      decisions differently from the way a human would? we’ve never before
      built machines that operate in ways their creators don’t understand. how
      well can we expect to communicate and get along with intelligent machines
      that could be unpredictable and inscrutable?







       
       
      





       
       
 


 
      







after
      years' of failed doomsday prophecies from
      various sources of a fatalistic collision with the
      planet nibiru (planet x), yuval ovadia made the following announcement in
      response to the u.s. government's  2/6/19 report that stated the magnetic north pole is shifting far more quickly than
      previously thought indicating something strange is happening deep
      beneath the earth’s crust.   ovadia, whose films on ‘nibiru’
      have garnered hundreds of thousands of views, attributed this recent
      anomaly in the magnetic pole to the approach of the mega-star nibiru and its
      accompanying constellation.






       
       
      





       
      

unfortunately, neither has the  'emp'
      scare disappeared. if anything,
      it is now more of a 'reality'
      than a few years ago.  although more people 
 are aware of the severe
      implications of an emp explosion and how it can
      'wipe out' the grid (for an
      indefinite time) in any area of the country, it 
 wouldn't hurt to review
      this horrific possibility.
















       
       
      





       
      





author
              tom horn stated that, "since its inception, america has
              been under the control of the 'occult' and that the founding
              fathers actually prophesied a coming global leader that is going
              to lead the united states into a 'new world order', who horn
              asserted would be the antichrist.  he said, "the time
              cover was a prophetic sign that trump is leading that battle
              against this coming supernatural darkness." he asked,
              "did you see what time magazine did?”  he then
              commented,  “in their feature article on trump called ‘trump
              goes to war against washington, d.c.’,  they showed a giant
              picture of him leaning against the 'obelisk' and breaking it. that
              was a very subtle and telling message about who this war is
              against. this is a battle against supernaturalism. some got it and
              most didn’t, but that is exactly the point that they were 
              making.”













       
       
      





       
      

the 'gruesome twosome'

what
      a 'con' game!! these power-driven hypocrites really think they can
      fool the american public with their devious, flip-flop politics and
      tactics. they and their communistic/socialistic left-wing party have long
      endeavored to bankrupt and sabotage our nation with their devious
      politics.  america - fight back. support the president and his
      efforts to protect this country. let's build the wall and fix the grid and
      throw these phonies out of office.
       
                         
      keep america  safe & great!








       
       
      





       
      

 
shadow
      government dedicated to 'lucifer ' settles 
 two miles from the white house








 
       
      





       
      

michael
      laitman said it very well over at  the jerusalem post:
"neoliberalism, which has
      destroyed europe through immigration, and nearly destroyed the us by
      eliminating its middle class, has been the sole ruling agenda in the us
      for decades. it serves the interests of the small elite group of magnates
      who control the american economy, the media, and thereby the government,
      all the way up to the white house. they determine what is reported and
      what is not, who is defamed and who is glorified. by controlling the
      media, they have dominated public discourse, public opinion, and have
      avoided criticism. this is ingenious, but deadly to society. their best
      interest is not the best interest of the american people. they aspire for
      world domination . . .  through proxies such as obama and clinton." 











 
       
      







trump
      voters, beware! the liberals are doing their best to drive a wedge between
      you and your president. don’t let it happen. funnel their allegations of
      'flip flopping','180s', and all their malicious accusations with the same
      alert skepticism you used in assessing their bogus campaign charges of
      'racism', 'sexism', 'anti-semitism', and every other negative ‘ism’ they
      accused trump with. their 'soiled past' is wearing them down and they're
      frantically hoping to smear others for their many felonies before they are
      exposed. they have shown the world
      how ineffective, ignorant, and vindictive they are. trump is an expert when it
      comes to dealing with phonies.  he holds the last ace in the
      deck.  liberals beware! you're not fooling anyone but
      yourselves.








       
       
      







evil to the core . . .
in a new
      report from wikileaks, it’s now alleged that these three psychopaths 
      oversaw a 'coup' to remove pope benedict.
 here are details from
      gloria tv:  
george soros, barack
      obama and hillary clinton orchestrated a coup in the vatican to overthrow
      the conserva- tive pope benedict and replace him with radical 'leftist' pope
      francis, according to a group of catholic leaders citing evidence from
      various sources including wikileaks . . . 
(a strong individual is an 'informed'
      individual).








       
       
      





       
      






 
if you think you've
              entered the twilight zone, you have.  humanity is at a
              perilous juncture in history.  we have entered into an
              'orchestrated'  fake reality in which we cannot tell who is human.
              what can an individual do about decisions and policies being made
              without their consent? for starters, we must become proactive.
              draw your line in the sand, whatever the cost. now is the time to
              really scrutinize the products you buy. refuse gmo contamination
              in food, beauty products, health aides, clothing, home articles,
              medicine, etc. choose wisely and only use products made with real
              ingredients.  limit your exposure to ai technology, synthetics, and
              chemicals. do not trust labeling because you will not get
              the true story.  our survival is at stake. resist the
              deranged psychopaths in every way you can. boycott their
              products. don't become a cyborg.












       
       
      





       
      


 
 
 
while thousands opened their hearts to
      the 'man in white', they didn't know they were being 'conned'.
 
 









       
       
      





       
      


a  major
      catholic newspaper (the remnant) asked donald trump to investigate whether
      a conspiratorial 'vatican - u.s.' democratic party alliance forced the
      abdication of pope benedict and tinkered with the ensuing conclave to
      insure the election of pope francis (petrus romanus) in order to
      make (as father malichi martin had warned) . . . the catholic church an
      instrument of the prophesied final 'world order'.
(looks like
      tom horn's published novel 'petrus romanus' was right on target).


















       
      




a group of
              clergy and lay scholars from around the world have taken the very
              rare step of presenting pope francis with a formal filial
              correction, accusing him of propagating heresies concerning
              marriage, the moral life, and reception of the sacraments.














give
      us the truth, dear lord . . .
 
      









2017
         

2016
 

2015








       
       
      









 
      let me share with you
      some very alarming facts about the government (in collusion with dear ol'
      bill gates) and how they have eliminated your access to web design
      software & stifled your abilities to publish on the web.









       
       
      



















       
       
      







"to
      ensure the highest-standard of care possible for our patients, greed
      spine operates on a private-pay, concierge-fee basis. our
      patients have full access to
      dr. greed and his team for surgery, follow-up appointments, and ongoing
      treatment as necessary. if surgery is required, most hospital and surgery
      center fees are covered under medicare or private
      insurance."
      . . . . . . . (not true) . . . . .
it's a
      fact that these doctors don't  have a contract with medicare and the
      out of pocket for a  patient is astronomical. how
      much does a concierge doctor cost? fees for retainer-based care run from
      $80 a month to $25,000 a year, with most doctors charging about $100
      a month, experts say. a typical concierge physician has about 600 patients
      compared with the 2,500 or so patients of a typical primary-care
      physician. do
      concierge doctors take medicare? no. when you pay their yearly assignment
      fee, you may get some services or amenities that medicare doesn't cover.
      doctors who provide concierge care must still follow all medicare rules.
      all medicare doctors (regardless of whether or not they accept assignment)
      can charge you for items and services that medicare doesn't cover. (that's
      going to their 'up front'  out of pocket fee for your surgery). do the
      research before you attend any of their lectures or consider their
      services.








       
       
      







    








       
       
      





       
      










       
       
      





       
      










       
        
       
      



       

       


announce
      your happy occasion
      on this website  


 





















         
         



         

         


 













       
      

 
      












     
    



 
    







     
     
    





     
    


 
    





