






world classic rockers |








































facebook




instagram


▶  play fantasy camp video
▶  play video promo
 












home
about wcr
artist bios
set list
rider
promo materials
fantasy camp
wcr unplugged
contact
 


select page


  
 
 










present an all-star line-up featuring former members of...bostonjourneysteppenwolfsantanalynyrd skynyrd











what people are saying:






i am still in a 'purple haze' over tuesday night. what an unbelievable experience i will never forget it and was so impressed with the band.anheuser-busch








they were by far, hands down, no competition, the best entertainment we have ever had at any of our events.great west life








their show was an absolute thrill ride! so much so, we simply did not want it to end!petco








the band members have great rapport with the audience and make them feel like they are part of the excitement. we hold our lighters high in honor of the world classic rockers.state farm insurance








outstanding! my group voted you the best performance at any of our events.golden corral








best act by far over the past eight years. the bar is set at an olympic level. most friendly, customer oriented entertainers ever to have graced our stage.corvette funfest








wcr rocked the ball...totally the best ever. great, great show..everybody was professional and a delight to work with.us army annual birthday ball








your show was one on the best bicsi events they had ever been to. many were asking if we will do it again.bicsi








phenomanal feedback. the band had us up out of our seats singing (screaming!) to all of our 70's and 80's favorites.stars & stripes tournament








we were awed and wowed beyond our wildest expectations. we have had first class acts perform for us, but nothing to the caliber of the world classic rockers.the foreign correspondent’s club – hong kong








wcr offers the perfect mix of nostalgia and high-energy rock-n-roll music. we have used them to conclude four conventions and not one person left until the concert was done...international fire fighters assn.
























aynsley dunbar
formerly of journey






nick st. nicholas
formerly of steppenwolf








fran cosmo
formerly of boston






greg walker
formerly of santana








randall hall
formerly of lynyrd skynyrd






michael monarch
formerly of steppenwolf





 










facebook




instagram



© world classic rockers | website by nine planets
 

 
 
 








