















jamaica gleaner










































 








 










 



skip to main content





 







top menu

mobile apps
egleaner
login
subscribe now
 

 





      sun | feb 16, 2025    

 




search










 

 
 

















 







 




jamaica gleaner










menu

















 







 
 





main menuhomelead storiesnewssportsentertainmentbusinessletterscommentaryhealthlifestyle 


secondary menu

world news
in focus
auto
food
shipping
art & leisure
classifieds
elections
flair
vacations
jobs
podcast
puzzles
 

 










mobile version

subscribe to this feed

join us on facebook

follow us on twitter


 















 







 




in the news

the gleaner minute: $1.26 trillion budget | 3 new gov't senators | fraser-pryce gets key to the city
 

 
 












home 

 







 





latest news


carpenter gunned down while on the job in spanish town   
  a carpenter was gunned down while on the job in waterloo district, spanish town, st catherine last night.  he has been identified as 41-year-old devon reece, otherwise called ‘bunup’, who was a resident of the area. reports are that about 7:30 p.m...
comments

man arrested and charged in st mary over ganja and uncustomed goods    charges have been laid against a man in st mary over the seizure of a quantity of ganja, uncustomed goods, and other prohibited items.  the seizure was made during a snap raid in oracabessa on friday. the operation was carried out around 10:00 a.m...
comments
u17 reggae boyz fail el salvadoran test 
new york police find body of missing man they say was tortured for more than a month by five people 
jamaicans among migrants intercepted by us coast guard trying to get to florida from bahamas 
construction worker charged for rainford road, st andrew fatal gun attack 
measures in place to prevent entry of pests  
more





 






lead stories


churches facing empty pulpit crisis  
 at age 25, andrew walters spends his sundays managing the demanding schedule of pastoring three churches in rural westmoreland. he acknowledges that balancing his responsibilities across the salem moravian circuit of churches is “really difficult...
comments

bell tolls for traditional churches?  western bureau: ralston shakes recalls a time when st alban’s anglican church in ashton, westmoreland, was vibrant, with a full congregation and a packed calendar of events. the church hosted an annual harvest thanksgiving service, rallies, regular...
comments
ic braces for change as panton bows out 
naggo head primary and pentecostal church in land dispute 
investors could bolt  
dalrymple-philibert to pay $900,000 




more















 















 monthly na branded content edition
 










news



news


health + tech | how jamaica’s healthcare transformation compares to the caribbean  
 in recent years, the caribbean has been working towards modernising its healthcare systems through digital transformation. the goal is to improve patient care, streamline operations, and create better health outcomes for people across the region....
comments

from disgruntled prospective clergyman to missionary in africa 
	part i of this series was published in the gleaner yesterday. isaac edmestone barnes came from a long line of barneses. the original barneses came from edinburgh, scotland. they intermarried with black jamaican women, and isaaac...
comments
hello, mi neighbour! | the principles of sowing and reaping 
sean major-campbell | the new covenant  
church leaders address the dual nature of technology in religion freedom  
dwight fletcher | avoid unproductive debt 
more







sports


mbu shocker  
 fans of montego bay united (mbu) still have no answers this morning after the announcement that the club and its argentine coach of just seven months, rodolfo zapata, have parted ways. the news, which was released online, was met with vitriol from...
comments

battle for top six far from over  seventh-place racing united and ninth-place dunbeholden will look to continue their good form and close in on the top-six when they take on fourth-place portmore and sixth-place waterhouse respectively in the jamaica premier league (jpl) today....
comments
da silva’s immortal highlights dull day of draws 
joa makes plans for another level of esports 
achua impresses at fervet distance carnival 
more







business


jcaa to make flights safer  
 the jamaica civil aviation authority, jcaa, which regulates the country’s airways, plans to ease congestion in the skies by implementing new software and systems to assist air traffic controllers. the regulator intends to procure an atfm or air...
comments

oran hall | retirement without a formal pension premium jamaica has made much progress in developing formal pension arrangements for the many people who work and must one day retire, but there are serious questions about how people will survive considering how few are covered by these arrangements. the...
comments
cedric stephens | risk management crucial for government departments premium
francis wade | lacking a deepseek strategy? how uncovering insights defeats ceos premium
mazzucato and valletti | governing ai for the public interest  
more







entertainment


turning pain into storytelling power with ‘all that glitters’  
 western bureau: in a celebration of resilience, vulnerability, and the transformative power of storytelling, the fourth annual what’s your story, jamaica?, competition captivated audiences and judges alike last week saturday at the half moon...
comments

ken boothe a welcome surprise at jam in france  the brightest of video lights were fixed on legendary singer ken boothe as he slowly and laboriously made his way up the flight of five, evenly placed, steps that would take him on to the stage at jam in france at the french embassy last thursday....
comments
industry shocked at ‘kette drum’ singer determine’s passing 
naacp awards hall of fame induction for wayans family  
5 questions with ... paul campbell 
more







commentary


editorial | revisiting michael witter  
 hopefully, many people have responded positively to venisa clarke’s invitation to become mentors in the justice ministry’s programme for children who have, or are at risk of, coming into conflict with the law. however, while the gleaner appreciates...
comments

imani duncan-price | empowering jamaica’s future    my last article, ‘upskilling the workforce: a catalyst for jamaica’s productivity revolution’, argued that jamaica’s path to sustainable economic growth hinges on empowering its workforce with modern skills. while diagnosing the problem – low...
comments
garth rattray | macabre social media postings defile decency 
orville taylor | naked truth about cyber images 
remittances and deportation: rumblings of a category 5 hurricane 
more







world news


what is bronchitis? a look at pope francis’ previous illnesses  
 vatican city (ap): pope francis was hospitalised friday for the fourth time since being elected in 2013, after he was diagnosed with bronchitis just over a week ago. francis had part of one lung removed as a young man and has recurring bouts of...
comments

desantis signs sweeping immigration laws  associated press/report for america (ap): florida governor ron desantis signed a sweeping package of immigration laws on thursday aimed at carrying out president donald trump ’s mass deportation agenda.  republicans say the laws put florida – long...
comments
armed fighters raped scores of children in eastern congo, unicef says 
judge sentences walmart shoplifters to wash cars in the parking lot 
lawmakers approve $200m to offset shortfall from us health aid cuts 
bahamas gearing for first international spacex landing 
more







arts & leisure


ethical fashion initiative empowers burkina faso women   
 one of the world’s leading luxury brands, ferragamo has partnered, over the past three years, with ethical fashion initiative (efi), a programme of the international trade centre (itc) and the united nations’ business agency dedicated to...
comments

echoes of reggae: celebrating legacy, music, and purpose  sunday is more than just a rest day – it is a sacred time to pause, reflect, and recharge for the week ahead. a life without reflection lacks true purpose. as we close this week and prepare for the next, let us consider our thoughts and deeds. did...
comments
to love is to have a childlike heart 
how ai can help in the creative design process 
from pinnacle to the world 
competition or cooperation? 
more







auto


underestimated no more: the subaru crosstrek 2.0i-l  
 i have always seen subaru as a vehicle many people underestimate. it never tries to be the flashiest brand, yet it consistently delivers in key areas like safety and handling. this spec, the crosstrek 2.0i-l mid level, was a new one for me, and it...
comments

the mini aceman: a bold electric depature  the mini aceman, once a captivating concept car unveiled in 2022, has swiftly transitioned from a vision to reality, gracing production lines in 2024. this battery-electric subcompact crossover suv, though bearing the mini badge, carves its own...
comments
the 2025 bmw x3: a refined evolution 
2024 vw tiguan r-line: a refined ride with a few quirks 
the ford ranger xlt: a modern take on a classic 
unleashing the beast: the ford ranger raptor  
more







lifestyle


theophilio’s edvin thompson imagines ‘the morning after’  
 home is where the heart is for theophilio founder and creative director edvin thompson. “jamaica is always present in my work,” piped up the ebullient womens and menswear designer in a conversation with the sunday gleaner, hours after his latest –...


diotima unveils ‘matriarch’   the lofty, artistic ambitions of jamaican fashion designer rachel scott’s diotima fall-winter 2025 collection reveal, which she titled ‘matriarch’, was appropriately venued last monday in the skyscraper-dotted financial district of downtown...

paws portraits ja captures the love and legacy of pets 
fiolina lovell-burnett leads the charge to renovate st hugh’s netball court 
goodheart | maureen banton volunteering for sigma since run’s 1999 inception 
goodheart | vm foundation expands grant programme to deepen community impact 
more







in focus


mark wignall | hurricane or elections?  
 the atlantic hurricane season begins in june and goes until the end of november. throughout those months trepidation and a host of anxieties tend to consume us. the year in which an election is due is not unlike the hurricane season.  we know the...
comments

floyd green | pivoting agriculture – tackling praedial larceny  in every conversation about investment in agriculture, praedial larceny emerges as a major barrier, especially when seeking to drive investment in livestock. this was evident during our face of food engagements over the past year, where farmers...
comments
damien king | how to raise productivity 
adekeye adebajo | trump unleashed: madness of king donald 
dayton campbell | call to action to combat food insecurity  
dennis minott | us unravels: billioneering, folicy, slaveries, and diplunacy 
more


 
























 











videos








for more videos click here.









 
















 scholarship to go 2024 
   

 the gleaner supplement 
   

 the gleaner library 
 
	your main source for news and information since 1834.
 
   

















 













 weather 
   













today's front page


 











 










 










 



















 





cartoons




   

 





puzzles




  
 play online puzzles 
   

 






































 










table of contents

the gleaner archivesdigital archives: online editions 2006-now
library: research and assistance
print archives: editions 1834-present

gleaner your waymobile: get the gleaner on your mobile
newsletter: get headline news
rss feeds
gallery
games
videos

gcml websitesthe star
gleaner classifieds
go jamaica
gleaner - north america
youthlink
voice uk
flair

gcml websitesrestaurant week
discover jamaica
go jamaica hosting
first look
weather

gleaner linksour products 
advertise with us
about us
contact us
suggestion
subscription
terms and conditions
submit a letter
privacy policy
rjrgleaner merger q&a

 

 
 







      copyright © 2025 the gleaner company (media) limited. a member of the rjrgleaner communications group. all rights reserved.    

 
 
  











