






welcome to meadowbrook resort - meadowbrook resort in wisconsin dells meadowbrook resort in wisconsin dells

















































































































homerooms & cabins

our unique northwoods accommodations tall timber lodge cabins ponderosa

specials & packages

vacation packages spring specials summer specials fall specials winter specials gift certificates

groups, meetings, reunionsactivities

vacation packages waterpark packages water fun at meadowbrook fun activities at meadowbrook

about us

policies guest reviews our history map contact us

photo gallery

spring photos summer photos fall photos winter photos log cabins rooms & suites


















 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 








 









online reservations
holiday specials!featured dealssearch






 







welcome to meadowbrook resort 



tall timber lodgeas you enter the grand lobby of our tall timber lodge, a crackling fire welcomes you; a cathedral ceiling rises above suspended by log & timber  read more ...
 

ponderosaconstructed of lodgepole pine and white engelman spruce, this 10 unit log structure offers 2 suite styles featuring northwoods decor and handcrafted  read more ...
 

cabinsthe cabins at meadowbrook resort
nestled under towering pines, our log cabins offer 1 or 2 separate bedrooms and a choice of kitchen, fireplace or  read more ...
 


welcome to meadowbrook resort in wisconsin dells, wisconsin! one of the chosen superior small lodgings in america and the exclusive lodging choice of dellspackages.com, meadowbrook is a premier northwoods water adventure theme resort where scenery and nature abound with a babbling brook and nightly campfires. experience the serenity of our log cabins with fireplaces nestled under towering pines. situated on 12 wilderness like wooded acres with 1, 2 or 3 bedroom lodge suites & cabins with kitchens.
splash and slide in the indoor/outdoor “timber camp water adventure playland”. we’re just minutes from noah’s ark, mount olympus water & theme parks, the dells army ducks, timbavati wildlife park, bigfoot zipline, downtown wisconsin dells, the swan barn event center, and the new wisconsin dells woodside sports complex. we’re a nice alternative to the large overcrowded waterpark hotels — you won’t get lost in the crowd here — and if you want to maximize your dells experience, our themed entertainment & activity packages will provide you with the ideal family getaway.

groups, meetings, reunionsmeadowbrook resort has been featured several times as one of midwest living’s top picks for a family reunion!


 

 

sometimes, the task of planning a family reunion can be a real challenge. tired of trying to find the perfect place and activities that everyone will enjoy? well, look no further. meadowbrook has the ideal resort setting and dellspackages.com has the best variety of activities in the area — together, we can help you plan the perfect family getaway  read more
meadowbrook resort in wisconsin dells proudly serves caribou coffee in our lobby
maximize your dells experience with our special deals and packages 
through dellspackages.com, we have the best selection of activities in the area. we combine all the dells fun with your choice of 19 different room styles for true one-stop shopping. if you would like to add any of these activity packages to your stay, please let us know. below is a listing of some of our package activity partners.
dellspackages.com — choose your adventure!
noah’s ark; dells army duck tours; mt olympus water & theme park; bigfoot zip line; wild thing jet boat; booby trap escape rooms; canyon creek horseback riding; kalahari indoor waterpark; wizard quest; knuckleheads indoor amusement park; timbavati wildlife park; r & gn scenic steam train tours; pirate's cove mini golf; dells mining company; fawn creek winery; lost rios/adventure lagoon indoor/outdoor waterparks; ripley's believe it or not; tommy bartlett ski, sky & stage show; circus world; tommy bartlett exploratory; 1 hour therapeutic massage or facial; h.h. bennett studio; tom foolery's indoor adventure park; wisconsin deer park; lost canyon horsedrawn wagon tour; capone's old time picture studio; multi-screen hollywood movie theater; cascade mountain ski & snow tubing; 9 or 18 hole golf; chalet lanes & family bowling; and much more!

 



















meadowbrook resort 1533 river rd.
wisconsin dells, wi 53965
ph: 1-877-993-3557

 

testimonialnobis e. – crystal lake, ilthey gave us a great deal for a very large room with such a nice jacuzzi and large tv and fireplace. the place is soooo quiet and peaceful. get this, you can sit outside and enjoy a bonfire that they set up for you and supply wood for (its set up ...sharon – fond du lac, wimy sisters and i were in charge of a family reunion for 80 people ranging in age from 2-86. our reunion happens only once every 5 years. we chose wisconsin dells because we wanted the families to have a family vacation inside a family reunion. we ...sheri - jacksonville, flthere were about 30 of us staying at the meadowbrook at the ponderosa building for 7 days!!! the management was helpful/kind/courteous/thoughtful/considerate, etc. they did everything they could for us and the rest of our group - actually they got...guests from maple grove, mnwe had a group of 6, two adults, two 17 year olds, a 15 year old and a 14 year old. we arrived about 30 minutes early and had no problems checking in to our cabin, frontiersmen which was wonderful, very clean and had all the comforts of home. the ...gadd - chicago, ilwe absolutely loved our recent stay at meadowbrook resort. we had the pleasure of staying in the acorn cabin which was very clean, smelled fresh, lo...nxrwe have been going to meadowbrook since 2000. they keep adding things --  just like someone would do to their own home or cottage. meadowbrook is unique. we are extremely busy people – when we go on vacation – we want a quiet place for our fa...knight family - heber city, utjust returned from a family reunion at meadowbrook -- the perfect place to hold a reunion. we had enough family attending to rent the entire ponderosa lodge. we fixed all our meals there and found the back decks to be perfect. the check in process...gmp - oswego, ilwe purchased the horse tails, duck trails and train whistles package. we were able to go horseback riding on a very safe trail (one kid rode with each parent) and we enjoyed riding the ducks, too. i liked the package because the hotel then gave u...kitty - wisconsinwe travel to the dells annually and have stayed at the mega-hotel/waterpark facilities many times. we were looking for a quieter experience that included a bit of the gorgeous dells scenery and popular "north woods" themed environments. our cabin ...guest from omahaa slice of heaven! our experience here was fantastic! to be so close to all the action on the dells, yet feel like you are staying in a secluded mountain hideaway was the best. the atmosphere at the meadowbrook will be fondly remembered by my f...shari - chicago, ilthis is a great place to stay with young children. we had 15 people in our group and it was truly a lot of fun. the staff was very professional and very nice. it was great to be so close to downtown dells. the best thing about this place is that t...sandi -- st. paul, mnwe stayed at the big waterpark hotels so many times in the past, but this time, we saw an ad for some package deals and reluctantly gave it a try. wow, were we pleasantly surprised. what we thought might be some kind of gimmick turned out to be a ...grandparents from milwaukeemy husband and i took our 2 grandchildren to meadowbrook resort for four nights. we stayed in a cabin up on the hill and we had a great time! the indoor waterpark is perfect for little kids. my guys had a great time! the staff was friendly and ac...mmb - ilstayed here for 2 nights and had the bunkhouse room. lovely room lots of space and very clean. there were 6 of us in there. staff were very helpful and had loads of coupons for various attractions. our room overlooked the pool but was not noisy. l...traveler from west allis, wiwe stayed in the alder cabin for 4 nights -- the cabin itself was clean, well stocked and comfortable with cute decorations. (my favorite was the stuffed animal bear skin rug, lol.) the housekeeping staff was very friendly and helpful. they do on...wit - wisconsinour weekend there was fun and stress free, and we had a great reunion at meadowbrook resort. kid's waterpark was fun for the youngest, and the outdoor pool and campfires til late were not a problem for the older. the elder's handicapable accommoda...kelly r. - madison, wiour stay this month will happily mark the 5th time we've vacationed at meadowbrook in the past 7 years. we only live 50 minutes from the dells, and meadowbrook is our tradition. meadowbrook is truly a down-to-earth, understated 'best-kept-secret' ...rachel r, - cedar rapids, iaour family reunion had a group of 80 people ages 2 years to 88 years young and we all were comfortable and had plenty to do and accessible to staff and management. the weather helped with the choices and our group loved the uniqueness of the lodge...jericho - chicago, ilwe have been staying at meadowbrook for many years and always come back. the small, family-oriented atmosphere is perfect for our family and just about anyone. the grounds are ideal for outdoors-loving folks with nightly campfires. the quiet, pict...family from chicagoclean rooms, friendly staff, charmingly decorated, relaxing lodge, that is close to the main strip but just far enough away that there isn't a lot traffic whizzing by. this was our first stay at meadowbrook resort but definitely won't be our last....kiki - fall creek, wii was planing a huge family and friends reunion -- i needed a place where it's safe and room to run with the kids -- and i picked "meadowbrook resort!!!". i was planning it for a year and looking all over the dells and kept going back to meadowbro...guests from villa ridge, ilwe stayed with our two children (age 8 and 15) at meadowbrook resort on june 20 thru the 24th and had a wonderful time in the pine cone cabin. i purchased a ultimate waterpark package deal and was given all my tickets upon arrival. the cabin was w...family from chicago, ilwe went to the dells this year again and of course the only choice was meadowbrook. this time we took my dad, my sister & her husband and her two grown children along with my husband and 3 small kids. we enjoyed the campfires and walking throu...buddy - sturgeon bay, wi
the place was awesome!!!!! it had a small pool, but the kids loved it. it was only about 10 minutes to noah's ark and anything else we wanted to do! we will stay there again.

l. holzworthbest family resort in wisconsin dells! we are staying here over memorial weekend with a group of 7-three kids ages 3 & 8. we have stayed at several places in the dells; chula, wilderness, kalahari, olympus, atlantis. this resort was perfect fo...betty - chicago, ilthis was our first time staying at meadowbrook resort, i researched quite a few places trying to make a decision where to stay.. we had 5 adults and two grandchildren ages 2 and 4, they had the most fun. the rooms were immaculate, very nice sized....bronco fan - chicago, iltotally awesome! i was blown away. very few things are as advertised but this place exceeded my expectations -- great staff, very quiet atmosphere, friendly guests. i can't think of 1 negative. for a family trip where you want some rest from the ...ovm - chicago, ilthis was by far the best place for our family to stay. we sort of found this after a last minute decision to go to the dells. we stayed in one of the cabins. after having stayed at other cabins, i over packed. they provide everything. the kitchen ...jane d. - elm grove, wimy husband and i looked at many places hoping to find the perfect place for our family reunion. we have 3 married children and 7 grandchildren aged 1-11. the rooms we chose had 2 bedrooms so the babies could nap every day, and the living areas had...debby d. - chicago, ilwe went on a short vacation to the dells this was our first time saying at the meadowbrook resort. we took our three children 3,11, &14 we stayed in the bunk house our room was by the pool side with the mini kitchen. the room was clean, the ki...bernaisen - kohler, wiwe stayed on the horse tails, duck trails & train whistles package. they have three different campfire areas where we made smores with the bucket that came with the package. they have a movie each night in the lobby and provide popcorn. the ro...ellie - lacrosse, wii stayed at the meadowbrook recently for a volleyball tournament at the wi dells center. this resort is only a mile from the volleyball center and is a perfect location and the price was certainly right. we had a two bedroom with a small kitchenet...lunathe hotel rooms were very cute- the kids' beds were made to look like part of a cabin. we roasted marshmallows at the fire pit and cooked out on the outdoor grills. it was a great place for a mini family reunion!
auggie n.my daughter and i spent one night here and we will be back. the room was very clean. the grounds were pretty. if we needed anything the staff was very helpful. the pool was perfect for my 5 year old. they show movies at 7. we also made s'mores at ...kjk - new berlin, withis place could not have been more perfect for our group. we had seven families meeting for a reunion. (all of us adopted children through the same agency.) the location was small enough that there was no "searching" for our group. the children ...tami y. - lancaster, wiit truly is one of the most wonderful places i have ever stayed at!! absolutely gorgeous!! the front desk and the housekeeping staff were sooooo nice and friendly! the pools were adorable and i (being 29) even enjoyed the kiddie areas! they have t...kristi b. - allison, iawe stayed 3 nights here with our 3 year old daughter. we did the tikes & toddlers package and upon check-in they had all of our tickets/coupons ready to go along with directions to everything in the package, which was great. we arrived at 12:3...family from chicagothis was our fourth year coming to meadowbrook and again we loved it. we have a young family (7 year old and 4 year old twins). it is perfect for us. the decor is adorable, rooms are clean and kept up, pools and kiddie play area was perfect for us...traveler from monee, ilthis is a family resort. it is intended for people to spend time with their kids. if you have young kids and want them to have a great time, this is the place to go. the people at the check in counter were always really friendly. always smiling ...dahlgren - janesville, wiwhen we arrived we were greeted with a very friendly face at the front desk and informed of the family movie which is shown nightly at 7pm and about the campfire for roasting smores...the room was spotless, and very nicely decorated...no phones in...jessebelle l. - sheboygan, wiwarm, friendly inviting place with excellent service. our kids loved the pool with bears and bubblers. the water level is perfect for little kids to play. the room was very large with both a microwave and fridge. love the décor. definitely will r...becky s. - plainview, mnwe spent 4 days and 3 nights at meadowbrook. we had a great time. our room was very nice, we stayed in the lumberjack suite in the main hotel area. the room was clean, we always had fresh towels after our daily adventures, and the mini kitchen all...inga h. - rock island, ilvery good option for team travel! we had a baseball team needing last minute accommodations and were thrilled that meadowbrook was able to make room for us in their ponderosa building so that it was affordable for us. great setup for the team to ...carlos p.this is a great place for families with small children. the indoor and outdoor pools are more than enough for toddlers and the heated outdoor pool is well maintained. they have plenty of fire pits around the property, they even add kindling to the...markabaddonnice place to stay. we stayed at meadowbrook the last week in august and we enjoyed the resort. the ultimate water park package was a great deal that made the trip worthwhile. the rooms were spacious and well maintained and the staff was always ...darice a.family friendly -- close to town! very helpful staff, gave us directions to variety of places--easy-going, relaxed atmosphere. we were there for a volleyball tournament. really enjoyed the proximity to both wdc and jag. we had the 2 bedroom unit,...kellydawnwoodsy wonderland! nightly campfires, free smores, family movies with popcorn, games, and pure family bonding...every night of our 3 night stay!!!  and privacy! absolutely unheard of in those huge resorts in the dells!!! the resort's snowman/wi...google usermeadowbrook is perfect for families, make them feel like home since the very first moment.... people at the front desk are gentle and lovely!
google userwe will definitely be staying here again! beautiful place..very much like the north woods and its quiet. plus the price was nice...the rooms were clean and they had cute decorations. we will stay again.
google userthis is the place for families with small children. we stayed in the bunkhouse room which our daughter loved. she loved the lobby area for nightly movies and popcorn and the campfire. our room was immaculately clean. a very relaxing stay. overall,...shawnnelson f.my first time here and it was a beautiful experience. the kids enjoyed the nightly movies and making smores. i have stayed several places in the dells but this was the best place -- we will soon return. very nice package deals -- also they give yo...tom m. - minneapolis, mnvery family friendly.  north woods feel was nice.  location is away from the busy main drag, but still close enough to get to and from town quickly.
yanti a. - elgin, ilwe wanted an "old school" dells weekend, and were lucky to discover this place. it was extremely clean, affordable, uncrowded and friendly. what a find this place turned out to be. it's located just far enough from the downtown area to be nestled...nikki r. - joliet, ilgreat place to stay. we got a great deal on this resort, that included passes to water parks, coupons, and a smores bucket for the nightly camp fires! try this place out for a nice, comfy place to stay without all the craziness of the major reso...ora - crystal lake, ilthis is the place you want to stay in the dells. it is amazing! went in the fall with my girlfriend to celebrate an anniversary. this place is surrounded by hundreds of very tall, gorgeous trees exploding with color. the lobby was decorated to fee...larry"our family stayed here last year, it is by far one of the best places to stay in the dells. great waterpark for the kids, a camp fire at night and very spacious room with everything you could ask for."
kathy"meadowbrook resort was a real treat. our kids got to roast marshmallows at the firepit, my husband relaxed and read a book in the lounge area and i enjoyed the great pool."
tony"in previous years we paid three times the price to stay at one of the larger resorts and the kids didn’t have as much fun as they did at meadowbrook."
clarke family“we enjoyed the resort. kids loved the pool. the package was a good value.”
wisconsin dells visitor bureau"when you think of classic wisconsin dells resorts, meadowbrook resort has got to be at the top of the list. this is a classic wisconsin dells experience"
jen - madison wi"we recently stayed at meadowbrook with my two young grandchildren. they loved the pool with the bubblers and bears!!”
sue h"talk about a great vacation experience, the meadowbrook resort in the dells had it all, the nice waterpark, big clean rooms yet the rustic feeling of the outdoors. we really enjoyed it and will be going back next year."
pat - chicago, il"staff was super friendly and helpful with directions. will definitely make plans to stay there again."
michael g.“this new year’s eve party turned out better than expected — we had a great time and stayed an extra night!”
tony k"meadowbrook resort rocks!!! it is a short drive from downtown so we had our space but yet were close enough to all the attractions and stuff."
larry"if you need tickets to various dells attractions they can get them for you at discounted prices"
mauvolyene m"we went to the meadowbrook resort in wisconsin dells and had an amazing stay. we spent our whole day relaxing and enjoying both the inside and outside pools. the staff are very friendly and they let us check in early. i would love to go back to t...jennifer"service was great. rooms were large and immaculate. very warm and inviting atmosphere. will definitely go back again."
patricia"i loved,loved my stay at meadowbrook resort last year. it was friendly, safe and clean."
read more testimonials » 

our location 
 






© 2025 copyright by meadowbrook resort. wisconsin dells, wisconsin. all rights reserved.     































