































    pet daycare & dog boarding servicing perrysburg, bowling green, and northwest oh at gold star pet resort inc
  



 
 
 














              
   18280 hull prairie road    bowling green, ohio 43402

   
   

online reservation


   

call or text us now


 
(419)354-7770   


   



       home


  boarding


  daycare


  grooming


  training


  testimonials


  contact










    
 





       



   
your pet deserves the best. gold star pet
resort, inc. is a full service resort for your pet. designed for safety
and comfort, state of the art pet enclosures with our dedicated loving
staff provide peace of mind to our customers. we have been providing dog boarding,  daycare, and training services for bowling green, perrysburg and the surrounding northwest ohio area since 2000.  call us, or come in for a tour today!over 235,042 dog-days boarded and counting!




    

pet groomer
 leave us a review on google!

  

pet boarding / doggie daycare 2019, 2020, 2021, 2023dog grooming 2022, 2023


   
   
 business hours
  mon - fri
 8:00 am 
- 6:00 pm


 saturday
 9:00 am 
- 12:00 pm


 sunday
  9:00 am 
- 10:00 am

 7:00 pm 
- 8:00 pm








   
  

call us now


 
  

find us now




   

 
 


 
 







   




   
 safety first

to maintain a healthy environment
only fully vaccinated pets will be accepted. all pets must be free of
infection and up to date on dhlpp, rabies and bordatella for dogs and
fvrcp, felv and rabies for cats. proof of vaccinations is required for
all pets. vaccinations are not 100% effective and they take time to
become effective so all vaccinations must be up to date 7 days (though we recommend 14) prior to
entering the resort. all pets are closely checked
                                    for the presence of fleas or
ticks, if any are found a frontline plus ($20)  or seresto collar ($59.99) will be given at the owners expense.starting 1/1/2018 boarding and daycare dogs are required to have at least their 1st flu(h3n2/h3n8) vaccine.  these can take up to a month to become completely effective, so plan ahead! we still strongly recommend that all grooming and training pets get it as well.


   




   
boardingfor dogs, and other
small
pets. our canine guests will enjoy the sanitary and spacious suites
from t-kennel systems. this state of the art system elevates the
canines off of the hard concrete and is designed to prevent waste from
one suite entering another.  all dogs are taken
outside to individual play yards four times a day.  the
administration of oral or topical medications is provided free of
charge. diabetic animals requiring insulin injections are not accepted.
 
 

learn more about our boarding services


   




   
    
  slide title
write your caption here

  

button



 
  slide title
write your caption here

  

button






learn more about our grooming


 
gro0mingwe offer full grooming services for dogs, including bath, nail cutting and grooming.  click here 
for more information!yes we are accepting new clients! 


   



   
traininggold
star pet resort,
inc. offers
a variety of training options designed to enhance your relationship
with your dog. a gentle approach and positive reinforcement is used in
all of our training. small classes or individual training
sessions in an air-conditioned training room provide an optimum
learning environment. spots in our next obedience classes are still available, sign
up today.
learn more about our training services
  




   







      
  

call or text us now


   

find us now


   

online reservation




   
    home


  boarding


  daycare


  grooming


  training


  testimonials


  contact





  share

 tweet

 share

 mail


















































































































  
  share by:








