






tennisreporters.net – the only web site to win the usta media excellence award.































































tennisreporters.netthe only web site to win the usta media excellence award. 



home
about us / contact us
epic: mcenroe, borg and the greatest tennis season ever
archives
february 16, 2025



recent tennisreporters.net stories from the pro tours 



madison keys and jannik sinner win the australian open
sinner repeats while keys is the year's first major surprise






novak djokovic takes down carlos alcaraz in the quarters
zverev: 'novak is the greatest of all time right now'






fritz, gauff on a roll going into australian open
also with aryna sabalenka, naomi osaka, kei nishikori and more






tennisreporters.net’s top 32: women 5-1
qinwen zheng, jasmine paolini, coco gauff, iga swiatek, aryna sabalenka






tennisreporters.net’s top 32: men 5-1
daniil medvedev, taylor fritz, carlos alcaraz, alexander zverev, jannik sinner










 


madison keys and jannik sinner win the australian openat the start of the australian open, who would have thought that madison keys would win a grand slam? yes, at the beginning of the year, she did win another tournament, at adelaide in the beginning of january, but the 29-year-old had never gone into the slams. eventually, when it was deep, she failed, year […]
tennisreporters.net’s top 32: men 5-1no. 5: daniil medvedev back in 2022, the russian won a grand slam at the us open, and he was so steady, with his deep forehand and his backhand.  then, it was clear that he will win another slam, and since then, he tooked many wins, but he has not won another gigantic event.  however, when […]
tennisreporters.net’s top 32: men 10-6no. 10: grigor dimitrov over the years, he was close to winning a grand slam, but he didn’t do it, and while the bulgarian will still have a chance, he missed some critical errors at the end and then lost. however, the positive thing is that he has tremendous strokes with his stylistic forehand and […]
tennisreporters.net’s top 32: men 15-11no. 15: jack draper the 22-year-old had a very good year, as britain won vienna in the fall, and at the us open, he reached the semis, knocking off alex de minaur, before he lost against the no. 1, jannik sinner. he was not only consistent, but he can nail it into the corners. even […]
tennisreporters.net’s top 32: women 20-16no. 20: victoria azarenka the two-time grand slam winner has been around a very long time, spectacular at times, and disappointing, too. the belarussian is still very powerful, from her forehand and her backhand, and she can also crush the ball when retuning, to nail it in the second serve. yet the now 35-year-old is […]
 

novak djokovic takes down carlos alcaraz in the quartersafter the first set, it looked like novak djokovic might retire, as carlos alcaraz was on fire, and his upper left leg was super sore.  however, he taped it again, and then in the second set he gradually began to play so much better. he snapped it in the second set, and then eventually the amazing […]
tennisreporters.net’s top 32: women 5-1no. 5: qinwen zheng the 22-year-old had a terrific season, as the quick hitter finally understood what she was doing on the court. it took her a while to smash the ball, crosscourt or down the line, and to put it away. however, she has some fine weeks, but others, she could collapse. the chinese […]
tennisreporters.net’s top 32: women 10-6no. 10: barbora krejcikova at the net and returning she is spot on, when she is into it. she plays a lot of doubles, which has helped her over the years. yes, the czech can fall, especially in the third set, but still, she knows which way to go and tricks. she has won the […]
tennisreporters.net’s top 32: women 15-11no. 15: jelena ostapenko the strong veteran can nail the ball with her variable strokes. the swiss has gone deep when she is on top of it. eight years ago, she won the roland garros, but she lost somewhat earlier, becoming when she is frustrated. the latvian has been with some super long matches and […]
tennisreporters.net’s top 32: men 20-16no. 20: arthur fils the frenchman is very young, and he is already pretty intelligent. of course he needs to improve with everything, but he already is a lot of variety. however, year after year, the green players can rise up fast, but to get into the top five is a huge challenge, and many […]
 








tweets by tennisreporters









return to top of pagecopyright © 2025  on genesis framework · wordpress · log in






