







tenacity group





































































































              our portfolio
            

              residential
            

              commercial
            

              our story
            

              contact us
            





















































our portfolioresidentialcommercialour storycontact us


















scroll






  

development with tenacity.a cornerstone in the real estate development market of the capital city since 1991


keep exploring


view portfolio
 







 

what we dotrue to our name, tenacity group leverages decades of experience and expertise to solve complex challenges, create efficiencies, align stakeholders, and produce long-term value through transformed spaces. 


 


































































































our core focuseswe have helped transform some of the most historically underserved areas of dc into the apex of sophistication in residential and commercial real estate. with unique expertise across deal structures, architectural design, construction, sales, and investing, we are a multidisciplinary asset to any project.

 



residential developmentfrom condominium conversions to creating new residential housing, we create spaces that provide comfort and security for living.


learn more





commercial developmentusing our knowledge of the market gaps in the local economy, we create innovative, transformative, and unique spaces for businesses to thrive in.


learn more

  




 

featured properties






featured work

























2311 m street






2311 m is a mixed use building with 35 condos sitting on top of 4 floors of medical suites in washington’s fashionable west end.
read more →


























nolando






the nolando was constructed at the turn of the century and converted to condos and renovated by tenacity group in the early 90's.  
read more →


























carolina on the hill






conveniently located within walking distance to the capitol south metro and eastern market, this five-story building was originally constructed …
read more →


























nando's






819 7th street nw is situated along 7th street, in the chinatown area of the east end office market, approximately 2 blocks north of the capital one arena.
read more →


























columbia station






located steps from the tivoli theater and the columbia heights metro, this 1920s vintage building is filled with period touches and large 1 and 2 bedroom units…
read more →


























cathedral court






this six building condo project was converted in 2003. the buildings all face the national episcopal cathedral on wisconsin avenue nw
read more →











 




 

our portfolioexplore the diverse investments that have shaped the dc metro region and beyond.



view our work

 






who we are



what we do



home-gallery



our specialties



featured work



home next








 



residentialwe create spaces that provide comfort and security for the people that live in them.





commercialwe create transformative and unique spaces for growing businesses to thrive in.

  







© all rights reserved 





created by brave people









