canal park, duluth mn | lodging & entertainment | ships       
   things to dolodgingeventsshopshipping scheduletravel assistantoff the beaten pathadvertise with usdealscurrent conditionslatest newspolicysite map   duluth minnesota's playgroundshoppingdiningthings to dolodgingeventsshopshipping scheduletravel assistantoff the beaten pathadvertise with usdeals     stay - relaxwake up to canal park! learn morevisit canal parkduluth's hotspot for lodging, dining, & entertainment! learn morevisit to experiencewatch 1,000 ft ships pass under the aerial lift bridge learn more < >featuredlodginglearn more beacon pointe  dininglearn more northern waters smokehaus  entertainmentlearn more fly duluth scenic air excursions  deals & packagesdealslearn more canal park outfitters pullover hoodie canal park apparel dealslearn more canal park apparel duluth superior tee dealslearn more canal park outfitters pullover hoodie canal park apparel  view more dealsthings to dobentleyville 2023 arts & culture canal park clothing coffee cafe food beer wine nature & parks on the water shopping happening now1jun-1octfly duluth scenic air excursionsexperience the north shore in a whole new way! reserve your airplane tours with a passionate aviation companies eager to share the thrill of flight and offer you a panoramic perspective of duluth harbor and northern minnesota’s stunning landmarks. explore beyond the ground – take to the skies! discover duluth flying tours, dedicated to sharing […]view more detailsview website1feb-28febcold front duluthcome together and celebrate the best of winter fun! this free event offers all day fun including ice skating, dog sled rides, luge sledding and more.view more detailsview website13feb-16febduluth boat, sports, travel & rv show held in conjunction with the northland outdoor duluth deer classicthe duluth sport show is held february 13-16, 2025 @ the decc in duluth. this event features the best of hunting, fishing, camping & travel! grab the latest gear and browse thru the many boats, docks, lifts, atv’s, rv’s, fifth wheels, travel trailers and more. at the door ticket pricing: $12 – ages 18+, $7 […]view more detailsview website view more eventsthe latest newsread moresupporting families in transition in duluthholiday season is here and we would like to take the opportunity to invite you to join in our cause to support our local homeless youth! canal park outfitters is proud to support the families in transition program, and invites you to join us in contributing to their fundraising campaign. here’s some information about the […] read moregrandma’s marathon race resultsrace results for grandma’s marathon 2021 grandma’s marathon top 10 women’s finishers dakotah lindwurm (united states) – 2:29:04 katja goldring (united states) – 2:31:30 tristin van ord (united states) – 2:32:55 grace kahura (kenya) – 2:33:34 jane bareikis (united states) – 2:33:53 pasca myers (united states) – 2:36:47 mckale montgomery (united states) – 2:36:56 andrea […] read morenorthshore inline marathon organizers look to 2021 for 25th annual raceas virtual northshore event wraps up, organizers look to 2021 for 25th annual race duluth, mn – northshore inline marathon, inc. (nsim), has launched race registration for its 25th annual event, scheduled for saturday, september 18, 2021. online signup includes the nation’s largest in-person skating race, running and rollerski races, as well as virtual race options. the […]  view more news follow canal park exclusive deals   contact us  26 e superior st suite 204, duluth, mn 55802 marketing*at*canalpark.com  advertise with us!current conditionslatest newsshop the storeshipping schedule toppolicysite map©2025 canalpark.comwebsite by faster solutions inc.get exclusive canal park updates!don't miss out! get 10% off your first purchase when you join our email list, plus receive updates on canal park deals, discounts, and events.     