





classic christian hits radio









































home
about
who you’ll hear
what people are saying
contact





































listen to classic christian hits radio live
listen now
















homewelcome to classic christian hits radio
playing the best mix of christian oldies!
you’ll hear songs from the 1970’s through the 2010’s! the name suggests just the hits, but you’ll hear more than that! you’ll hear your favorites, and maybe even find some new ones!  hopefully, as you listen to the oldies here, they will encourage you – and maybe even bring back some great memories!
please help spread the word – tell everyone you know about classic christian hits radio!

listen now
as you listen to classic christian hits radio, you’ll hear some of the pioneers and early songs of contemporary christian music. groups like 2nd chapter of acts and love song. sweet comfort band and the way. singers like amy grant – who signed her first record contract at 15 and keith green – who wanted people to hear the message in his music so much, he decided to give them free to people who couldn’t afford to buy his records! evie was an early singer in the new music arena, as well as andrae crouch & the disciples. then there’s phil keaggy, one of the most gifted guitarists in the world, and probably the top one in the world! another pioneering group is petra, who used their hard rock to spread the message. although they were loud, they always made sure the words to their songs were right out front. they toured and recorded for over three decades, influencing numerous other musicians!
back in the early days, it was called jesus music – because people had just found jesus, and wanted to tell people about it in a way that they would understand! even into the 80’s and later, this was going on. for example, kerry livgren of the group kansas, began putting some of the message of his newfound faith into his kansas songs. in the early days, those who forged ahead, met a lot of opposition, and some unfortunately gave up! others took it in stride and continued with their mission – to tell everyone they could about the change in their life. so although you may not be familiar with a lot of the very early music that’s on classic christian hits radio, without them, it would not be what it has become today – one of the most listened to, and best selling, genres available in the music world!
hopefully you’ll not only listen to the music, and the short thought provoking programs that run throughout the day, but you’ll share it with your family, friends, and coworkers! thanks again for listening to, and supporting what we’re doing!








if you enjoy what you're hearing, please click below to support  classic christian hits radio. thanks!
















recently played
 

















copyright © 2025 classic christian hits radioview full site











