









cwd-info.org – chronic wasting disease alliance



















































 
























cwd-info.org



 toggle navigation



learn 

cwd: the basics
cwd news map
chronic wasting disease faq
timeline
cwd overview
external links
photo examples of cwd
cwd research
management strategies
cwd video series


hunters 

hunting faq
recommendations for hunters


maps 

cwd in north america
cwd- related hunting regulations
state and province carcass import regulations
cwd news and information


agencies
 

 







chronic wasting disease alliance





 






chronic wasting disease alliance





 






chronic wasting disease alliance





 






chronic wasting disease alliance





 






chronic wasting disease alliance





 






chronic wasting disease alliance





 






chronic wasting disease alliance





 

 







recent news 


 


louisiana 


								la – three additional cwd positive deer found in captive pens, ldwf announces							

the louisiana department of wildlife and fisheries (ldwf) is alerting the public of three additional chronic wasting disease (cwd) positive captive deer in pens permitted by the louisiana department of agriculture and forestry (ldaf). the read more…






minnesota 


								mn – cases confirmed in dpa 266 near hawley and dpa 701 near greenfield							

two adult male deer tested positive for chronic wasting disease in two deer permit areas without previous confirmed cases of the disease. one deer was harvested in dpa 266 near hawley in clay county and read more…






minnesota 


								mn – news release: chronic wasting disease confirmed in wild deer in 2 new minnesota deer permit areas							

cases confirmed in dpa 266 near hawley and dpa 701 near greenfield two adult male deer tested positive for chronic wasting disease in two deer permit areas without previous confirmed cases of the disease. one read more…



 


pennsylvania 


								pa – newly detected cwd positives in northeast pa							

harrisburg — the pennsylvania game commission, in conjunction with the pennsylvania department of agriculture, is announcing two deer have tested positive for chronic wasting disease (cwd) in a new area of pennsylvania. the two deer, read more…






wyoming 


								wy – cwd found in elk hunt area 98							

the wyoming game and fish department has detected the presence of chronic wasting disease in an adult female elk from elk hunt area 98. the elk was found dead on the scab creek feedground at read more…






michigan 


								mi – dnr reports mecosta county’s first cwd-positive wild deer							

the buck was harvested near confirmed cases in adjacent montcalm county mecosta is now the 14th michigan county where chronic wasting disease has been identified in the wild deer population, according to the michigan department read more…



 





 









 

 welcome

this site is a joint project of the boone and crockett club, mule deer foundation, and rocky mountain elk foundation. these non-profit wildlife conservation organizations formed the chronic wasting disease alliance in january 2002 to address cwd. other organizations have since joined the alliance.




 our mission

the mission of the cwd alliance is to promote responsible and accurate communications regarding cwd, and to support strategies that effectively control cwd to minimize its impact on wild, free-ranging cervids including deer, elk, and moose.




 our promise

the cwd alliance and its partner organizations are committed to providing timely, scientifically accurate information regarding chronic wasting disease, its impacts on wildlife and humans, and recommendations for its control.


 






alliance sponsors 

 





contact us
 




 












if you have specific state information you could look up your state here: north american map.

your name (required)



your email (required)



subject



your message


















cwd faq
contact
cwd map
chronic wasting disease - all rights reserved 2025 



















