



aspemail.com -- free secure mailing component for an asp and asp.net environment













home
news

manual▾

aspemail manual
1. introduction
2. getting started
3. attachments
4. embedded images
5. security
6. unicode
7. queuing part i
8. queuing part ii

aspemail.net manual
1. core features
2. advanced features
3. secure mail
4. message queuing



objects▾

aspemail objects

aspemail.net objects


demo
download/buy
contact








welcome to aspemail.com website
what is aspemail and aspemail.net?





                            aspemail is a classic asp component, and aspemail.net is a native .net component, that enable your web application to send email messages 
                            via any external smtp server. basic mail-sending functionality these products offer is absolutely free.
                        

                            tens of thousands of websites worldwide prefer aspemail/aspemail.net as their mailing solution due to its 
                            impressive robustness and comprehensive array of features.
                        

aspemail & aspemail.net features


                            aspemail and aspemail.net come packed with features that developers love, including support for message queuing, 
                            dkim, file attachments, embedded images, html, foreign languages, emojis, and even the ability to send encrypted and digitally signed emails.
                        

                            when it comes to communicating securely with the smtp server, our components are on top of their game,
                            supporting both tls 1.0 and tls 1.2.
                            they go the extra mile with highly secure cipher suites, including those utilizing the elliptic curve diffie-hellman 
                            key exchange algorithm and the galois/counter mode of aes.
                        


see full list of features download your free trial



what's new

dec 09, 2024 5.6.0.5 and 5.6.0.5338 service releases

no information received from the server error fixed, oauth support for office365 added.
                        


jan 29, 2024 new service releases available

                            an error in emailagent.net occurring during pop3 message retrieval over tls 1.2 fixed, dkim module enhanced.
                        


may 04, 2023 new secure cipher suites added to tls

                            the latest service releases aspemail 5.6.0.4 and aspemail.net 5.6.0.5301 include support for two highly secure cipher suites that
                            utilize the galois/counter mode (gcm) of the aes cipher. 
                        















© 1997 - 2025 persits software, inc. all rights reserved.





