 free local area fresh flower delivery to mt vernon, ny - send flowers today mt vernon ny   skip to main contentfor our freshest, most beautiful blooms, please shop our florist’s choice options, as we may be experiencing
delays in receiving shipments of certain flower types.please note that for all other orders, we may need to replace stems so we can deliver the freshest bouquet possible, and we may have to use a different vase.we promise to always deliver a fresh, beautiful, and completely one-of-a-kind gift of the same or greater value as what you selected.deliveries may also be impacted by covid-19 restrictions. rest assured that we are taking all recommended precautions to ensure customer satisfaction and safety.   delivery impacts may include:restricted deliveries to hospitals or nursing homesrestricted deliveries to office buildingsrestricted access to certain regional areasin addition, we may be using “no contact” delivery procedures. after confirming that the
recipient is available to accept, their gift will be left at the door and the delivery driver will step back a
safe distance to ensure they receive their gift.please see our about us page for more details. we appreciate
your understanding and support!×gift now, deliver laterwith gift now, deliver later, you'll send smiles twice! here's how: smile 1when you complete your purchase, your lucky recipient will instantly receive a surprise email that includes your card message and a picture of the flowers you chose. smile 2as soon as possible (usually within two weeks), we'll contact your recipient to schedule delivery of their gorgeous floral gift. trust us, it'll be worth the wait!×wine for every occasionwe offer a wide-selection of premium wines to perfectly pair with your floral gift.ordering a bottle (or two!) from our site is easy. just make sure that:you're 21 or olderthe person picking up or receiving the delivery is 21 or older× open coupon details ×     fabulous flowers 100% florist-designed and hand-delivered!  same-day design and hand-delivery!*   proudly serving mt vernon, ny                  since 2002 fabulous flowers free delivery for local online orders*    search   fabulous flowers start over how does this work? main menu  fabulous flowers           search deal of the day valentine's day occasions     valentine's daywinterbirthdaysympathy and funeralany occasionlove and romancethinking of youi'm sorry flowersnew babyget wellanniversaryjust becausethank youcongratulationsbusiness gifting birthday     all birthdaybirthday for friendbirthday for her sympathy and funeral     all sympathy and funeralloss of a pet flowers, plants & gifts     flower typeorchidsliliesrosesplantsgreen plantsblooming plantsorchid plantscolorpurplepinkmixedyellowwhitegreenorangeredbluecollectionsgift basketsmodernby priceflowers under $50flowers $50 to $60flowers $60 to $80flowers over $80  our shop     delivery policy about usflower deliveryyonkers, nynew rochelle, nymount vernon, nywhite plains, nyport chester, nyharrison, nyossining, nymamaroneck, nyscarsdale, nyrye, ny  free*    ends in:     deal of the day  valentine's day occasions occasionsvalentine's daywinterbirthdaysympathy and funeralany occasionlove and romancethinking of youi'm sorry flowersnew babyget wellanniversaryjust becausethank youcongratulationsbusiness gifting  birthday birthdayall birthdaybirthday for friendbirthday for her  sympathy and funeral sympathy and funeralall sympathy and funeralloss of a pet  flowers, plants & gifts flower typeorchidsliliesrosesplantsgreen plantsblooming plantsorchid plantscolorpurplepinkmixedyellowwhitegreenorangeredbluecollectionsgift basketsmodernby priceflowers under $50flowers $50 to $60flowers $60 to $80flowers over $80  our shop  about us delivery & substitution
policy all flowers & gifts flower deliveryyonkers, nynew rochelle, nymount vernon, nywhite plains, nyport chester, nyharrison, nyossining, nymamaroneck, nyscarsdale, nyrye, ny       free*   ends in:  why buy from us?  ▲ ▼100%satisfaction  guaranteerealwe are a real local florist100%florist designed  and hand delivered * free local delivery is available for local online orders only. for orders being sent outside of our local delivery zone,
a delivery fee based on the recipient’s address will be calculated during checkout.     100% satisfaction guaranteed   we are a real local florist   100% florist-designed and hand-delivered   shop by popular occasions             valentine's day    birthday       sympathy & funeral         just because    love & romance   fresh flower delivery to mt vernon, ny - send flowers today   valentine’s day special bouquetfrom $39.95 thoughts of you bouquet with red rosesfrom $29.95 always on my mind - long stemmed red rosesfrom $64.95 hugs and kisses bouquet with red rosesfrom $24.95 arrive in stylefrom $29.95 kindest heart bouquetfrom $29.95 teleflora's sweet thoughts bouquet with red rosesfrom $29.95 she's the one bouquetfrom $39.95 dance with me bouquet with red rosesfrom $34.95 what a treat bouquet with rosesfrom $37.99 deal of the dayfrom $50.00 be my love bouquet with red rosesfrom $39.95 make me blush - dozen long stemmed pink rosesfrom $62.95 teleflora's be happy® bouquet with rosesfrom $29.95 enduring passion - 12 red rosesfrom $64.95 why buy from us?fastsame day designand hand-deliveryjointhousands ofhappy customers100%florist designed and hand delivered     off is yours!code will be automatically applied in checkout. coupon redeemable for online  purchases only. valid through .our lovingly reviews read more reviews read more reviews         fabulous flowers    537 east 3rd street, mt vernon, ny 10553    (914) 663-9460      get driving directions   send a beautiful flower arrangement in mt vernon today shop from our wide selection of floral designs, bountiful bouquets, and other creative floral arrangements to send a meaningful gift in ny from a floral artist. be prepared with the best gift for memorable days like valentine’s day and mother’s day, when deciding on a gift can be tough. don’t miss out on other great gifts:birthday flowers - celebrate their special day!love flowers - show just how much you love them with a romantic arrangement.sympathy and funeral flowers - express your condolences and honor their memory.get well flowers - when they’re under the weather, help brighten their mood!deal of the day - send them a unique, one-of-a-kind arrangement handcrafted with a personal touch.mt vernon’s local florist - dedicated to quality and satisfaction fabulous flowers works hard to craft outstanding floral arrangements and provide exceptional customer satisfaction to mt vernon, ny. our arrangements are florist-designed, and hand-delivered with 100% satisfaction guarantee.  join our community of happy customers in mt vernon by ordering and supporting your local florist, fabulous flowers.  learn more about fabulous flowers                      powered by    fabulous flowers is a lovingly momentmaker in mt vernon, ny.   buying local matters. discover how lovingly is committed to strengthening relationships by helping local florists market, sell, and deliver their floral designs online.      google business page fabulous flowers537 east 3rd street mt vernon ny 10553+1 (914) 663-9460   copyrighted images herein are used with permission by fabulous flowers.  ©
2025  lovingly, llc. all rights reserved.  lovingly and the lovingly logo are trademarks of lovingly holdings, llc terms of serviceprivacy policyaccessibility statementprivacy request formdelivery policy          top 4 reasons to buy from
fabulous flowers 100% satisfaction guaranteewe take pride in our work, and stand behind every arrangement we deliver. if you are not completely satisfied
with your order, please contact us so that we can make it right. we are a real local floristwe've been mt vernon local florist  since 2002 and we are proud to serve this community. there are a lot of "online companies"
that pretend to be a local florist, hurting both you and small businesses like ours. you can feel confident that you will get an amazing
arrangement that is supporting a real local florist! 100% florist designed, hand deliveredbuying from us means that all arrangements are designed by artists who know
the floral trade. we hand-deliver every single arrangement so your recipient
is sure to love their gift! no wilted, sad, flowers in a box here! your design will be exquisitely arranged and sure to be loved! join thousands of happy customersour customers and the happiness of their friends and family are our top priority! when you buy from us, you are getting an arrangement that is sure
to impress and delight! we will personally ensure that you're happy with your arrangement!×* free local delivery is available for local online orders only. for orders being sent outside of our local delivery zone, a delivery fee based on the recipient's address will be calculated during checkout. ×                   