














computer science | school of computer and data sciences
















      skip to main content
    













one stop


apply


visit


give




search







search this site













search




menu






school of computer and data sciences menu



computer science


data science


directory


about





take action



one stop


apply


visit


give












college of arts and sciences


school of computer and data sciences


 











 











computer science






department navigation



how to apply


undergraduate programs


graduate programs


courses


experiential learning


research


contact us


directory









computer science








the department of computer science at the university of oregon offers students and faculty a close-knit community in which to learn, discover, and innovate, in a shared quest for computational solutions to a spectrum of challenging problems. we are home to state-of-the-art research in several fields of computing ranging from foundational theory for programming languages to applications in data science, with substantial research groups in high performance computing, networking and distributed systems, and machine learning and artificial intelligence.




computer science news




 




sprinting toward innovation


february 5, 2025



student coders put their creativity to the test at quackhacks, a 24-hour hackathon organized by computer science students. more than 100 participants, from seasoned computer veterans to those entirely new to coding, showed up for the hackathon jan. 18-19.






 




new grant helps computer science build diversity in cybersecurity 


january 14, 2025



the college of arts and sciences’ computer science department received a $500,000 grant through the future ready oregon program to strengthen uo’s cybersecurity program and fund an outreach initiative in oregon high schools that will help encourage students to pursue cybersecurity careers. 






 




scds adds seven new computer and data science faculty 


november 15, 2024



interest in computer and data science at the university of oregon continues to build, and the school of computer and data sciences is expanding to accommodate the growing number of students who want to enter the field. this year, the school added seven new faculty members—five in computer science and two in data science—to help meet the demand for courses in key subject areas. 





all cs news »




what you can do with a degree in computer scienceour educational programs combine a strong computer science core curriculum with an array of cutting-edge topics. students at all levels are prepared to step forth to make meaningful and high-quality contributions in the field of computing, going on to successful careers as software developers and engineers, data scientists, systems analysts, and cybersecurity personnel.careers for undergraduatescareers for graduates




helping you find your path in computer science
 









“i appreciate the fact that we had the freedom to follow our research interests while still benefiting from the faculty’s constant support. it helped me to be more productive in my ph.d. and gain the experience that can help me in my future career. also, since the department provides a variety of options for the curriculum, i was able to choose the path that best fits into my research.”——amir pouran ben veysey, phd, '23




our degree programsthe cs major includes interdisciplinary and internal tracks to prepare our students for future careers in this rapidly changing field. the mathematics and computer science (macs) degree offers students the opportunity to study computer science while retaining strong foundations in mathematics.the master's degree program in cs provides students with advanced coursework in the field of computer science as well as opportunities to complete an in-depth project or to become involved in research. the ph.d. is an advanced degree reserved for students who demonstrate both a comprehensive understanding of computer science and an ability to do creative research.graduate degrees:computer science (ms)computer science (phd) undergraduate degrees:computer science (bs or ba)cybersecuritymathematics and computer science (bs or ba)computer science minorcomputer and information technology minorhonors degrees:computer science




applydeclare or change majorvisit uo




class of 2024fedi aniefuabs, mathematics and computer sciencefedi aniefua will be heading to seattle soon after his spring 2024 graduation—he just landed a job as a software developer for amazon. but before leaving eugene, this macs major (and anime aficionado) would like to give credit to those who helped take him the distance.read fedi's story
 















 









learn from experts in the fieldour faculty are international leaders in their fields including:informatics networkingsecuritysoftware engineeringassistive technologiestheoryscientific visualizationhigh-performance computingwe are home to the center for cyber security and privacy, which serves as a cutting-edge hub for interdisciplinary research and collaboration in cybersecurity and accepts student assistants.researchfaculty directory




faculty spotlight
 









phil colbertdirector of the computer information technology minor in the department of computer sciencesenior instructor phil colbert is one of three recipients of the tykeson teaching award, an annual prize given to one outstanding faculty member in each division of the college of arts and sciences who goes above and beyond in the classroom.read the story
 









brittany ericksonassistant professor of computer scienceassistant professor brittany erickson, a native of the san francisco bay area, had her first encounter with an earthquake in 1989. she was an 8-year-old, playing outside when loma prieta violently shook california’s central coast at a magnitude of 6.9 and a maximum modified mercalli intensity of ix. the event was terrifying and memorable.  fast forward to 2024 and erickson now holds a joint position in the uo computer science and earth sciences departments, using computational mathematics and machine learning to address outstanding questions in earthquake science.read the story





 









get real-world experiencethe uo cyber security operations center offers students interested in a career in cybersecurity the opportunity for exposure to professional, hands-on learning experiences. students are encouraged to attend our annual security day, enter competitions across the department, join student groups, and get involved in research during their time at the uo.experiential learning




once a duck, always a duck
 









liz olson '17computer science majorsince graduating in computer science from uo in 2017, liz olson has held a steady focus on the study of robotics. more specifically, she’s been researching perception in robotics or, how robots learn from sensory data—how they perceive, comprehend and reason. now, having almost completed her phd at the university of michigan, olson has set her sights on academia and industry to continue her research.read liz's story




battle to learnsaghar salehimajor : computer science"we were girls, we were doing science, we were building robots.” college of arts and sciences computer science student saghar salehi has vivid memories of the work she and her fellow “dreamers” were pursuing at school in afghanistan. “we were all about proving that the world of engineering and computer science was not the exclusive domain of boys.” read about saghar’s story on cas connectionread saghar's story
 














scholarships and fundingmultiple grants are available to help fund undergraduate and graduate cs students. our phd students are fully supported by various research funding sources, including the national science foundation, army research office, intelligence advanced research projects activity, and department of energy.undergraduate scholarships graduate fundingacademic supportcs advisors are here to help guide students through their entire undergraduate program. students will be assigned a "track advisor" who oversees student progress through the cs major, and can advise students on how to best prepare for grad school, internships, jobs, etc.undergraduate advising graduate student support




give to the department of computer science
















school of computer and data sciencesour mission is to empower a diverse population of students and faculty working to advance knowledge in computer and data science, train the next generation of scholars, and engage with the wider world to tackle interdisciplinary challenges.to do this, we start by applying our knowledge and experience at home across the university of oregon campus.




college of arts and sciences school of computer and data sciences

1202 university of oregon eugene,     or  97403 

        scds administrative office: pacific hall , suite 203        



department of data science: 203 pacific halldepartment of computer science: 120 deschutes hall 














report a concern
nondiscrimination and title ix
accessibility
privacy policy
careers
about
find people



©
university of oregon.
          
all rights reserved.









