






entrepreneur personality test | profiling tool | wealth dynamics















  

 











roger hamilton
          explains the test 




×
















reseller




blog 



supplementary niche reports ▾ 

evolutionary women
real estate investors
project management 5.0
know my profile and want a niche report





take the
            test




redeem token

















reseller

blog


           supplementary niche reports ▾

evolutionary women
real estate investors
project management 5.0
know my profile and want a niche report






take the
                    test

redeem token












what is your entrepreneur profile?
your entrepreneur profile is

              creator



discover your profile to unlock your natural path 
          to wealth, flow & fulfillment



take the
              test


about the test  ▶





roger hamilton 
                  explains the test














          143 reviews 



 








            237,230
          
 people have taken 
              the test






              casey mckay took the
              testand
              is a trader




              michael brown took the
              testand
              is a mechanic




              stuti johri took the
              testand
              is a star



              .............................................................................


what will your profile be?

take the
                test



what will your profile be?

take the
                test





 






why take the test?


























wealth dynamics is the world’s leading profiling tool for entrepreneurs. take
            the test to find out which of the eight wealth profiles is your natural path.













get clarity on what advice to take, what to leave,
                what opportunities to say ‘yes’ to and ‘no’ to.







follow the right role models. oprah created
                wealth very differently to warren buffett.







understand your customers, your family and
                build world class teams that work in flow.







learn when your winning formula becomes a
                losing formula through the cycle of time.









your personalized report will give you clear direction on what path to follow 
          in your job, business and investments. why make things hard work when 
          you can follow your flow?




join 500,000 entrepreneurs and leaders who are following their
          flow with wealth dynamics, and geniusu, the leading education
          platform for entrepreneurs.


 





what do you get when 
            you take the test?



group debrief call with our expert mentors.



unlock your full potential and thrive in the age of ai with wealth dynamics 5.0 masterclass.



receive wealth dynamics certificate upon completion. show case on linkedin and boost your profile. 



understand how to connect with the different profiles using our vector cards app.



 learning mission on geniusu  with the flow factor assessment to grow your flow.



a detailed 52 page report on your profile 



take the test






which of the eight profiles are you?






mechanic




mechanic

                are you a mechanic vitalik buterin? perfecting the system for others to use?
              








creator




creator

                are you a creator elon musk? naturally creative and leaving the details to others?
              








star




star

                are you a star like lori greiner? growing a brand to shine brightly on others?
              








lord




lord

                are you a lord like yang huiyan? where it’s all about the attention to detail?
              











supporter




supporter

                are you a supporter mukesh ambani? leading from the front where people come first?
              








accumulator




accumulator

                are you an accumulator like
                kevin o'leary? with slow and steady winning the race?
              








trader




trader

                are you a trader like cathie wood? profiting from a great sense of timing?
              








deal maker




deal maker

                are you a deal maker like
                susan wojcicki? where it's all about the negotiation?
              










mechanic









creator









star









lord












supporter









accumulator









trader









deal maker







what will your profile be?



take the
              test








why take the test?
created by roger james hamilton, wealth dynamics (and
          its sister tests, talent dynamics and the genius test) has
          been used by over 500,000 entrepreneurs around the world.

 




why does wealth dynamics work so well for entrepreneurs?
there are similar elements within wealth dynamics and popular psychometric
              tests, as they all have a common modern origin in carl jung’s work on
              archetypes. but wealth dynamics is different in that it provides an intuitive
              structure, practical strategies, modern role models and a link back to the roots
              of profiling 5,000 years ago. 

              most job-seekers have been through the experience of taking personality tests
              of one kind or another. wealth dynamics is unique compared to other
              profile tests in the following five ways:





tailored to entrepreneurs 
                  wealth dynamics doesn’t put you in a box, but highlights a
                    formula and path specifically for entrepreneurs, with role models
                    to follow.







synchronized to time 
                  in fast changing times, wealth dynamics is the only personality entrepreneur
                    test which shows you how your strengths link to the cycle of time. 







intuitive and easy to follow 
                   while many personality tests for entrepreneurs are not easy to explain to others,
                    once you know the eight profiles and how they link to the way we
                    create value and leverage it, it’s easy to explain and apply to
                    others. 







linked to your flow 
                  you can use wealth dynamics immediately to directly grow your
                    flow, and use the geniusu mission to measure your flow.
                    linked. 







linked to your entrepreneurial spirit 
                  through its link to the i ching and the five chinese elements,
                    wealth dynamics links to the fifth element - spirit, your purpose,
                    and the question ‘why’. 








 


wealth dynamics success stories

        click on any of these entrepreneurs to read their success stories:











richard alderson  
                    mumbai, india

                    the results: today, we’ve raised more
                    than $2m, funded 98 entrepreneurs and
                    built a full-time team of 14. the people
                    we’ve mentored have already raised 14.5
                    times the amount we’ve invested...
read full story > 














 emma ponsonby 
                        london, uk 


 > 



















amanda horsburgh  
                    chiang mai, thailand

                    i love what i do, how i do
                    it and why i do it. i am
                    extremely happy of
                    course, however, still in
                    shock about how fast…
read full story > 
















marianne cantwell  
                    uk

                    fastforward to today
                    and i am finishing up a
                    book for a major
                    publisher, about how to
                    escape your career...
read full story > 














 david anttony
                    singapore


 > 















diana anderson 
                    perth, australia

                    the best tool ever to understand people
                    is wealth dynamics. after completing
                    the profile test and showing up as a
                    supporter profile-everything in my life
                    now made sense.
read full story > 

















rustica lamb  
                    new zealand
i happened to be in the
                    water, and i asked them to
                    come out and serve me
                    there! there have also
                    been sad times …
read full story > 
















treska botha  
                    south africa

                    the wealth dynamics
                    kaleidoscope has rolled
                    my life upside down. my
                    personality and life has
                    slotted into the colourful
read full story > 








what people are saying about us






christine briskey
 wa, usa
profile : steel







amazing
this was an extremely helpful piece of information to go through and study. i recommend.
            







holley hood
virtual
profile : dynamo








a lot of good content to consider that i can use in my life and in my business endeavors. thanks roger.


            







joanne chan
managing director 
            hong kong
profile : blaze







great course!
        
this is very useful for corporate and business owners. worthy to explore and apply in your company.


            







karen fraser
south africa
        
profile : dynamo







very sobering
        
i've had my head in the sand for too long. this was a good wake up call!


            







sally cope
        
coach and mentor 
            devon uk
profile : tempo







wealth dynamics
        
this is so powerful in everything we do and also about understanding others and how they work/think /act. thank you

        



load more...

 



what is your entrepreneur profile?
take the test











            geniusu pte ltd. (geniusu) is part
            
            of genius group ltd.
            
            read more about the genius
            
            group of companies
            here.



we are in social networks:




 



 



 



 




you can always contact us:


                  
              
                support@geniusu.com 







copyright © geniusu | privacy policy | terms 








richard alderson mumbai, india

          i never dreamed that, after quitting my london consulting job, i’d end up starting an award-winning social
          enterprise 4,000 miles away. it all began with me sitting in a dull corporate office longing to do something
          more meaningful with my life. my heart led me to social entrepreneurs: people using entrepreneurial skills to
          solve social problems (muhammad yunus is one prominent example).
        

          in 2005, i travelled to the hot, dusty plains of northern india with pooja, who was to become my future
          business partner. we were so inspired by the potential of social entrepreneurs to create powerful change in
          india and so moved by the lack of support for them, that we started to hatch a plan for how we could help.
          wealth dynamics (wd) when i discovered wd, it was a lightbulb moment for me. i suddenly understood that there
          were different paths to entrepreneurial success. i am a creator profile. i learned that i need to focus my
          time on creating, not on managing or completing. and i need to work with different profiles that love doing
          what i don’t. now, i felt better equipped for my journey — or so i thought.
        

          the big lessons i’m still learning as unltd india, our social entrepreneur incubator, took off, i found myself
          feeling almost constantly overwhelmed. i was exhausted, i was working every hour of the day and my
          relationships were suffering. i slowly learned my first big lesson from wd: ‘say no’. i learned that it’s what
          i say ‘no’ to, rather than ‘yes’ to, that determines how effective i am. since then, i’ve said ‘no’ to doing
          things that are not aligned with my creator profile — admin, finances and implementation — so that i can focus
          on creating, raising money and strategy.
        

          my second big lesson hit home when i went to a wd event in bali, before i’d even moved to india. the event was
          run as a competition, with prizes for the team that developed the best business plan. my idea was one that was
          chosen. i thought i was in with a chance of winning. but i crashed into something bigger than my dreams: my
          ego. i thought i knew best. i thought we could do it my way. we didn’t win because i shut out my team. it felt
          painful and humiliating. now, i’ve learned to let go more.
        

          my co-founder pooja is a supporter profile (a great combination for a creator profile like me) and we’ve
          learned to trust each other completely for the different things we do. our first key hire, our operations
          manager, is an accumulator profile, who keeps us anchored. we’ve since built an awe-inspiring team made up of
          complementary profiles — so much so, that now, pooja and i are doing what feels scary (but right), and handing
          over the organisation to allow someone else to take it to the next level.
        

          the results today, we’ve raised more than $2m, funded 98 entrepreneurs and built a full-time team of 14. the
          people we’ve mentored have already raised 14.5 times the amount we’ve invested in them and positively impacted
          the lives of more than four million disadvantaged people in india. last year, we were honoured to win the
          ‘most innovative social enterprise award’ from the indus entrepreneurs (tie).
        

          i’m deeply grateful to roger and to the amazing people i’ve met through wd who have supported us. had i not
          discovered wd, i suspect we may not have achieved what we have, and that i’d be less happy, less fulfilled and
          more grey-haired than i am now! what next? because wd has had such a profound influence on my life, i am now
          launching wd for social entrepreneurs, incorporating language and case studies that speak directly to them. if
          you’re interested in helping, i’d love to hear from you!
        

          – ps our first unltd india website had the strapline ‘who will be india’s muhammad yunus?’ the photo on the
          left is of pooja and i saying ‘thank you’ to the man himself in mumbai earlier this year.
        



×





emma ponsonby london, uk

          i did my wealth dynamics test in 2009, at the recommendation of a friend as i was trying to work out what to
          do with my life. i am one of those people that can pretty much do anything, but i found myself always doing
          everything.
        

          once i understood my profile as a mechanic, i started to read up on other successful people with my profile
          and understood the benefits of having an uber powerful team of people around me. i went on to set up my first
          business, myshoppingsecrets.com that markets international luxury fashion brands to the uae, us, asia and new
          zealand where i’m from.
        

          because i understood my wealth dynamics profile, i’ve been learning and experimenting with my natural skills,
          i’ve now been involved in over 9 start ups companies in the last 3 years having never thought this is
          something i would ever do, and all before i turned 30.
        

          this week we officially launched myshoppingsecrets.com in nz, and we’ve had an amazing response and some great
          features in the media out there, and i have reached one of my lifetime goals to be an example to new
          zealanders what’s possible, to follow your dreams and create global business.
        

          http://www.fashionz.co.nz/news/kiwi-in-london-launches-online-shopping-mall.html
          http://cleo.msn.co.nz/cleonews/8467092/ site gives kiwis access to top international fashion labels. next
          we’ll be launching in australia, india, uae, us and china!
        

          i always recommend anyone i work with and all the businesses i am involved with to take the wealth dynamics
          test to help them understand their own pathway and i’ve watched it help entrepreneurs make some really
          important decisions about their future and i know it’s certainly helped me!
        



×





amanda horsburgh chiang mai, thailand

          even though i was introduced to wealth dynamics profiles 6 years ago, the biggest difference wealth dynamics
          has made to my life has been in my recent failed, then successful restart into the business world. using just
          the basics of wealth dynamics (because that is all i know), i have re-launched my previously failed business
          and in the space of 4 months i have turned this business, and just $1000, into a fast growing, global company,
          that i run from my dream location – thailand.
        

          a few months after originally doing our wealth dynamics profiles (i am a creator), we decided to move from
          brisbane, australia, home to our 4 business at the time, and re-locate to phuket, thailand. we moved and
          continued to run our businesses in australia, from phuket. it was a big step for us. while operating our
          businesses remotely i became fascinated by the world of outsourcing and what it makes possible for businesses
          and business people. phuket was a great place to be while having this interest, as thousands of business
          owners from around the world, who have made outsourcing work well for their company, spend a lot of time in
          phuket. i had endless streams of people to talk to about it. for years i delved into outsourcing as a personal
          interest.
        

          after the birth of our second baby i took a year off. i then decided i wanted to start into business again and
          i wanted to follow my intense passion of outsourcing, to create for others what we had created for ourselves,
          in terms of lifestyle, flexibility and new possibilities for business. so off i went, and launched my new
          company, half price staff, providing full-time, managed, outsourced staff for smaller companies. quite simply,
          it did not work. i got it going, but it was s l o w. the concept seemed fine, but the market was not keen, i
          couldn’t get the ball rolling. it was failing. i felt tense. i couldn’t think clearly. how could it be that
          the business in the industry i knew so much about, that i could provide so much real value to people in, that
          i loved, could be struggling so badly to get going? i got sick. i got sick again.
        

          then had our 3rd baby. then moved across the country. the timing was wrong. my approach was clearly wrong too,
          but i couldn’t work out what was wrong with it, nothing was working. so i stopped operating the business and
          decided i would come back to it at some later date. when? i didn’t know. another way to say it, would be to
          say i ‘quit’. i feared i had lost my mojo for business. watching our bank balance shrink as i was failing, was
          enough to put me on the verge of giving up on it all together. i was so frustrated. people would ask how i was
          going with my business and i had nothing to say. it was depressing. i really didn’t want to give up though.
        

          in my search to work out what i was doing wrong, i re-looked at the business and my wealth dynamics profile
          and realised a big part of what was wrong was that i was not being ‘creator’ enough, or ‘creator’ at all
          really. i had been focussed almost purely on the “systems” required for the business and not on the real thing
          i could do for people, which was to revolutionise the way they do business. i could completely change the
          beliefs and reality of what lifestyle a business could provide and that i could make this happen in a fairly
          short space of time. it was even all positive cash flow for the owner from day 1. i knew i had something
          special, but i was not getting the message across.
        

          i identified 2 key things i needed to do – as a creator i needed to ‘create’ (in this case i saw i needed to
          share my unique take on outsourcing as original content), and to stop being held back by the ‘systems’ the
          business would need. i had previously cast aside creating great original content as ‘non-essential’ until i
          had the ‘systems’ sorted. big mistake. i worked on organising all my research and experience of outsourcing
          over the past 5 years into a clear model of the 7 strategies of outsourcing for small and mid sized companies.
          i worked on clarifying the step by step process that makes outsourcing work for some companies, but be a
          disaster for others. i focussed on what i could create in other peoples businesses, not just the savings, but
          the models and the lifestyle.
        

          by the end of that, i had ‘created’ a new foundation for the business. then onto the ‘systems’. i decided to
          stop worrying about the systems and i stopped looking for a ‘mechanic’ person. i realised i simply did not
          need one. what i needed to notice was that, some of the most talented ‘mechanics’ from around the world had
          already done what was needed. they had made millions of dollars from creating amazingly simple systems –
          designed to be used by creators to bring their creations into the world. these systems were available for free
          or very little cost, all i had to do was work out what i needed, sign up and start. i am no ‘mechanic’ but i
          now have the tools to run all the systems in my business and i can understand and use them. a big thank you
          goes out to the ‘mechanics’ of the interwebs !
        

          with my new base of unique content and my new love of the simple systems available, i re launched half price
          staff. nothing fancy, i just started talking about my knowledge and views on outsourcing on facebook. i let my
          thoughts and experiences come through. i simply let myself be ‘me’. i searched for, found and learnt from
          people who used facebook as the main source of attracting customers to their business. some people loved what
          i had to say, some hated it. after a few weeks of simply doing this while i set up the final tweaks in the
          background….. boom….flow. not a gentle flow like a slow river, more like a gushing whip torrent. a year ago i
          was hitting my head against a wall, with the exact same service offering.
        

          now with a different approach to the exact same thing, i am like a magnet. i had struck a chord and was off
          like lightning. just 4 months ago i was wondering if i should give up on this business that i love, thinking i
          many never get it profitable and that i would be facing years of struggle to get to that ‘point’ of it
          working. wondering if anyone really did want what i could offer, maybe i should just keep my outsourcing
          abilities and strategies for my own use, keep things as they have been for the past 6 years. still, in the
          face of that, i went back in to bat with my new ‘creator’ friendly approach…….more hoping it would work than
          expecting it would.
        

          in the 4 months since, i could not have imagined what has happened. half price staff has already become a
          profitable, cash generating company with a backlog of customers, existing customers who are ordering more
          staff, enquiries from around the world, me being interviewed by major newspapers on outsourcing for low costs
          start ups, the future of outsourcing for traditional businesses and outsourcing strategy on a national level.
          this has all been done remotely from overseas. they are finding me.
        

          i have been in initial discussions to start a business incubator in asia for companies, following my
          strategies in outsourcing, to penetrate western markets faster. i’ve been asked to speak at conferences later
          in the year and 3 large multinational companies have been in contact with me saying they have had someone
          mention me, my content or my company, in the course of business. all this since the start of the year, with
          less than $1000 invested, with clients i have never met in person, with staff i have never met in person,
          while living in a tropical paradise and having the time of my life. i love what i do, how i do it and why i do
          it. i am extremely happy of course, however, still in shock about how fast….and easily…. it is all happening
          now.
        



×





marianne cantwell  uk

          i spent the first few months of my business feeling like an imposter. i had retrained as a coach and quit my
          job full of excitement… but now, on the ground, something was wrong: after every session i was drained,
          sometimes in tears for no reason, and began to avoid taking on new clients… not the greatest business strategy
          around, right? the problem was a bit embarrassing: as a coach, i was supposed to be sitting quietly, speaking
          very little; my training told me to take myself out of the picture completely. problem was, i was bursting
          with ideas, desperate to inspire and the times i got the best response was when i dared to share my own story.
          thinking that was a bad thing i tried to force myself to pipe down, fade out, and be the way i’d been told was
          ‘right’. that was exhausting. then, at the encouragement of a friend i did wealth dynamics. the results blew
          me away. as you have probably guessed, i was a star.
        

          naturally, i said the results were wrong. no way was i that sort of person, clearly, clearly i was a creator
          or a supporter. no way was i the one who did well in the spotlight. i wanted others to shine, not me! the test
          was wrong, no question. then, reality seeped in. i realised that everything i was passionate about was about
          helping people live bigger, bolder, and shine more brightly. star like you might say. people kept asking for
          my story but i’d held myself down so much there wasn’t even a picture of myself on my website. so, i took a
          deep breath and changed it up. i started running groups, and every piece of resistance i’d had melted away.
          best of all my group clients got wildly better results than my individuals and word started to spread. i
          changed my role to inspirer and dared to tell my story and speak in front of crowds. my blog took off in
          popularity, and i didn’t have to look for clients anymore – they came to me. oh, and i started loving what i
          did so much i would stay up to 3am just because i didn’t want to stop!
        

          fastforward to today and i am finishing up a book for a major publisher, about how to escape your career-cage
          and become a free range human… and a core chapter is where i share how giving myself permission to let go of
          who i thought i should be let me finally be who i really am. no more hiding. turns out what i thought were my
          weaknesses were actually my biggest strengths in disguise.
        



×





david anttony singapore

          the greatest thing i learned about my wealth dynamics profile is that it’s a wealth profile and not a
          personality or skills profile. i am a mechanic profile with a strong creator secondary profile, and because i
          am very well skilled all-round, in the past i tended to take on the wrong projects or focus on the wrong part
          of joint projects, so hence wealth did not flow to me and struggle, stress and frustration were every-day
          experiences instead. subsequently, despite creating 9 businesses in my life from nothing, literally nothing,
          it is only in the last three years and with my last three companies, that i have created financial wealth flow
          for myself and others, all from systems driven web-based companies.
        

          in my main, bread and butter, company, magic webs, which is a seo and web development company run out of
          singapore, right now i hold two positions, marketing director and systems consultant. these two roles may seem
          incongruent, but the way i do things as a mechanic makes them totally congruent. in december of 2010, magic
          webs was almost bankrupt and i lost 90% of my operations team in one week. since that time i have rebuilt the
          company from the base up systemizing core client delivery and cash management functions. we now have a 45
          person team with 5 open positions. my learning in rebuilding the company was to divest in roles that are not
          my highest core value delivery as fast as i can and as soon as i have systemized them, making it easy for
          others to take over.
        

          during the last twelve months i have held over 20 different positions in my company, some i only held for a
          week. i even divested in my ceo role in january of this year and passed it to a better suited person who is a
          star profile, and took on the strategic role of marketing director with a sub role as the companies systems
          consultant. my strategic decision to focus my energies as our marketing director and systems consultant have
          paid off in an amazing way. i still get to poke my nose into the “nitty-gritties” of the company systems and
          processes, allowing me to improve them, while not upsetting anyone in the team by being critical about others
          not spotting all the issues i see with my eyes closed. and of course in my marketing role, i do not do it in a
          conventional way. i drive our marketing through systems, so seeing we’re a search engine optimization company,
          my main marketing functions are based around us being #1 in google, which requires pure mechanics. with my
          marketing director role i get to drive the companies leading edge and set strategic direction. a working
          example of this happened just last week. in a single day i rewired our company to follow a new strategic
          direction, allowing us to grow all flowing well, to become a 10 million dollar revenue company within 2 to 3
          years, while reducing our workload by a factor of 5.
        

          harries, one of our top developers came to me with a proposal to make our results manager (rm) system web
          based. the rm is an internal dedicated client processes management system. synchronicity engaged its engine,
          and the very next day when i was casually looking at an online tool for another part of our business
          processes, i had a flash of inspiration. the system i was looking at was a subscription based system costing
          over 300$ a month. i thought why not make our rm a subscription based tool. this single idea would allow us
          earn more and work less. a day later, we engaged 7 new web developers and made harries their team leader –
          they will now deliver the core system in 6 weeks! harries and i laughed together at our new joint creation
          when i said to harries, “this is not software, this is beachware, we will be on the beach soon mate with our
          feet up.”
        



×





diana anderson  perth, australia

          the best tool ever to understand people is wealth dynamics.after completing the profile test and showing up as
          a supporter profile-everything in my life now made sense.all of my natural strengths and talents where
          highlighted right in front of me. leading people, relationship development,highlighting others true value
          -just to mention a few.i immediately embraced this knowledge to assist me in developing teams around me. the
          most amazing team and story i would love to share is about my family.
        


          could wealth dynamics information help me to take my family to a new level? my husband craig is an
          accumulator, jarred- creator and reece-supporter. we all sat down and decided to sell our home of 13yrs and
          buy another one that we could develop in some way to increase our family wealth.using all our skills and
          talents with myself leading the team, we found the perfect property. the move was amazingly smooth and i
          missed it all- the team new what needed to happen. with our vision in mind our renovation and sub-division
          began. the incredible network i had created and have continued to grow and treasure came into play.
        


          my husband has shown our sons lifetime skills that will support them into their futures. innovated ideas,
          being a team player, making use of all our resources efficiently plus many more. within 12 months we have
          added an asset valued at $250k, finishing up our renovation on our home and ready to sell all and do it again.
          not only did we gain financial wealth, our family wealth as a team is totally enriched which is priceless!
          thank-you roger and your creation of wealth dynamics.
        



×





rustica lamb new zealand

          i happened to be in the water, and i asked to come out and serve me there! there have also been sad times,
          regretful times, and obviously stressful times. it came from playing a trader profile game, when i was a
          supporter profile, with a supporter profile husband. as it turns out ?loosing everything? (which was actually
          gaining clarity) and having to do things such as eat lentils to bulk out food, was the best thing that ever
          happened to us. it made us appreciate what we did have. we were still married, we were healthy, we lived in a
          safe and clean country and had a beautiful little girl who was happy and healthy. those things are hard to
          change if they go wrong. i would rather money problems than health problems any day.
        

          getting an understanding of financial planning was critical. attending the wealth dynamics boardroom club
          helped me turn around a cash flow of -$8000 per month in 2008 to positive cashflow of +$3000 per month in
          2011. 25% of our income is now positive cashflow. the two key people in my boardroom club were sheryl glasse
          and kenina court, and we met for 3 years. in 2009, it drove me back to my life career as instructional
          designer, learning consultant and trainer, where i have gone on to build a well known reputation in new
          zealand in this industry. this bought me income that would put me in the top 1% of earners in the country. it
          allowed me to shine in field. it was however exchanging time for money, and i was working out of the city of
          my family weekly and was getting tired. the other 2 pieces of advise i took from wealth dynamics was ?wealth =
          value times leverage? and ?supporters should find a creator to support?. i had a huge network of people doing
          what i was doing, from all the contract project work i had been doing. so i asked my self, ?how can i leverage
          what i am doing? and ?who could i approach to help them create more cash flow in their already successful
          business?. it turns out recruitment companies was where i was headed. (just like the book ?your life, your
          legacy? suggested and i had always resisted!) before wealth dynamics i would have run off to try and set one
          up, slowing the process and probably failing as there was little capital or knowledge for set up on my own.
        

          so i am happy to say, the first recruitment company on my list, did their due diligence, and we are now
          business partners. them money, me with time. we are set up and ready to launch when i get back from our 3
          month bali trip in july. he is a very clever entrepreneur, and i am learning so much from him. timing was also
          crucial. he made a comment to me that if i had approached him a year earlier, the timing wouldn?t have been
          right. i had a handful of friends also lost everything. those who don?t understand wealth dynamics, just can?t
          seem to move on, and are stuck, sad and broke. it was the xl members and ones who understood wealth dynamics,
          who are back on track and making things happen again. that?s because there is true magic and power in the
          knowledge of wealth dynamics?..if you choose to apply it.
        



×






            treska botha south africa
        

          imagine..possibility?reality story by treska botha the wealth dynamics kaleidoscope has rolled my life upside
          down. my personality and life has slotted into the colourful dimensions? and liberation and empowerment has
          catapulted my lifelong dreams into possible reality! i studied/trained to be a nurse ? just to seal my calling
          into which i was born. i realised all my life there were parts of my personality that were in flow and that
          caused tsunami?s of action and others where everybody seemed to misinterpret what i was doing and saying. when
          i completed the wealth dynamics personality profile of roger james hamilton, my work and life reeled past me
          in a colourful movie and i knew for sure why things were and what i needed to do next.
        

          my heart burns with compassion for sick people and when i bend down to listen, comfort, wash or bind up, i
          know i am in a moment of eternity, because all the stars and waves are in rhythm and time and schedules stand
          still? i am so completely fulfilled, it feels as if my heart flows out to my patient enveloping their hearts
          and my hands touching them bring comfort and relief that will change them forever. i see when they look into
          my eyes, they are comforted and trust me. in 2000 i was asked to establish a viable non-profit organization
          for people with multiple sclerosis in the western cape. my training and education helped me a lot, but my
          intuition and passion compelled me to surround myself with experts who helped me towards creating a
          heart-throbbing society that brought hope and help to those who had lost all hope.
        

          a group of people with a frightening disease shrouded in mysteries and clouded with controversies and heart
          ache leaving my patients alone and afraid in a void of denial and misconduct.. ( i learnt over the years how
          painful it was to fight archaic ideology, sluggish research, hostile governmental bias and above all the
          heartbreak but reality of the eternal lack of money that i realized even denied some of our patients to keep
          on living?) there was earth shattering creation of systems, databases, office space, networks of medical and
          paramedical practitioners, pioneering multi-disciplinary treatment for persons with ms, fundraisers and
          ambassadors. but sadly the enormous geographical area, the massive workload, lethargic help and lack of
          finances took their toll and i became a statistic of burnout. and so the society and my dreams. i am eternally
          grateful to roger for not only this course, but for his personal skype sessions with us, (kevin and tamsine
          and our group) his warmth and humour and brilliance that has brought me a deep sense of worth and belonging
          and given me the tools and efficiency to position myself again to get back and accomplish what i set out to
          do..
        

          as i look back i recognise my strengths and weaknesses, i have learnt so much through our course that i am
          confidant and empowered; not undervalued, underestimated and timid anymore. rogers? sharing of how he started
          out, his dream of a place of rest and healing resounds wholly with my dreams and visions for a place of rest
          and caring for my patients and their carers. (a week before roger spoke of the tree and the branches and the
          roots, our logo and slogan had come from the printers and i had it in the group, to show them? it was our tree
          with it?s roots that are our spiritual anchorage, the strong and dimensional trunk which is us standing tall
          for our fellow-man, the branches depict our network of precious people, the leaves symbolize the canopy that
          will provide shade, rest and peace in our haven and the fruit is the yield of our business that will encourage
          and provide for those in need.
        

          our slogan, business without boundaries, symbolizes growth and development in all our areas ie. w.h.e.r.e. ?.
          coincidence??…. no? ) i am mainly a star and also strongly a creator. we have been building our network
          business for a bit more than 2 years and we are holding our first meeting on tuesday, 24 april 2012 to launch
          the first steps to our long imagined dream. it has begun??. ? watch this space?..
        



×

















