


shorties candle company | great scented candles, wax melts & more




























rewards:loginaccount










fragrances




bakery
apple harvestapples & cinnamonbutter pecan piecaramel apple ciderchocolate fudge brownie™cinnamon barkcinnamon vanillacoffee houseiced lemon pound cakepumpkin soufflepumpkin walnut cheesecakevanilla beanvanilla maplewhite chocolate mint

earth
nag champaoakmoss & amberpalo santopinyon & patchoulisandalwoodsandalwood rosefloral
carnationenglish lavendergardeniahoneysucklehoneysuckle jasmine


jasminelilacplumeriarose petalsstargazer lilytrue rosewisteriafresh & clean
baby powderblue moon™cucumber meloncuddly cotton™eucalyptus leafeucalyptus spearmint


hawaiian sunrise™iced mint lavenderlemongrasstahoe pine™fruit & berry
apple afternoon™coconut cove™coconut lime verbenagrapefruitlemon blueberry twist™mango & papayaparadise pear™

holiday
autumn splendor™bayberry firchristmas evechristmas treedickens christmasfresh peppermintmistletoe moments™mulberrypomegranatesugarplum cranberry






products





shop by type
jar candles
natural 3 wick candles
natural single wick candles
natural wax melts
soy votive candles
tea light candles
tumblers
wax melts
shop by season
spring
summer


fall
winter
shop by holiday
valentine's day
easter
mother's day
father's day
independence day
halloween
thanksgiving
christmas
new year


shop by collection
bakery collection
earth collection
floral collection
fresh & clean collection
fruit & berry collection
holiday collection
candle accessories
candle care items
combo warmers
wax warmers


shop by color
beige
black
blue
brown
dark blue
dark red
green
grey
mint
orange
pink
purple
red


white
yellow
more collections
our strongest candles
shortie's favorites
great for gifts
housewarmers
for him
for her
what's new
most popular items






on sale








50% off all oops items  -factory secondseveryone makes mistakes, including us!  our mistake is your gain.  save 50% on all factory second items, get them while they last.










fundraisers




wholesale




contact










there is not currently any items in your cart


items:0

checkout











your browser does not support the html5 video element.











great candles, guaranteed
we are committed to providing top-quality products to our customers. if you have any problems or truly feel that it does not live up to your expectations, let us know and we will make it right. it's that simple.



earn free candles with every order*
for the best shortie’s experience, sign up for our free candlebucks™ rewards program. as a member, you will get exclusive access to offers, discounts, and more! learn more.



free or low flat rate shipping
we know that high shipping costs can sometimes make it hard to shop online, so we will pay all of your shipping* on orders over $49, or offer $3.99 flat rate shipping on everything else! learn more.












discover





seasonal best sellers





vanilla bean tealight candles 6-pack


vanilla bean wax melts - formula 117


english lavender tealight candles 6-pack


vanilla bean wax melts 2 pack - formula 117


eucalyptus leaf tealight candles 6-pack


rose petals tealight candles 6-pack


gardenia wax melts  - formula 117


vanilla bean wax melts 4 pack - formula 117


vanilla bean soy votive candles 6-pack


rose petals wax melts  - formula 117


bayberry fir tealight candles 6-pack


english lavender wax melts  - formula 117


floral wax melts variety pack - formula 117


eucalyptus spearmint wax melts  - formula 117


natural stargazer lily 3 wick candle


vanilla bean tealight candles 24-pack


fresh & clean wax melts variety pack - formula 117


honeysuckle wax melts - formula 117


natural honeysuckle jasmine soy wax melts 


gardenia tealight candles 6-pack








specials


social

testimonials
take10  % offwhen you opt in to email!                     enter your e-mail address below to receive exclusive offers, sales, news & more as well as 10% off on your first order.
shortie's  social mediafollow us on your favorite social networkfacebookinstagramtwitterpinterestshare with your friends!5 fun ways to share shortie's!share via:facebookgoogle plustwittertumblrshare via e-mail:« backstep 2: your name« backstep 3: your e-mail« backlast step: message« resetshare complete!thank you for sharing with your friends!

share your own




customer testimoniali have been purchasing candles for many years from different companies around the nation. i began buying my candles from shortie's over two months ago, and i can honestly state that i will never purchase any candles from any other company, other than shortie's, ever again! your candles are unequivocally the strongest in scents, the longest lasting, and the best variety that i have ever encountered. furthermore, you have an employee named georgia, whom i have had the pleasure of speaking to on a couple of occasions. georgia, in every way, is the very finest and most professional customer service rep that i have spoken with in many years! she is a true asset to your company! i can fully understand why, with candles like you produce, and with personnel, such as georgia, your company is successful and will continue to be so in the future! keep up the great product and the outstanding service! sincerely, dennisdennismiami, flread more...
customer testimoniali gave one apple afternoon plus a heating lamp to one friend that was visiting for her birthday and my friend #2 loved it so much she wanted one as well.  i give the heat lamps to everyone i know, with an apple afternoon. such a great gift, everyone i know loves them.  i hope you never stop making apple afternoon...it's a real hit with everyone.  if you do ever decide to not make it i hope you will let me know so i can stock up.  phyllisphyllisreno, nvread more...
customer testimoniali am enjoying the gardenia candle right now. it is such a wonderful candle just like the carnation one. these candles are by far the best ever!! will never be happy with other kind of candle. i have bought so many in the past because i love candles so much. it truly is one thing that relaxes me and these candles do the job for sure. my 20 year old son lights it for me and sets it close to where i sit when i come home from work. he knows how much i love these candles. thank you for allowing me to try them!!rayleen staffordconway, arread more...
customer testimoniali love, love, love shortie's scented candles.  especially nag champa and cappichino brulee!!  the scents are true and you can select the strength from mild to strong.  

hugs to everyone at shortie's!!!
deb ramseyn/a, ct
customer testimonialhello,
i want to give you a huge thank you for these 2 nice candles that i ordered from you!
they arrived today, very quickly,  pkg'd nicely, and of course in my favorite fragrance.  "apple cinnamon"
it is so nice to know you are there--
thank you again!
 
sincerely,
 
jackie s.jackieomak, wa
customer testimoniali was a long-time yankee candle customer - until i wanted hawaiian flower scents and found shortie's. shortie's has a larger, more delectable array of scents, better prices, and the best, friendliest customer service i have ever received. thanks!
lesleysanta maria, ca
customer testimoniali am a candle fanatic and have been a loyal henri bendel, bath & body and salt city shopper for years...but no more, they don't hold a candle to you!!  truly, you rock with amazing scent throw, clean burn, long lasting and just incredible heavenly scents.  top that off with excellant everyday prices and great specials, free shipping deals and last but not least...georgia who is by far the nicest customer service rep i have ever had the pleasure of dealing with!!  i am evermore a lifetime shortie's customer and just want to thank you for an awesome product sold by an a+ company!!  keep up the good work shortie's and georgia!pade p.fort benton, mtread more...
customer testimonialthese are the best candles i have ever purchased. my daughter has one of the chocolate fudge brownie candles in her guest bathroom and the sent fills the whole house with the smell of chocolate so i needed to have one for myself. i checked out the website and couldnt believe the selection of wonderful fragrences. needless to say i am on a mission to try each of them.each one i try is almost better than the last. customer service is the greatest. if you ever need to call you will probably talk to georgia, she is the best!! there are always great sales too, you must try these candles you wont be sorry!!cherylreno, nevadaread more...
customer testimonialall i have to say is "oh my gosh!!" i have the vanilla bean candle burning right now and it is fabulous! 100% better than salt city and so, so much better to deal with [i never thought i would say that!]  i am the ultimate candle person and never found a candle [except] salt city that the scent could smell all over the house!  who wants to only smell a candle when you put your nose right up on it! i met the owner and what a wonderful person! very knowledgeable too!!! i could tell she was the ultimate candle person like i am!  i am sooo happy to have found shortie's!!!!  i will buy from them again and again!  we are also going to be putting them in our giftshops where i work and i will be their biggest fan!!! highly recommend!!!! you will not be disappointed!!!!!!!!! try shortie's,you will be glad you did! great website too!!!  thank you! thank you!!!jeanie riggssparks, nevadaread more...
customer testimoniali just received  my shorties chocolate fudge brownie tea lights . oh my goodness ! the smell amazing !! hoping one day i can afford one of shorties original size candles !melanie goforthravenna, oh




share your testimonial
cancel

















the fresh & clean collectionfrom crisp and bitter citrus scents, to the smell of cuddly clean cotton, the fresh & clean collection features a wide range of fragrances that were created to soothe, relax, and revitalize your mood and soul.



baby powder
blue moon™
cucumber melon
cuddly cotton™
eucalyptus leaf


eucalyptus spearmint
hawaiian sunrise™
iced mint lavender
lemongrass
tahoe pine™

shop all fresh & clean candles






the floral collectionwhether you are looking for the perfect compliment to the real thing or a fantastic replacement, this collection features many of the best floral fragrances of spring and summer. 



carnation
english lavender
gardenia
honeysuckle
honeysuckle jasmine
jasmine


lilac
plumeria
rose petals
stargazer lily
true rose
wisteria

shop all floral candles






the earth collectionthere is something really quite spectacular about the smells that only come during this most special time of year. featuring a range of fragrances intended to add a touch of magic to your holiday season.



nag champa
oakmoss & amber
palo santo


pinyon & patchouli
sandalwood
sandalwood rose

shop all earth candles






the fruit & berry collectionfeaturing a wide range of sweet, tart, and juicy gifts from mother nature, ripened plump in the warm sun.  a wonderfully mouth-watering assortment of summer's finest fragrances.



apple afternoon™
black cherry
coconut cove™
coconut lime verbena


grapefruit
lemon blueberry twist™
mango & papaya
paradise pear™

shop all fruit & berry candles






the bakery collectionlike living next to a bakery, this collection has many yummy fragrances that are designed to entice your nose with the fantastic aromas that come from a gourmet treat shop.



apple harvest
apples & cinnamon
butter pecan pie
caramel apple cider
chocolate fudge brownie™
cinnamon bark
cinnamon vanilla


coffee house
iced lemon pound cake
pumpkin souffle
pumpkin walnut cheesecake
vanilla bean
vanilla maple
white chocolate mint

shop all bakery candles






the holiday collectionthere is something really quite spectacular about the smells that only come during this most special time of year. featuring a range of fragrances intended to add a touch of magic to your holiday season.



autumn splendor™
bayberry fir
christmas eve
christmas tree
dickens christmas


fresh peppermint
mistletoe moments™
mulberry
pomegranate
sugarplum cranberry

shop all holiday candles










fragrance collections

earth candles
fresh & clean candles
fruits & berry candles
bakery candles
floral candles
holiday candles

services

wholesale candles
candle fundraisers
private label



candle styles

jar candles
pillar candles
votive candles
tea-light candles
scented oil melters
view all candles


more links

testimonials
most popular
on sale
new products
our story
find a store
contact us

help topics

burning tips
f.a.q.'s
product guarantee
returning a product
mishandled merchandise
website problems
e-mail related issues
tracking a package
shipping information
privacy policy
security information






get shortie's in your inbox
have a question? call us!toll free at866-478-7268simplyemail us
shortie's and social mediacome & join the conversation!
© 2002 - 2025 shortie's candles llc  |  all rights reservedthank you for your visit to shortie's candle company™
x





