







home - department of economics




































































skip to content









 
2024 comparative analysis of enterprise data (caed) conference




















 







department of economics 












 











 











 



 











home
undergraduate 






undergraduate program 



 there are two different undergraduate degrees in the college of the liberal arts that a student may earn in economics at penn state. a bachelor of arts (eclba) or a bachelor of science degree (eclbs) in economics. a minor in economics is open to students enrolled in any college. the department offers a program of mentoring for students who want to pursue graduate education in economics (care). a departmental honors program provides a small group of outstanding students an opportunity for independent research and close contact with faculty and fellow students. 














academics










prospective students










major










minor










world campus










integrated undergrad-grad program










honors


















research










care program










research experiences










teaching faculty research






















student resources










advising










career enrichment network










economics courses










grader applications










modules










study abroad










transfer credits










valid excuses















m.a. program 






m.a. program 



penn state now offers a two-year program designated only for the m.a. degree in economics. the program provides rigorous training in econometrics and quantitative economics as well as in economic theory. it is ideal for those who pursue high level professional careers in industry and government, or further study for the ph.d. degree 














admission information










degree requirements










contact















ph.d . program 






ph.d. program 



with leading researchers in economic theory, econometrics, international economics, and macroeconomics, the economics department at penn state is an outstanding department. students who receive a ph.d. from penn state and whose doctoral research is excellent have been recruited and sought after by leading academic and research institutions: our ph.d. students have obtained tenure-track positions at chicago, harvard, johns hopkins, mit, northwestern, nyu, upenn and many more. 














admission information










degree requirements










graduate courses










qualifier exams










2024-2025 job market candidates










initial placements of ph.d. grads










contact















current job market candidates
people
research
seminars
alumni
 




 















 














welcome to the department of economics 



penn state’s economics department is dedicated to excellence in research and teaching. our mission is to conduct cutting-edge research in economics and to teach students at the undergraduate and graduate level the methodology and ideas of modern economics, with the goal of training the next generation of professional economists, for academia, the government, and the private sector.  











department remembers 



jonathan eaton 



jonathan eaton, our friend and colleague, and distinguished professor of economics, died at his home in manhattan on friday, february 9, 2024 at the age of 73. he is survived by his wife of forty years, carolyn and his two daughters, tamara and hannah and their spouses alfonso kimche and joseph crivello and his grandson, theodore kimche. born in los angeles, california on may 27, 1950, jonathan was the brother of the late ellen hawley.we are planning an event to celebrate jonathan’s memory at our fresh faces in international economics conference in early may. we will post updated information as soon as available. 







 
learn more











news 



 






department remembers jonathan eaton 






 



 







 






daniel xu, ’07 economics, received the robert e. lucas jr. prize 






 






the research of our phd student, jen-kuan wang, is discussed in this article in the atlantic. 






 






congratulations to jiaqi ren on being awarded the rosenberg liberal arts centennial scholarship for the 2024-2025 academic year. 






 






congratulations to marcos lissauer who received the robert daniels dissertation fellowship for the fall of 2024 






 







 
more news











upcoming events 



 






february 17, 2025 | 3:00 pm 



ryan monarch – syracuse university 






 






february 18, 2025 | 3:15 pm 



bo zhou – virginia tech 






 






february 19, 2025 | 3:45 pm 



illenin o. kondo – federal reserve bank of minneapolis 






 






february 21, 2025 | 11:00 am 



axel anderson – georgetown university 






 







 
more seminars




















department of economics 















contact info 



 


 
403 kern building,the pennsylvania state university university park, pa 16802




 
814-865-1457





 
814-863-4775





 
prd138@psu.edu











quick links 







 
make a gift





 
economics advising





 
diversity





 
american economic association





 
women in economics society











centers 







 
capcp center for the study of auctions, procurements, and competition policy





 
crifes center for research on international financial and energy security











follow us 



 


icon-twitter-x
 










 
























							copyright ©2025 the pennsylvania state university | privacy and legal statements | accessibility statement | website designed by information technology liberal arts 						










login














   









































