

bibleschoolresources.net: a free repository of teaching resources for children's bible classes















home
what's new
resource key
print help
forums

resources
topical ot
topical nt
the living way
new living bible
hanna ot
hanna nt
vbs materials
adult materials
teaching methods

articles
just christians
know you are saved
rational thinking






  







train up a child in the way he should go,
and when he is old he will not depart from it.
proverbs 22:6



welcome to our on-line collection of free bible school resources for teaching children. available resources include crosswords, mazes, and other bible lesson worksheets. also available are preschool age books for teaching bible concepts, ideas for games, rewards programs, other methods for reinforcing lessons, and now, entire vacation bible school (vbs) packages. it is our intent to eventually provide a set of age-appropriate resources for all bible topics. the collection is far from complete, and more resources are being added as fast as possible. 


these resources are not intended to serve as a bible school program, but are instead to supplement or augment existing programs. materials may be used in classes to reinforce lessons or as take home assignments to encourage children to share and discuss what they have learned with their parents. a reward system may be used to encourage children to complete the materials if used as homework. parents may use the materials at home separate from bible school if desired.


we intend to provide several views of the material in order to aid in use with existing curricula. a topical index is provided for general use. in addition, we plan to include indices for the following existing curricula: lambert book house's the living way and new living bible lessons and hanna publications' reusable worksheets. 


we also recommend the following:

discovery:
a magazine for children about the bible and science.
truth for the world:
free on-line bible courses for teens to adults.
searching for truth:
a free series of videos by the world video bible school

apologetics press:
publishes materials relevant to christian evidences. on-line bookstore.


join the bibleschoolresource.net forums!
these forums are for open discussion of methods, issues, curricula, an other ideas related to 
teaching god's word to children.


did you know the bible says we can know we are saved? learn more here.





this site is dedicated to the furtherance of the christian faith in its purity and entirety. it is operated strictly on a volunteer basis and on private funds.



© 2003-2021 bibleschoolresources.net.
all materials may be duplicated freely for non-commercial use only so long as the copyright statement is not removed and contents are not altered or extracted for use elsewhere. artwork is copyrighted by various sources and used by permission. no artwork may be copied or used separate from the worksheets of which they are part.


all scripture quotations, unless otherwise indicated, are taken from the new king james version®. copyright © 1982 by thomas nelson, inc. used by permission. all rights reserved. 



send suggestions or comments to: 






  





