












































administrative guide













          skip to main content
        

          skip to secondary navigation
        

stanford university (link is external)







stanford

 
administrative guide





search this site

submit search



menu
homechapters1. guiding policies and principles2. human resources3. financial administration4. giving to stanford5. purchasing and payments6. computing7. health and safety8. services9. organization charts10. student employment and assistantships11. global activitiesabout the guidechange request guidelinesfrequently asked questionscontactwhat's new



     administrative guide
    














 

































main content start



 



the administrative guide is stanford's collection of guidelines that govern workplace interactions, approaches, procedures, and processes
highlighted policies:





 







 














travel cards
the purpose and use of stanford travel cards (tcards) for authorized business travel promotes effective financial stewardship and links to updated resources on fingate.  

          review agm 5.4.3: travel cards
        










 














annual policy reminder
review important information and key policies in the administrative guide.

          view the annual policy reminder
        










 














disability and family leaves
the term of “designated person” was added to the list of individuals for which an employee can take leave under the california family rights act (cfra).

          review agm 2.3.5, section 2
        















    back to top
  







questions about the guide?

contact the administrative guide editor in university human resources:
cardinal hall, 5th floor, mail code 8443
redwood city, ca 94063 united states
email: guide-editor@lists.stanford.edu
if you are a policy owner or designee and need to update a policy, send email to: guide-editor@lists.stanford.edu with your request. if you are ready to request a policy update or housekeeping update for a specific guide memo, please refer to the change request guidelines page.











stanford

 
administrative guide





address

university human resources
505 broadway
cardinal hall, 5th floor, mail code 8443
redwood city, ca 94063
united states




policy chapters


1. guiding policies and principles


2. human resources


3. financial administration


4. giving to stanford


5. purchasing and payments


6. computing


7. health and safety


8. services


9. organization charts


10. student employment and assistantships


11. global activities




related resources


cardinal at work website


faculty handbook


financial gateway


graduate academic policies and procedures handbook


hr at stanford


postdoctoral scholar handbook


research policy handbook


undergraduate academic policies


stanford safety, security and fire report


stanford today


academic staff-teaching and other teaching staff handbook





website feedback
your feedback about the administrative guide website will be carefully reviewed.
submit your feedback








stanforduniversity (link is external)





stanford home (link is external)

maps & directions (link is external)

search stanford (link is external)

emergency info (link is external)



terms of use (link is external)

privacy (link is external)

copyright (link is external)

trademarks (link is external)

non-discrimination (link is external)

accessibility (link is external)




© stanford university.
  stanford, california 94305.



 






