













haggadahs-r-us | the haggadah store
















































 












haggadahs-r-us














menupassoverbenchersshabbatsiddurpostersothermy cart








 



passover haggadot — deep discounts for quantity orders
these are our best-sellers.
 
a different night, classic edition — the family participation haggadah, first published in 1997, over 165,000 sold.  this is the haggadah that challenged the maxwell house model of a script, in favor of family members leading/teaching parts of the seder.  includes 20 representations of the four children, going back to 1526; and a storytellers supplement.
 
a different night, compact edition — slimmed down version, full traditional text and most of the popular pieces from the original, including all of the four children art.  very popular for synagogue or hillel seders.  over 130,000 sold to date.
 
a night to remember — the haggadah of contemporary voices, the sequel to a different night.  commentators are from the current era, living or recently living, and include not just rabbis, also novelists, poets, political figures.  art by michel kichka.  published 2007, over 66,000 sold to date.
 
the human rights haggadah — by rabbi shlomo levin.  a full traditional haggadah, with special sections on workers rights, reproductive rights, and refugees.  great discussion starters for a family that wants to bring today’s issues into today’s seder.
 
the yedid nefesh haggadah — by rabbi josh cahan, author of the yedid nefesh bencher.  traditional text, commentary by the author.  strives to be “the maxwell house for thr 21st century,” a book that everyone can use.  published 2024.
 
 the passover haggadah graphic novel — and now, for something completely different!  the haggadah — with full traditional text — told as a graphic novel.  this book isn’t for everybody — but for the “visual learners” at your table, it’s superb!
 
richard codor’s joyous haggadah — a children’s cartoon haggadah, ideal for a kids-only seder or a family that wants a very short seder.  poblished 2008, over 92,000 sold.
 











the haggadah store


shop now 







a different night, a night to remember, joyous haggadah...


shop now 







we also have posters and benchers


shop now 






previous



next






featured haggadah 


a different night classic
 
see more




a different night compact
 
see more




a night to remember
 
see more




joyous haggadah
 
see more












featured author


josh cahan
rabbi joshua cahan is an author and tefilah educator in new york city with many years of experience in high schools and camps. he teaches courses in the development of jewish liturgy and has published numerous articles on liturgy and talmud. his first book, the yedid nefesh bencher, has sold over 100,000 copies since its publication in 2009. he holds rabbinic ordination and a ph.d. in talmud from the jewish theological seminary.










featured product

yedid nefesh haggadah
early reviews — from people who used the beta edition last year:
we loved it. loved it!  the overall feeling – both spoken and felt – was that the simplicity of it made for a much more deep and gratifying seder experience. we were able to jump off the page more, go deeper into our own questions, use the text and almost no supplementary pages, and it worked. it was really one of the best seders i’ve ever conducted. kol hakavod!
— rabbi ilana garber, rabbinical assembly
the transliteration was really helpful [for my daughter]. it was amazing to watch her use the haggadah and be able to access parts she has not been able to in the past and was so gratifying for her to be able to participate in the singing in a more full way. as a hebrew reader, i appreciated that the transliteration was not obtrusive to me, but easily available to those who need it. thank you so much for creating this haggadah, it will for sure fit a need for our family.
— aviva s., cambridge, ma
the yedid nefesh haggadah takes the beauty and accessibility of the bentscher to the passover seder. the layout is beautiful, the source material and essays are inspirational and explanatory, and the illustrations add to the whole experience in a beautiful and meaningful way. can’t wait to use this at my passover seder this year!
— rabbi josh warshawsky


i have long hoped someone would create a haggadah that everyone at my table could use. it would need to be complete yet accessible, stimulating for seder veterans and inviting and usable for newcomers. and most importantly, it would need to be small and light enough to hold in one hand (so many fabulous haggadot are too big!). so i am incredibly grateful to my old friend, rabbi joshua cahan, for answering my prayers. the yedid nefesh haggadah is all these things–a perfect haggadah for the entire seder table. highly recommended.
— rabbi josh feigelson, institute for jewish spirituality


thanks, rabbi joshua cahan for creating this fantastic new resource —  looking forward to sharing it with our students and community!

— michael simon, northwestern hillel



 













about us
what makes a great haggadah?  what makes a great seder?  haggadahs-r-us has been answering that question since 1997, mostly with two haggadot by noam zion.  the family participation haggadah: a different night broke the mold of the american seder in 1997.  it’s a full traditional haggadah, but no maxwell house, no “uncle fred, it’s your turn to read a paragraph.”  it starts with a “bare bones basic” seder, the 30 minutes of stuff you have to do.  but for each part, it offers short texts you can use to start lively discussions.  and 20 versions of the four children, spanning 500 years!  in 2007 we added a night to remember: the haggadah of contemporary voices — a similar idea, but lavishly illustrated and full of voices that are living or recently living, activities for a children’s seder, or a seder focused on women’s issues, poetry, great stories, israel & holocaust, and more.
p.s. this is not a supermarket. we only sell stuff that we have used and love.  a different night and a night to remember each come with a seder planner to help you pick the pieces that will make your seder lively and memorable, and different every year.   and we offer large discounts if you buy 2 or more, even larger for orders of 10 or more. we have a haggadah for children, richard codor’s joyous haggadah, and one in spanish, una noche de libertad.  and new: the yedid nefesh haggadah and the human rights haggadah.
see all of our books, benchers, posters, and more.  have questions about our store, please send us an email and we will do our best to answer you.









haggadahs-r-us


passover
benchers
shabbat
siddur
posters
other
 


216.321.6734
jbgelles@gmail.com


























