




gemewizard: home










  
































				
				about us
			



								
								milestones
							



								
								our clients
							



								
								testimonials
							



								
								our team
							





				
				news and events
			



								
								news
							



								
								press releases
							



								
								articles and blogs
							



								
								videos
							





				
				store
			



								
								gemeprice
							



								
								gemepro
							



								
								courses
							



								
								additional products
							





				
				products & services
			



								
								gem trade services
							



												
												for buyers
											



														
														mygemewizard
													



														
														gemeprice
													





												
												for merchants
											



														
														gemewizard inside
													



														
														self certification
													





												
												for marketplaces
											



														
														color search engine
													



														
														big data consultancy
													



														
														fraud detection and prevention
													







								
								gemological services
							



												
												for gemologists
											



														
														gemesquare
													



														
														gemepro
													





												
												gwlab
											







				
				education
			



								
								gem color academy
							



												
												colored stones grading course
											



												
												colored diamonds grading course
											





								
								education programs for schools
							



								
								gem encyclopedia
							





				
				support
			



								
								downloads
							



								
								how to calibrate your monitor
							





				
				research
			



				
				contact us
			




















color grading apps
 
	intuitive tools for traders enabling gem grading, pricing and trading on-the-go 












color communication solutions
 
	14,000+ users around the world use gemewizard's state-of-art patented technology 












gem pricing tools
 
	allocating prices to diamonds, colored diamonds, colored stones and jewelry according to the color codes generated by gemewizard® 












gem color education
 
	providing gem grading knowledge via a unique interactive e-learning interface 












laboratory services
 
	the world's only gemological laboratory that specializes in the analysis and grading of color 





















featured products




























news and updates







looking to the future: the challenge of predicting color in the finished gem


	one of the most sought-after and hard-earned talents that one seeks from a rough gem buyer is the ability to predict the eventual appearance...
				


				read more
			








gemewizard article: a caribbean lagoon mystery, seen in tanzanite


	we took a photo of a tanzanite gem to capture its merged green/blue color and analyzed it to define its overall color, as seen by the human...
				


				read more
			








challenges in color (part 3): mapping the commercial names of gems


	commercial names, or trade names, are commonly used by merchants and buyers, and usually symbolize top quality, rare shades of gems. their...
				


				read more
			








company divisions








gem trade services

	gemewizard’s products and services are tailored to serve the different players in the gem trade, the buyers, the sellers (under this category you would find gem companies, manufacturers, distributors, merchants) and marketplaces. the differentiation is due to the different needs of each segment...
 read more 









gemological services

	gemewizard’s products and services intended for professionals in gemology, such as gemologists and appraisers, include gemesquare™ and gemepro™ for precise communication, grading, analysis and documentation of color in gems, and gemeprice™ for obtaining up-to-date pricing information of colored diamonds, diamonds, gemstones and jewelry based on actual prices of gems on sale in the internet at any given time. gemesquare™ and gemepro™ are also intended for gemological laboratories for color grading and analysis...
 read more 









education

	gemewizard has always considered education to be one of its top priorities. it was true in the early years, when the gemological institue of america (gia®) endorsed the gemesquare™ in 2006 and incorporated it into its curriculum, after a long collaboration process to define the exact color grades, and it is truer today with development and introduction of our comprehensive online color grading courses. in fact, since the endorsement of the gia®, over 10,000 gia® students have studied the gemewizard tools. since 2010, gemewizard has an ongoing collaboration with ige...
 read more 









research & development

	since its establishment in 1974, the gwlab laboratory (formerly g.i.p.s. and e.g.c.) has aimed to be among the leading researchers in the fields of gems and gemology. as such, the laboratory team led by menahem sevdermish, fga d. litt., has been conducting researches and investigations covering a wide variety of issues, some of which were later published by the world-renowned industry-related magazines...
 read more 









©  2020 gemewizard. all rights reserved.



	          	created by infinity
	          












