









ad




























ad


bio


md interview




disco


recording art




endorse


media


pictures 1
pictures 2




news


contact


dash










aynsley dunbar
j u s t  d r u m s


ï„‡









welcome


and thank you for dropping by my official aynsley dunbar web site.  i feel really great about the site and i hope you enjoy aynsleydunbar.com as much as i enjoyed putting it together for you.  one of my primary goals fo this site is to share my experiences as professional drummer over the last 40 years in the music business.  some of you know, and others don't, that i have been lucky enough to play with some of the industry's most successful bands and musicians, including; john mayall, frank zappa, john lennon, journey, jefferson starship, jeff beck, herbie mann, eric burdon and the new animals, ufo, david bowie, whitesnake and many, many others.
 
my recent session work has allowed me to collaborate again with some of the world's finest musicians and i look forward to an immensely musically fulfilling future with ready sticks.  you can also find me playing with my mates in the world classic rockers.  i always enjoy meeting my fans at these events and really appreciate your support over the many years i have been hitting the skins.  i'd like to share my experiences with you and will be updating the site with current gigs and photos of gig.  i will also try and surprise you with some blasts from my past.
 
please sign my guest book and check out my news page where i have the latest updates.
 
cheers,
 
aynsley
 














aynsley and sting connect


may 1, 2018


aynsley and sting recently connected backstage at a show.  aynsley was honored by sting who told him he was a fan of his ad retaliation band.






latest news from aynsley








rock n roll hall of fame event


april 7, 2017


on april 7th, aynsley was officially inducted into the rock n roll hall of fame with his old band mates from journey.  see it on hbo!

read more






rock n roll hall of fame


december 16, 2016


on april 7th, 2017 aynsley is being inducted into the rock n roll hall of fame with his old band mates from journey.

read more










 



"aynsley dunbar"


"did you ever meet someone who speaks only when it matters?  and who means everything he says?  aynsley dunbar plays drums like that. not content to fill a song with superfluous drum chatter, aynsley strikes each note with the conviction that comes from knowing exactly what can and should be done at any given moment.  at the same time, he maintains the freedom to respond to whatever is being played by the musicians around him.  if one word was needed to describe aynsley's style, that word would be eloquent"
 
modern drummer magazine






sign aynsley's guestbook




















































































































































































































































































































































































