

















st. agnes academy-st. dominic school 



































quick links
careers

















about


about



with two rigorous single-gender schools and a strong culture that cultivates young people of strong principle, the dominican community of schools is a nurturing place of learning unlike any other in memphis. take a closer look at who we are.







message from the president



leadership



history



career opportunities



gallery



campus directory



news



faculty / staff directory



safety preparedness








admissions


admissions



families can apply at any time of year for st. agnes academy for girls or st. dominic school for boys. learn more about the admissions process to both schools, and let us know how we can help.







welcome



inquire and apply



admissions process



why a girls' school



schedule a tour



admissions videos



tuition and financial aid



why a boys' school



now that you're accepted...








academics


academics



with rigorous coursework, student-focused teachers, and access to leading edge technology, both of our schools are known for developing strong, high-achieving learners. dig a little deeper into these challenging and diverse academic offerings. 







early childhood (ecc) pk2-jk



st. dominic k-6



st. agnes k-6



jr. high grades 7-8 



st. agnes 9-12



grades k-8 counseling



upper school counseling center



library








campus life


campus life



students of all passions and talents belong at the dominican community of schools. both st. agnes academy for girls and st. dominic school for boys offer extensive opportunities in leadership, athletics, the arts, publications, and clubs. explore the possibilities.







arts



athletics



clubs & activities



health services



spiritual life



serving our community



performance institute



a tradition of  brotherhood



a tradition of  sisterhood



extended day activities



dining services



summer



spirit shop








alumni


alumni



welcome home, alumnae/i. to so many of us, this community is more like a family—so we are eager to stay in touch! whether you attended st. agnes academy for girls or st. dominic school for boys, we’d love to hear where you are and how your future is unfolding.







st. agnes alumnae



st. dominic alumni



alumnae/i events



information update



hall of fame



reunions








support


support



this unique community of faith and belonging would not be possible without the dedicated support of parents, alumnae/i, grandparents, faculty and friends who make contributions to the dominican community of schools. see the different ways you can join in their legacy.







support



the annual fund



endowment & scholarships



planned giving



special events



meet our team
































                    st. agnes
academy for girls                                             pk2-12










                    st. dominic
school for boys                                             pk2-8


the dominican community ofschools
belong.





two schools. one community.
here we teach in two separate schools, on one campus. intentionally. we understand that boys and girls learn differently, behave differently, and develop emotionally in very different ways.
at st. agnes academy for girls, we guide young women to be who god meant them to be through a challenging curriculum alongside supportive educators dedicated to the faith formation, academic success and character development of each young woman.
at st. dominic school for boys, we are dedicated to the formation of young men who are intellectually curious, emotionally resilient, and spiritually mature while developing life-long bonds of brotherhood.
since our founding in 1851, we have provided academic excellence in an environment where every student receives the love and confidence that fuel achievement and success. we invite you to find out more about our two single-gender schools and to schedule a personal tour of our beautiful campus.
request informationschedule a tourapply

find out more about our commitment to the four pillars of dominican tradition below.


study
prayer
community
service






study
 × 



we belong where we can soar.
we have high expectations of our students, and we create an environment where each student can thrive. small class sizes and attentive teachers help students find their most successful selves.
learn more
 










prayer
 × 



we belong to god.
the foundation of our community is our faith. from chapel to the classroom to the way we treat one another, our faith guides all that we do.
learn more










community
 × 



we belong to a school family.
we have long been committed to creating an environment where every student feels the love and confidence that fuels achievement and success. we live daily lives of respect, support and kindness. you will not find a more supportive school community.
learn more










service
 × 



we belong in the world.
we know that we are part of a larger community beyond the walls of our schools and that we are called to serve our brothers and sisters. we cultivate a drive to serve.
learn more







the dominican community of schools is more than a campus where you’ll find two challenging schools. it is a single community of faith and respect; of principle and purpose.



    school calendar
        athletics calendar
25-26 school calenda..
24-25 school calenda..



view more



news


caroline conrad "crush it" award



saa seniors named germantown youth ..



junior high basketball teams excel,..



the tradition continues! the class ..



junior high hispanic club builds aw..



the 24th annual saa outstanding alu..

more news







"there is no place like saa.  every girl that attends can find some place that feels like home.  whether it is the theatre, the softball field, the math lab, or the science lab, there is a comfort in this place.  i believe that it is more than acceptance.  there is always an invitation to belong, to be involved.  you will find it all over this campus."
ann neal, fine arts department chair & director of the upper school theatre program


"my favorite thing about saa is the environment of support that is constantly present. no matter how my day is going, there is always someone that is next to me—a teacher, a friend, or a coach—who supports my endeavors, encourages me through the difficult times, and challenges me to work hard even if i fail."
abby williams, saa '19


"st. dominic was, in my opinion, the best possible preparation for high school and college that i could have received in memphis. not only did my teachers lay an excellent foundation for understanding higher-level math, science, and humanities, but they also taught me discipline in applying myself for totally new subjects that i came across later in high school and college."
michael gattas sds ’10 & duke university ’18


"we have come a long way as a class and have created a brotherhood like no other. we’ve shared many memories that have helped sculpt our class into who we are today: unique brothers who aspire to live by the four pillars in our daily life, while having a little fun."
dr nunn sds ’18


"st. agnes – st. dominic is a place where the sense of community is strong.  when we walked through the doors of the early childhood center to tour, it immediately felt like home for our family."
ellen minderman, parent


"my experience attending junior high at st. agnes academy gave me confidence, socially and academically, as i moved onto high school. i value my time spent there, interacting with students from st. dominic school and forming lifelong friendships, as we established a strong foundation for our future." 
sarah mcfadden, saa ‘21


"st. agnes academy prepared me for college due to the high quality of work expected, coupled with the high quality instruction given on how to produce such work. teachers across departments expect and believe that all students should and are capable of achieving, and therefore, they are constantly ready to provide the help necessary to gain a holistic understanding of the material."
madeline hanson, saa ’15 & a senior at the university of north carolina at chapel hill


there is no better place to learn and grow as a young man. when i completed my years at st. dominic, i felt confident and ready for high school.
david martin, sds class of 2017






applyinquire give 







st. agnes academy for girls is an outstanding catholic, private school in memphis, tn for girls in grades pk2-12.
st. dominic school for boys is an outstanding catholic, private school in memphis, tn for boys in grades pk2-8.

privacy policy
contact us

4830 walnut grove rd.memphis, tn 38117901.767.1377




 
© 2025 st. agnes academy-st. dominic school. all rights reserved














questions for our admissions team?-

what question(s) can i answer for you today? someone from our admissions team will be contacting you shortly.

name*




e-mail*




question?*





thanks for submitting the form.































