



	northern california's premier resource guide for film, video, and multimedia
































reel directory




classifieds
categories
about
pricing
contact
sign in
join
my account

account information
sign out


















reel directory
northern california's premier resource for 40+ years




-- all areas --bay areacentral coastcentral valleynorth baysacramento-sierra-tahoealamedaalpineamadorbuttecalaverascolusacontra costacookel doradofresnoglennhumboldtlakelassenmaderamarinmariposamendocinomercedmonomontereynapanevadaplacerplumassacramentosan benitosan franciscosan joaquinsan luis obisposan mateosanta clarasanta cruzshastasierrasiskiyousolanosonomastanislaussuttertehamatrinitytuolumneyoloyuba





view all categories >




covid-19
compliance officer registry






covid-19 testing
listings































categories









						 
                show alphabetically











serving norcal since 1978















often referred to as the "bible for the industry", the reel directory offers thousands of verified listings of qualified crew, equipment and support services, providing an invaluable service to producers and production companies from around the world who need access to the northern california film production community when a shoot is scheduled in our area.















my main source
the reel directory is my main source of acquiring new clients for my business. thanks rd.
mike greenrvs




$10,000+ i made on a cold call

											i'm still spending the $10,000+ i made on a cold call from my reel directory listing that netted me 4 weeks of work with rentals along with a 
                    chance to try out the flying trapeze hair, raising helicopter rides over and down into the grand canyon and raft rides through it as well.
										
charles griswoldlittle giant lighting & grip




the place people in this industry go
the reel directory “reely” seems to be the place people in this industry go for gear and crew. i get a lot of calls and i use it to find people too. i'm really happy with the results!
rob darcyjib world llc




important part of the local film community
it would be a great loss to the community if the reel directory were not around. it's a very important part of the local film community. thank you for keeping it alive and well.
caitlin maynardnorth beach films




my bible for the film industry
the reel directory is my bible for the film industry in the bay area and i don't leave home without it.  it's my source for everything film related.  no doubt my ad generates new business.
andrew lewisthe prop house




good luck, good fortune and good people
the reel directory is the source of good luck, good fortune and good people.  it has helped our business tremendously and we always want to be the top ad!
chris costellochristopher's catering




a crew in from canada today who found us
we have received a few jobs from our listing since we signed up.  even had a crew in from canada today who found us on the site!
joe breen2 ktvu studio productions




it's a great reference
it's a great reference for anyone who wants to be in the media business.
lope yap jr.dga




when i need to look up something
i use the reel directory when i need to look up something or make recommendations.
catbird blumcatbird souts




a tool to generate business
i use the reel directory as a tool to gain business, refer business and generally, generate business.
mark redmondlocation scout




all in the reel directory
it's my favorite place to go when anyone asks for something. you want a greensmen, a stuntman?  it's all in the reel directory.
mark warrenart director




invaluable
if i could put a dollar figure to how many jobs i have gotten from the reel directory...uncountable.
christopher knoxproducer/have crew will travel




all...in one place
it provides one cohesive place where someone can find all of their needs in one place.  we get lots of calls with people saying we saw you ad in the reel directory.
steve condiottidtc grip & electric




family in the bay area
it's not just a book or a directory, for me it's about a family in the bay area. it's an amazing feeling to be part of this community.
mike woodmediaworks productions




it gives us credibility
it gave us a chance to get our name out there.  it feels like it gives us credibility to be in the reel directory and with that we have been able to land some pretty big contracts.
michael chinggrant avenue productions




a really great reference
i've used it so many times. it's a really great reference. 
hiro naritaasc




the number one resource
the reel directory to me, is the link to the entire film community in northern california. it's the number one resource tool.  it has everything right at your fingertips.  it's a tool in the toolbox. i literally keep mine in my toolbox.  one in the car and one in my toolbox because you never know when you're going to need it.
sean houseouthouse productions




reel directory means big business
reel directory means big business. it was my source for getting into the industry and staying in the industry.
jim baldwinbaldwin productions/locations




the only marketing i use
it's a very important part of my marketing.  in fact, it's the only marketing i use.
josh koralacme senary




calls...for 10 years from 1 book
when i first move here, i put an ad in the reel directory.  i kept getting calls on the ad for 10 years from 1 book.  i would always ask people where did i get referred from and they would say the reel directory.
gerard angeg.a.p. international




the go to book for information
i got my first job in the bay area through the reel directory. it's thee go to book for information and finding people.  whatever you need, it's in the reel directory.
paul martindga




brought us a lot of business
we always ask our customers where they found us. we have been really happy with our ad in the reel directory.  it has brought us a lot of business.
alan bealescresco productions express




bible for the industry
i think of it as the bible for the industry in the bay area.
kari wishingradactress, v/o




creates a sense of community
it's gotten me many, many, many jobs. the reel directory creates a sense of community. producers who come to the bay area may not use it but when they find out it hear they will use it the next time.
david hakimdga




i love the reel directory
i love the reel directory.  it has proven over and over to be the number one source for anyone looking for any stage, film or video resource in the greater bay area. you provide and essential service.
bruce hamadyacme spots/b. hamady productions




look forward...to increasing our advertising
we got 2 projects out of our advertising this year and look forward as we get results to start increasing our advertising once again with you.
julie setboniprobe solutions




an amazing catalog
i actually used your directory the other day to contact some film commissions and i love it!  what an amazing catalog you put out!!
elena altmanmovie making throughout the bay (mmtb)

















our pricing
maximize your brand with additional premium features!







get listed
$50

								one time fee for a
								lifetime membership
							

								$50 for the first category
								$10/ea additional category
							

								annual update required
								no fee to renew
							

learn more







premium upgrade
$20/mo
fitler above basic listings
show your photo/logo
add social media links

learn more







keyword search
$48/mo
premium features plus...
filter above premium listings
top of the search results
highlighted with red border

learn more







online banner ads
$28 - $240


headline
$240/mo


home page
$145/mo


tab page
$32/mo


category
$28/mo



										premium upgrade included
										with banner purchase
									



learn more











classifieds
find your next gig!







casting notices





paid gigs





non-paid gigs/internships





equipment sales









contact
we love connecting with you. let us know how we can help.









info@reeldirectory.com



(415) 531-9760











your message has been sent. thank you!


























 refresh


send message














reel directory
we are northern california's premier resource for 40+ years. tap into the industry that directly or indirectly employs 500,000+ people in california alone! contact us today to discuss your marketing needs.




about us

about us
pricing
privacy policy





categories

location services & stages
production & creative
crew services





 

equipment
set, props & wardrobe
talent services





 

audio & post production
resources & support
all categories







© copyright reel directory. all rights reserved.























