

black douglas professional education services
















email: doug@blackdouglas.com.au  
 
mobile: +61 401 177 775 




 

black  douglas  professional  education  services
4/71 greenhill road    bayswater north    victoria    3153    australia









abn 97 944 379 342  


welcome 


black douglas was established in 1993 to support mathematics education. we launched our first web site in the latter part of the 90s. since then we have developed several divisions. we invite you to explore and enjoy.

click an image to enter its division. 




browsing hint

use the view/zoom options of your browser to 'move' the page closer or further away.
in firefox and ie the zoom buttons are ctrl +, ctrl - and ctrl 0.

















mathematics centre 
a world of alternatives to text-based learning

professional development built around all students learning to work like a mathematician (working mathematically).
hands-on problem solving etasks from mathematics task centre.
enhancing the number sense of primary children through the calculating changes network.
maths at home for homework projects, home schooling and lockdown learning.
links to maths300 for whole class investigation lesson plans.
a wide range of resources including poly plug, picture puzzles, menu maths, working mathematically with infants and maths with attitude emanuals.
research and classroom stories, web papers and much more.

all children can learn to work like a mathematician.
 







 










black douglas video 
video books, video cards & video fun

video books are a re-imagined reading format uniting printed page, audio and video. source of the unique learning to read series titled 'what did dora do today?'

video cards personalised as you request to celebrate birthdays of friends and family. choose from our many unique digital templates.

video fun is just that. our youtube channel of experimental videos. you are invited to explore, analyse and criticise.









 










summerhays cottage 
a holiday to remember for couples

summerhays cottage, cape woolamai, phillip island, australia, offers self-contained motel style accommodation in a spacious cottage bordered by a tranquil garden with a large deck area. it is close to beaches, nature walks, churchill island, san remo, newhaven, rhyll, cowes and many other sites and activities. perfect for two.









 










community service 
rubaga youth development association, kampala, uganda

black douglas provides web space, time and financial support for ryda. we have been associated with this worthy non-government (ngo), non-denominational, christian organisation for more than a decade. its aim is to teach life and vocational skills to street youths and other orphaned and vulnerable children.

ryda cannot continue its work without generous and sustained first world donations. we invite you to join us in this project.









 










travel writing & photography 
just for interest when you have time

you will find this building in malmö, sweden. it is known as the turning torso. the design is based on the characteristics of a human backbone twisting in exercise.

work has drawn me to many places such as this but there is no place like home. australia is unique. writings and photographs in this section are almost exclusively about the great south land.









 
who is black douglas?    ...    why black douglas?







