






































    
    gilmour psychological services
  
  












              

 




       home



  about



  services



  find a psychologist



  resources


   e-book: building personal resilience



  frequently asked questions & client concerns



  helpful apps



  videos



  links





  careers & training



  contact us






     english
en



  français
fr











    
 





        caring, confidential, competent and ethical psychological services.
   

book a consultation


 



    our vision

 throughout the 40 years that gps has been present here in ottawa, we have created a caring, confidential, competent and ethical private practice, with psychological services to assess and treat a broad range of difficulties and disorders across the age span.

  

about us




    discover our services




        
  



 





  assessments
 psychodiagnostic, adhd, neuropsychological, child custody and access assessments and more.



      
  



   







  therapy
 our psychologists are well trained in a variety of psychotherapy and counselling approaches.



      
  



   










  family
 invaluable professional help focusing on helping families navigate conflict and difficult situations.





        
  



   









  children
 sessions specializing in cognitive behavioural therapy for children as well as play therapy.



      
  



   






  couples counselling
 many couples find therapy extremely helpful to work through challenges in their relationships and grow together.



      
  



 





  training
 training for practicum students as well as supervised practice opportunities.





     

view all services




    resources

 read our ebook, faqs and access other mental health resources




    explore our ebook –building personal resilience


 building personal resilience: a guide to positive living
is meant to improve the quality of your life, to develop insight into yourself and others.

  

read more


  frequently asked questions and client concerns


 what is the difference between a psychologist and a psychiatrist? learn about this as well as common client concerns in our faq.

  

read more


  helpful apps we recommend with download links


 there are plenty of psychology and mood related apps available for your mobile device. learn about some that we personally recommend.

  

read more




    news

 the latest at gilmour
      

    gilmour psychological services is expanding!


 december 12, 2024

we have opened a second location serving the east end of ottawa. some of our psychologists will now be seeing clients at 1173 cyrville road: drs. caroline ostiguy, jessica henry, emma dargie, stephenie davies, and leanne kane.

 




   

    excellence in clinical supervision by an external supervisor awarded to dr. deanna drahovzal


 september 19, 2023

dr. deanna drahovzal is this year's recipient of the excellence in clinical supervision by an external supervisor award by the university of ottawa's school of psychology.

 




   

    dr. angelina chupetlovska earns formal psychoanalyst credential


 september 19, 2023

gilmour psychological services is delighted to announce that dr. angelina chupetlovska has earned her formal credential of "psychoanalyst" from the canadian psychoanalytic society.

 





 show more











       




    


  contact
 421 gilmour st ottawa,ontario canada, k2p 0r5call: 613-230-4709fax: 613- 230-8274


  navigation
     home



  about



  services



  find a psychologist



  careers & training



  tributes



  contact us



  privacy



  accessibility








   
recognition of territory
gilmour psychological services® is built on un-ceded algonquin anishinabe territory. the peoples of the algonquin anishinabe nation have lived on this territory for millennia. their culture and presence have nurtured and continue to nurture this land. we honour the peoples and land of the algonquin anishinabe nation



     © 2025 
all rights reserved | gilmour psychological services®



  






















































































































  
  share by:





please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility




