






dave nation's world

























dave nation's art gallery
 
world's
  great madonnas
























family stories, 
birds,
bookstore, 
cartoons,
church, 
hotlist,
movies, 
santa, 
travel photos, 
volkssport, 
what's new

editorials

ranked choice voting could save democracy
democracy is not enough
the senate is broken. it's time to abolish the filibuster
consider
     dave's maternal surname proposal for
     passing down female family names to successive generations

activities


dave's
     software called the degree of interest tree browser (doitree)
     is described in this recent paper presented at the advanced visual
     interfaces (avi) conference: degree-of-interest
     trees: a component of an attention-reactive user interface 
webtoc
     is a product that automatically creates a hierarchical table of contents
     for a website. the video describing
     webtoc is available at open-video.org
in honor of
     the ides of march, here's a newspaper dave and a friend created in about
     1965 called "the philosophor"
     documenting the situation in rome on that fateful day: page 1, 2,
     3, 4,
     5, 6,
     7, 8.
     






common backyard
       bird list
some of dave's
       favorite cartoons
dave being an
       extra in the movies.
nation family recipes
references
       to dave nation's world
santa appearances 
       santa@davenation.com




dave nation's bookstore 
the american mensa home
       page 
cedar valley unitarian universalists
dave's hotlist 
volkssport activities and participation log 





genealogy

family
     stories from the bedford, gritton, loonan, molyneux, nation,
     and vaughan families

professional
dave
grew up in hudson,
iowa, got his b.s. in computer science from iowa state university of science and technology and
m.s. in computer science from the johns hopkins
university. he has also studied at the university
of northern iowa and the massachusetts
institute of technology and boston university.
dave and two other people (dr. richard lippmann and linda kukolich)
were the inventors of lnknet - a software package now available as public
domain software that assists researchers in developing pattern classification
algorithms including artificial neural
networks. dave and another two people (thomas wescott
and lawrence mccleary) were awarded united states patent numbers 5,341,463
in 1994 and 5,475,802
in 1995 for the "selective polygon map display method". from
1996-1999 dave was involved in a development program for information
visualization. in 1996-97 he did research in dr. ben shneiderman's human-computer interaction laboratory ( hcil)
at the university of maryland (college park).
he recommends dr. shneiderman's book designing
the user interface : strategies for effective
human-computer interaction which can be ordered through this site using
amazon.com. in 1997-98 he worked with dr. stuart card at xerox parc on software to display
large tree structures in a comprehensible way called the degree of interest
tree browser (doitree). they co-authored a paper on
the software presented in 2002 at the advanced visual interfaces conference in trento, italy
called degree-of-interest trees: a
component of an attention-reactive user interface. the patents for doitree (number 6,646,652,
european patent ep1217555) issued on november 11, 2003. title: "system and
method for browsing node-link structures based on an estimated degree of
interest". another (number 6,944,830)
titled “system and method for browsing hierarchically based node-link
structures based on an estimated degree of interest" was granted on
september 13, 2005. 
(another with the same name was granted on june 24, 2008 - 7,392,488)
dr's card, shneiderman and
jock mackinlay (also of parc) have collaborated on a
groundbreaking book on this emerging field which is a first-ever collection of
classic papers on information visualization that i recommend: readings
in information visualization : using vision to think.
this book can also be ordered through this site. .









  

 
feedback (dave@davenation.com)

 






