

























chambord liqueur































 
skip to content








home
our magnifique process
our ingredients
our cocktails
where to buy
 









buy chambord








buy chambord








our cocktails
chambord can give any cocktail a taste of the magnifique! explore our selection of exquisite cocktail recipes and find something to excite your senses. you’ll see it’s as easy as un, deux, trois.





 
chambord royale



 
chambord bramble



 
chambord margarita



 
french martini



 
chambord espresso martini



 
gin berry spritz



 
raspberry mojito



 
mwah-tini!



 
chambord-cola



 
chapter 8



 
pink julep



 
chambord mimosa



 
chambord french manhattan



 
chambord tonic



 
river boyne fizz



 
chambord spritz



 
chambord collins




discover cocktails








creating chambord doesn't come easy
if you want to know how we make the velvety smooth liqueur, then follow us as we take you on a journey of intricate steps and mouth-watering flavor, all to create chambord.

our magnifique process









sign up to our newsletter to learn more about our sumptuous cocktail recipes.

sign up for our newsletter






contact
nutrition
cookie policy
privacy policy
terms of use
do not sell or share my data
 




please drink responsibly.
chambord black raspberry liqueur, 16.5% alc. by vol., imported by brown-forman, louisville, ky.
chambord is a registered trademark. ©2025 brown-forman. all rights reserved.
to find out more about responsible consumption, visit responsibility.org and ourthinkingaboutdrinking.com
all other trademarks and trade names are properties of their respective owners.
please do not share or forward this content with anyone under the legal drinking age.

united statesunited kingdomunited states 




cookie preferences








please verify your age

month
day
year


day
month
year


location

the united states



do not choose this option if you use a shared computer
this site uses cookies. i agree to the terms of use and privacy policy




this site uses cookies. i agree to the terms of use and privacy policy.







 remember me
do not choose this option if you use a shared computer.




please drink responsibly.
terms of use | privacy policy | cookie policy | nutrition
chambord is a registered trademark. ©2025 brown-forman. all rights reserved.
to find out more about responsible consumption, visit responsibility.org and ourthinkingaboutdrinking.com




 






















