



rants, raves, plotbunnies, and the occasional deep thought — livejournal

























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































nycscribbler
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














nycscribbler







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement






rants, raves, plotbunnies, and the occasional deep thoughtuntidy scrawls from the sleepless citywhat is nowwhat was theninmates of the asylumhave you seen me?the good stuffthe realm of weirdness
 

 



profile


user: nycscribbler
name: rebecca
 
 

page summary
· the requisite post about the friends-locked business and commenting thereupon [+27]
· for fuck's sake. [+3]
· gackity gackity gackity, let's have meme! [+4]
· voice post: you be the judge
· important things to know [+5]
· why hay thar bewbies [+8]
 
 

latest month


march 2008
12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031


 

links

the official sitecome on in, kink's got drinks!bringin' it like it ain't never been brungwhere the in crowd blogsland of the board junkiesso much pretty...yeah, 'baby!the world i know
 
 

search


search:


category:

site & user
faq
site
region
interest
username
email
gizmo/lj talk
aim
icq number
yahoo! id
msn
jabber




 
 

entry tags
life, memes
 
 


3rd-oct-2025 11:50 pm - the requisite post about the friends-locked business and commenting thereuponnycscribbleri don't have any pretty pictures for it, but here goes anyway.this journal is friends-locked.  anything that's interesting here is over on my ij.  there will be no updates.  go away.

27 decibelsmake some noise in this joint!linkshareflag
 

 


14th-mar-2008 06:13 pm - for fuck's sake.nycscribblerlook, i may be an english major, not a business major, but i'm pretty damn sure that hiding a major site change in the faq and then getting snippy when people call you on it is not good business sense and is even worse customer relations.i've been less and less satisfied with the way the rapidly changing ownership of livejournal has been handling itself- after the last major fracas, i let the payments lapse and established an ij.  this time… i'm not deleting this one- at least not yet- but i won't be posting to it anymore.the game notes of doom will always be posted at rebkell's, and i'm working on cross-posting them to a new site at blogspot.  fiction will go to the ij, same username, which i just made perm there- sales were previously suspended, but the admin is raising funds for a pet shelter that had a fire, so it seemed like a good time to do it.  also, i'm going to be updating the realm a little more often than i have been (including very soon- hint, after class of '08's eligibility officially runs out), considering that the last time i posted to the site was over a year ago (my timing mechanism has turned out to suck ass).  anything else… well, that's what aim's for, isn't it?  telling people stuff about yourself?  like conversation?don't get me wrong, i love my livejournal.  i've had it for more than five years now and i like the clean, simple format.  i've met some great people through it.  but i don't trust the people running it anymore, and that's at the heart of the matter.  because you know what?  ij's not as pretty and like elle-jay, you gotta ante up not to see ads, so that's not what my departure is about at all.  it's a matter of comfort, and i finally noticed the pea under the mattress.and… well, don't get me wrong; as i've mentioned, i've met some great people through livejournal i never would have known otherwise.  but the people who originally brought me here have fallen out of cyberspace.  emi, rob, bianca, meg-the-writer… things aren't quite the same.  i haven't felt like i'm providing anything people want to read, so maybe it doesn't matter if i don't post.  (hey, if you want to prove me wrong, i've got the ij. ;))it's been real, livejournal, and you were awesome for a while.  peace.

3 decibelsmake some noise in this joint!linkshareflag
 

 



12th-mar-2008 02:37 pm - gackity gackity gackity, let's have meme!nycscribblereveryone has things they blog about. everyone has things they don't blog about. challenge me out of my comfort zone by telling me something i don't blog about, but you'd like to hear about, and i'll write a post about it. ask for anything: latest movie watched, last book read, political leanings, thoughts on yaoi, favorite type of underwear, graphic techniques, etc. repost in your own journal so that we can all learn more about each other.i'm posting this public, but i reserve the right to f-lock it if questioning veers into territory i don't want to be seen.tags:memes

4 decibelsmake some noise in this joint!linkshareflag
 

 


22nd-jun-2007 06:28 pm - voice post: you be the judgenycscribblervoicepost 239k 1:11







“okay, garden box office before the gates are scheduled to open.  i have recorded this post a ridiculous number of times.  i'm sure the people around me think i'm quite mad.  so, before the san antonio game, game one of my epic triple.  hopefully i will survive.  if not, i do expect you to all fight over my collection, and i will be laughing hysterically from the afterlife, or reincarnation, whatever the case may be.  i did promise everybody a phone post to prove whether i had the new york accent or not.  so here it is.  you guys be the judge. the only reason i'm doing it today instead of tomorrow, from connecticut (since i know so many more of you would prefer the connecticut view) is that we're experiencing attack of the wnba clones.  i just saw a nikki blue clone and a nykesha sales clone, except the sales clone had dreadlocks, and that would probably be the only thing that would make nykesha sales even more intimidating.  i don't expect al ot of people to comment on this post, since half the fandom is on the other side of the box office.  i do expect there to be slashy shenanigans.  we will have failed otherwise and it will be sad. i better get back in line before the deluge, stampede, whatever, begins.  if i don't survive this weekend, i hope you all miss me.”transcribed by: nycscribbler

make some noise in this joint!linkshareflag
 

 



28th-may-2007 12:00 pm - important things to knownycscribblerif bored at the laundromat and getting ready to use the notes feature on your ipod to re-read fic, especially fic that can be described as "um, big oafy accidental lesbian necrophilia", try not to do so at the exact moment your parents walk by.  (i didn't get caught, but it was a close thing.  at least i was only into the second paragraph, and not into my poor not-yet-undead pov character's realization.)  i swear, the universe wants my parents to know what i write, a feeling that is obviously not shared by either me or my parents.huh.  reminds me i gotta get to sorting my filing system.  i've gotten sloppy, and now i can't always find fics when i want them.{edited: i didn't catch the typo until after the metaquoting.  shame, shame.  bad english major.  no cookie.}

5 decibelsmake some noise in this joint!linkshareflag
 

 



13th-sep-2006 12:04 pm - why hay thar bewbiesnycscribblerokay, so i was on my way home from class today, headphones on- and i mean headphones, not little tiny earbuds you can't see, big honking black headphones that make me look like a dj- and at the railroad overpass, some lady comes up to me jabbering in a foreign language.  i assume russian, because she looked eastern european and the language didn't sound very familiar.  older woman, fake red hair, generally unremarkable features.  i figure she's looking for the social security office on the next block, or she's trying to get me to believe in god and/or a psychic, whatever.  off come the headphones and i ask her to repeat herself.next thing i know, she's smiling at me and talking and her hand is on my right breast.  omgwtf hell no.  i ran like hell, brandishing my village voice and screaming "no touching!"so apparently i now not only have to worry about the latino guys at the supermarket who ogle me when i pass, and the indian guy at my local altar of st. deborah the diminutive patron of snack foods, and the general worry about pervy old men, but also pervy old women.  look, just because i was previously curled up with the sex columns of the village voice does not mean i am a freak who is just longing for random old women to grope me, on so many levels.tags:lifefeelin' :really, really freaked out

8 decibelsmake some noise in this joint!linkshareflag
 

 
top of page this page was loaded feb 16th 2025, 7:31 pm gmt.  































