








right division | home




























































please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility

















									guestbook



										donate									




										login									



										register									





 


search









											donate										




											login										



home
salvation

eternal life
doctrine
bible


library

articles
blogs
charts
lessons
studies
webinars


study hall

topics
topic request


study aids

help/faq
other sites
tools
comprehension tests


shop

publications
nbc publications
other publications


about

about us
our beliefs
contact
newsletter


 

















the book of matthew – part 24

by wayne stewart

the lesson on february 9, 2025 was part 24 of “the book of matthew” study.  we are still in matthew 10 and wayne took some time to review what we learned with the phrase “but now” but then focused on matthew 10:28 kjv.  the tough conditions for the twelve apostles were facing in their witness […]
learn more















featured topic




featured topic
resurrection 
in the resurrection of christ, we learn in colossians 2:9-15 kjv "9 for in him dwelleth all the fulness of the godhead bodily. 10 and ye are complete in him, which is the head of all principality and power: 11 in whom also ye are circumcised with the circumcision made without hands, in putting off the body of the sins of the flesh by the circumcision of christ: 12 buried with him in baptism, wherein also ye are risen with him through the faith of the operation of god, who hath raised him from the dead. 

13 and you, being dead in your sins and the uncircumcision of your flesh, hath he quickened together with him, having forgiven you all trespasses; 14 blotting out the handwriting of ordinances that was against us, which was contrary to us, and took it out of the way, nailing it to his cross; 15 and having spoiled principalities and powers, he made a shew of them openly, triumphing over them in it."  enjoy all of the content here to learn of our risen saviour!
read more








featured study




featured study






										by wayne stewart


										3/25/2018									


acts 29 – paul’s latter ministries and journeys 
this study looks at paul’s latter ministries and journey(s) which would have occurred after the close of acts and the writing of the last seven books paul wrote before he was executed by niro.  the goal of this study is to find evidence of paul’s fourth and perhaps a fifth missionary journey and when the mystery […]
read more




featured study







featured lesson




featured lesson






										by wayne stewart


										1/28/2024									


beware lest any man spoil you 
the message that was presented on january 28, 2024 was thought of while wayne was visiting san francisco on the way to new zealand for holiday with his family. he opened with a verse from proverbs 28:4 kjv “they that forsake the law praise the wicked: but such as keep the law contend with them.” […]
read more








featured article




featured article






										by charles welch


										12/28/2009									


dispensational frontier 
the dispensational frontier of acts 28:23-31.  the analogy of a frontier.  it is but reasonable to expect that any system of doctrine or interpretation that differs from or challenges orthodoxy, will be subjected to a fair amount of criticism, and this should be welcomed, for if our pursuit be the truth, the faults discovered even […]
read more




featured article









studies
studies have been created for the student of scripture to provide you in-depth lessons centered around one subject. our studies will contain a list of lessons arranged in a way for easy access.  review all of the available studies here.
go to studies





study hall
studying scripture in depth can be overwhelming.  our study hall allows you to study based on a topical approach.  in this section, all of the content on rightdivision will be organized topically.  you may even suggest a topic that isn’t listed and we will work on providing you some content for that subject and it will be rightly divided.  see what topics we have here.
go to study hall





articles
our teachers will provide you written articles to help with your studies.  these articles will usually accompany a study and will be additional content for you to review as you desire to grow in the knowledge of god’s word, rightly divided.  review all of the articles available to you in this section.
go to articles






blog



the error of easter

                            by leland maples

3/28/2021
the error of easter, the lunacy of lent and the fable of good friday. the greatest days for church attendance each year are christmas and easter. now, personally, i like these days because it reminds every person on earth that jesus christ has come in the flesh and died, was buried and resurrected for our […]
read more >




things getting worse

                            by leland maples

1/2/2021
recently i listened to a 23 year old junior high school teacher speak of how drastic things had changed since she was in junior high…which was only 10 years ago! the changes of which this young teacher spoke were not good. she considered the students’ attitude much worse than 10 years ago. the same was […]
read more >




merry christmas

                            by leland maples

12/6/2020
“then herod, when he saw that he was mocked of the wise men, was exceeding wroth, and sent forth, and slew all the children that were in bethlehem, and in all the coasts thereof, from two years old and under, according to the time which he had diligently enquired of the wise men.” matthew 2:16 […]
read more >


















 facebook 





 twitter 





 rumble 





 youtube 





 vimeo 








			©2025 right division. all rights reserved.
			privacy policy



















