








southern nazarene university in bethany, oklahoma | snu




























































































search for:



 








 





athletics
alumni
news
my snu
veterans
give
 













						southern nazarene university
					







academics





undergraduate academic programs 


graduate & professional 


online 


academic catalog
undergraduate research
commencement
freshmen learning communities
general education
library
transfer coursework
 
 

admissions





visit campus 


admissions events 


apply 


deposit
undergraduate admissions
financial services
military
presidential leadership scholars
 
 

snu life





life at snu 


spiritual life 


residential life & housing
diversity & inclusion
commons services for students
campus dining
new student institute
 


student government & clubs
student handbook
campus map
campus store
student consumer information
 
 

apply to snu 
athletics
alumni
news
my snu
veterans
give
 





search for:



 











apply to snu


















purposefully different 

refining character. creating culture. serving christ 








purposefully different 

refining character. creating culture. serving christ 












traditional undergraduate




adult undergraduate




graduate




online




over 50 traditional undergraduate programs
since 1899, southern nazarene university has set the standard for innovative servant leadership. through service-oriented classrooms and a vibrant campus community, 17 division ii athletic programs, competitive internships, and job placement, we lead by example.  located in the heart of oklahoma city, snu is 7 miles from downtown okc, minutes away from all the city has to offer. through more than 50 majors, you'll experience true integration of faith and learning, bringing the mind of christ into every profession.  
explore snu. 
we’re purposefully different. 

programs by department

















snu life
it feels like home. it’s our priority to create a place for you to connect. for some, this means hanging out in the comfortable residence halls, a visit over a hot cup of coffee at our campus coffee shop, laughs over lunch at the on-campus chick-fil-a®,  teaching a small group or leading chapel worship, maybe diving into student government. snu fosters a christian atmosphere where each student is valued. however you want to be engaged on campus, there’s a place for you.
learn more



comments box svg iconsused for the like, share, comment, and reaction icons



					southern nazarene university				
  is at southern nazarene university.


	 14 hours ago  







meet abby rodriguez, a sophomore from oklahoma city majoring in elementary education! abby’s college journey at snu has been filled with meaningful connections, and she credits her friends and faculty for making her feel right at home. she feels especially grateful for the professors and staff who have gone the extra mile to make her feel valued, whether that is through meaningful conversations or even getting lunch together.“i’ve made lifelong friends here, and i’m so thankful for the community,” abby shares. “whether it’s just a cozy game night in the dorms or grabbing a sweet treat after class, those moments make college life so special for me.”growing up in oklahoma city, with both her parents serving as pastors, it was not until the summer before her freshman year of college that abby truly began to embrace a personal relationship with god. despite being surrounded by faith, she struggled with self-doubt and questions throughout her high school years. her journey truly began when abby decided to lay down all her fears and uncertainties before god.“i was filled with doubt during my senior year of high school, but when i finally chose to give it all to god, i started to change,” she shares. “i became so curious about who god is and how he sees me. that moment shifted everything, and i never looked back.”as abby continues her studies at snu, her faith has grown stronger, and she has learned to trust god’s plan for her life. “i’m constantly amazed by how god works in my life. my time at snu has been a beautiful growth journey, and i’m excited to see where he takes me next.” abby’s passion for teaching, her heart for others, and her growing relationship with god continue to shape her future in ways she never imagined.thank you, abby, for being such a light on campus. we are so thankful to have you as part of our snu family! 	
... see moresee less
+



			view on facebook		

·

					share				


 share on facebook


 share on twitter


 share on linked in


 share by email

 




view comments



likes
 

love
 
110



shares:
 
6



comments:
 
11





11 commentscomment on facebookgo abby!!!!!that is a great write-up.  i'm glad she is doing good.so proud of you precious miss abby! 🙂 the best is yet to come for you!view more comments 













news
view all news






sarah roberts
snu students present scientific research in the nation’s capital









sarah roberts
snu announces dean’s list for fall 2024









sarah roberts
snu celebrates dr. scott secor and gemma weir for opa honors














ready to apply?
apply now






ready to apply?
apply now












							southern nazarene university
						


6729 nw 39th expressway
bethany, ok 73008

405-789-6400
admissions@snu.edu






 facebook  





 instagram  





 youtube  





 linkedin  






resources


about snu
administration
conference services
site index
careers
accreditation
faculty directory
library
commons services
campus map
campus store
student consumer information
federal pandemic relief program
offices and services
privacy policy
professional, graduate & online
order official transcript
workshield




							©2025 snu. all rights reserved. website designed & developed by back40 design.
						






 























