









restaurant gary danko san francisco









































about
reservations
menus
private dining
information
 




gary danko













about
twenty-five years after opening its doors in san francisco’s iconic fisherman’s wharf neighborhood, restaurant gary danko continues to refine its award-winning combination of classic french cooking, thoughtful and inventive use of local ingredients and personable yet impeccable service. “you don’t just open a great restaurant,” says chef gary danko, “it’s a constant work in progress.”
this commitment to excellence and innovation has earned restaurant gary danko its five diamond rating from aaa as well as a coveted relais & châteaux designation. the restaurant has also earned several james beard awards, including best new restaurant, best service and best chef – california. in a warm, enveloping space overhung with orchids and vibrant artworks, an evening at gary danko is both intimate and theatrical—a loving nod to an old-world dining experience with its heart thoroughly planted in the new: fresh, locally grown and raised foods drawn from the region’s vast seasonal offerings, prepared with precision and flair.

chef gary danko







private dining
our private dining room can accommodate 5 to 10 guests for a special celebration, business dinner or a gathering of friends. our dedicated staff will ensure you and your guests have an extraordinary evening.
we offer two seatings starting from 5:30pm to 8:30pm and following with 8:45pm to 11:45pm. please reach out to one of our reservationists if you wish to reserve our private dining room for the entire evening.
























          tasting menu        



          menu        



          wine        



          cheese        






























gary danko

getting here

 

      800 north point street (@ hyde street)
san francisco, ca 94109


  site design • ⅎr



contact

        gary danko accepts reservations via opentable

our reservation team can be reached via telephone or email 
thursday through monday 
1 p.m. to 9 p.m.
(we are closed on 
tuesdays and wednesdays)      

        phone:
        415-749-2060 x102 



          reservations@garydanko.com        











      follow us on facebook
      find us on instagram


reservations & forms

reservations
special request
gift certificates



hours
we accept reservations via opentable

bar hours: 5:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m.

table reservations are available between 5:00 p.m. and 10:00 p.m, thursday - monday.

we are closed tuesdays and wednesdays.

we are closed on the following holidays, and may adjust our weekly schedule: 
july 4th, thanksgiving day, christmas day and new year’s eve

additional information
our corkage policy is one hundred dollars per 750 ml bottle; the limit per party is two bottles. the corkage for magnums is two hundred dollars; the limit per party is one bottle.

we are not currently offering valet parking.  there are public parking garages located at 655 beach street and at ghirardelli square on larkin street between n. point and beach streets or on beach street between larkin and polk streets.

a 7% surcharge will be added for san francisco employee mandates.

careers
reservations













chef gary danko
gary danko is one of america’s most talented and respected chefs. his success can be attributed to his many years of study and hard work combined with a natural ability to create dishes of elegance and depth that evoke the simple pleasures and warmth of home cooking. danko’s interest in cooking began in his mother’s kitchen in upstate new york, where he watched the louisiana native deftly balance flavors through the judicious use of simple seasonings and farm-fresh ingredients. it later brought him to the classrooms of french-born madeleine kamman, his exacting and visionary mentor who refined him in the techniques, science, and history of french cooking, and fortified the groundwork for his remarkable career.
gary danko is a 1977 graduate of the culinary institute of hyde park, new york. from his earliest days as chef at the tucker hill inn in vermont to subsequent years running award-winning kitchens in the bay area, including beringer vineyards and the ritz-carlton san francisco, danko dedicated himself to seasonal, locally grown and raised foods before the practice was widespread. at restaurant gary danko, these ingredients are still the foundation of his adventurous and spirited cuisine and are never upstaged. while forging close relationships with artisanal cheese, meat, and produce suppliers to secure the best ingredients possible, danko continues to push the envelope, incorporating culinary traditions, techniques, products, and seasonings from around the world to create a cuisine of great finesse and balanced flavors.
gary danko’s numerous achievements include three james beard foundation awards including “best chef – california” and reflect his lifelong pursuit of excellence.










reservations
reservations are available within 60 days of the calendar date.  a credit card is needed to secure all reservations.  bookings must be changed or canceled within 24 hours of your reservation to avoid a $50 per person cancellation fee.  we accept reservations via opentable.
table reservations are available between 5:00 p.m. and 10:00 p.m, thursday – monday.
we are closed tuesdays and wednesdays.
we look forward to welcoming you to restaurant gary danko.


 
 


















careers at gary danko
are you seeking a rewarding career in the restaurant business? gary danko hires highly talented individuals. maitre’d, sommeliers, hosts, captains, back waiters, runners, chefs, sous chefs, pastry chefs, pastry cooks, line cooks, dishwasher, reservation agents and administrative staff. please submit your resume to employment@garydanko.com.
you may also mail your resume to:
employment – gary danko
800 north point street
san francisco, ca 94109










gift certificates
gift certificates are available starting at $100 and thereafter in increments of $50.00. simply download our gift certificate request form, fill it out, and fax/email it to us with your request.
phone contact: the best time to reach us is from 1 pm to 9 pm on thursday through monday. our phone number is 415.749.2060.
email contact: information@garydanko.com







special hours


friday, february 14th – open at 4pm
saturday, february 15th – open at 4pm

 
click here to make your reservation
×









