brandow clinic | plastic surgery in philadelphia and jersey shore  brandow clinic | plastic surgery in philadelphia and jersey shore  brandow clinic    menu homedr. brandowstaffour officesnews & mediabefore & aftersschedule a consultation philadelphia - 610.617.7949 jersey shore - 609.653.2220philadelphia & jersey shore cosmeticsurgery    facebook      instagram      youtube     cosmetic & plastic surgery in philadelphiakirk brandow, md, faacsexperience & artistry matterwhen choosing to undergo cosmetic plastic surgery in philadelphia and the jersey shore, patients seek the expertise and talent of kirk brandow, md, faacs. he trained in general surgery, plastic surgery, and cosmetic surgery, and is certified by the american board of cosmetic surgery. dr. brandow has over 30 years of experience practicing exclusively cosmetic surgery. contact us to schedule a consultation today at either of our convenient plastic surgery locations on the main line of philadelphia or south jersey shore.   learn more about dr. brandow    experience and artistry matterdr. kirk brandow, md, faacs. dr. brandow specializes exclusively in plastic surgery of the face, breasts, and body. he is certified by the american board of cosmetic surgery and internationally trained in plastic and cosmetic surgery. contact us to schedule a consultation today at either of our two convenient plastic surgery locations in the philadelphia and south jersey areas. our proceduresfacedr. brandow offers facial plastic surgery to patients in the philadelphia and south jersey areas and prides himself on providing natural-looking, subtle results. facelift surgery can smooth wrinkles and furrows around the upper, mid and lower face. deep plane facelift surgery tightens and reshapes the underlying musculature, providing significant lifted results that are long-lasting. the short scar facelift can target the mid face for patients noticing the first signs of facial aging. patients seeking lower facial rejuvenation can opt for a lip lift to correct lines & folds. dr. brandow also offers lip reduction to improve lip contours and proportions. a neck lift can also target the lower face by tightening loose neck skin and accentuating the jawline. chin implants can bring forward a receding chin to add natural-looking definition.dr. brandow can also perform eyelid surgery and a brow lift / forehead lift to target crow’s feet and wrinkles around the brows and eyelids. fat transplant techniques are available to smooth areas of lost facial volume. additionally, earlobe repair surgery can restore natural shape to torn or stretched earlobes.  breast and bodyplastic surgery can add natural-looking size and shape to the breasts using innovative breast enhancement techniques. patients looking to increase breast size can undergo breast augmentation with breast implants. your breast implants can be customized to best complement your body type and achieve your desired results. dr. brandow utilizes saline breast implants to ensure safety and efficiency when performing breast augmentation.breast lift surgery is another breast enhancement method that can raise the breasts and address drooping skin. breast augmentation can combine a breast lift with breast implants to restore youthful contours to your breasts. in some cases, patients may wish to remove their breast implants or reduce their breast size. breast reduction is also available to improve the size of overly-large breasts, enhancing proportions and relieving physical strain placed on the neck, shoulders or back.breast explant surgery is suitable for both cosmetic and medical reasons for removing breast implants. if you are no longer happy with the appearance of your breast implants, breast explant surgery can help restore the breasts to a natural appearance. many patients may feel that their breast implants no longer match their physique, look proportional, or complement their figure the way they once did. breast explant surgery can help restore the natural contours you once had.non surgicalnon-invasive procedures are wonderful alternatives for patients who do not want to undergo traditional facial or body sculpting plastic surgeries. the brandow clinic offers non-surgical plastic surgery to enhance your complexion, add natural-looking volume and regrow areas of thinning hair with minimal downtime. the brandow clinic provides cosmetic injections to restore youthfulness without undergoing traditional facial surgery. injectables are among the most popular cosmetic treatments available due to their ability to craft natural-looking results with virtually no recovery time. dr. brandow offers botox cosmetic and dermal fillers at both of our brandow clinic plastic surgery locations. learn more about our non-invasive procedures below.  2,500+face and neck lifts 1,600+tummy tucks 4,000+transaxillary breast implants 1,700+breast lifts and reductionscosmetic surgerytestimonials   just had to write and thank you for telling me you would fix my neck.  i was so worried but when you told me you would do a revision i felt so much better and relieved.  you area  wonderful and talented surgeon but also you are a wonderful human being and that counts for so much.  i am so very thankful esther and i found you.  joan  for you, dr. brandow for being the super person and talented surgeon you are.  god has granted you this great skill.  may he bless you and your family everyday.  julie m.  i’m so pleased with the results of your masterful craftsmanship! i’ve had full confidence in your ability from the beginning and it has increased with each procedure.  without you i would not have transformed, feeling and looking more beautiful at every turn.  my humble gratitude to your kind heartedness!  teresa  thank you very much (no other word) to express myself to your wonderful work.  i had no pain and feel good for my first time.  with all my best thanks and regard.  nikole g.  book your appointment today   book now    contact usschedule an appointment at either location:philadelphia plastic surgery
area officethe brandow clinic – main line191 presidential bivd. northsuite 105bala cynwyd, pa 19004610.617.7949 south jersey plastic surgery
area officethe brandow clinic – jersey shore741 bay avenuesomers point. nj 08244609.653.2220 connect with us   facebook      youtube      instagram   © 2025 the brandow clinic              