





keystone health – a full-service, family-centered, primary care facility.








































top 





menu




search this website 


news & blog
transportation
community resource guide
no surprises act
translateplease choose a language.search this websitefacebookfacebooktwittertwitter skip to primary navigation skip to main contentkeystone healtha full-service, family-centered, primary care facility.home
about us

about keystone health
our mission
keystone health “about us” patient brochure
annual report
new patient hotline
advocacy
accessibility help


employment
patient information
contact us
i would like to

learn about covid-19 vaccine at keystone health
find a provider
visit patient portal
pay my bill
contact keystone


our practicesprimary care providers

keystone family medicine
keystone behavioral health
keystone chiropractic
keystone dental care
keystone women’s care
keystone foot and ankle center
keystone pediatrics – chambersburg
keystone pediatrics – waynesboro
keystone pediatric dental
keystone community health services
keystone pharmacy
keystone internal medicine-chambersburg
keystone internal medicine-waynesboro
keystone urgent care
keystone infectious diseases
keystone pediatric developmental center


our programsvariety of special programs

agricultural worker program
340b discount drug program
childbirth education classes
breastfeeding basics for expectant mothers
keystone health crisis intervention program
community resources
sliding fee discount program
keystone pediatrics at cashs
patient financial services and outreach enrollment
keystone std services
keystone family planning
hiv program
medications for opioid use disorder program
keystone interventional psychiatry
tms therapy for depression


find a providerprovider directory
donatemake a difference
pay my billmake a payment
mykeystonehealth patient portalconnect with your doctor

mykeystonehealth portal teen access form


rsv season is hereprotect the most vulnerable in your family!learn more we're hiring!learn more tms | tms therapy for depressionkeystone behavioral health is now offering a new treatment for depression, which targets the brain directly, called transcranial magnetic stimulation, or tms.learn more text message scheduling now availablekeystone health is now using text message scheduling services to make it easier for our patients to communicate with us!learn more leading the way to a healthier communitywe are a full-service, family-centered, primary care facility providing quality, affordable, accessible health care.learn moreour practiceskeystone health is staffed by a diverse team of primary care providers serving the greater franklin county pennsylvania region. 
keystone family medicine(717) 709-7999visit website  
keystone behavioral health(717) 709-7930visit website  
keystone dental care(717) 709-7940visit website  
keystone women's care(717) 709-7990visit website  
keystone pediatrics - chambersburg(717) 709-7950visit website  
keystone pediatrics - waynesboro(717) 387-8060visit website  
keystone internal medicine-chambersburg(717) 709-7970visit website  
keystone internal medicine-waynesboro(717) 762-3050visit website  
keystone pharmacy(717) 709-7977visit website  
keystone urgent care(717) 709-7979visit website  
keystone infectious diseases(717) 709-7909visit website  
keystone community health services(717) 709-7909visit website  
keystone pediatric developmental center(717) 709-7997visit website  
keystone chiropractic(717) 709-7939visit website  
keystone foot and ankle center - chambersburg(717) 709-7986visit website  
keystone foot and ankle center - waynesboro(717) 762-6300visit website  
keystone pediatric dental(717) 709-7941visit website our programskeystone health offers a variety of special programs in support of our mission to improve the health and quality of life of the people and communities we serve.programagricultural worker programlearn moreprogram340b discount programlearn moreprogramchildbirth classeslearn moreprogramkeystone crisis intervention programlearn moreprogrampatient financial serviceslearn moreprogramsliding fee discount programlearn moreprogramkeystone pediatrics at cashslearn moreprogramthe keystone breastfeeding centerlearn moreprogramkeystone std serviceslearn moreprogramkeystone family planning learn moreprogramhiv programlearn moreprogramtms therapy for depressionlearn moreprogrampatient financial services and outreach enrollmentlearn moreprogramcommunity resourceslearn moreprogramcenter for interventional psychiatrylearn moreread the latest keystone health newsmore newsfebruary 13, 2025student project helps keystone pediatrics
we want to send a big thank you to the department of civil and mechanical engineering at shippensburg university, and to … continue reading...january 24, 2025sepsis – what you should know
sepsis is a dangerous infection that can affect anyone. if not treated quickly, it can result in serious illness and … continue reading...december 6, 2024mpox – what you need to know
mpox (formerly known as monkeypox) is a disease caused by a virus in the same family as the smallpox virus. in the … continue reading...november 27, 2024take a short survey to help the central pa food bank!
the central pennsylvania food bank is conducting short surveys to identify barriers individuals in franklin





 county … continue reading...join our newsletterstay up-to-date with the keystone health news, events, and articles delivered straight to your mailbox. we promise no spam.
email address: 
		



first name: 
		



last name: 
		




leave this field empty if you're human: 
what our happy patients have to say...view all testimonials | leave a review "keystone pediatrics is the best pediatrician office i have ever experienced. so kind and caring. from the front desk to nurses and doctors thank you for your care!
keystone women’s care is also a great facility. you … continue reading 
- michelle s."for me it is one of the best medical places i have ever been to. i had to have minor surgery there and everything went wonderfully. my doctor was very personal and made me feel very comfortable." … continue reading 
- judy m.footer111 chambers hill dr   chambersburg pa 17201 (717) 709-7900business hoursmon- fri8am - 5pm sat - sunclosedcookiesread our cookies policyour missionkeystone health improves the health and quality of life of the people and communities we serve.read our mission statementkeystone health center is supported by the health resources and services administration (hrsa) of the u.s. department of health and human services (hhs). the contents are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily represent the official views of, nor an endorsement, by hrsa, hhs, or the u.s. government.

in addition, keystone rural health center receives hhs funding and has federal phs deemed status with respect to certain health or health-related claims, including medical malpractice claims, for itself and its covered individuals. 
 
 
 
 
privacy policy
patient rights and responsibilities
notice of privacy practices
nondiscrimination statement
accessibility help
medicare shared savings
© 2025 keystone health · this institution is an equal opportunity provider and employer · website design by datachieve digital 

we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept

































