









garageband for mac - apple






















applestoremacipadiphonewatch
visionairpodstv & homeentertainmentaccessoriessupport


0+










						garageband
							macos




local nav open menu


local nav close menu




overview


support










download garageband for mac












garageband for mac
incredible music.in the key of easy.

garageband is a fully equipped music creation studio right inside your mac — with a complete sound library that includes instruments, presets for guitar and voice, and an incredible selection of session drummers and percussionists. with an intuitive, modern design, it’s easy to learn, play, record, create, and share your hits worldwide. now you’re ready to make music like a pro.
download garageband for mac








make music
create with or without an instrument.


start making professional‑sounding music right away. plug in your guitar or mic and choose from a jaw‑dropping array of realistic amps and effects. you can even create astonishingly human‑sounding drum tracks and become inspired by thousands of loops from popular genres like edm, hip hop, indie, and more.









































more sounds, more inspiration.plug in your usb keyboard and dive into the completely inspiring sound library, featuring electronic‑based music styles like edm and hip hop. the built‑in set of instruments and loops gives you plenty of creative freedom.
									






plug it in. tear it up.plug in your guitar and choose from a van-load of amps, cabinets, and stompboxes.
									






design your dream bass rig.customize your bass tone just the way you want it. mix and match vintage or modern amps and speaker cabinets. you can even choose and position different microphones to create your signature sound.
									






drumroll please.garageband features drummer, a virtual session drummer that takes your direction and plays along with your song. choose from 28 drummers and three percussionists in six genres.
									






shape your sound. quickly and easily.whenever you’re using a software instrument, amp, or effect, smart controls appear with the perfect set of knobs, buttons, and sliders, so you can shape your sound quickly with onscreen controls.
									






look, mom — no wires.you can wirelessly control garageband right from your ipad with the logic remote app. play any software instrument, shape your sound with smart controls, and even hit stop, start, and record from across the room.
									











jam with drummers of every style.
drummer, the virtual session player created using the industry’s top session drummers and recording engineers, features 28 beat‑making drummers and three percussionists. from edm, dubstep, and hip hop to latin, metal, and blues, whatever beat your song needs, there’s an incredible selection of musicians to play it.
each drummer has a signature kit that lets you produce a variety of groove and fill combinations. use the intuitive controls to enable and disable individual sounds while you create a beat with kick, snare, cymbals, and all the cowbell you want. if you need a little inspiration, drummer loops gives you a diverse collection of prerecorded acoustic and electronic loops that can be easily customized and added to your song.











powerful synths with shape‑shifting controls.
get creative with 100 edm- and hip hop–inspired synth sounds. every synth features the transform pad smart control, so you can morph and tweak sounds to your liking.











learn to play
welcome to the school of rock. and blues. and classical.


get started with a great collection of built‑in lessons for piano and guitar. or learn some multi‑platinum hits from the actual artists who recorded them. you can even get instant feedback on your playing to help hone your skills.
































take your skills to the next level. from any level.choose from 40 different genre‑based lessons, including classical, blues, rock, and pop. video demos and animated instruments keep things fun and easy to follow.
									






teachers with advanced degrees in hit‑making.learn your favorite songs on guitar or piano with a little help from the original recording artists themselves. who better to show you how it’s done?
									






instant feedback.play along with any lesson, and garageband will listen in real time and tell you how you’re doing, note for note. track your progress, beat your best scores, and improve your skills.
									











record. mix. master.
you run the studio.


tons of helpful recording and editing features make garageband as powerful as it is easy to use. edit your performances right down to the note and decibel. fix rhythm issues with a click. finesse your sound with audio effect plug‑ins. and finish your track like a pro, with effects such as compression and visual eq.



































go from start to finish. and then some.create and mix up to 255 audio tracks. easily name and reorder your song sections to find the best structure. then polish it off with all the essentials, including reverb, visual eq, volume levels, and stereo panning.
									






take your best take.record as many takes as you like. you can even loop a section and play several passes in a row. garageband saves them all in a multi‑take region, so it’s easy to pick the winners.
									






your timing is perfect. even when it isn’t.played a few notes out of time? simply use flex time to drag them into place. you can also select one track as your groove track and make the others fall in line for a super‑tight rhythm.
									






polish your performance.capture your changes in real time by adjusting any of your software instruments’ smart controls while recording a performance. you can also fine‑tune your music later in the piano roll editor.
									











share with a click
release your song. worldwide.


your music deserves to be heard — everywhere. garageband lets you share your finished song easily with friends, family, or the whole internet community via social networks. or save your track as a custom ringtone. so whenever someone calls, your song rocks. you can also export your new hit single to the library of the music app, where it can live alongside all your other favorite music and go wherever you go.






launch your global release.easily share your tracks via email or social networks. and let the whole world fall in love with them.
						








icloud
add a track. start a song. from anywhere.


wherever you are, icloud makes it easy to work on a garageband song. you can add tracks to your garageband for mac song using your iphone or ipad when you’re on the road. or when inspiration strikes, you can start sketching a new song idea on your ios device, then import it to your mac to take it even further.












garageband for ios
play, record, arrange, and mix — wherever you go.
learn more













logic pro for mac
turn your mac into a full recording studio.
learn more about logic pro for mac





logic remote
a companion app for logic pro.
learn more about logic remote









apple footer


garageband is available on the app store. macos monterey or later required. downloading apps requires an apple account.
icloud requires an icloud‑enabled device. some features require ios 16 and macos monterey or later. some features require a wi‑fi connection. some features are not available in all countries or regions. access to some services is limited to 10 devices.





apple






mac



garageband









shop and learn

shop and learn




store
mac
ipad
iphone
watch
vision
airpods
tv & home
airtag
accessories
gift cards




apple wallet

apple wallet




wallet
apple card
apple pay
apple cash






account

account




manage your apple account
apple store account
icloud.com




entertainment

entertainment




apple one
apple tv+
apple music
apple arcade
apple fitness+
apple news+
apple podcasts
apple books
app store






apple store

apple store




find a store
genius bar
today at apple
group reservations
apple camp
apple store app
certified refurbished
apple trade in
financing
carrier deals at apple
order status
shopping help






for business

for business




apple and business
shop for business




for education

for education




apple and education
shop for k-12
shop for college




for healthcare

for healthcare




apple in healthcare
mac in healthcare
health on apple watch
health records on iphone and ipad




for government

for government




shop for government
shop for veterans and military






apple values

apple values




accessibility
education
environment
inclusion and diversity
privacy
racial equity and justice
supply chain




about apple

about apple




newsroom
apple leadership
career opportunities
investors
ethics & compliance
events
contact apple






			more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple.


united states


copyright ©
				
				2025
				 apple inc. all rights reserved.
			


privacy policy


terms of use


sales and refunds


legal


site map













