









home - john carver inn & spa






























































skip to content


 




(508) 746-7100




















 



john carver inn & spa









home
stay


rooms
spa
amenities
pool


local area
weddings
gallery
contact
book now









home






























































































availability













rooms
123456+adults
12345child
012345



 search 


book now














john carver inn & spa
historic plymouth lodging on the site of the original pilgrim settlement
located in the heart of historic plymouth, the john carver inn & spa is just a short walk to all attractions, shopping and the breathtaking waterfront. the boutique hotel boasts colonial charm and hospitality combined with contemporary comforts and conveniences.
visitors seeking a relaxing plymouth vacation are welcomed into a stately lobby before settling into one of the 80 spacious guest rooms or luxury suites. each of the 6 elegant fireplace suites offers oversized whirlpool tubs and the exclusive suite dreams experience providing pampering amenities. the exclusive pilgrim cove indoor theme pool is fun for all…80' water slide, waterfalls, soothing jacuzzi set amidst a replica of plymouth rock, lap lanes and fitness room...there’s something for everyone.


















rooms






for those looking for a family-friendly budget hotel that provides luxurious amenities, search no more! the john carver inn has you covered.


learn more


 










relax






the spa at the john carver inn is a beautiful little hideaway located at the historical john carver inn. the spa is a must see, from our sparkling stars in our relaxation room, to our cozy beautiful treatment rooms. 


learn more


 










directions






located in the heart of historic plymouth, the john carver inn & spa is just a short walk to all attractions, shopping, and the breathtaking waterfront. 


learn more


 



















about us john carver inn & spa - plymouth
located in the heart of historic plymouth, the john carver inn & spa is just a short walk to all attractions, shopping and the breathtaking waterfront. the boutique hotel boasts colonial charm and hospitality combined with contemporary comforts and conveniences.
visitors seeking a relaxing plymouth vacation are welcomed into a stately lobby before settling into one of the 80 spacious guest rooms or luxury suites. each of the 6 elegant fireplace suites offers oversized whirlpool tubs and the exclusive suite dreams experience providing pampering amenities. the exclusive pilgrim cove indoor theme pool is fun for all…80' water slide, waterfalls, soothing jacuzzi set amidst a replica of plymouth rock, lap lanes and fitness room...there’s something for everyone.
emailinfo@johncarverinn.com
phone(508) 746-7100




locate usaddress25 summer st, 
plymouth, ma 02360

 created by travel media group © 

privacy policy | california privacy notice | accessibility
















this website uses cookies to improve your experience. by continuing, you consent to our use of cookies. click here to learn about our policies.accept & closeprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept




















skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset






accessibility statementaccessibility statement 







