










home - ohio library council























































 
 




















skip to content













contact uslogin  











facebook





twitter





linkedin





vimeo






































 
events calendar education core competencies conferences, workshops, webinars program submissions 2025 convention and expo program submissions library trustees vendor opportunities sponsorships expo associate membershipresources career center library jobs certification government relations library funding/plf advocacy state budget legislative day olc bill tracker public library levies awards and honors publications news group purchasing workers’ comp group rating associate member directoryabout about us membership individual institutional trustees friends associate board of directors meeting dates and resources divisions get involved committees staff


























 















 
public librariesthe ohio library council is the forum in which ohio’s public library community is strengthened through advocacy, education, collaboration, and innovation.
 


 
educationcentral to the mission of the ohio library council is the professional development and career enrichment for our members.
 


 
advocacythe ohio library council works to ensure state funding for public libraries and that the library perspective is considered when state government decisions are made.
 






























ohio library council






is the statewide professional association which represents the interests of ohio’s public libraries, their trustees, friends and staffs.

















					advocacy				








					jobs				








					news				








					events				








					directory				






















mark your calendar










view all events

































ohio library council
















 
advocacy 
a focused commitment to proactively represent the interests of ohio's public libraries.
learn more 



















 
education 
developing high-quality public library service through unsurpassed education and training for staff members and trustees.
learn more 



















 
collaboration 
your opportunity to connect with ohio's public library community.
get involved 



















become a member






the membership of the olc is composed of public library systems, library trustees, friends of the library groups, library staff members, other library institutions, and library-related commercial vendors. learn more about what olc has to offer.







see member benefits










 












© 2025 ohio library council
 | 
site by growthzone












the collective voice for ohio’s public libraries





























ohio library council









map and address




495 metro place south, suite 350dublin, ohio 43017 










phone number




(614) 410-8092 










facebook





twitter





linkedin





vimeo




























 © 2025 ohio library council.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 


















