    hanover foods canned & frozen vegetables: freshness from farm to table           
skip to content
 



 



 



 



 




questions? please call 1-800-888-4646

shop online


search

search			







close





our history
hanover foods corporation is also a significant player in the lucrative private label business. the company operates plants in pennsylvania, delaware, new jersey, and guatemala, producing over 40 million cases of glass-pack, canned, frozen, refrigerated, freeze-dried, and snack food products each year. 




our historyabout usfrom our fields




our core valuesour plant locationsproducts
canned products
we process, blend, and package for our customers’ needs year-round.

browse castleberry's

frozen products
we prepare, and package our frozen vegetables year-round to meet the demands of our clients.

shop products online

food service
unsurpassed quality, convenience, and variety make our products smart choices for schools, hospitals, restaurants, and other commercial settings.

frozen options


canned options

industrial
our quality food-based ingredients ensure the highest end-product consumer satisfaction. 




recipes
browse all

breakfast

lunch/dinner

side dishes







careersoutlethanover factory outlet store1125 wilson ave, hanover, pa 17331717.633.3993open 6 days a week
monday-friday- 8:30am-5:00pmsaturdays- 8:30am-3:00pm.

get directions

contact us


 brandsbickel’s snackscastleberry’sjohn cope’sspring glen fresh foodswege pretzelsproductscanned productsfrozen productsall productsfood serviceindustrial salesabout hanoverfrom our fieldsvision, mission, valuesindustrial salesfood servicecareers at hanoverrecipesbrowse allbreakfastlunch/dinnerside dishesshophanover outletcontact us

join our team
the farms of hanover foods



refresh your dining experience with hanover foods' selection of frozen and canned vegetables.get ready to indulge in a burst of flavor and nutrition with hanover foods' frozen and canned vegetables. we carefully select and expertly handle our vegetables to ensure that they bring convenience and freshness to your meals, making healthy eating an enjoyable journey. our vegetables are sourced from real farmers who deliver freshly grown produce straight from their fields.hanoverfrozen vegetablesexperience a burst of flavor and nutrition with hanover foods frozen vegetables. our carefully selected and expertly frozen vegetables bring convenience and freshness to your meals, making healthy eating a delightful journey.

view products
hanovercanned vegetablesexperience a burst of flavor and nutrition with hanover foods frozen vegetables. our carefully selected and expertly frozen vegetables bring convenience and freshness to your meals, making healthy eating a delightful journey.

view products
featuredfrom our fieldssince 1924, hanover foods corporation has been an active leader in the growing, processing, packaging, marketing, and distribution of an amazing variety of food products. thank you to our farmers for providing the best crops for generations!

learn more
it's picnic time!enhance your bbq with castleberry's chili sauces. grab some at your local grocery store and enjoy them with friends and family.

learn more
from our fields, to your table
hanoveremploymentinterested in employment opportunities at hanover foods, apply within.

apply today

hanoverhistorydiscover the story of acentury of business history.

learn more

hanoverfarm freshinterested in employment opportunities at hanover foods, apply within.

learn more





recipesdelicious recipes to enjoy at homethe delectable flavors in the food can be attributed to the exquisite ingredients sourced from hanover food. memaw has a tradition of exclusively incorporating hanover products to elevate the secret recipe, ensuring the passage of culinary traditions to generations ahead.

browse recipes
our historyabout usour historyfrom our fieldscore valuesplant locationsproductsfrozen productscanned productsfood serviceindustrial salesbrandsbickel’s snackscastleberry’sjohn cope’sspring glenwege pretzelslearn morerecipesemployment

our history
about usour historyfrom our fieldscore valuesplant locations

products
frozen productscanned productsfood serviceindustrial sales

brands
bickel’s snackscastleberry’sjohn cope’sspring glenwege pretzels

learn more
recipesemploymenthanover outlet 1125 wilson avenue hanover, pa 17331 717-633-3993   ephrata outlet 314 spring glen drive ephrata, pa 17522 717-733-2201 x2350please note: not all products are available at the hanover foods retail outletspo box 334 hanover, pa 17331 (717) 632-6000
office hours: monday - thursday 7:30am - 5pm; friday 7:30am - 2:30pmcopyright ©2025 hanover foods. all rights reserved. accessibilityprivacy policyterms & conditionssite map
 



 



 




 



 



×our site uses cookies to improve your experience. by using our site, you acknowledge and accept our use of cookies. please read our privacy policy and the terms and conditions for more information.

close gdpr cookie banner


accept
reject
settings

close gdpr cookie banner


 scroll to top        

close gdpr cookie settings




privacy overview


strictly necessary cookies


3rd party cookies


additional cookies


cookie policy

powered by  gdpr cookie compliance
privacy overviewthis website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognizing you when you return to our website and helping our team understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
strictly necessary cookiesstrictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.

enable or disable cookies


if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd party cookiesthis website uses google analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages. keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.

enable or disable cookies


please enable strictly necessary cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
additional cookiesthis website uses the following additional cookies:(list the cookies that you are using on the website here.)

enable or disable cookies


please enable strictly necessary cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
cookie policyfor more information about our cookie policy, please go to our privacy policy
enable all
save changes





