






championship rodeo, texas style bbq and more in lake george, new york - painted pony championship rodeo










































blogcontact
518-696-2421




homerodeowestern rodeo in lake georgebuy ticketsrodeo schedulegroupsspecial eventsgallerysouthern style bbqabouthistory of our championship rodeotestimonials

navigation

home
rodeo

western rodeo in lake george
buy tickets
rodeo schedule
groups
special events
gallery

southern style bbq
about

history of our championship rodeo
testimonials

blog
contact





2025 season pass!  only $70 ~ click here


rodeo opening day: june 28, 2025 ~ only 5 miles from lake george




where the pavement endsand the west begins!our most popular rodeo events


bull ridingcontestants try their hand at at riding a 2,000lb bull for 8 seconds in hopes of earning the highest score. upper body control and strong legs are essential to riding bulls.


cowgirls' barrel racingthe horsemanship skills and competitive drive in this fast and furious event make it a crowd favorite. beautiful cowgirls and fast horses, what else do you need?


bareback riding throughout this 8 second ride a cowboy must grasp the rigging with only one hand and ride with no saddle.  the scoring is based on both the cowboy and the horse equally.


steer wrestlingsteer wrestling is the quickest event in rodeo.  the object of the event is to wrestle the steer to the ground using only cowboy grit. 


team ropingin rodeos only true team event two ropers, a "header" and a "heeler" work together to catch a steer. the "header" is the first cowboy out of the roping box.


saddle bronc ridingrodeos "classic event", saddle bronc riding has roots that run deep into the old west!  a contestants score is equally dependent on his performance and the horse.






southern style bbq


great family entertainment in the lake george regionlooking for something exciting for the whole family? how about a night at the painted pony rodeo? cowboys and cowgirls galore! kick off the evening with an awesome bbq, then dust off your boots and mosey on over to the corral, for a real championship rodeo. great fun for everyone! tough cowboys, beautiful cowgirls, funny rodeo clowns, outstanding animals and so much more. guaranteed to be on the edge of your seat.

just for kids!


longhorn saloon


graham's trading post


don't just take our word for it


we were in the lake george area on vacation and decided to go to the rodeo and bbq. the staff was super friendly and helpful. the bbq was great, with lots of sides and even dessert. we all enjoyed our first rodeo. love that everyone sings the anthem and says the cowboy prayer. the different rodeo sports they competed in were action packed and exciting. we had a wonderful time. i definitely recommend attending. 
- tracie mcdowell  



had the best night with my husband and children. the show was awesome. we will be coming back next year. best rodeo ever 
- caroline bradley d'allura 


one of the most amazing experiences i have had with my family. my two daughters absolutely love it from beginning to end. their favorite was the women’s barrel racing. so empowering and inspiring to see women do this. my six year old is now trying to convince us to buy her a horse. my husband and i love the bbq dinner before the rodeo. the ribs were superb. needless to say we will definitely do it again when we visit lake george next summer. thank you for the great experience and for keep american culture alive. 
- cynthia kirkham 



a fun family night out at the rodeo. we loved that they honored all veterans and said a thoughtful prayer about the participants and the animals before they began. great events and good food. we will definitely be back! 
- mari jeffery gates 



leave a testimonial






news & announcements


2025 season passes
adults and children - $703 and under are always free...
read more




painted pony gear coming soon
brand new beautiful painted pony gear by twisted j apparel!t-shirts- color heather navys-xl - $18 xxl- $20hoodies- color navys-xl -$35. xxl- $40plus shipping...
read more





painted pony championship rodeo






advertisers / sponsors






















painted pony championship rodeo
703 howe rd. p.o. box 459lake luzerne, ny 12846518-696-2421 
© 2019 - 2025 all rights reserved

email signup
receive updates from the painted pony 





contact











location





web site design & hosting by nolee-o web design






