














the pittsburgh foundation home | the pittsburgh foundation













































      skip to main content
    




return to cfwestmoreland.org




















































tertiary menu



donor login


grantee login


professional advisors


scholarships






main navigation




giving



ways to give


how we serve donors


for advisors


search for a fund


donate online




grants



grant opportunities


grant guidelines


grant faqs


apply for grants


our grants




our work



strategic plan


research and reports


engaging community




center for philanthropy



give with confidence


give strategically


give as a family


tools to guide your process




about



vision, mission & values


our people


career opportunities


public policy


affiliations


financials


publicity guidelines


contact us




news



news releases


in the news


stories


publications


events



































searching for a specific fund?


searching for a scholarship?















						a black and gold sky is the backdrop for the downtown pittsburgh skyline.
					







for a greater pittsburgh
learn more 















the pittsburgh foundation works to improve the quality of life in the pittsburgh region  by evaluating and addressing community issues, promoting responsible philanthropy and connecting donors to the critical needs of the community.









donate now





start a fund





apply for a grant





find a scholarship







our impact






$1.5 billion established in 1945 with $5,000. today assets total $1.5 billion.3,000the foundation manages nearly 3,000 funds established by our donors.$1.2 billion grants made from 1945 to 2024 total $1.2 billion






our vision







we are committed to creating a vibrant, equitable, and just pittsburgh region that supports everyone — regardless of race, identity, and circumstance — to thrive and fulfill their potential. our three mutually reinforcing strategic priorities are to promote philanthropy, support community, and catalyze partnerships, all anchored in a commitment to racial justice.


grantmaking priorities





basic needs





environmental action





arts & culture





equity & social justice





economic mobility

 



our stories













stories


support relief efforts for los angeles wildfires



raging wildfires in los angeles county, california, have caused fatalities and injuries and displaced tens of thousands. the crisis has touched every corner of the los angeles region. recovery from natural disasters span years, leaving communities grappling with impacts long after media attention and initial donations fade. here are several organizations and localized community foundations who are accepting emergency relief donations to help those in need.










news release


advancing black arts in pittsburgh awards $1.2 million to artists and arts groups



grants will provide general operating and project support.


oct. 30, 2024

















stories


why we give: judy knapp and rick heil



why we give is a series of profiles highlighting the generosity and spirit of our donors, whose partnership with our foundation has enabled us to strengthen support for so many in our region.















stories


planned giving is booming as america enters monumental ‘generational wealth transfer’ era



wealth management professionals, attorneys and financial planners are busy. maybe busier than they have ever been. but it’s with good reason.









read more 















contactthe pittsburgh foundation912 fort duquesne blvd., floor 10pittsburgh, pa 15222phone: 412 391 5122contact us












connect     








footer links



donor login


grantee login


professional advisors


scholarships


the commmunity foundation of westmoreland county














© 2025 the pittsburgh foundation. all rights reserved. privacy policy.


















