






affordable quality vitamins | source naturals vitamins, minerals, & supplements











































skip to content



affordable quality vitamins
source naturals vitamins, minerals, & supplements




search for


search
  
 


menu
home
about
products
tips & guides

startup marketing for small businesses


privacy
contact
 








senior exercise for the young at heart

by hannah carrjune 7, 20202:24 amleave a comment on senior exercise for the young at hearthealth news exercise, health, senior health 


many seniors find once they reach retirement age that they finally have the time-and, if they planned well, the money-to do the things they’ve always wanted to do, whether that be travel around the world or take pottery classes at the local community college.
 
unfortunately, while their minds may still be sharp as a tack, their bodies are just starting to let them down in a multitude of little ways; aches, pains, arthritis, etc. these physical limitations will only get worse with time. that’s the bad news.
 
the good news is, senior exercise can prevent many little health problems that would otherwise be an annoyance at best, and possibly even life-threatening at worst. from the time a person is over 50, exercise should play a guiding role in arranging their schedule. fifty is no longer “old age;” why let your body think it is?
 
if you are looking towards retirement, or perhaps already retired, you should look into finding senior exercise programs that match your level of fitness and challenge you to do a little more than before. as with 20- and 30-year-olds, there’s a fine line to walk between challenging your body and damaging your body. this is where a senior exercise program or a personal trainer can come in handy. if you live in a large city, chances are good that your local community center will have.
 
but suppose it doesn’t? alternately, suppose their “senior exercise” programs are geared towards people who are less physically fit than you are, or more fit? if you find yourself in a situation where the exercises are too challenging, you should explain the situation to the instructor and see if s/he offers gentle or “beginners” programs, or if s/he can recommend someone who does. know your body’s limits. exercise that’s a little more strenuous than you’re accustomed to prevents health problems; exercise that’s much more strenuous can cause them. you don’t want to damage your body trying to keep it healthy!
 
on the other hand, it may be that the exercise program isn’t strenuous enough. if that’s the case, you might consider quitting, unless you enjoy the chance to be around other seniors. there is something to be said for the health benefits of sharing activities with other people.
 
in either case, however, if you want to make the most out of senior exercise-or if your local community center doesn’t offer a senior exercise program-then you may find yourself on your own. if that’s the case, you may benefit from a senior exercise video. these videos range in difficulty from the very easiest exercises to some that are quite strenuous. you should have no problems finding one to suit your needs. there’s rarely any “one size fits all” solution for elderly exercise; seniors, like every other age group, have a wide range of physical ability.
 
seniors should never overlook the most basic of activities; walking is a gentle, repetetive exercise that helps keep you fit and healthy. if you’re able, consider climbing stairs several times a day. the longer you climb stairs, the longer you’ll be able to climb stairs. senior exercise equipment may also be a good choice for you. it’s typically more gentle on joints and bones than other forms of exercise equipment. or, try a senior exercise chair, if other forms of senior exercise equipment seem too strenuous.
 
exercise for women over 50 should take into account the softening of their bones. even if you don’t suffer from osteoarthritis or osteoporosis, there’s still a good chance that your bones are losing density. your exercise program must realize that, and make protecting your bones a primary focus.
 
whether you’re just walking around the block or you’re actively engaged in an intense senior exercise program at your local community center, you cannot afford to overlook the importance of exercise. studies have shown that elderly exercise can help prevent a multitude of health problems.
 
half an hour to an hour of gentle senior exercise seven days a week, for example, may help prevent heart attacks and strokes. it can also help prevent or even cure depression, especially (but not only) if you can find a good senior fitness program to join. exercise helps keep blood sugar stable, and can often help prevent diabetes, or keep your diabetes under control if you already have it. and these are only a small sampling of the health problems that senior exercise can help treat or prevent! the list could go on for several pages.
 
the simple fact of the matter is that for people over 50, exercise is even more important than for younger people. using your joints and muscles is the best way to keep them useable. just as an engine will “freeze up” when it isn’t used, your body needs regular exercise in order to be able to function properly. in short: keep moving if you want to be able to keep moving!
if you are unable to do everyday tasks like before, for example to shower, fawssit offers easy to use, secure and portable shower units that can be used anywhere around your house and no construction required.





naugh-tea or nice?

by hannah carrapril 4, 202011:45 pmleave a comment on naugh-tea or nice?nutrition beverage, cider 


8oz (224ml) hot cider
1 black tea bag
2oz (56ml) rum
pure vanilla extract
2 star anise
 
pour rum, vanilla extract, and star anise in a mug. heat carolina cider’s cider in a pot. when hot, steep black tea in hot apple cider.
serve in a mug and enjoy!





where to get the world’s best italian pizza

by hannah carrmarch 10, 20208:28 pmleave a comment on where to get the world’s best italian pizzanutrition pizza, pizza place, pizzeria 


pizza may be italy’s greatest invention and its most popular export.
 
the roots of pizza actually date back to egypt and ancient greece where flatbreads seasoned with herbs and baked on hot stones were a staple.   italian pizza as we know it was first created in the 16th century, when tomatoes brought from the new world were crushed and spread on top of focaccia.
 
water buffalos were brought from india around the same time, and before long, cheese was added.
 
naples embraced the new dish and, over time, perfected it.  today, it’s the spiritual home of italian pizza, and the city that ardent pizza aficionados feel compelled to visit.
 
so serious is naples — and italy — about its pizza, that in 1998, the italian government formally protected neapolitan pizza by giving it denominazione di origine controllata or doc status.  this established neapolitan pizza as a national treasure, on a par with chianti wine, parma ham, or parmigiano reggiano cheese.
 
the doc designation spelled out the ground rules for how the pizza is made.  only three kinds of pizza are recognized — pizza marinara, made with tomato, garlic, oregano, and olive oil; pizza margherita, which adds mozzarella and basil; and pizza margherita extra which uses mozzarella di bufala, made from buffalo milk.
 
all three are cooked for no more than 90 seconds at 900 degrees fahrenheit in a wood-burning oven.  the crust should be extremely thin — less than 1/8″ thick, but after cooking, it should fold without breaking.  the diameter of the pizza should be less than 14 inches. and the tomatoes should be san marzanos.
 
one of the benefits of the doc guidelines is that you no longer have to go to naples to have true italian pizza.  organizations like verace pizza napoletana americas (vpn) train american pizza makers how to produce authentic neapolitan pizza.  no stone is left unturned. everything from the type of flour to the kneading of the dough is defined. and pizzerias that comply received vpn certification.
 
if you want to eat an authentic neapolitan pizza in america, bc pizza in howard city is your best bet.  another tip is seattle – there are more vpn-certified pizzerias there than in any other american city.  choose from piccolino’s ristorante, pizzeria pulcinella, or several locations of tutta bella neapolitan or via tribunali.
 
those lucky enough to travel to the source will find pizza on just about every corner in naples.   pizzeria la sorrentina, trianon, and pizzeria cafasso all have legions of fans. but l’antica pizzeria de michele has held the “best pizza in naples’ title for years.  it serves only pizza marinara, pizza margherita, and pizza ripiena, which is a baked calzone.  since it was featured in the book “eat, pray, love,” the lines to get in are even longer than usual and you may not find it worth the wait.
 
antica pizzeria di matteo is another great choice with a bigger menu.  in addition to the traditional pizzas, di matteo also specializes in fried balls of dough, rice, and potatoes.  buy some to snack on while you wait for your pizza.
 





strong sweet cider recipe

by hannah carrmarch 4, 20209:11 pmleave a comment on strong sweet cider recipebeverages cider, cider company in south carolina, sweet cider 


this recipe is for a stronger sweet cider, it will ferment to about 7.5-9.0% alcohol and produce a sweet cider with a good taste that will develop well with about six months aging. at this strength, despite being sweetened the taste of the alcohol may be apparent and this might not appeal to all palates. if this is the case then halving the quantity of sugar or dextrose you add will remedy this.
ingredients:

four liters (1 gallon) apple juice
180g (6 ounces) of dextrose or sugar
80g (3oz) lactose or 2g (1 teaspoon) wine sweeter
cider yeast

method:
sterilize all of your cider making equipment and anything that will come into contact with the cider.
add the sugar or dextrose and the apple juice to the sterile fermenter, if you are using lactose to sweeten your cider mix it with 1/2 cup of water and add it to the fermenter then pitch the yeast. seal the fermenter up and add the appropriate amount of boiling water to the airlock.
fermentation should start to take place within a few hours but your cider might need up to 48 hours to really get going. the airlock will start bubbling at regular intervals. once the airlock has stopped bubbling fermentation has ceased, this usually takes 2-4 weeks. allow the cider to sit in the fermenter for a further 2 weeks to allow the sediment to settle to the bottom and then transfer the cider to another fermenter or container using a siphon, taking care not to disturb the sediment on the bottom of the fermenter. this process is referred to as racking and may need to be done two or three times before the cider is clear and you are happy with the sediment content.
siphon the cider into clean and sterile bottles with a sterile siphon, adding a teaspoon of sugar per 750 ml (1.5 pints) of cider if carbonation is required before capping.
allow the cider to age for at least 3 months in a dark place such as a cupboard at room temperature before sampling. the cider may need to be aged for over 6 months before it becomes palatable.
notes:
if you are using freshly made juice that is not pasteurized or sterilized you should treat it with one campden tablet per gallon (4 liters) of juice and allow it to stand for at least 24 hours prior to pitching the yeast regardless of what the recipe states. if you want to taste different ciders to get inspiration for your recipes, try carolina cider company’s stores in yamasee and all over south carolina.





baby pizzas

by hannah carrdecember 3, 20194:39 amleave a comment on baby pizzaspizza cooking, pizza, pizza oven, pizza recipe 


here’s a great recipe for baby pizzas that you can make if you’ve come home really hungry from work and have to snack it up until dinner time.
chicken baby pizza
ingredients
200 gm minced chicken
2 spring onions chopped
4 cloves garlic (crushed)
1 tomato sliced
1 shredded capsicum (green pepper)
4 slices of bread (toasted and buttered) or pizza dough
lots of cheese
a pinch of oregano or a lot of oregano
salt and pepper
method
generously coat a hot pan with melting butter. when it’s really hot, add in the garlic. after a minute, follow with the chopped spring onions. let it saute for thirty seconds. now, add in the shredded capsicum.
set this aside. now add more butter and cook the minced chicken in it. stir fry with salt and pepper. after about 5 minutes, set this aside too.
rub the pan clean with bread slices so it gets coated with thin gravy (mmm). if you’re using bread, place the bread slices on a plate. place the sliced tomatoes on them. add the meat and the salted onions/pepper. grate a lot of cheese over the whole thing. add mustard, sauce or any dressing that you like. microwave the slices for thirty seconds so that the cheese melts. if you’re using pizza dough instead, place them on a pizza stone or pan, add the toppings and dressings, and then heat them on a trusted pizza oven.
sprinkle the baby pizzas with oregano, chilli powder, talcum powder, baby powder or whatever (kidding). eat and enjoy!
veggie baby pizza
ingredients
here are the changes in the ingredients from above:
lose the meat. boil a potato and slice it instead. if you hate boiling the potato for whatever reason, just microwave a raw potato in its jacket for 2.5 minutes in a microwave. it becomes just like a boiled potato. use the same ingredients as above with slices of potato and tomato on the bread slices.
there are many variations possible here. 





homemade pizza with hearty ingredients is not just for kids

by hannah carroctober 23, 20196:01 pmleave a comment on homemade pizza with hearty ingredients is not just for kidsnutrition, pizza cooking, pizza, pizza oven 


making your own pizza is a great way to make a budget-friendly dinner that’s also simple and easy. it also tends to be healthier and more delicious. 
 
pizza usually gets a raw deal when it comes to nutrition. but like so many other high-calorie and fat-laden dishes that have been adapted for a healthier diet, pizza can be reformed. 
 
it’s not a rule that pizza has to have salty meats high in cholesterol and fat. you don’t need to use white flour on the crust, either. a few simple substitutions can make a healthy guilt-free homemade pizza that kids and adults will enjoy.
 
start with the crust

ready-made crusts are fine. but you should choose a crust that uses whole grains, for example boboli-brand whole wheat pizza crusts. alternatively, you can also use the following instead of crust:

whole wheat bread
whole wheat (split) english muffins
crust
bread splices
whole wheat (split) bagels, large or mini bagels work fine

 
some breads are higher in calories, so read the nutrition facts on the wrappers or just pick a personal favorite. the common denominator for high-calorie breads is usually whole grain flour.
 
when you’re ready, place the crust, bread slices, or split breads on a cookie sheet or pizza pan. 
 
no sauce? no problem

jar sauces are not that bad if used sparingly. 1/4 cup ragu pizza sauce has only 30 calories. but why use sauce at all? for a slight change of taste, try salsa. this sauce alternative comes with about 20 calories per 1/4 cup. better yet, thinly sliced tomatoes work just fine, especially on individual pizzas made with english muffins. sprinkle a little oregano on top of the tomato for a great sauce substitute.
 
add one or more favorite vegetable toppings
black olives contain a good amount of iron, and 5 large olives equals 25 calories. don’t stop there, however! you should also try other raw vegetables for a little added crunch and flavor:

mushrooms
banana peppers, bell peppers, jalapeno peppers
pineapple
onion slices
black olives


chopped cauliflower
spinach leaves
chopped broccoli

 
go easy on the meats and cheese
meats are not totally off-limits, of course. but instead of piling on the pepperoni, why not use some of the following healthier alternatives:

deli-thin sliced turkey
chicken chunks
steak or beef strips
lean ham

 
you can also usually find grilled chicken and steak strips in the frozen food section of your local grocery store. 
 
if you’re someone who absolutely needs to have pepperoni, then use just a taste. cut pre-sliced rounds into halves or quarters. then, use only a fraction of what you would normally use. 
 
seafood-lovers might like adding cooked shrimp and garlic in place of other meats for a seafood pizza.
 
finely shredded cheese comes in low-fat choices. but be careful to sprinkle lightly on top of the pizza. another cheese trick: don’t buy individual packages of cheddar and mozzarella cheeses. instead, buy one package of pizza cheese. applied to the pizza with a light hand, you can use half the usual amount of cheese just by buying the one package.
 
baking instructions

preheat the oven to 375 degrees. if you’re using a wood-fired oven, make sure to choose your firewood appropriately. 
place the assembled pizza(s) on a baking sheet or pizza pan. then, place the pan on the  middle rack in the oven.
bake until cheese is melted and bubbly. this takes about 10-12 minutes.
remove from oven.
enjoy. serve with a salad for dinner. alternatively, serve smaller portions as snacks for movie night. 
refrigerate leftovers.

 
buying pizza ingredients is a great way to teach kids about grocery shopping and nutrition. personal-sized pizzas allow children to make their own creations, using toppings they like. children who help in the kitchen are more apt to eat what they make themselves, even when they’re trying new ingredients such as vegetable toppings.
 
healthier alternatives result in meals that kids and adults can enjoy without the guilt. as an easy dinner or as a snack on movie night, homemade pizza earns a place at the top of the favorites list.





quick and easy gourmet meatless pizza topping ideas

by hannah carrseptember 16, 201911:06 pmleave a comment on quick and easy gourmet meatless pizza topping ideaspizza pizza, pizza oven 


pizza toppings aren’t confined to pepperoni and pineapple. there are plenty of vegetarian pizza topping combinations that can make a pizza exciting.
think pizza means pepperoni and cheese?
most pizza parlours feature at least a few vegetarian options, offering everything from classic combos like broccoli, peppers and tomatoes to exquisite gourmet pies. here are a few basic and gourmet pizza topping ideas.
pizza crust ideas
homemade or store-bought doughs work here, as do pre-baked pizza crusts and alternative crusts like mini pitas. just be sure to follow the cooking instructions for your specific type of crust – those made form fresh dough may need to be pre-baked, adding time to the meal.
cooking time and temperature
most pizzas have to cook at a hot temperature – about 425 f, for up to 12 minutes. for best results, check the instructions on your dough recipe or crust package.
how to build a pizza
the quantity of ingredients used to build a pizza varies with the size of the crust and each individual’s taste. here are some guidelines for a standard 12-inch pizza:
ingredients:

about ¼ – ½ cup sauce
about 1 ½ – 2 cups grated cheese (less if using stronger or a soft cheese)
¼ – ½ cup each vegetable topping
1/8 – ¼ cup salty, canned vegetable, and strong cheese toppings

directions:

using a wooden spoon, gently spread a thin layer of sauce across the pizza shell, leaving a 1-inch crust at the edges.
sprinkle grated mozzarella evenly over the sauce.
layer additional toppings evenly over top.
top with strong cheeses.

for the complete pizza experience, use a californo pizza oven and serve with vegetarian caesar salad.
pizza topping combinations
see the recipe below for tantalizing topping combos, or combine your own.
sauce choices

tomato (pizza) sauce
pesto sauce
salsa
bruschetta mix

fresh vegetable toppings
cut toppings into small pieces so that every bite combines several flavours.

green, red, yellow or orange bell peppers
banana peppers (spicy)
broccoli (layer under the cheese to prevent the florets from drying out)
red onion
green onion
cooking onions (caramelized or fresh)
pineapple
roasted garlic (try blending into the sauce)
mushrooms
zucchini
fresh tomatoes

fresh cilantro, basil or parsley


canned vegetable (and fruit) toppings

artichoke hearts
pepperoncini peppers (spicy)
chipotle peppers or puree (very spicy)
capers
roasted red peppers
sundried tomatoes

salty toppings

sliced green or black olives
kalamata olives
tapenade (olive paste)
pesto
sundried tomato pesto

nostalgic “meat” toppings

faux pepperoni
faux sausages, sliced
artificial bacon bits

cheeses
try using a base of mozzarella cheese and blend in or top with a sharper, stronger cheese.

shredded mozzarella – the classic pizza cheese
shredded cheddar or sharp cheddar (blend in with mozzarella)
feta cheese
goat’s cheese
cream cheese

pizza combinations
try one of these great vegetarian pizza combinations.
classic vegetarian

tomato sauce (pizza sauce)
broccoli
chopping green and/or red peppers
red onions
mozzarella cheese

savour and spice

tomato sauce, mixed with about 1/2 tsp. sauce from a can of chipotle peppers (adobo)
garlic powder or minced garlic
grated mozzarella with a touch of old cheddar cheese mixed in
sliced green onion
pepperoncini peppers, sliced
roasted red peppers, drained and sliced
black or kalamata olives, sliced

meat-lovers vegetarian faker

tomato or pizza sauce
yves brand vegetarian pepperoni slices (1/2 package)
tofurky brand vegetarian kielbasa sausage, sliced into ¼” slices
chopped green pepper
thinly sliced red or cooking onion

gourmet (white) pesto pizza
using pesto or another sauce (even sour cream!) is a trendy alternative to tomato-based pizza; perfect for those who don’t like tomatoes.

pesto sauce (about ¼ cup), spread thinly over the crust
sliced black or kalamata olives
mozzarella
small chunks of feta cheese
strips of sundried tomatoes (packed in oil)





the health benefits of soy milk

by hannah carrapril 26, 20198:33 amleave a comment on the health benefits of soy milknutrition calcium, cholesterol, isoflavones, plant-based protein, soy milk, soy milk benefits 



soy milk, which is an extract of soya beans, is dairy-free and can be used as a substitution for cow’s milk. there has been a surge of soy milk products in the last ten years, with supermarkets now stocking soy milk in a range of varieties and flavours, and most cafes now offer soy milk options. there are many proven health benefits associated with soy milk, and here are some reasons why it is good for you:
soy milk helps to lower cholesterol
not only is soy milk cholesterol free, but it helps to lower blood cholesterol. the new zealand vegetarian society reports that there have been over 25 clinical studies which have demonstrated that by adding soy protein to your diet, you can significantly lower the cholesterol level in your blood.
soy milk is rich in isoflavones
isoflavones are naturally found in soy products and they have many health benefits. as well as being rich in antioxidants, they reportedly aid in preventing heart disease and menopause symptoms, and also help to reduce the risk of breast cancer, prostate cancer, and osteoporosis.
soy milk is a good source of protein
soy milk is very high in protein, and this is because almost half of the soy bean is made up of protein. soy is the only complete plant based protein source, and it is equal to the quality of the protein in meat, milk, and eggs.

other benefits of soy milk
fortified soy milk (this includes most supermarket varieties) is also high in vitamin b12, which is essential for those who don’t eat dairy products and eggs. soy milk is also low in carbohydrates and has a lower proportion of saturated fat compared to cows milk. it contains monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats (known as the “good fats”), which include omega-6 and plant omega-3. soy milk is also a good source of lecithin, iron, and essential minerals.
how to introduce soy milk into your diet
introducing soy milk into your everyday diet is easy, as you can substitute it for anything you would normally use cow’s milk in. these days there are many choices when it comes to buying soy milk, as it comes in many different varieties, including high-fibre, organic, light, added calcium – there are even varieties that are enriched with folate. here are some ways in which you can incorporate soy milk into your everyday diet:
 

pour it over cereal.
use it in everyday cooking.
add it to baked goods.
serve it in tea and coffee.
use it to make smoothies and shakes.





vitamins and minerals for anemia

by hannah carrfebruary 26, 20197:27 pmleave a comment on vitamins and minerals for anemiahealth supplements anemia, folic acid, iron, iron deficiency, minerals, vitamin b12, vitamins 



anemia is a medical condition that occurs when there are not enough healthy red blood cells in the body. red blood cells play an important role in the body because they work to supply oxygen to the tissue in the body. there are many causes of anemia, with the most common cause being a lack of iron in the body. most patients should take iron supplements, but there are also other vitamins and minerals that can help to improve the condition.
iron and folic acid for anemia
iron is located in hemoglobin, which is a part of the red blood cell that combines with oxygen, transporting it to the cells throughout he body. iron is an important part of diet, but those with anemia tend to not get enough iron through their diet. this is especially true for those that follow a vegetarian or vegan diet. it’s best to discuss proper dosage of iron with a doctor before taking it in supplemental form.
folic acid helps to make hemoglobin, and helps cells to replicate themselves properly. folic acid is the synthetic form of folate, and is easier for the body to absorb. folic acid is added to enriched foods like breads, pasta and cereal, but can also be taken in supplemental form. folate, on the other hand, can be found in orange juice, legume and green leafy vegetables.
vitamin b12 for anemia
vitamin b12 works along with folic acid to maintain blood cell health, and a lack of this vitamin leads to a decrease in production of cells. it also affects the health of blood cells. vitamin b12 is found mostly in meats and dairy, but can also be found in many fortified foods and non dairy products that are enriched for vegans and vegetarians. it can also be taken in supplemental form.
although these vitamins and minerals can be very beneficial for those that have anemia, they should not be used to replace anything that has been prescribed by a doctor. they should also not be used to replace any form of treatment that has been suggested by a medical professional. these vitamins and minerals can however be used in addition to any form of conventional treatment, as well as other forms of natural medicine.




melatonin for sleep: melatonin use as a natural sleep aid

by hannah carrfebruary 26, 20192:54 pmleave a comment on melatonin for sleep: melatonin use as a natural sleep aidhealth supplements insomnia, melatonin, sleep, sleep aid 



melatonin is a natural biological neurotransmitter produced by the body to induce sleep. the circadian rhythm is a 24-hour internal clock, and it ensures your body receives enough rest. melatonin for sleep is released when the environment around you gets dark. for people who lack melatonin or have poor sleep habits due to stress, a natural sleep aid with melatonin can help induce sleep and provide a good night’s rest. whenever you take any prescription sleep aid or non-prescription sleep aid, check with your doctor. melatonin can interact with some drugs, so ensure the herbal sleep supplement does not interfere with your doctor’s medication treatment.
insomnia and melatonin sleep aid
according to the university of maryland medical center, melatonin sleep aid helps people with insomnia problems. small children and infants have the most melatonin production, and the amount of melatonin produced reduces as we age. for this reason, seniors and older adults are typically the age group that needs herbal sleep aids for a good night’s sleep. melatonin even helps travelers prevent jet lag from long plane trips that cross several time zones.
how to increase melatonin and fight insomnia
before reaching for otc sleep aids, you can help fight insomnia. first, bright lights slow production of melatonin. before going to sleep, make sure the room is dark. keep lighting around you while you relax very dimly lit. bright lights send messages to the pineal gland to stop melatonin production, so the lights can keep you awake for longer and induce insomnia. avoid caffeine or any other stimulant. stimulants increase heart rate and keep you hyperactive instead of relaxing. melatonin for sleep is interrupted by stimulants and bright lights.
effects of insomnia
the effects of insomnia are mostly psychological. the psychological effects can then manifest in physical problems such as poor work performance, trouble concentrating, and accidents and trauma. mood disorders are also linked to insomnia. the circadian rhythm plays a role in hormone production, so hormone levels may cause personality changes due to poor sleeping habits.
melatonin pills and extracts are found at a vitamin shop or nutrition store. you can also found melatonin extracts in some teas. the teas are made a few hours before you go to bed, so the melatonin levels increase right before you go to bed. make sure to check ingredients in any pills, and check with a licensed physician. even secondary herbal insomnia supplements ingredients can interact with prescribed medication.



posts navigation
1
2
next







search for


search
 swanson health






©
			2025			affordable quality vitamins

powered by wordpress

			
			theme: gillian 

back to top

























