







saccharomyces genome database | sgd
















aboutblogdownloadexplorehelpget data

email us
mastodon
bluesky
facebook
linkedin
youtube







saccharomyces genome database






saccharomyces genome database



saccharomyces genome database




menu




analyze

gene lists

blast

fungal blast

go term finder

go slim mapper

pattern matching

design primers

restriction site mapper



sequence

download

genome browser

blast

fungal blast

gene/sequence resources

reference genome

download genome

genome snapshot

chromosome history

systematic sequencing table

original sequence papers



strains and species

variant viewer
align strain sequences



resources

uniprotkb

interpro (ebi)

homologene (ncbi)

ygob (trinity college)

alphafold





function

gene ontology

go term finder

go slim mapper

go slim mapping file



expression

biochemical pathways

phenotypes

browse all phenotypes



interactions

yeastgfp

resources

go consortium

biogrid (u. toronto)





literature

full-text search

new yeast papers

yeastbook

resources

pubmed (ncbi)

pubmed central (ncbi)

google scholar





community

community forum

colleague information

find a colleague

add or update info

find a yeast lab



education

meetings

nomenclature

submit a gene registration

gene registry

nomenclature conventions



methods and reagents

strains



historical data

physical & genetic maps

genetic maps

genetic loci

orfmap chromosomes

sequence



submit data
api


info & downloads

about

blog

downloads

site map

help

































hsf1p-target genes (green) coalesce into foci after heat shock (nuclear pore complex, red).
image courtesy of s. chowdhary and a. kainth, gross lab, lsu health sciences center.





rap1-gfp and calcofluor white staining of stationary phase cells.
image courtesy of m. guidi, m. ruault and a. taddei, institut curie (paris).





pma1-mcherry and vma1-gfp localization in mitotic cells.
image courtesy of m. eastwood, fred hutch and m. meneghini, university of toronto.





cccp-induced decrease of mitochondrial membrane potential (below) or control treatment (above) as measured by mitoloc.
image courtesy of dr. jakob vowinckel, ralser lab, university of cambridge.





redistribution of msn5 pools from the nucleus to the cytoplasm upon glucose deprivation.
image courtesy of h. huang and a. hopper, ohio state university.





floccule of yeast rho0 cells expressing pts1-gfp as a peroxisomal marker, stained with calcofluor white.
image courtesy of dr. jakob vowinckel, university of cambridge





s. cerevisiae membrane proteins visualized by rfp and gfp.
image courtesy of masur. wikimedia commons.





peroxisome (red) and mitochondrial (green) fission defects in vps1 fis1 double deletion strain transformed with fis1.
image courtesy of s. lefevre, s. kumar and i. van der klei, university of groningen.





yeast cells expressing trk1/gfp.
image courtesy of v. zayats and j. ludwig, center of nanobiology and structural biology, av cr.





the distribution of mtdna (green) within the mitochondrial network (red).
image courtesy of christof osman and peter walter, university of california, san francisco





the distribution of er exit sites (eres, green) within the er (red).
image courtesy of a. nakano and k. kurokawa, riken.





cell, actin and nuclear morphology of yeast cells treated with dmso (left) and poacic acid (right).
images courtesy of hiroki okada and yoshikazu ohya, university of tokyo.





localization of active ras in a wild type strain
image courtesy of s. colombo and e. martegani, university milano bicocca





sectored colonies showing loss of silencing at the hml locus
image courtesy of anne dodson, uc berkeley





pma1p imaged using the rite tagging system in mother (green) and daughter cells (red)
image courtesy of dan gottschling ph.d., fred hutchinson cancer research center





lipid droplets in fld1 mutant images by cars
image courtesy of heimo wolinski, ph.d. and sepp d. kohlwein, ph.d., university of graz, austria





fpr3p accumulation in the nucleolus of s. cerevisiae
image courtesy of amy macqueen, ph.d., wesleyan university
anti-fpr3 antibody courtesy of jeremy thorner, ph.d., uc berkeley





san1 strain visualized with fun and calcofluor white
image courtesy of the bruschi lab, icgeb, trieste, italy





single mdn1 mrnas detected by fish
image courtesy of the zenklusen lab, université de montréal





localization of ace2-gfp to daughter cell nuclei
image courtesy of eric weiss, ph.d. northwestern university




 


about sgd
the saccharomyces genome database (sgd) provides comprehensive integrated biological information for the budding yeast saccharomyces cerevisiae along with search and analysis tools to explore these data, enabling the discovery of functional relationships between sequence and gene products in fungi and higher organisms.

explore sgd












give a gift/support sgd

your generous gift to sgd enables us to continue providing essential information for your research and teaching efforts. donations are now critical for our work to continue and are greatly appreciated.
to contribute, please make checks payable to stanford university, and include a note stating that “these funds should be used to support the saccharomyces genome database project, under the direction of drs. sherlock and cherry in the department of genetics, stanford university. account : ghjko, genetics : wazc."
thank you for your support!
kindly send by mail to:
               development services
               po box 20466
               stanford, ca 94309
contact us: sgd-helpdesk@lists.stanford.edu

meetings

csh asia: yeast and life sciences

june 02 to june 06, 2025 - 
 suzhou, china


yeast2025: 32nd international conference on yeast genetics and molecular biology icygmb32

july 21 to july 24, 2025 - 
 sorbonne university, paris, france


yeast genetics & genomics

july 22 to august 12, 2025 - 
 cold spring harbor laboratory, cold spring harbor, ny


38th international specialized symposium on yeasts (issy38)

september 01 to september 05, 2025 - 
 warsaw university, warsaw, poland 



new & noteworthy

give a gift / support sgd - january 31, 2025
giving to sgd just got easier! we now accept donations by credit card with this form: give.stanford.edu. select ‘other stanford designation’ under ‘direct your gift’ & in the ‘other’ box, add: saccharomyces genome database – account: ghjko, genetics: wazc. thanks for your support! your generous gift to sgd enables us to continue providing essential information […]
read more


sgd newsletter, december 2024 - december 13, 2024
about this newsletter:this is the december 2024 issue of the sgd newsletter. the goal of this newsletter is to inform sgd users about new features from sgd and to foster communication within the yeast community. contents alphafold protein structures now on sgd protein pages we are thrilled to announce that we have now integrated alphafold protein structures […]
read more


alphafold protein structures now on sgd protein pages - november 18, 2024
we are thrilled to announce that we have now integrated alphafold protein structures into our protein pages! this cutting-edge addition provides detailed, high-accuracy 3d models of protein structures, offering invaluable insights into protein function and interactions. researchers can now explore these comprehensive structural predictions directly within sgd, facilitating advanced studies in molecular biology and bioinformatics. […]
read more


yeastmine shutting down july 15 - july 01, 2024
due to ongoing cuts to our funding, sgd can no longer continue to provide the yeastmine data warehouse resource. it is with heavy hearts that we discontinue this service. back in 2011, sgd implemented intermine (http://www.intermine.org), an open source data warehouse system with a sophisticated querying interface, to create yeastmine, a multifaceted search and retrieval […]
read more


sgd newsletter, summer 2024 - june 20, 2024
about this newsletter:this is the summer 2024 issue of the sgd newsletter. the goal of this newsletter is to inform our users about new features in sgd and to foster communication within the yeast community. you can view this newsletter as well as previous newsletters, on the sgd community wiki. contents give a gift / support sgd budget […]
read more

more articles


 
community forum







yeast2025: 32nd international conference on yeast genetics and molecular biologyconferences


give a gift / support sgdannouncements


csh asia: yeast and life sciencesconferences


yeast genetics & genomics - cshl - summer 2025conferences


sgd is global biodata coalition's feature of the week!announcements


sgd newsletter, december 2024newsletter


sign the open letter showing support for sustainable funding for biodata resourcesannouncements


alphafold protein structures now on sgd protein pagesannouncements


38th international specialized symposium on yeasts issy38conferences


commonly used strainstutorial


sgd community wiki will be shutting down soonannouncements


looking for data? try sgd downloads!tutorial


where to find yeast-gfp clonesstrain collections


yeastmine shutting down july 15announcements


sgd newsletter, summer 2024newsletter


watch the recording of gsa award seminar with jef boekenews and views


reference genome annotation update r64.5announcements


updated call for abstracts - brewmor's webinar on “ai: friend or foe? how to work with ai in the classroom”conferences


international commission on yeasts: june 2024 yeast newsletterannouncements


submission deadline is june 7 for pacific northwest yeast club meeting on july 26conferences


more...










sgd


               about
            

blog


               help
            



               privacy policy
            




































        © stanford university, stanford, ca 94305.
    


















