






<![endif]
<head>




dgfl | digital grid for learning


dgfl – digital grid for learning






















digital grid for learning
primary menuwhat is the dgfl
contact us
dgfl core service
dgfl optional services





what is the dgfl
digital grid for learning (dgfl) is a well-established and highly successful partnership between dudley educational establishments, dudley metropolitan borough council and rm education. the original private finance initiative (pfi) partnership began in 1999 and provided educational establishments with a fully managed ict service for many years. dgfl aims to act as a trusted partner, so we work for the educational establishment bringing to bear dgfl’s operational scale, economy and a wealth of technical and educational expertise. through listening to the ever changing challenges and priorities that impact the participating educational establishments, the service has evolved over time.
as part of this service evolution and having given a lot of thought to how we can contribute to the success of the educational establishments, through the provision of it related services, the concept of the dgfl modular service was created and extremely successful. the service now comprises of a set of core network infrastructure services, with a world class high speed broadband connection and a set of optional services that complement the core provision. educational establishments can choose from these optional services on an annual basis, and thereby tailor the dgfl service to meet their specific requirements over time.
now that the service is no longer underpinned by pfi credits we are accepting applications from any school or academy in dudley or surrounding boroughs.
the current services provided are constantly being reviewed and adapted as a result of technological and curriculum changes and the valued feedback received from all dgfl stakeholders.
the dgfl core service
the foundation of this support is represented by the dgfl core service. the aim of the core service is to provide the educational establishment with a best value, best of breed and subsidised set of essential services, representing all that is needed to operate a reliable and secure network.
the dgfl optional services
the optional services available are designed to provide the educational establishment with a flexible service, moving away from a ‘one size fits all’ approach. these options give schools the choice to model the services that are needed, in response to specific priorities.










 ​© rm education 1997- 2025 


