







baker road














































        skip to content
      











open menu
close menu











































0



















0








                    connect
                  




















0



















0








                    connect
                  
























open menu
close menu

























                connect
              



















get out beyond your personal edge through adventures in nature.



we believe the uncertainty and wildness of the outdoors is the perfect backdrop to better understand your relationship to self, your loved ones, and your work.




    explore adventures
  







































hi, we’re gratefulyou’re here. 



baker road is an adventure studio for men committed to personal growth and service to others.




    learn more
  














upcoming adventures



04















spring cohort



a meaningful personal challenge. together. with rain.




    sold out
  















summer cohort



a meaningful personal challenge. together. with bugs.




    sold out
  















fall executive cohort



a peer group in the woods - a literal country club.




    learn more
  















1:1 discovery day



personal recreation + re-creation.




    learn more
  



























from our community








carlin g. • 2024
"life changing. i gained a whole new perspective about community, my physical abilities, and what being around a group of men could be when everyone comes into it with intention. if someone wants to work on their own vulnerability, mindfulness, and introspection, this experience is a must."








craig m. • 2024
"i absolutely loved it. and i loved the process of it... the training, the gear preparation, the planning, the execution, the community, the integration. i loved it all for its own sake. it was not transactional. there’s so much in my life i pursue in order to achieve some other purpose. this was done as an end in itself."








eric s. • 2023, 2024
"not a race, not a retreat, not a vacation … it's an embrace of a way of life that nurtures your mind, body, and soul."








brenen p. • 2023, 2024 
"genuinely life changing. the physical experience paired with the great group of guys made it an experience i will truly never forget."








kenny s. • 2024
"the crew were gems. i have never felt more loved and served than i did by those guys."








matt g. • 2024
"i spent half a day in knox county with joe. i came feeling weighed down by my work, without the tools to relieve the pressure. i walked away feeling lighter, grounded, and full of gratitude. joe leads with care, empathy, wisdom, and heart. i am grateful for the opportunity to go below the pavement with him, to get to the earth underneath and feel supported in both my journey—and the adventure."








yogi t. • 2024
"being caught up in the movement of work and life can get so loud sometimes. so loud that it can become a drain and distraction from your "why".  the curated adventure with joe was exactly what i needed. to be able to pause, embrace the world around me, and get back in touch with my adventurous inner child gave me life instead of draining it.  highly recommended for a reset as the inner work begins."








benji b. • 2023
"110 stars out of 5"








justin n. • 2023, 2024
"because of the physical challenge, social/emotional walls came down quickly. as a result, the group was incredibly open to each other and transformation took place."










 























    connect
  



contact us



service@bakerroad.com





join our community
sign up to stay connected with baker road and new adventure opportunities. 




email address






join






thank you - we'll keep you posted when new adventures are released. buen camino (may you have a good path), until then!





© 2024 baker road. all rights reserved











