


home











resumegator
your resource for jobs, career 
	tests and online courses










     
      six 
      sigma certification & six sigma training




 












resumegator links and 
            resources

























looking for a job?
animal care biotechnology database engineering entertainment finance graphics health hospitality internet legal managerial networking odd personnel programming public services sales secretarial service specialist teaching








career and job articles
freelance 
            writing, writing 
            jobs, goal setting, quitting a job, it careers,  labor job search, organised job search, career change, resume format, career transition, steller resumes, career success, choosing a career, interviews 






















 




 




 









job search tips 
careers with the fbi
 work  from 
              home




































alabama jobs alaska jobs arizona jobs arkansas jobs california jobs colorado jobs connecticut jobs delaware jobs florida jobs georgia jobs hawaii jobs idaho jobs illinois jobs indiana jobs iowa jobs kansas jobs kentucky jobs louisiana jobs maine jobs maryland jobs massachusetts jobs michigan jobs minnesota jobs mississippi jobs missouri jobs montana jobs nebraska jobs nevada jobs new hampshire jobs new jersey jobs new mexico jobs new york jobs north carolina jobs north dakota jobs ohio jobs oklahoma jobs oregon jobs pennsylvania jobs rhode island jobs south carolina jobs south dakota jobs tennessee jobs texas jobs utah jobs vermont jobs virginia jobs washington jobs west virginia jobs wisconsin jobs wyoming jobs find a 
            lawyer fitness certification online personal trainer certification personal trainer certification find 
            loans and insurance personal injury lawyers 
 


instructor led online courses


 


					accounting


					art, history, psychology, & literature


 


					basic computer literacy


					business administration


 


					certification prep


					child care & parenting


 


					computer applications


					courses for teaching professionals


 


					database management & programming


					digital photography & digital video


 


					entertainment industry


					grant writing & nonprofit management


 


					graphic design


					health care, nutrition, & fitness


 


					languages


					law & legal careers


 


					math, philosophy, & science


					pc troubleshooting, networking, & security


 


					personal development


					personal enrichment


 


					personal finance & wealth building


					sales & marketing


 


					start your own business


					test prep


 


					the internet


					web & computer programming


 


					web graphics & multimedia


					web page design


 


					writing & publishing


 

preparing for a career in information 
            technologyby: john gall 
so you 
            want to work in the information technology field? in this article 
            i'll provide some advice to those seeking employment in this field. 
            keep in mind these are my opinions, others may agree or disagree. 
            
mechanic 
            or engineer? 
the first 
            question to answer is which direction do you want to go? typically 
            there are two types of it staff. those who administer and and those 
            who create. what do i mean by this? ask yourself if you'd rather sit 
            in a cube and write software, create and maintain databases and 
            develop applications, or would you rather install software, manage 
            an e-mail system or create a network or remote access 
            solution. read 
            on.....






is a career a calling or choice?by: michelle l. 
            casto, m.ed. 
how much 
            of our career path is destiny and how much is free will? in my 
            opinion, it is 50/50. we are given a life map at the beginning of 
            our lives, and there are things we are meant to learn, people we are 
            meant to meet, work we are meant to perform. but many of us are not 
            tuned into ourselves and the signs that are presented to us. we 
            often miss important information, and miss out on those lessons, 
            people, and jobs. read 
            on....






how to choose the right resume formatby: fayola 
            peters 
after a 
            thirty (30) second glance lots of resumes get thrown into the 
            wastebasket. one of the reasons this happens is because the resume 
            writer has failed to use the appropriate resume format. 
each 
            individual has different work experiences and objectives. you may 
            have gaps in your work history. you may be changing careers or have 
            had jobs progressively in the same field. 
you need 
            to choose a format that is to your advantage and shows you as the 
            best candidate for the job. read 
            on....











