






enterprise center | north shore business resources





































































































about

salem state university assistance corporation

ssuac board of directors
governing board appointments
acquisition oversight procedures
ssuac board of directors meeting schedule
records / information request


enterprise center staff
our building & office space offerings
speaker opportunities at the enterprise center
directions + parking
call-in hours
records / information request
transparency in coverage data


coronavirus (covid-19)
programs

ceo groups
north of boston business plan program & competition
speakers
workshops
start up tuesday


calendar
resources

audiocasts
blog
newsletter archive
partnerships & resources


contact
subscribe to newsletter
 














businesshappenshere.








established in the heart of educational growth, the enterprise center at salem state university welcomes entrepreneurs, business owners and professionals of all ages and experience levels to come in and learn something new.













welcome
the enterprise center is an entrepreneurial hub that offers business owners office space, education, and access and connections to small business resources. serving entrepreneurs on the north shore and beyond, we invite you to be part of our community. we’re here to help you and your business start, grow and succeed!
home away from home
whether you’re ready to move out of your home office or looking for an office building that provides a built in entrepreneurial community, business resources and professional growth opportunities – the enterprise center is the place for you.
our single story, 53,000 square foot building is located on a vibrant and beautiful university campus. we currently have office spaces for one or two individuals or larger spaces with individual offices for you and your employees.
learn more




 












offerings





ceo groups
a ceo group is a confided peer group that is professionally facilitated and made up of 8 to 10 business owners/ceos. members meet once a month for 3 hours over the course of a year.







million dollar women℠ symposium
every person who is successful has their own uniquer story and experiences! our million dollar women℠ symposium is designed to motivate and empower working women to aspire and succeed in their field.







workshops
established in the heart of educational growth, the enterprise center welcomes business owners and professionals of all ages and experience levels to come in and learn something new.







office space and meeting room for rent!
as an organization, we are committed to entrepreneurs and small businesses in every stage of development through the multitude of resources and educational programs – most of which are free.







open door hours
north shore entrepreneurs and business owners have a valuable resource! the enterprise center helps people start and grow their businesses, and solve their business problems.







business plan program & competition
the enterprise center understands the importance of a business plan and recognizes the value in getting business ideas vetted to improve them.










upcoming programs

view all programs








small business resource webinar: massachusetts commonwealth corporation


wed, feb. 26, 2025 - 9:00am - 10:00am



                                    addressing hiring & training needs – state workforce programs that benefit businesses in this engaging webinar, learn about a series of state workforce development programs administered by commonwealth corporation that can help businesses meet their workforce challenges. these established programs,…                                














start up tuesday – building your brand blueprint: crafting a strategy for growth and connection


tue, mar. 4, 2025 - 8:30am - 10:30pm



                                    building a strong, sustainable brand starts with a clear strategy. this interactive workshop will guide you through defining your brand’s core values, mission, and audience, crafting a unique brand promise, and positioning your business to stand out in the market.…                                














alliance policymaker series speaker: secretary edward augustus


wed, mar. 5, 2025 - 12:00pm - 1:00pm



                                    alliance spring policymaker series secretary edward augustus executive office of housing & livable communities (doors open at 11:30am) hawthorne hotel essex room 18 washington square, salem, ma registration required to attend                                  























recent newsletters




view newsletter archive subscribe to newsletter








ad




ad




ad





















small business story
listen to how jessica moody, owner of moody’s home & gifts in salem, massachusetts discovered the enterprise center and took advantage of our many resources to improve and grow her business. her participation and experience in our business plan program & competition, workshops and ceo groups directly impacted her success.


watch more stories









blog/social







wed, jan. 15, 2025







small business certifications to stand out as a ceo
small business certifications can help businesses grow and gain an edge over their competitors. here is a list of four small business certifications that can help your small business for...


blog












wed, jan. 1, 2025







2025 small business resolutions


blog










fri, dec. 20, 2024







four content ideas for your small business website


blog












thu, dec. 5, 2024







why december is the best time of year to strategize
as we close out 2024 and head into 2025, you must take a look back at your business. while things tend to slow down at the end of the year,...


blog












wed, nov. 20, 2024







how ai can have a positive impact on businesses


blog










sun, nov. 10, 2024







low budget marketing tips for business owners


blog
















address
121 loring ave salem, ma 01970
phone
978-542-7528
fax
978-542-7061
for parking
parking for enterprise center events requires an enterprise center parking pass. parking spots are located around the “main entrance” perimeter of the building and marked by “parking for enterprise center tenants and guests” signs. all other spaces are student parking spaces and can result in a salem state university police parking ticket. if you need a parking pass please call (978) 542-7528.


















small business certifications can help businesses grow and gain an edge over their competitors. here is a list of four small business certifications that can help your small business for the better.
what are small business certifications? 
small business certifications are recognitions that highlight how a business meets criteria or qualifications. they are often required for eligibility in specific programs, contracts, and funding opportunities. these certifications can help small businesses access government contracts, private sector opportunities, and other resources that support business growth. 
b corp certification
a b corp certificate can be awarded to a business that can prove it has a bottom line that impacts the people and the planet. all for-profit organization companies can apply for these certifications. to qualify, you need to take a test that asks questions about your company’s impact on employees, customers, the community, and the environment. if you decide to submit your assessment, b corp will evaluate your results, ask for supporting documents, and set up a phone call to review your answers and your company. 
women owned small business or women’s business enterprise
the u.s. small business administration offers two different certifications for women-owned businesses. the wosb certification provides exclusive access to competitive federal contracts. to qualify for this certification, your business needs to be 51% women-owned and primarily managed by one or more women. the wbe certification provides eligibility to work on both private sector and government contracts. the requirements to hold this certification are similar to the wosb. both of these certifications can help your business network and gain access to new contracts.  
minority-owned business certification
if your business is minority-owned, an mbe is a certification that lets you gain access to private sector and corporate contracts. to be able to qualify, minorities must own at least 51% of the business as well as meet other criteria. 
veteran-owned business certification 
if you are a small business owner and are also a veteran, the veteran-owned business certification can offer support. to qualify as a veteran-owned business, at least 51% of your business must be directly and unconditionally owned by one or more veterans. the veteran owner must have full control over the day-to-day management, decision-making, and policy.
certifications are a great way that you as a small business owner can differentiate your business. once you have applied and received the necessary certifications, it’s important to maintain them by applying for a renewal each year. also, make sure to market your certification on your business website and social media. these certifications are meant to help you grow as a business leader. explore more certification options here and take a class or workshop from the enterprise center at salem state university.   























our sponsors























co-sponsors
































become a sponsor










about
programs
calendar
resources
ssu
contact


subscribe to our newsletter








privacy policy
terms of use
refund policy





								© 2025 copyright salem state university assistance corporation d/b/a the enterprise center. all rights reserved. website designed and developed by sperling interactive.
							



















 sign up for our newsletter!
		
















 

about▼salem state university assistance corporation▼ssuac board of directorsgoverning board appointmentsacquisition oversight proceduresssuac board of directors meeting schedulerecords / information requestenterprise center staffour building & office space offeringsspeaker opportunities at the enterprise centerdirections + parkingcall-in hoursrecords / information requesttransparency in coverage datacoronavirus (covid-19)programs▼ceo groupsnorth of boston business plan program & competitionspeakersworkshopsstart up tuesdaycalendarresources▼audiocastsblognewsletter archivepartnerships & resourcescontactsubscribe to newsletter 



















