



	desert stream


















 














page updated!

×



your page has been updated and a back up was created for the previous version.


close

















about uswelcomewhat we believemeet the teamboard of directorsepiscopal boardfaqcontactjob opportunities
need help?find a groupprogramsdsm carenewsletterinternshipresourcesrecommended friends
living waterswhat is living waters?find a grouptestimoniesliving waters trainingapply to a groupliving waters internationalcrosscurrentdsm video subscriptioncoordinators
connectevent calendarpodcastdsm video subscriptionrequest a speakerdsm caremailing listvolunteer
blog
store
give
















about uswelcomewhat we believemeet the teamboard of directorsepiscopal boardfaqcontactjob opportunities
need help?find a groupprogramsdsm carenewsletterinternshipresourcesrecommended friends
living waterswhat is living waters?find a grouptestimoniesliving waters trainingapply to a groupliving waters internationalcrosscurrentdsm video subscriptioncoordinators
connectevent calendarpodcastdsm video subscriptionrequest a speakerdsm caremailing listvolunteer
blog
store
give
































who we are

based on jesus' mercy and the dignity of men and women made in god's image, we equip christians to gather in pursuit of radical wholeness.
learn more













upcoming events

feb15living waters international leadership training: london, englandthe leadership training seminar equips men and women for effective ministry to the sexually and relationa...
feb19cross current onlinean open, christ-centered support group for men and women seeking truth and grace in their sexuality and r...
mar5cross current onlinean open, christ-centered support group for men and women seeking truth and grace in their sexuality and r...
mar10oasis onlinean offering for family and friends in light of our desire to be present to loved ones who identify with a...
full calendar



our store  




need help?

enjoy these resources to help in your journey of healing and integration. 
newslettersprograms
 other resources join mailing list 
submit care request contact us

covenant eyes is a tool to help people overcome pornography and live in accountability to be restored and transformed. with code dsmfreedom you can get 30 days free (with website purchase only).email dgreer@desertstream.org with any questions.


our team




andrew comiskey
founder/ director


annette comiskey
associate director operations

marco casanova
associate directorliving waters usa

katie comiskeydirector at largeliving waters usa

abigail foard
 assistant directorlw international

dean greer
dsm care coordinator

beni nobrega
accounting 








contact usgive
  
  
  







© copyright 2025, desert stream living waters, all rights reserved.



top










