


keyboard quarterbacks






















 








thursday, june 02, 2005



	 
	 mets musings
	 
    


      ponderings from behind the keyboard. . .what's the over/under on aaron heilman taking a job in the mets' starting rotation? my optimistic side hopes it's sooner rather than later, but my realistic side tells me the more time passes, the deeper he digs himself into the long reliever pigeon-hole. every winning team needs a strong long-man, and heilman certainly has looked the part, but his early-season success as a stopgap starter earned him the right to a few more starts. victor zambrano and kaz ishii, no doubt, will continue their off-again, on-again adventures. willie randolph has already made it clear he's going to stick with those guys (and he sort of has to, based on whom they were traded for), so it may depend a lot more on injuries than it will on the performances of ishii, zambrano, or even heliman himself. over/under: july 15, two weeks before the trade deadline.* * * it's been a strange couple of months for the mets' lineup, which seems to get hot and cold on almost daily basis. first, cliff floyd was hot. so was doug mientkiewicz, for about a week. then mike piazza had a couple of "piazza-like" games. then mike cameron came back, and he got hot. now david wright is hot, although he's starting to cool slightly. jose reyes has had some terrific games, but almost as many clunkers. carlos beltran is even harder to figure. as bizarre as this sounds, the one player to whom i can best compare him is alex rodriguez. he's got tremendous talent -- a transcendent five-tool player -- and has put up great (or, at least, very good) numbers, but for some reason hasn't found his place with the fans yet.fans always expect more from free agents who breeze into town with big hoopla (see: giambi, jason; glavine, tom). we're are never as forgiving to hired guns as are to homegrown stars like derek jeter or reyes. however, i would be remiss not to go to bat for beltran, who was booed after going 0-for-4 and leaving four runners in scoring position tuesday night.beltran's defense has been the one key aspect that has gone, it seems, almost completely unnoticed. he's gotten a few ovations for strong throws from the outfield, but it's his intimidation factor that makes him an almost nightly force for baserunners to cope with. example: in wednesday night's game, the mets led 2-1 with two outs in the ninth inning. pinch hitter tony clark singles, then alex cintron follows with a shot to center. beltran fields the ball quickly and fires it in. clark, the potential tying run, does not even try to advance to third. in that situation in any of the past, oh, 43 years, clark is probably on third base. i don't need to tell any knowledgeable fan the significance of keeping a tying run  off third. it's good, fundamental, winning baseball. that's what beltran brings to the mets, and that's why he'll be a great influence to players like reyes and wright, who certainly have a lot to learn before they can ascend to the his stratospheric level.* * *did a quick check of the all-star voting yesterday and discovered the mike piazza was the leading vote-getter for nl catchers. mike's a good man, but this only strengthens every argument against allowing fans to vote for all-star selections. i suppose i shouldn't get so bent out of shape about it, since the mlb all-star game is about the fans, after all, right? but more than anything else, it's a popularity contest. piazza, batting .249 with 6 home runs and 26 rbis, is having, by anyone's valuation, the worst season of his career. i've never had problem with aging stars playing in all-star games, but at what point do you have to try to be fair to others who have earned the right to start the game? i'm probably overreacting. but one last note before i move on: two of the other top vote-getters at their positions -- cubs shortstop nomar garciaparra and cardinals third baseman scott rolen -- are currently injured and probably won't even play in the game. and tino martinez leads all al first baseman by nearly 100,000 votes... *shrug** * *dae-sung koo is on his last legs with the mets. there's no denying that now. koo's struggles have brought about omar minaya's first real challenge of the 2005 season. he's got a surplus of starting pitching and outfielders, and no reliable lefty reliever anywhere in the system. how he molds and reshapes that group could have a significant impact on the rest of the season.check back on newsday.com tomorrow afternoon, when i'll talk to newsday's dave lennon about minaya's plans for the team this summer, as well as some possible trade candidates at relief pitcher. perhaps he can shed some light on the critical moves the mets are bound to make over the next two months.* * *speaking of lefty relievers, it seems that john rocker has finally corrected the control problems that plagued him early in the season with the long island ducks. but the mets would never sign him, would they? well, you'd be surprised. stay tuned...e-mail mike casey at michael.casey@newsday.com



posted by mike casey @ 10:53 am  
    	 





tuesday, may 10, 2005



	 
	 so much for a relaxing night at the ballpark
	 
    


      as seems to be the case a lot lately in central islip, there was an unusual buzz in the air tuesday night. it was about a lot more than just a rematch of last year's atlantic league world series against the camden riversharks.it was about a man. a man who has become the object of such intense scrutiny and curiosity that it belies his otherwise modest and friendly surroundings. you know who i'm talking about -- you're probably sick of reading his name. it's john rocker.sitting in the press box at citibank park, i saw rocker's impact on the team from a unique perspective.first and most obvious, there was the media presence. newsday sent two reporters and a photographer. the daily news sent a photographer and a reporter. even the newark (n.j.) star ledger sent a reporter. had it been a normal may 10 ballgame, i may have been the only writer in the ballpark. but it's hard to feel normal when john rocker's in town.during the pre-game chatter that usually fills the press box with light banter and talk of the local major league teams, one cameraman detailed his efforts to photograph rocker during pre-game warm-ups:"he came out of the bullpen and i stood on the first baseline. when he saw me, he kind of turned his back to me and walked like, sidesaddle, towards the dugout."someone cracked, "did he do the moonwalk?" that was the kind of night it was.a palpable feeling of tense anticipation permeated the press box, and indeed the entire ballpark, until rocker entered the game in the 7th inning. at that point, the media contingent let out a collective sigh of relief -- they had not made the trip for nothing -- and the fans rained down their emotions -- some cheers, some jeers -- with passion uncommon in the normally casual citibank park atmosphere.after the game, too, rocker's presence was felt. when the ducks' public relations staff informed us that "john rocker will not be available for comment tonight," my first reaction was not to feel surprised, even though we'd been told rocker would talk if he pitched in last night's game. after all, this is a man who's had so much trouble dealing with the media, he hired his own publicist -- and even that hasn't keep him out of trouble.i even felt a little sorry for the pr staff, which is proud of the affable environment they've constructed and must feel a strain from dealing with a headache the size of the state of georgia."he's a very positive influence around here," ducks skipper don mccormack told us after the game (a noble effort from a manager who's just trying to help his pitcher win games and get back to the majors).but hasn't rocker's presence made things a little more tense these days? "not for those other guys," mccormack said, referring to rocker's teammates. they must be the only people who haven't noticed.
      


posted by mike casey @ 11:55 pm  
    	 





thursday, may 05, 2005



	 
	 going down with the ship
	 
    


      most yankees fans i talk to can hardly remember the last time they felt this badly about their team's fortunes. you would think it's been 111 years, not 11, since their team last missed the playoffs. although, as good as they've been in the last decade, you can sort of understand why they'd feel that way.all that winning has led to a much-deserved confidence/arrogance among yankees fans that the team, as currently configured, will turn things around. but as i watched the bombers go down to a third straight humiliating defeat against the tampa bay devil rays tonight, i got to thinking: what if they don't turn it around? is this the end of the yankee dynasty as we know it?invariably, when dynasties end, good people get hurt along with the bad. in much the same way, the yankee cornerstones of derek jeter, mariano rivera, jorge posada, and bernie williams could be enjoying their last few months together. sometimes you have to throw out the apple to kill the worms.so i decided to handicap the odds that various players and coaches will be traded, released, or fired by the yankees before the end of the season, assuming the team continues to falter. all bets/parlays must be placed prior to may 31 and sent to newsday.com, c/o mike casey, assistant news manager, 235 pinelawn rd. melville, ny 11747. hmmm. . . on second thought, that's probably not a smart idea. just use these for "recreational" purposes, like the point spreads they print in the newspaper:derek jeter: 999 to 1.jeter is a cornerstone in the truest sense of the word. take him out of the mix, and the entire team would crumble. his trade value is astronomical, but the yankees wouldn't dream of dealing him. not only is he a leader and team captain, he's one of the few players who hasn't underperformed this season. and he's still the most marketable and popular yankee.alex rodriguez: 750 to 1.good luck getting rid of this guy. sure, he's got great numbers. but he's also got a $500 bazillion contract and zero world series rings. even if the yankees wanted to trade him (they don't), they wouldn't be able to find a team that could afford him.hideki matsui: 750 to 1.matsui has been the yankees' most reliable offensive player the past two seasons. he plays good defense and is a solid citizen. he never complains and he hits well in the clutch. no reason the yanks would ever part with him, unless george steinbrenner fired cashman and replaced him with george costanza.mariano rivera: 500 to 1.the yankees wouldn't really considering trading mariano, would they? no, probably not. but if -- and it's a big if -- he continues his recent run of mortality, and the yankees drop out of the playoff race, someone desperate for a proven postseason closer could float a very appealing offer the yankees' way. the deal would have to include someone the yanks felt strongly could become their next great closer, though, and those guys just don't come along every day. carl pavano: 500 to 1.the yanks would be nuts to trade him. they've got him under contract through 2008 and he's practically a teenager (29) by yankee standards. he's one of the few guys on this team who has a chance to still be in his prime three years from now. they'll keep him.gary sheffield: 400 to 1.he's played very well and he makes a lot of money. that means two things: 1) the yanks don't want to trade him. 2) the yanks would have a tough time trading him. the only variable is if the team takes a serious nosedive and he pulls a "milwaukee brewer," mailing it in and becoming a clubhouse nuisance. but so far, so good.randy johnson: 250 to 1.ironic that he said he would only go to the yankees because they gave him the best chance to win a world series, isn't it? steinbrenner paid a small fortune to acquire him, and he's got him under contract through next year. johnson actually wouldn't make bad trade bait, but the yankees have way too much invested in him to ever give him up. he'll stay in pinstripes.bernie williams 200 to 1.your natural inclination is to think bernie is safe. he's won four rings. he's still immensely popular. but he's also in the last year of his contract. the yankees would never resort to the embarrassment of releasing him, but they might consider trading him if a team desperate for a good switch-hitting pinch hitter comes knocking in july. emphasis on might.tino martinez 150 to 1.tino is well-liked and respected in the yankee clubhouse. but there's no reason to keep him around at his age if it's not going to be as a leader on a young or playoff-bound team. he could draw interest at the trade deadline from the cardinals, braves, or angels as a solid lefty pinch-hitter or defensive replacement off the bench.jason giambi: 100 to 1.the yankees would love -- love -- to unload this guy. but he's still owed about three michael jackson settlement's worth of money, which means a buyout is out of the question. if he ever got hot, which isn't likely to happen, cashman would shop him all over town. maybe they'd find someone dumb enough to take him. is kevin malone still general managing somewhere?joe torre: 75 to 1.it amazes me how many yankees fans want him fired. it isn't that he's done such a great job with this particular installment of bronx bombers -- it's that i don't know who could do any better. who exactly would the fans prefer to coach this bunch of indifferent moneygrabbers? the drill sergeant from "full metal jacket?" jimmy doogan from "league of their own?" joe has never enjoyed a fully harmonious relationship with gen. steinbrenner, which means he could stand before the firing squad if this $200 million whale goes in the tank.mike mussina: 60 to 1.fight it all you want. the fact is mike mussina makes $19 million and has a 4.50 era. he's been decent as a yankee, but not outstanding. his high price tag and reputation for being a snobbish clubhouse presence make him a fairly unattractive player to dangle as trade bait. however, his past credentials and detachment from the hearts and minds of the yankee fan leave him as their most tradable starting pitcher.jorge posada: 40 to 1.all the conditions are right for posada to become the first member of the yankee nucleus to leave town. he makes a somewhat manageable $11 million. he's played on championship teams, which increases his trade value. at 33, teams may believe he's still got a couple of productive years left in him. he's underachieved this season, but if you think teams won't overpay for a power-hitting, switch-hitting catcher at the trade deadline, see nurse ratched at the asylum. kevin brown: 20 to 1forget about a trade. this guy is about as untradable as a 1992 fleer kim batiste rookie card. he's a multi-million dollar albatross around the yankees' neck. the only way they'll get rid of him is if the boss takes a big bite out of the $15.7 million brown's owed and swallows hard. as bad as he's been, and as disliked as he's reported to be in the clubhouse, it's not hard to believe that will happen.tony womack: 10 to 1he can still hit, he can still run, and he's not bad defensively. he wants to play for a winning team. if the yanks freefall, womack will be among the first to go. he's extremely marketable at $2 million, and he'd make a good trade deadline addition for any club looking to bolster a playoff-bound lineup.brian cashman: 3 to 1brian is an upfront, honest guy. that's hard to come by in new york. but he's made one bad move too many, and he'll be the first to go if the house of cards falls. you might argue that many of the poorest moves he's made (giambi, brown, failing to re-sign andy pettite) were orchestrated by the boss himself. fair or not, he's going to take the blame. that how things work in steinbrenner's world.comments? e-mail me at michael.casey@newsday.com



posted by mike casey @ 9:48 pm  
    	
         3 comments






tuesday, april 26, 2005



	 
	 my surreal paul o'neill moment
	 
    


      on saturday, i covered the yankees for the newspaper, which was kind of funny, since i hadn't even been to yankee stadium in 10 years. as surreal as it was to make my return to the bronx as a member of the working press, it was more surreal to find myself in a clubhouse with jeter, a-rod, mariano, and bernie. down the hall and to the right, joe torre's office, decorated with photos of his finest baseball memories, included a framed shot of he and don zimmer celebrating with their arms around each other. it was a yankee fan's mecca and and a baseball fan's heaven rolled into one. and even as surreal as all that was, my most striking out-of-body experience came at a most unexpected time.during the third inning, i slinked off the men's room and soon found myself standing next to the yankee legend known as paul o'neill. paul was working with the yes network, hence his skyscraping presence in the media restroom. my first thought was, "good lord, he's a tall man!" i think my next thought was "i guess even legends have to answer the call of nature." then i thought about how funny it was that i was standing next to one of the most popular yankees of all-time, one of the most emotional players in recent memory, and now here he was, calm as could be, standing next to me -- a young reporter he's never heard of -- in the media restroom. we were peers. i mean, what's more unremarkable than standing next someone in a men's room at a baseball game? (don't answer that).i wondered if it felt as surreal for him to be a part of the media as it did for me to be standing amongst the stars in the clubhouse. in the media workroom, o'neill almost could have been 'one of the guys,' except for the fact that he was the only one over 6 feet tall, the only one wearing a size 68 suit (that's a rough estimate), and the only one who the players smiled at when he walked in the clubhouse.my mind wandered, and just that quickly, he was gone. he brushed past me and sprinted back to the broadcast booth. the fourth inning had begun. he had to get back on the air. and i had to get back to my laptop. and that's what it's like to cover the yankees.
      


posted by mike casey @ 12:45 pm  
    	
         0 comments






wednesday, april 13, 2005



	 
	 he had to be there? get outta here
	 
    


      it's rare that i can actually stomach more than a few minutes of wfan's chris russo "taking" calls from listeners ("taking" more like "deflecting"). but every so often he stumbles upon a topic that is both pertinent and interesting to the sports fan. tuesday's subject du jour? should pedro martinez have skipped the mets' home opener at shea stadium in favor of attending the boston red sox's world series ring and banner ceremony at fenway park?"this isn't about pedro and his relationship with the boston front office or the mets fans," mad dog howled. "pedro's been a met for two weeks. this is about baseball history.""for the sake of baseball history," he said, "pedro had to be at fenway. he had to be there!"i'm sorry, let me get this straight: the mets spend $53 million on a stud pitcher, annoint him the new face of the franchise (the batters eye will attest to that) and he's not going to be at their home opener? after two brilliant games, you're not going to give the fans a chance to cheer their new hero? let's think for a second about the kind of a message that sends to shea's paying customers. yeah, well, uh, thanks for showing up. i know we got this new guy but, uh, he's not around right now, so, uh... just clap for him and we'll show you highlights of him wearing another team's jersey while you try to get excited about your 1-5 team.seriously...as much as "baseball" needed pedro to be at fenway, the mets needed him at shea. for the sake of a fan base that hasn't had an ace since dwight gooden; for the sake of a team that's trying to forge a new identity; for the sake of mets fans who love the pomp and circumstance of opening day, pedro had to be at shea.sure, it would have been nice if pedro had gone to boston. it would have been nice for bosox fans to see him smile and wave his new ring. all those things could have happened, too. all boston had to do was sign on the dotted line.e-mail mike caseyvote: pedro on opening day



posted by mike casey @ 8:23 am  
    	 





wednesday, march 30, 2005



	 
	 psyched? you might say that
	 
    


finally, a long, cold new york winter has subsided. for mets fans used to spending the majority of the offseason trying to justify a junk heap's worth of hot stove moves, it was the most satisfying winter in team history...* * *...it was one of those signature sporting moments -- the day i found out the mets signed carlos beltran. i was at my friend kevin's house, had just woken up after a three-hour sleepover at penn station obliged due to a missed last train home. the broncos-colts playoff game had quickly devolved into a reasonable facsimile of super bowl xxiv (possibly the worst sporting event ever propagated upon mankind). so like a good (bored) newsday.com minion, i decided to see how our site was looking.that's when it hit me.beltran! the mets were supposed to sign beltran that day. sure enough, like clockwork, jon heyman had sent in an early-for-web story pronouncing the good news. beltran was amazin'. the era of the new mets had officially begun. and a half-decade of second-guessing finally ended.for mets fans, there's no need to rehash the whole painstaking itinerary. but for the sake of dramatic effect, i'll do that.first there was the a-rod debacle, the tipping point that led to the decline following the mets' 2000 world series appearance. then came the robbie alomar trade, the can't miss deal that did -- badly. the mo vaughn trade (shudder). jeromy burnitz. cliff floyd and tom glavine, not the difference-makers the wilpons claimed them (and paid them) to be. the vlad disaster of '04. and ohhhh the talk radio. the way fans -- fans of the mets! -- would lambaste fred & jeff and phillips & duquette. the only thing missing was another idiotic bobby bonilla or roger cedeno acquisition -- or no, wait -- there was one of those, too, wasn't there?but at last -- at long, long, sweet last, mets fans have what they've been longing for. not one, but two, difference-making players who actually have a shot to earn some of the ridiculous money they're being paid to play ball.are there problems with pedro? sure, there could be. is it possible beltran will suffer a meltdown? yeah, i guess. but is there anyway you can second-guess omar minaya for bringing them to shea? i can't imagine there is.with the instant credibility a pair of stars like pedro and beltran bring to the mets, they've suddenly got one of the most star-studded lineups in baseball, not to mention a decent pitching rotation. of course, mets fans have become used to disappointment from their top stars. but it hasn't always worked out that way. mike piazza sure delivered on his promise, didn't he? in fact, wasn't the piazza trade -- a deal for a high-impact, high profile star in the prime of his career -- the singlemost significant deal in mets' rise from mediocrity in the late 90s?this was the kind of winter mets fans have only dreamed of until now. and as with the heady optimism of spring, there will be great expectations and disappointments and peaks and valleys throughout the season. but the mets are in the ballgame. they matter again -- and right now, that's all that matters. welcome to the new mets.



posted by mike casey @ 9:18 am  
    	 





tuesday, march 22, 2005



	 
	 back on the radar
	 
    


      has it really been six weeks since i last felt inspired to contribute anything to our wonderful blog? i guess so...contrary to popular belief, i have not gone missing for any of the following reasons:1) suspension due to derisive comments regarding women's college basketball. turns out, a lot of people agreed with me.2) overdosed on anti-depressants following cancellation of 2004-05 nhl season. thank god for march madness. but the mets had better be playing 'meaningful games' this september...3) bought time-share in port st. lucie to be closer to the 'new' mets. no, i'm not one of those. i'm glad i'm not one of those. by "those" i mean people like the cowbell man at shea, the yankee superfan who paints the logo on his face, and the lady cardinals fan from the "i live for this" commercial who says she cries before every game. i like baseball, but i mean, c'mon. should mlb really be rewarding these people by putting them on television?4) on sabbatical to discover the meaning of life. actually, there's an element of truth to this one. but all i really discovered was how much i hate saturated coverage of spring training, the nba in general, and the fact that i have memorized the outcome of every 2004 world series of poker tournament.now that i'm back, i plan to write at least once a week, provided i'm not commandeered to do other things -- like work. in the meantime, don't worry folks: i'm not planning any 1,000-word masterpieces on the nhl's new blue ice.... yet.here are some interesting sports things i've got kicking around my head these days:nfl committee proposes 19 rule changessabres draw attention with blue ice regis wins class b state title



posted by mike casey @ 7:27 am  
    	 















links

newsday.com sports
e-mail mike casey
e-mail mark la monica
e-mail jonathan mccarthy

previous posts

mets musings
so much for a relaxing night at the ballpark
going down with the ship
my surreal paul o'neill moment
he had to be there? get outta here
psyched? you might say that
back on the radar
a hockey fan's lament
super bowl stories actually worth reading
one way or another, it's up to players

archives

july 2004
august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005






 



 










