




	missouri birding society















missouri birding society
                

membership
donate
search


                    dedicated to the preservation and protection of birds and other wildlife;
                    to education and appreciation of the natural world;
                    and to effective wildlife and habitat conservation practices
                



missouri birding society





home
mbs
bluebird
birds
birding
science
events
help

login











the missouri
 birding society



founded in 1901 as the audubon society of missouri, the missouri birding society is a statewide organization dedicated to the preservation and protection of birds and other wildlife forms. membership is open to all interested in birds.



learn more





the bluebird quarterly journal



the bluebird is published four times each year to permanently archive information on missouri birds. articles include seasonal field reports, results of the deliberations of the missouri bird records committee, research, and mbs business.




learn more





go birding in missouri



with nearly 70,000 square miles and 114 counties, there are numerous places to explore and find birds. our county guide will help you find some of these treasures locally or if you venture a bit further.



learn more





birds of missouri



missouri lies in the middle of the great north american heartland, with a fauna that reflects influences from all directions. being east of center, our state will always fall within the “eastern” volume of any two-volume field guide; yet one can feel a pull from the west at the sight of a swainson’s hawk or a greater roadrunner…or a collared lizard on a cedar glade.



learn more





bird records committee



the missouri bird records committee (mbrc) is a standing committee of mbs that maintains a state checklist of birds, reviews reports of rare and unusual birds, and archives such records.




learn more





birder resources



check out the event calendar and numerous links to other resources of interest to missouri birders including our listserv/mailing list and our facebook page.



learn more








contact us



subject

select your subject
membership & related concerns
help with rare bird documentation
request for bird id
meeting concerns / information
technical issues with website
other



name



email



message
















mailing address

2101 w. broadway
pmb 122
columbia, mo 65203-1261 






recent unusual sightings from ebird





 
                                            












© 2025
        missouri birding society. all rights reserved. v4.0



mailing list
facebook



acknowledgements
non-discrimination policy


spawned by ajendeavors, llc



















