

































demand notes faqs - program discontinued | ally

















































 skip to main content


     


 

 ally.com 
 contact us 
 help 
 search 
        

 








 our company 
 social impact 
 careers 
 investor relations 
 suppliers 
 media center 













home



about us



investor relations



demand notes




















 









our demand notes program has been discontinued.























on december 11, 2020, ally financial inc. provided noteholder notice to the demand notes investor base detailing ally’s intention to terminate our demand notes program and redeem, in full, all outstanding demand notes. the program closure and demand note redemption date was march 1, 2021. 
below, we’ve compiled a list of our most frequently asked questions regarding the discontinuation of our demand notes program, and potential next steps for demand account holders.















faqs


we have answers.







 who can i contact with questions concerning my demand notes account? 



you can contact customer care at 1-800-684-8823 monday – friday, 8:30 am - 7 p.m. et. we'll be happy to help.






 why did ally terminate our demand notes program? 



demand notes are financial instruments generally established by non-bank finance companies. our demand notes program was established prior to the formation of our subsidiary, ally bank—which is an fdic-insured financial institution. 
with substantially all of ally’s business now occurring within the ally bank entity, the demand notes program is no longer an efficient use of our resources.

































  



  



  



  



  



  



  



  






















more information about ally



about




 our company 
 social impact 
 careers 
 investor relations 
 suppliers 
 media center 








business solutions



 corporate finance 
 dealer services 
 ally ventures 







learn



 conversationally 
 financial education programs 
 mortgage assistance 







resources



 contact 


 atm locator 
 site map 
 shop ally gear 
 accessibility 







terms & privacy



 ally invest disclosures 
 legal 
 privacy 
 security 
 targeted advertising preferences 























a few things you should know
ally financial inc. (nyse: ally) is a leading digital financial services company,   nmls id 3015 . ally bank, the company's direct banking subsidiary, offers an array of deposit and mortgage products and services. ally bank is a member fdic and equal housing lender  



 ,   nmls id 181005 . credit products and any applicable mortgage credit and collateral are subject to approval and additional terms and conditions apply. programs, rates and terms and conditions are subject to change at any time without notice.
ally servicing llc,   nmls id 212403  is an affiliate of ally financial inc.
options involve risk and are not suitable for all investors. review the   characteristics and risks of standardized options brochure   before you begin trading options. options investors may lose the entire amount of their investment or more in a relatively short period of time. 
trading on margin involves risk. you can lose more funds than you deposit in a margin account. please review   margin account agreement and disclosure  for more information regarding margin trading.
securities products and services are offered through ally invest securities llc, member   finra / sipc . for background on ally invest securities go to   finra’s brokercheck .  advisory services offered through ally invest advisors inc., a registered investment adviser.    view invest disclosures . ally invest advisors and ally invest securities  are wholly owned subsidiaries of ally financial inc.  securities products are not fdic insured, not bank guaranteed, and may lose value. 
before you invest, you should carefully review and consider the investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses of any mutual fund or exchange-traded fund (etf) you are considering. etf trading prices may not necessarily reflect the net asset value of the underlying securities. a mutual fund/etf prospectus contains this and other information and can be obtained by emailing  support@invest.ally.com .
ladder insurance services, llc (ca license # ok22568; ar license # 3000140372) offers term life insurance products issued by multiple insurers. for details go to   ladderlife.com . all insurance product terms are set and governed by the individual insurance policy. each insurer has financial responsibility for its own products. 
ally credit cards are issued by ally bank, member fdic. mastercard and the circles design are registered trademarks, and mastercard id theft protection is a trademark, of mastercard international incorporated. ©2025 mastercard. all rights reserved. certain terms, conditions, and exclusions apply. cardholders need to register for this service. this service is provided by iris® powered by generali.
fico® is a registered trademark of the fair isaac corporation in the united states and other countries.
ally and do it right are registered service marks of ally financial inc.
app store is a service mark of apple inc. google play is a trademark of google inc. 
zelle and the zelle related marks are wholly owned by early warning services, llc and are used herein under license.
from nerdwallet. © 2017-2025 and tm, nerdwallet, inc. all rights reserved. 
from fortune. ©2025 fortune media ip limited. all rights reserved. fortune and fortune 100 best companies to work for® are registered trademarks of fortune media ip limited and are used under license. fortune and fortune media ip limited are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of ally financial.  
people’s companies that care logo® is a registered trademark of ti gotham, inc., a dotdash meredith company. used under license.

















©2009-2025 ally financial inc.










our site works better with javascript enabled.
learn
      how to turn
      it on in your browser.




