














frunobu land














skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar






frunobu land

















monday, october 13, 2008







my favorite radio station





do you guys have a favorite radio station?  i'm not french, but i really like this french radio station wit fm at bordeaux, it features some great tunes, techno, dance, all the best current hits.  i don't understand a word that those comentators are saying, but still it's good stuff *thubms up* i would love to hear which radio stations you guys love? just leave comments in the comments section.





posted by

johnnie



at

11:57 pm



4 comments:
  
























monday, april 7, 2008







i'm easilly amused...





i am a girl fascinated by everything around me. i love to watch the rainfall and my cats hunt. i enjoy people watching and experimenting with new things. i'm a passionate, yet realist, environmentalist but my interest spanned quite a bit further. i love to experiment with cooking and different art forms. i value all living things, big or small.i like making people think and when oher do the same for me. i'm a student at heart, craving to learn new things. i'm up for experiencing anything and everything that comes my way.i've never quite fit into group because i'm a person who can't be labelled. and i love it!!!! i will never conform!!! so don't expect me to act like other girls.i really like guys with a sense of humour who aren't afraid to think and act outside the box. when i first started writing this that was all i was looking for but i have since added to my list. qualities i look for: motivated, non-materialistic, reliable, honest, can challenge me and is able to debate (or argue if you like) about anything (serious or silly!).other then that i'm a nut without a shell!!





posted by

johnnie



at

10:26 am



2 comments:
  

























home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)








daukering
brouchoud blog
mofogo




blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2008

(2)





        ▼ 
      



october

(1)

my favorite radio station








        ► 
      



april

(1)











 










