



purdue university cytometry laboratories | welcome, pucl is the leading cytometry site since 1993.
















































log in













purdue university cytometry laboratories

welcome, pucl is the leading cytometry site since 1993.









 






search this site: 










> purdue cytometry discussion list> new jobs


twitter tweets by @cytometryman



cytometry part a- feed cytonorm 2.0: a flexible normalization framework for cytometry data without requiring dedicated controls

a 37‐color spectral flow cytometric panel to assess transcription factors and chemokine receptors in human intestinal lymphoid cells

measuring the size of oil droplets in a flow cytometer using mie resonances: a possible size calibration ladder for 0.5–6 μm

more






 
cytometrymeetings2012 meetings2011 meetings2010 meetings2009 meetings2008 meetings2007 meetings2006 meetings2005 meetings2004 meetings2003 meetingsproductsreagentsbeadsinstrumentsservicessoftware & computerimage analysislight sourcesmicroscopes opticalsoftwaresoftware catalogjava spectra widgetswinmdi softwarefcs assistantfcs pressflowjo democonfocal assistantldatapppic converterpucl softwarewebsitesusa - allusa - eastusa - midwestusa - westusa - southcanadauk and europeaustralia and asiaconfocalorganizationsgeneral societiesjournalsbooksreference in flow cytometryreference in confocal microscopyjobspositions availablepositions neededpost-docshc flowreferencesprotocolscytokine ref. chartmab ref. chartcheap flightsour labvisitorsdetailed directionslocal weatherconfocalmicroscopy instrumentationanalysis & software capabilitiesflow cytometryassayscoulter cytomics fc500moflo xdp high speed cell sorter and analyzerbio-rad bryte hs flow cytometerresearchcurrent research projectsimage and 3d reconstructiontime-lapse confocal reflection imagingsperm selection technologiesmicrobiology and flow cytometryveterinary medicine and flow cytometrypublicationseducationcoursesclassesbms 524 - imagingbms 631 - flow cytometrybms 633 for bme studentsbms 634 for  bme studentslecturespresenting a seminarpresenting to general publiccds & dvdsvideo tutorialscytometry list





 


works from pucl:


 seen these covers? they represent work from puclcytometry 51b 21-29, 2003cytometry 67a 61-67, 2005molecular & cellular proteomics 5: 2-13, 2006micromech. microeng. 17 (2007) 1558-1566





dvds available:


the purdue group has a new dvd-booklet package focused on global health, aimed at sharing ideas and information about innovative programs in resource-limited countries. we will freely distribute 100,000 copies around the world. publication date for this product was may 2009. .. this is a high profile project and we encourage individuals and institutions to distribute copies. to do so, please send an email to: disc11@flowcyt.cyto.purdue.edu or go to global health dvd a significant amount of sponsorship is available for this project. with 20,000 distribution, this project will be very attractive to sponsors. to inquire about furture opportunities please contact us at: disc11sponsor@flowcyt.cyto.purdue.edu





everest greeting to cytometry community from jpr


dr. j. paul robinson, pucl director has just returned from nepal having sucessfully summited the world's tallest mountain at 29,035ft. the effort was closely related to raising awareness of the devastating problems of aids in resource-limited countries, with the goal of raising money for purdue's nonprofit cytometry for life program.c4l is developing low-cost diagnostics to help hiv/aids victims in rural africa receive treatment. you can follow the timeline of the climb his blog.






 





robinson lab current projects
j. paul robinson labgoogle scholar link to see our publications laser induced breakdown spectroscopy: we have combined laser induced breakdown spectroscopy (libs) with lanthanide-antibody tags to create a unique way to detect pathogens or toxins. we currently designed and built a custom libs instrument and we plan to move this to a field deployable hand-held instrument for biological detection. the opportunities extend from bioterrorism, to food pathogens and chemical contaminants. this exciting technology has the opportunity for an innovative approach that incorporates detection, diagnostics and quantification. (funded by usda) elastic light scatter: we developed a technology for identification of bacterial pathogens using elastic light scatter (els). it uses a laser to interrogate a bacterial colony and the scatter forms a unique pattern onto an imaging sensor. we have developed a number of projects from this technology including new approaches to classification, instrumentation and automation. (funded by usda)here is a link that explanins els....   and lots more on this page single photon spectroscopy: we are very excited about the opportunities in expanding our current pmt/apd photon measurement technologies to single photon (sp) detection. of particular interest is the unique expansion of spectral analysis in flow cytometry using single photon detectors. here is a link to a recent paper on single photon detector design by our collaborator masaonobu  yamamoto. we have developed our own unique high-speed, low-noise detector and we are moving toward building a 42 ch array detector which we believe will be transformational in biological imaging and the first such detector ever created. the opportunities for integration into multiple detection technologies are endless! single photon detectors will one day replace many current photon detectors.  (funded by nsf)here is a link to a recent book we published on this topic nano-particle detection: it seems everyone wants to study nano-particles (np) but few if any technologies can actually achieve measurement of single nps and let alone characterize them. we have designed a blu-ray based technology as a point of care (poc) technology that can analyze particles as small as 20nm. we want to advance this technology by integrating multiple fluorescent detection options, and in the future determine how to sort or separate these particles. there are many applications for this technology – detection of cancer-markers in plasma, monitoring cancer after therapy, monitoring hiv or hbv or potentially any perhaps any viral disease or even plastic particles in the environment.here is a youtube link about this project     spectral sorting project:   we recently (nov, 2020) installed propel's latest sorter - the bigfoot. this sorter has 60 detectors and 9 lasers, and is the most sophisticated sorter on the market. it has some special attributes related to spectral sorting. we have recently been testing the sorter by sorting single e. coli or s. aureus organisms directly onto petri dishes. we can sort a single organism into any specific location on the dish. one goal is to expand our database of known organisms using eleastic light scatter technology (see above).  some of our software projects1. high throughput flow cytometry analysis 



single cell analysis
new book from purdue university cytometry laboratories and university of modena, italyhttp://link.springer.com/book/10.1007%2f978-981-10-4499-1  chapters1. microenvironment cytometry   paul j. smith, victoria griesdoorn, oscar f. silvestre, rachel j. errington2. rare cells: focus on detection and clinical relevance
	sara de biasi, lara gibellini, milena nasi, marcello pinti, andrea cossarizza3. “e all’ottavo giorno, dio creò la citometria … and on the 8th day, god created cytometry”   j. paul robinson4. cytomics of oxidative stress: probes and problems
	josé-enrique o’connor, guadalupe herrera, francisco sala-de-oyanguren, beatriz jávega, and alicia mortinex-romeroa5. flow cytometry in multi-center and longitudinal studies
	anis larbi6. validation—the key to translatable cytometry in the 21st    century   virginia litwin, cherie green, alessandra vitaliti7. flow cytometry in microbiology: the reason and the need
	cidália pina-vaz, sofia costa-de-oliveira, ana silva-dias, ana pinto silva, rita teixeira-santos and acácio gonçalves rodrigues8. flow cytometer performance characterization, standardization, and control   lili wang, robert a. hoffman9. alternative approaches for analysis of complex data sets in flow cytometry   carmen gondhalekar10. photon detection: current status   masanobu yamamoto11. identification of small-molecule inducers of foxp3 in human t cells using high-throughput flow cytometry  rob jepras, poonam shah, metul patel, steve ludbrook, gregory wands, gary bonhert, andrew lake, scott davis and jonathan hill12. cancer stem cells and multi-drug resistance by flow cytometry  jordi petriz   



welcome, pucl:
we present cytometry and confocal microscopy education and research material, maintain the cytometry email archive,and links to cytometry web sites and suppliers worldwide. our goal is to share high-quality information and to maintain electronic crossroad for cytometry. in 1993, we established the first web site in cytometry. it has matured and evolved with time. we did this because of our interest and dedication to the philosophy of sharing educational material. a new project we are involved with is an nih sparc grant - you can see this project here






       


isac- feed don't miss the 6th bd-isac advanced flow cytometry workshop in tianjin, china

kedar narayan presents focused ion beam scanning electron microscopy (fibsem) at cyto u

finance 101: budgeting with julie auger and nicole white

don't miss wednesday's free cyto webinar with julie auger and nicole white!

four articles on cytometric phenotyping technologies in the latest cytometry part a

more



 
direct links to latest papers.... 



epithelial invasion outcompetes hypha development during candida albicans infection as revealed by an image-based systems biology approach detecting and characterizing cellular responses to mycobacterium tuberculosis from histology slides





more
 
 


featured areas:lab publicationscds & dvdslecture slidescytometry listpurdue links:purdue homepagepurdue searchcampus mappurdue directoryconnect with us:twitteryoutubeemail 




 
      deja vu: duplicate publications    track paul's everest climbtutorials & other
		videos from the puclvisit our labgoogle maps plate analyzerlocal weather 


searches nih electronic directorynsf award searchpubmed centralnih reporter


cytometry part b- feed escca/iscca survey on the use of multicolor flow cytometry in the detection of cerebrospinal fluid involvement in hematological malignancies: how close does real‐life adhere to the recommendations?

focus on the holdrinet index: toward blast quantification by flow cytometry

implementation of flow cytometry testing on rare matrix samples: special considerations and best practices when the sample is unique or difficult to obtain

multiparameter quantitative analyses of diagnostic cells in brain tissues from tuberous sclerosis complex

issue highlights—january 2025

more






©1993-2014 purdue university cytometry laboratories, all rights reserved. 

drupal theme by        pixeljets.com ver.1.4







