



singsurf - interactive geometry  - richard morris












dr richard morris

interactive geometry programs, mathematical programming and mathematics tuition.


rich@singsurf.org






online curve and surface programs



graphs



parametric curves



polar plots



implicit curves



complex plots
 



grid plots
 



parametric surfaces
 



implicit surfaces



singsurf the full desktop java program, 
        allowing complex 2 and 3 dimensional models from singularity theory and differential geometry to me constructed.
        for example it can calculate the principle directions, ridges, and focal surfaces of parametrised surface,
        or calculate the symmetry sets of plane curve.
        





jep
a java library for parsing, evaluating mathematical equations.

core jep
jep is a small fast mathematical parsing and evaluation library. 
		it suports various datatype including, bigdecimals, strings and complex number and
		has a wide rang of built in functions.  it is highly customizable allow diferent syntaxes for equations. 
		i am co-developer and its available from singularsys.com.
		
jep extensions
jep extensions 
		is a set of extensions to jep which add symbolic operations,
		fast evaluation, a type system allowing evaluation using matrices 
		and rational numbers,
		limited structured programing and conversion to mathml.
		
gwt jep

gwt jep is a javascript version of the core jep library using the google web
			toolkit.

		
examples

			this simple calculator is made using jep/gwtjep 
			










more extensive examples can be found in jep console,
			extensions console and the plotting apps to the left.
			
		


 
 







kaleidoscope
explore the 17 symmetric wallpaper patterns.




wallpaper patterns




mathematics and science tuition
interested in private mathematics tuition in south-east cornwall?
 	i offer tuition at all ages and all levels with an emphasis on engaging the student and exciting the students:
my son has just finished his gcses and i had a fantastic tutor, richard morris,  
	who taught him for 1.5 hours per week for about 12 wks before his exams.  
	from really disliking maths he now really loves it and found his exam straightforward. -
	di baker mentorg
reciently i have
	 been working with home educated children teaching interactive science leasons
	which are hopefully a bit more fun than school. home ed science club.
	

 
 







polyhedra

a collection of uniform polyhedra in rotatable 3d.

polyhedra viewer






essays


left-right brain and leaning styles 
an examination into the theory of brain lateralization, learning styles and the implications for
 education.

blagdon cross rewilding
what happens if you leave 80 acres of land unmanged for 10 years?

the thermodynamics of tidying a room why do rooms get messy? is it a law of nature?
hysteresis and sorites
      a philosophical investigation into how discrete labels can be given to continuously 
      changing phenomena.	



 
 








cubic surfaces
all the surfaces defined by cubics equations.
singularities of cubic surfaces.
a pictorial introduction to singularity theory.
projective varieties visuliser
singularities and the ade classification
coxeter groups and the ade classification






ki-aikido
i teach ki-aikido
a japanese physical art, developing the mind and body and coordination between the two. 


 
 








derek morris - east london local history
a page dedicated to my late father
derek morris. 
including details on his research 
on the early-modern (1600–1800) social histories of east london;
articles on james cook; memorial and testimonials; and family history. 





fiddles

some javascript experiments.

four-bar linkages (written using processing.js)
the circles of a triangle
superellipsoids
calculating volumes using the divergence theorem
galileo-ramps using marbles, cable housing and an arduino (on instructables)
convert panorama to cube map (on stack overflow)

some have been developed using jsfiddle. my public fiddles
and a javascript extension 

quora question asker

 
 








cv
my full cv (pdf)

papers
some of my mathematical papers.

a new method for drawing algebraic surfaces
the sub-parabolic lines of a surface
visualizing duals of surfaces unpublished
the use of computer graphics for solving problems in singularity theory
a web-based client-server system
for the calculation of algebraic surfaces





other stuff
lerryn.net my local village website, which i help administer.
merseyside dock action me being arrested at
	an earth first! action in the early 90's.
	moon phases long term variations in the length of time between full moons.
you can find me on wikipedia (salix alba),
facebook,
quora,
youtube, 
and slashdot (pfafrich).
some of my software is release on 
github.
this includes an opensource version of the singsurf program, an older opensource version of jep, 
a browser plugin for quora and a library to communicate with thermal imaging camera mounted on a
raspbery pi using bluetooth.
i have a stackoverflow accounts on the main so, maths and arduino stacks.



i have worked with plants for a future a charity investigating the wide range of useful plants which can be grown 
and ecological systems of growing. i still work a bit with the 
cornwall site near st veep, lerryn, lostwithiel, cornwall.
ken fern's website expands on the 
plants for a future database with an extensive temperate and tropical plant database.

i do occasional webdevelopment, including phoenix new life poetry
and lerryn river stores.
i'm on the committee for our vilage website lerryn.net.

 
 



email rich@singsurf.org for comments.







