









gibraltar pools & spas – a gibraltar pool™ will improve your life!















































































loading










1-800-872-7946
435 boston street
topsfield, ma, usa 01983








a gibraltar pool™ will improve your life! 




 




1-800-872-7946
435 boston street
topsfield, ma, usa 01983










home
why gibraltar pools

improve your life
10 great reasons
10 myths
our pledge to you
reviews


backyard survey
now’s the time

the process
exclusive features
goodbye vacuum!


your own resort

exercise
save money
pool party ideas


testimonials
contact us
 

















bring back family timecreate lasting memories as you teach your kids to swim, play with them in the pool
learn more...







create a home resortturn your backyard into a recreational paradise
free backyard survey







simply relaxtake a relaxing dip in your pool to unwind
improve your life








welcome to gibraltar pools!


we are the experts in on-ground swimming pools and spas.





we are pioneers in rectangular on-ground swimming pools. if you live in new england or eastern new york, you’ve probably seen a gibraltar pool™. from the long island sound to mt. katahdin, from the adirondacks to cape cod–chances are, there’s a gibraltar pool™ in your neighborhood.
with over 39 years of experience spanning three generations, our family-owned leadership in the new england swimming pool industry is a key reason for you to own a gibraltar pool™.
personal attention. quality. comfort.
expect it from gibraltar pools & spas. try our helpful shop-at-home service, the free backyard pool survey. click here to schedule yours today!








why choose us? 





you'll feel great 
water exercise in swimming pools is an ideal aerobic fitness activity.












you'll save time. 
don’t be a slave to your pool. let the gibraltar pool™ do the work for you.












you'll save money. 
our dual filtration system filters twice the water at twice the rate of ordinary pools and cuts electrical operation times in half.










exclusive on-ground pool features 



 beautiful





the gibraltar pool™ is engineered to stay beautiful. the pool walls, so important to the structural integrity of on-ground swimming pools, won't dry out, become brittle and crack like so-called resin (plastic) pool walls can.











 state of the art





six u.s. government patents. engineering has developed exclusive advanced state-of-the-art features no one else can match: our 71/2``











 safety





the gibraltar safety view™ liner is a 22-mil winterized virgin vinyl liner, containing a variety of deterioration prevention features. the patented custom liner-fit system assures longer liner life.











 finished metal





unlike any pool you can name, all the metal that can be touched on a gibraltar pool is ''finished`` -meaning no rough or sharp edges anywhere. safety again! (even your refrigerator doesn't have all finished metal!)











 walk-up staircase





wide steps, two handrails and two support grips within easy reach make the typical small, steep outside pool ladders seem hazardous by comparison.











 decking system





our unique alum-a-clad™ patio decking system completely surrounds your refreshing aqua blue paradise on all four sides, eliminating the need to build a costly, high-maintenance wooden deck as most other pools require.







 



what we offer 

our pools a gibraltar pool™ is engineered to provide years of worry-free enjoyment. there is a good reason we are #1 in new england when it comes to backyard pools - a gibraltar pool™ is simply the best pool you can buy!








						learn more...						



our saunas find a wide variety of quality saunas from some of the nation's top suppliers.








						more ideas...						



in-fit swim spas new! endless wave fitness & hydrotherapy equipped with powerful river jets.








						learn more...						



our showroom visit our beautiful gibraltar spa showroom on route one in historic topsfield, massachusetts and be prepared to be mesmerized by the region's largest array of top-of-the-line spas.








						learn more...						







27 industry design awards!










                                self cleaning!                                


owning other types of pools can be a real chore --it would be like adding another room to your housecleaning duties. with the gibraltar pool's self-cleaning triple filtration system, arduous daily vacuuming is unnecessary --our gibraltar pool is virtually self-cleaning!











                                safety first                                


unlike any pool you can name, all the metal that can be touched on a gibraltar pool is ``finished``-meaning no rough or sharp edges anywhere. safety again! (even your refrigerator doesn't have all finished metal!)











                                fast build times                                


most gibraltar pools are completed in just a day! our friendly office staff will ``hold your hand`` throughout the process to keep you informed of the schedule at all times, and our expert installers will communicate with you every step of the way.










apsp member








the association of pool & spa professionals (apsp) is the world’s oldest and largest association representing swimming pool, spa, and hot tub manufacturers, manufacturers’ agents, builders, designers, distributors, suppliers, installers, retailers, and service technicians. dedicated to the growth and development of its members’ businesses and to promoting the enjoyment and safety of pools and spas, apsp offers a range of services, from professional development to advancing key legislation and regulation at all levels, to consumer outreach and public safety. apsp is the only industry organization recognized by the american national standards institute to develop and promote national standards for pools, hot tubs, and spas.


testimonials


“we didn’t think we could have a pool. our backyard is rocky and multi-leveled. peter came out and assured us gibraltar could do it. and it happened! the customer service we received from gibraltar was beyond 5 star. every step of the way – from the first day peter came to our house (we were so skeptical) to every gibraltar staff person helping to make our dream happen – was met with support and caring. we are happy. ..thrilled, gibraltar customers!“
– dede k.
west roxbury, ma, 2022
click here to view photos and read what other customers are
saying about gibraltar pools & spas.
testimonials





free backyard pool survey
the backyard pool survey is totally free and with no obligation, you have nothing to lose and all to gain. it’s an invaluable free tool to help you learn about gibraltar pools and owning a pool in general. at no cost to you, one of our factory-trained design specialists will visit you at your home to evaluate the site conditions.
request free survey
















435 boston street topsfield, ma, usa 01983
 mon - wed: 9:00 am – 6:00 pm 
 thursday and friday: 	9:00 am – 8:00 pm 
 saturday and sunday (starting 4/24): 	9:00 am – 5:00 pm
	
	
+1-800-872-7946




youtube
facebook
instagram
google

employment opportunities
call 
978-887-2424 and ask for the employment office.



 




© 2025 gibraltar pools. all rights reserved. website design by windhill.com 






































we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are okay with it.ok

 

