







highland lakes of central texas














highlandlakes.net



lake buchanan


inks lake


lake lbj


lake marble falls


lake travis


lake austin


















the highland lakes of the texas hill country...





...consists of 6 lakes along the colorado river starting 85 miles northwest of austin and ending in austin.  the lakes are lake buchanan, inks lake, lake lbj, lake marble falls, lake travis and lake austin.  these lakes are very popular with boaters and fishermen as well as campers and tourists.  this is also a very popular retirement area.  there are services at all of the lakes.

















lake buchanan
lake buchanan is the largest of the first four highland lakes in central texas with a length of 30 miles and a width at the widest point of just under 5 miles and has a shoreline of 124 miles.  when it was built, buchanan dam was considered to be the longest multiple-arch dam in the u.s. with a length of just over two miles.











inks lake
inks lake was formed in 1938 when contruction on the inks dam was completed by the lower colorado river authority (lcra). with a length of 4.2 miles and a width of 3,000 feet, inks lake is the shortest of the first four lakes but is also one of the prettiest.











lake lbj
lake lbj is very popular for boating because of the normally constant level water.   people living along the lake have permanent boat docks that do not have to rise and fall with lake levels like on most other lakes.  a lot of the lake rental houses have boat docks and some of the resorts have boat docks for docking your boats.  there are also marinas for docking your boats











lake marble falls
lake marble falls is the 4th lake in the highland lakes string of lakes on the colorado river in the central texas hill country.  lake marble falls is popular for boating, and waterskiing.  it is 5.75 miles long and 1,080 feet wide in the widest area..











lake travis
starting at austin, lake travis winds its way northwest through the central texas hill country for over 60 miles.  it is the longest of the 7 highland lakes and is very popular for boating.  at the widest point the lake is 4.5 miles wide.











lake austin
lake austin is the sixth lake down in the chain of highland lakes on the colorado river in central texas.  the lake starts at the mansfield dam and ends at the tom miller dam in the city of austin.





 





lady bird lake (formerly town lake) is a lake running through austin that is fed by lake austin but not considered one of the highland lakes because it was not built by the lcra (lower colorado river authority).
  this web page, highlandlakes.net, is a
  sister web page to highlandlakes.com. 
  highlandlakes.com is a very large web site that covers the highland lakes and has more
  services available at the lakes.   
  you can click on these links below to
  see more photos and informtion:
bird watching, wildlife and wildflowers.
  looking for a fishing guide?  click here.



 like us on acebook
 




 


 






© highland lakes web pages, llc all rights received.










