













































	
        
        township of langley




















skip to content




newseventscareerscontact us

mytownship


















township of langley




contact us










services
                    toggle services menu
                  view allanimals and pest controlbusinessbylaw servicescommunity support servicesemergency services and safetygarbage, recycling and green cartonline servicesproperty taxesreport a problemsustainabilitytransportation and roadsutility feeswaterreport a problemhow can we help?parks & recreation
                    toggle parks & [\n]recreation menu
                  view allactivities and programsfacilities and arenasget involvedparks, trails and amenitiesrecreation registrationrecreation registrationdiscover our programs and activities for all ages.arts & culture
                    toggle arts & [\n]culture menu
                  view allcommunity eventsgrants and incentiveslearning, classes and programslibrariesmuseum and heritagepublic artask a questioncommunity eventsexplore events in the township.building & development
                    toggle building & [\n]development menu
                  view allbuildingcapital projectsdevelopmentengineering forms and guidesenvironmentdevelopment informationaccess guides, policies, bylaws,
forms, and other information.connect
                    toggle connect menu
                  view allask a questioncontact usfreedom of information and data useget involvedlocations, maps and datanews, events and mediareport a problemstay connectedcareersexplore our employment opportunities.the township
                    toggle the township menu
                  view allabout the townshipelectionsgrants and incentivesmayor and councilnotice of claimplans, reports, and strategiespublic noticessocial sustainabilitytownship divisionsynj langley airportpublic engagementlearn about and engage with
us on a variety of topics.











search


spring registration information
spring programs run from april to june. visit our registration webpage for details.
learn moresnowfall information
read snow and ice control information, service updates and impacts, and tips to follow during snowfall.
read moresalishan place by the river
salishan place by the river and the fort langley library opened on saturday february 8, 2025.

learn morefcapital projects information
stay up to date on new and ongoing capital projects around the township.
learn morepublic engagement opportunities
learn about and get involved in a variety of public engagement opportunities.
learn more





i want to...applybuilding permitsbusiness licenceburning permitscareersgarbage, recycling & green cartsgrants & incentivessecondary suitestree protection & removalregisterbuilding inspectionsdog licencee-billinglarge item pick-uppresent to councilpublic hearingsrecreation programs & lessonswater & drainagepayburning permitbusiness licencebylaw ticket & disputesdog licence renewalfire false alarm noticeproperty taxesrcmp false alarm noticesecondary suite licence paymentreportall reporting optionsafter hours emergencyask a questionbylaw complaints & inquiriescommunity cleanlinesscrimeparking issueparks, trails & treesroad maintenance & potholesunauthorized secondary suitediscoverbylawscollection calendarscouncil calendarfor the recordmapsparks & facilitiesproperty inquiry systempublic engagement opportunitiespublic noticesrecreation centres & facilitiesrecycling resourcessustainability






township news and updates

loading news feed...

view all news and notices




upcoming events

loading calendar feed...

view full events calendar





stay up-to-date with the township of langley!
want to stay informed about the township of langley? subscribe to one or more email notification categories to receive the latest information direct to your inbox.subscribe to newsletter


 stay activethe township of langley is proud to support and facilitate the active and healthy lifestyles of our residents and guests. we offer various fitness, recreation, and leisure programs for people of all ages to enjoy. discoverdiscover our community of communities. the township of langley boasts several distinct communities that are rich in history and offer affordable housing, ample business opportunities, an abundance of recreational activities, and a variety of shopping. careersjoin our team and be a part of something great! we’re looking for qualified people to fill various positions in multiple departments and divisions. explore our careers website to view job opportunities and to sign up to receive career alerts.















civic facility 20338 – 65 avenue langley, bc v2y 3j1
phone: 604-534-3211
contact us






resourcescareersmaps & geosourcemedia inquiriesmytownship accountonline servicesopen data portaltraffic impacts


our websitestownship of langleysalishan place - arts, culture & heritage ctrfire departmentlangley airport (ynj)tourism langley




connect with us




view our facebook page




view our instagram page




view our twitter page




view our youtube page




view our linkedin page




subscribe to newsletter





copyright © 2025 township of langley

privacy & freedom of informationterms of usesitemapwebsite feedback































browser compatibility notification



it appears you are trying to access this site using an outdated browser.  as a result, parts of the site may not function properly for you.  we recommend updating your browser to its most recent version at your earliest convenience.








