










tyson property management in albuquerque and rio rancho


















































skip to content



 
realtor referral program
tenants

tenant portal login
pay rent
repair request
rental search
how to apply
move-in/move-out checklist
tenant faq
tenant forms / services
homeowners association information
local uniform owner residents relations act


owners

owners portal login
owner faq
owners forms
local uniform owner residents relations act


blog
(505) 323-2104
 















menu


property management
about
pricing
rental search
contact

career opportunities
vendor opportunities


 






















property management in albuquerque and rio ranchoget rid of the stress on your shoulders. partner with the local rental experts.
 







learn more








view pricing








get free rental analysis






















discover our serviceswe provide full service management solutions for our clients
 
















property marketingdon't let your home sit empty for a long stretch. our team uses proven marketing techniques to capture the attention of local renters & get showings scheduled.
 













tenant screeningwe carefully screen every applicant interested in living in one of our rental properties. by qualifying tenants from the outset, we avoid many potential problems down the road.
 





















rent collectionget your rent payments on time each month with our accounting support. we collect incoming funds, follow up on late payments & deposit your earnings to your bank account.
 













maintenancewhen your rental home needs repairs, rest easy knowing the experts have you covered. we coordinate maintenance with tenants & vendors and document everything for you.
 













property inspectionsregularly visiting the homes we manage helps us ensure nothing spirals out of control behind the scenes. we enforce the terms of our leases & take corrective measures when necessary.
 













financial reportingcheck in on your home's health at any time by accessing your account. we generate monthly financial statements to provide a detailed overview of your income & expenses.
 





















why choose tyson property management? 














we focus on communicationdon't find yourself stuck with a property manager who feels impossible to reach. at tyson property management, we keep ourselves accessible to tackle your pressing questions and concerns. give us a call or shoot us a message and we'll get back to you asap.
 







honesty is our top priorityat tyson property management, earning the trust of our clients is crucial. we're not satisfied providing lackluster albuquerque property management services—instead, our goal is to get you great results and do so without compromising our integrity. we put your needs first.
 










stay connected with simple techwe've fully integrated our property management business with powerful technology tools like digital listings and online account portals. it's never been easier to connect with our team, keep tabs on your rental, and stay informed on the latest news and updates.
 







put our experience to work for yousince our founding in 1997, we've been helping property owners in albuquerque and rio rancho with their rental home needs. we know what it takes to succeed and we're committed to going the extra mile to ensure you receive the best support possible.
 


















hear from our customers 









"i have been with tyson now for over 20 years and have been extremely pleased with the service over the years.  great people and truly concerned about your property.  thank you tyson!"



doug l.
satisfied client










"tyson property management has been my property management company for over 6 years and i am extremely happy with their service.  they are professionals and take very good care of me and my investment.  i do not have to worry with them in my corner."


saul c.
satisfied owner


















 


















by providing your mobile number you consent to receiving text messages from tyson pm. reply stop to opt out. msg & data rates may apply.

name*phone number*email*

property address & details*phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  




























get a free rental analysis
determine the rental value of your property.
find out how to boost your monthly profits.
see if your home is the right fit for our portfolio.

 






 






































albuquerque and rio rancho's localproperty management teamwhen it comes to new mexico rentals, we have you covered.
 











if you own rentals in albuquerque, rio rancho, or the surrounding area, working with a professional property manager is the easiest way to maximize your earning potential and reduce the pressure on your shoulders. at tyson property management, we have over two decades of experience serving local property owners. our team of residential rental specialists knows what it takes to keep your rental performing optimally.









from marketing and tenant placement to maintenance coordination and monthly billing, we offer full service albuquerque property management support. whether you own several local homes or just one property, our team can help you keep your needs in check and ensure your rental home stays in great condition. learn more about our property management approach today by scheduling a free consultation with us.





















share your rental managementneeds with us
learn hour our management packages are
designed to keep you profitable: (505) 323-2104





contact us















 










tyson property management 4421 irving blvd nw, suite a
albuquerque, nm 87114
(505) 323-2104
janessa parra, qualifying broker, license # 18439
realtor referral program

tenantstenants portal
pay rent
repair request
rental search
how to apply
move-in/move-out checklist
homeowners association information
local uniform owner residents relations act
interact with us  
facebook


twitter


youtube


rss





review us
 





copyright © 2025 tyson property management. all rights reserved. | sitemap | privacy policy

property management website design by doorgrow


tyson property management is committed to ensuring compliance with the americans with disabilities act, including incorporating the web content accessibility guidelines (wcag) 2.1 (https://www.w3.org/tr/wcag21/) and applying level a success criteria and conformance requirements. any concerns regarding accessibility can be directed to support@doorgrow.com. please find our website accessibility policy here.  march 1, 2019 





















