




prison penpal directory











inmate pen pal sites ranked by traffic
		          in the united states
		          updated 1/18/2022
meet-an-inmate.com, 
		          jailbabes.com, and writeaprisoner.com dominate

		            ranking  is by  alexa.com - the top traffic ranking site 
		            on the web






are you thinking of listing an inmate on a 
		        prison pen pal website? if so, then one thing to take into 
		        consideration is how many visitors a website receives. a prison 
		        pen pal website that receives high quality website traffic is 
		        important. it will greatly increase the 
		        inmate’s chance of being able to successfully get pen pals when 
		        a site has a lot of traffic (visitors). meet-an-inmate.com, writeaprisoner.com, 
		        and jailbabes.com 
		        by far get more traffic than the other inmate pen pal websites.  if a site is not in the top ten it 
		        may be a waste of money to list with them. prisonpenpaldirectory.com 
		        is a fact website and not a review site.  *alexa.com is the 
		        webs authority for ranking websites by the amount of visitors 
		        they receive (traffic). the rankings listed below refers to 
	          traffic received in the united states.



	          1
 meet-an-inmate.com
 
 inmates looking for pen pals. both 
		          men and women's addresses are free. ads are categorized by age. 
		          an inmate can get listed for $35.00 for one year.  this includes 
		          two photos and up to 250 words. very clean and 
		          easy to navigate site established in 1998. 

9,519
              united states
 
 


2
jailbabes.com

		        includes profiles and photos of women in prison seeking pen 
		        pals. becoming pen pals provides an opportunity to meet jail 
		        babes from all over the country and learn about their diverse 
		        backgrounds. it is also enjoyable to receive a hand written 
		        letter from a female inmate who actually cares about what you 
		        have to say. 12 month ad only $30.00

16,806
              united states
 



3
writeaprisoner.com
 
 men and women behind bars seeking letters. free to 
		          write inmates. inmates can place one year ad for $40.00 that 
		          includes 250 words and one photo. additional photo $10 each. 50 
		          additional words
		          $5.00

22,309
              united states
 


4
prisonpenpals.com

on this site you will see thousands of personal, legal and speciality ads with photos and addresses from both male and female prisoners who are waiting to hear from you!

115,779 
united states


5
penacon.com


at penacon, our goal is to help those within the incarcerated community gain friendship and make romantic connections around the world. whether you're looking for a new friend to connect with or want to stay in touch with an imprisoned loved one, you've come to the right place. browse the site for personal ads, pictures and profiles of inmates to find your pen pal today!
 
135,470
united states
 


6

paperdollspenpals.com
		        sometimes we make choices in life that are wrong, and the results are life changing. that doesn't change how human we are, how we need to be loved and cared for, how we long for acceptance from other human beings. everyone on this site is in prison, some for short periods of time, and others for longer. these are real women with a real need for respect and dignity in a world that has taken most of that away from them. 

no rank 
		        united states




7
friendsbeyond
		        thewall.com


no rank
		        united sttes





		        8
 
 

		          wireofhope.com









take part in wire of hope's prison pen pal program: write to inmates and begin a prison correspondence today or sign up and find penpals for inmates!

 
no rank
	            united states
 


 









 


9
caged ladies.com

 
no rank
	            united states




10
lostvault.com

 
no rank
united states




11

womenbehindbars.com




no rank
		        united states
 
 



12

inmate-connection.com



no rank
		        united states




13
hotprisonpals.com
ot prison pals

	            no rank
	            united states
 


14

inmate.com

prison inmates seeking penpals
while society at large has social media to thank for new friendships,   relationships, insights and perspectives, prison inmates are doomed to   total social exclusion, not only physical but psychological as well.   friendship, community, and a sense of belonging is what human beings   crave for, and prisoners should not be deprived of that.
no rank
		        united states




15

 loveaprisoner.com


no rank
		        united states








 









 


 
16

femaleprisonpals.com


the women listed on this website are in prison for various crimes.
the female inmates on this site seek correspondence from upstanding members of society



no rank 
		        united states
 
 



17
hotshotinmates

there are thousands of inmates all around the world who are lonely and in need of friendship.   many men and women inmates are just waiting to meet their next friend   and exchange life experiences which can be a fun time for you both   during their day to day struggle. it can also provide you with great   benefits as well. someone to listen, give great advice, etc. so come on   and drop them a line or two, you never know who you'll meet next


		        no rank
		        united states




 
18
prisoninmates.com

thousands of people seeking prison pen pals visit our website each month looking for someone new to communicate with. help your incarcerated friend or loved one get the exposure they need to find pen pals to write to them in prison.
 


 
19
 

cellpals.com

since 1999, cellpals has been a family owned prison pen pal site that is free for you to browse. all the addresses and information needed to write to our male and female pen pals are right on their profile pages



 










    *alexa.com 
      
 
computes traffic 
      rankings by analyzing the web usage of millions of alexa toolbar 
      users and data obtained from other, diverse traffic data 
      sources. the information is sorted, sifted, anonymized, counted, 
      and computed, until, finally, they get the traffic rankings 
shown in the alexa service. 


