







yankee golden retriever rescue – yankee golden retriever rescue







































































 







																								check out the upcoming winter gala | buy your 2025 ygrr calendar

















adopt

adoptable dogs
apply to adopt


how to help

apply to volunteer
foster a dog
one time donation
donate in honor/in memory of
join/renew membership
sponsor a kennel
2024 annual appeal


events
pet resources

surrender a dog


donate



cart










 


















adoption will change your life…and theirs.





our mission is to rescue golden retrievers and golden-at-heart dogs. while in our care we provide individualized enrichment, medical care, and training. our goal is to match every dog to their forever family.




meet adoptable dogs in need of a loving home
























 


view all adoptable dogsthe adoption process

complete our online application.

schedule a home visit.

meet your new best friend!apply now







your generous donations help improve the quality of their life while awaiting adoption.your funds go to programs that increase the emotional, physical, and mental well-being of rescued dogs, and help us gain knowledge about each dog so we can match them with their family quickly.
2024 appealdonate goodssponsor a kenneljoin/renew membershipdonate fundsdonate in memory/in honordrop-off donations (food, toys, blankets, etc.) are appreciated monday, wednesday, and friday 10-12am.questions or concerns? click here to email us.



we couldn’t do what we do without our volunteers.yggr is looking for volunteers with a variety of skills to ensure the success of our programs. if you are interested in volunteering with ygrr, please fill out the application linked below.apply to be a volunteervolunteer opportunities





apply tofoster a dog.apply to foster

how to surrender your golden retriever or golden-at-heart dog.ygrr accepts golden retrievers and golden-at-heart dogs from all new england and surrounding states. click the link below to start the process.surrender a dog






connectcontact us978.568.9700info@ygrr.orglocation110 chapin rdhudson, ma 01749visits by appt. only© 2024 yankee golden retriever rescuedesigned & developed by studio jade.










 

privacy preference center







privacy preferences

















 


 

























