




all about fungi






























home page
online store
mold consulting
the fifth kingdom
bryce kendrick
about mycologue

      be sure to check out dr. nag raj's:
      
coelomycetous anamorphs with appendage-bearing conidia

      "this book seems destined to become a mycological classic..."
      
      - sydowia
    

      last updated: february 2020 
      mycologue publications 1998-2020

      e-mail:
      
bryce@mycolog.com






×
home page
online storemold consulting
the fifth kingdom
bryce kendrick
about mycologue


☰ 

all about fungi


        welcome to mycologue publications
      



          explore this site and find over 800 images of fungi online as an
          introduction to our compact mycological encyclopedia, the
          fifth kingdom. these online images illustrate mushrooms,
          mycorrhizas, medical mycology, yeasts, lichens, food spoilage,
          fermented foods, plant diseases, symbioses with animals,
          and edible, poisonous, and hallucinogenic fungi.
        



          to quickly have many of your questions about fungi answered please check out this handy list of faq's ....
          questions about fungi


          here are some of the informative topics found on this site.
          taken from the mycological textbook
          "the fifth kingdom".
      

chap 2a: protozoan "pseudofungi" - the so-called slime moulds - full text and pictures
          
chap 3a: eumycotan fungi - full text and pictures
          
chap 3b: phylum zygomycota - zygomycetes & trichomycetes - full text and pictures
          
chap 4a: phylum dikaryomycota, ascomycotina - asci, ascomata, anamorphs - full text and pictures
          
chap 4b: ascomycetes: - taphrinales to dothideales - full text and pictures
          
chap 6: yeasts - polyphyletic fungi - pictures with descriptions
          
chap 7: lichens - dual organisms - pictures with descriptions
          
chap 11: fungal ecology: - the succession of coprophilous fungi - full text and pictures
          
chap 12: fungal plant pathology in agriculture and forestry - pictures with descriptions
          
chap 16: mutualistic symbioses between fungi and animals - pictures with descriptions
          
chap 22: poisonous and hallucinogenic fungi - full text and pictures
      

          click here to see a complete list of online topics
      

visit our online store for more details.
      


            bryce
              kendrick, author of the fifth kingdom, is available
              for individual or group courses on moulds or general mycology.
              email bryce for details: bryce@mycolog.com

 


      be sure to check out dr. nag raj's:
      
coelomycetous anamorphs with appendage-bearing conidia

      "this book seems destined to become a mycological classic..."- sydowia
    

      last updated: february 2020 
      mycologue publications 1998-2020

      e-mail:
      
bryce@mycolog.com





