
































canada company and business directory list, online business directory



































































 | 
digital marketing and information services




blogfaqscontact ussuccess storiesenglish   français      1-844-402-2076















about us
database

b2b business directory
canadian business database
corporate directory database
distributors directory
manufacturing business directory


digital marketing

scotts seo
lead generation


my login

corporate
medical
dental
healthcare personnel
pharmacy
schools
admin login


contact sales
get free trial 
 









the largest available database of 100% canadian contacts and companies

reach more decision-makers faster


 925,000 companies database
    

 5.7m contacts
    

 4.1m emails
    

 5.7m linkedin links
    

 5m company phones
    

 400k direct/mobile phones
    







 
4.8/5 


 
 4.9/5








get a  free trial  


 






































*for 1st time customers only. offer ends january 31, 2025.
 no credit card required 



















empower your sales team with accurate data
identify new leads in your target segment
find key contacts fast
gain valuable insights about your marketplace
web optimization services available
streamline your outreach efforts
 







 proudly canadian – your trusted source for a canadian business directory and database
scott’s directories is proudly canadian, offering the largest database of verified canadian contacts and companies. as a 100% canadian-owned and operated business, we guarantee authentic, reliable data, all priced in canadian dollars. trust scott’s for accurate canadian business intelligence that supports growth. 


harness the power of verified b2b data

ready to take your sales and marketing efforts to the next level? scott’s directories offers canada’s most reliable and comprehensive b2b database, designed to connect you with the decision-makers who drive success. our enhanced platform provides detailed insights into companies and executives, helping you target the right leads and close deals faster.

find and connect with specific contacts
segment by job title and responsibilities
filter by company type and industry
focus on key geographic locations

stop wasting time on unverified leads—let our database be your go-to resource for connecting with top professionals across industries.


get started today 
















canadian business directory and database: empowering your business for over 60 years!
            











corporate

find key contacts and comprehensive business information specific to your target industry.
read more




government

find information for government departments and officials by province.
read more




business-to-business

find technical professionals by area of expertise, location and more.
read more




wholesale agents

get financial performance data on the wholesale trade sectors, as well as information on their structure, contacts, location etc.
read more




manufacturing

find statistics and analysis for a number of industries within the manufacturing sector.
read more




distributors

lookup distributors by product category, location, name and more.
read more












 

why you should start a free trial!











online business directory in canada
you are in business to make sales and to achieve that, business directories in canada can play a vital
            role.
            how does that work? by subscribing to an online business directory website – one that gives you access
            to a
            comprehensive national database of canadian businesses helps quicken the sales cycle. an online business
            directory provides an easier platform for people to access information on a list of canadian businesses,
            enabling them to reach a large audience base with ease.
regardless of the product or service your company is selling, you need to establish a constant flow of
            business into your sales pipeline to remain profitable. a canada company list and business directory
            list in
            canada gives your sales and marketing team an edge over the competition. with scott’s info you get
            immediate
            access to thousands of relevant canadian local business directories which you can use to capture the
            market.
        
search through the canada business directory, for example, to find up-to-date contact and business
            information on companies’ province-wide; narrow that search and explore the canadian local business
            directory. with scott’s local business directory you can micro-target businesses in a specific area.the
            canada company directory is a library-sized database of information available 24/7, the perfect tool for
            research-minded sales professionals who use data to build lists
            that
            can quickly be converted into sales.
        
try our canadian company directory to access details on 925,000 companies. yes, our canada business
            directory list is a must buy for business owners looking for a list of canadian businesses in ontario.
        
your canada business directory list will quickly become your most valuable research tool. the days of
            unproductive cold calling are over. find anything you need- a canada company list or any canadian local
            business directories to target businesses across canada.
with thousands of key contacts at your disposal and extensive information on 925,000 businesses nationwide, you can quickly enable your sales team to focus on what they do best—selling your products and services.
sign up for a free trial today!






pricing
scott's is canadian data priced in canadian dollars

 
 
 
 
 

get started







ready to find new customers? explore our online business directory to empower your business and sales
contact us



﻿



what our clients say about us





scott’s directory has been a great partner in assisting our national charity bullyingcanada in accessing up to date and accurate information about businesses and organizations across canada, allowing us to form partnerships and lasting relationships to further our work... read more
rob benn-frenette, bullyingcanada


rabiya is very professional and responsive...every time i need her help she always has time for me. she is a great asset to have for an employer..thank you rabiya...read more
joanne beaudoin, ipl north america inc.


scott’s directory has been instrumental in helping us at habitat for humanity (miss-halt-duff) connect with local businesses for partnerships. the search function allows us to narrow our search to very specific criteria to give us precise results while also providing us with key... read more
charles digiovanni, habitat for humanity


rabiya is great to work with. she responds to questions quickly and efficiently and if she doesn't have an immediate answer she finds out quickly for you. great to work with!... read more
lyn chrysler, ontario physician human resources data centre


we recently purchased a list that contained 2,200 manufacturers in ontario with facilities over 33,000 sq ft in size. we were doing old fashioned mail-outs for marketing and have had results better than expected. we are looking at purchasing another list... read more
jeff hawthorne, global point energy


i've been using scott's directories for more than 10 years now. great product but the support you get is absolutely amazing. i recommend bridget wiley - incredible attitude and the willingness to help the customer no matter what. thank you bridget!... read more
dr. walter paliga, brampton vascular institute


fantastic customer service, just a phone call away, always. rabiya was very informative and patient showing me what to do to get exactly the information my company needs. i highly recommend... read more
eunice fernandes, nathan & segal inc.


rabiya provided my company with excellent service. she went above and beyond by assisting me with a complex migration project. i highly recommend rabiya/scott’s directory to any company... read more
walter sima, pmc specialist recruitment solutions


was a brand new employee about a 10 weeks ago and i could tell that scott’s directory had far more bells and whistles than i was using. decided to give their helpline a try. upon calling, i was greeted by a kind and bubbly phone assistant named rabiya. she taught me how to create and save company lists. that action alone saved me a lot of time. she would take a moment at the end of every call to point out a feature i was not familiar with... read more
lynne smith, bcb international inc.


my company has been using the scotts directory for 30 plus years, first in the printed edition, cd edition and now the on-line edition. scotts has been a valuable tool in expanding our business and an excellent resource for obtaining new companies and names. i would highly recommend purchasing the scotts directory for your business... read more
brian l delottinville, trans-united consultants ltd.


easy to deal with. great communication. it’s easy to isolate a list, and if i need help, they are around to support... read more
ryan good, garrison dental solutions llc


the result was a better understanding of organizations, existing customers where they are located leveraging the digital mapping they created. the exercise confirmed that there are no major gaps in trelleborg sealings database. even with the challenges the aerospace industry faces, especially during covid, they can now ensure they are doing business with all appropriate businesses and all their locations... read more
kyle luithly, aerospace hub canada & global key


i love the service! i’ve recommended scott’s data and their service to every group i’ve worked in since 2007...read more
transportation of dangerous goods, doctorate government of canada


wouldn’t change any aspect of the service... read more
marshall katz, advertek


happy scott’s data customer since 1989!... read more
steve doodchenko, rosta inc.


scott’s gave me so much detail about so many possible companies, i am convinced that our business has been increased through this particular business directory... read more
deborah rouleau, horan & associates brokers inc.


i love scott’s, i built my business on it, and recommend it to every client. prospecting is hard enough to begin with, make life easier by using scott’s to source real and accurate leads. if you are selling in canada, you need scott’s directories!... read more
tibor shanto, renbor sales solutions inc.























contact us for more information on how scott's can fill your sales team's pipeline.
free trial
contact us
















call us. 1-844-402-2076







email. sales[@]scottsdirectories.com







location.
507 lakeshore rd. e. suite 206,mississauga l5g 1h9





get in touch


 



1-844-402-2076
sales@scottsdirectories.com


important links
about us
contact us
blog
infographics
faq
sitemap
privacy policy
 

popular datasets and services


scott’s corporate directory
canadian medical directory
cerno research
scott’s seo
 





powered by: macrae's - 
 internet marketing company 













 



about us
database

b2b business directory
canadian business database
corporate directory database
distributors directory
manufacturing business directory
ontario business directory


digital marketing

lead generation
scotts seo


my login

corporate
medical
dental
healthcare personnel
pharmacy
schools
admin login


blog
faqs
success stories
english
français
contact sales
free trial


































































































































































































×

















