







dp: welcome
























48,699 titles preserved for the world!


88 in feb 2025 — 135 in jan 2025 — more...


blog · wiki · forums · help

username:  password:   · register





last changed saturday, april 29, 2023newsplease try our walkthrough for a preview of the steps involved when proofreading on this site.
site concept
distributed proofreaders provides a web-based method to ease the conversion of public domain books into e-books. by dividing the workload into individual pages, many volunteers can work on a book at the same time, which significantly speeds up the creation process.
during proofreading, volunteers are presented with a scanned page image and the corresponding ocr text on a single web page. this allows the text to be easily compared to the image, proofread, and sent back to the site. a second volunteer is then presented with the first volunteer's work and the same page image, verifies and corrects the work as necessary, and submits it back to the site. the book then similarly progresses through a third proofreading round and two formatting rounds using the same web interface.
once all the pages have completed these steps, a post-processor carefully assembles them into an e-book, optionally makes it available to interested parties for 'smooth reading', and submits it to the project gutenberg archive.
how you can help


register with the site as a volunteerand/or

donate to the distributed proofreaders foundation.

registered volunteers may contribute to distributed proofreaders in several ways including proofreading, "smooth reading" pre-released e-books to check for errors, managing projects, providing content, or even helping develop improvements to the site. volunteers may also join other members of our community in our forums to discuss these and many other topics.
volunteering at distributed proofreaders
it's easy to volunteer at distributed proofreaders. simply register as a volunteer. once you've confirmed your registration by e-mail, you'll receive an introductory e-mail with basic instructions on how to log in and use the site. then, you're ready to sign in and start learning to proofread or visit the smooth reading page to pick an e-book to read! wherever you go, you'll find lots of information to help you get started. please try our walkthrough for a preview of the steps involved when proofreading on this site.
there is no commitment expected on this site beyond the understanding that you do your best. spend as much or as little time as you like. we encourage you to proofread at least a page a day and/or smooth read a book as often as your time allows, but it's entirely up to you.
we hope you will join us in our mission of "preserving the literary history of the world in a freely available form for everyone to use."
we are unable to provide certification for any purpose that would require distributed proofreaders to track the number of hours spent volunteering, or to provide verification of a user's identity beyond that provided by their email address, or to certify that the volunteer personally performed the work. for these reasons, we cannot provide certification for court-ordered community service, programs operated by federal, state, or municipal governments, etc. for more information, please see this page.
current progress
★48,699 in completed



these books have been processed through our site and posted to the project gutenberg archive.★2,081 in progress



these books are undergoing their final checks before being assembled into a completed e-book.★655 in proofreading



these books are currently being processed through our site; sign in and start helping!
our community of proofreaders, project managers, developers, etc. is composed entirely of volunteers.
392 active users in the past twenty-four hours.
810 active users in the past 7 days.
1,476 active users in the past 30 days.


questions or comments? please contact us at dphelp@pgdp.net.




set language: 
browser defaultdeutsch (german) - de_de
english - en_us
français (french) - fr_fr





thank you for supporting dp! you can also support the site by making a donation to the non-profit distributed proofreaders foundation.
donate

         

recently completed titles

on the nature of the universe [1831], ocellus lucanus (english with latin)pg #75391
songs of the shining way, ives, sarah noble (english)pg #75390
principles and practice of agricultural analysis, vol. iii [1897], wiley, harvey washington (english)pg #75389
sommerleutnants, walter bloem (german)pg #75388
jessie, or trying to be somebody (1870), aimwell, walter (english)pg #75385
the dangerous inheritance, or, the mystery of the tittani rubies, forrester, izola (english)pg #75383
obras completas: pachín gonzález - tomo xvii, pereda, josé maría de (spanish)pg #75382

more completed titles...recently begun

the pillow-book of sei shōnagon., shōnagon, sei (english)
goldfish breeds and other aquarium fishes, their care and propagation, wolf, herman t. (english)
the four men, belloc, hilaire (english)

more recently begun titles...more statistics...about dpcode of conduct · privacy policymissiondistributed proofreaders is dedicated to the preservation of written works that are in the public domain in the united states by converting them into high-quality, freely available digital transcriptions. this is accomplished through the efforts of a supportive community of volunteers. distributed proofreaders follows the principles of the american library association freedom to read statement.historydistributed proofreaders was founded in 2000 by charles franks to support the digitization of public domain books. originally conceived to assist project gutenberg (pg), distributed proofreaders (dp) is now the main source of pg e-books. in 2002, distributed proofreaders became an official pg site. in may 2006, distributed proofreaders became a separate legal entity and continues to maintain a strong relationship with pg.




©distributed proofreaders · page built at 2025-02-17 10:42 est in 0.398s · credits · report a bug




