



long island personals - personal ads, dating, and singles for long island and the surrounding area













						long island personals - free personal ads, dating, and singles for long island and the surrounding area.
						




















long island personals featured sponsor


















































































































long island personals, long island dating, long island singles





											long island personals is a free service dedicated to long island and 
						                    the surrounding region.
						                    all our members are local to long island, giving you a
						                    better chance at meeting someone special.
						                    we have thousands of long island singles who are looking 
						                    for fun, romance, dating and more!
						                    whether you are looking for a friend, lover, chat buddy, casual dating, or something more serious, you can find
						                    your local match at long island personals!	









































long island personals member login






													            username 
												            






												            password 
											            







												            remember my login info (checking this box will allow the system to automatically identify you next time you visit the site.  this is not recommended for shared computers, due to security concerns.)											



forgot your password?






  
												            






									              
									            
									            





long island personals featured members


 fun italian male ;-) 	      dave, 32, 			from suffolk, seeking: my ideal partner is a lady who knows what she wants out of life. who loves to have fun no matter where we go.also someone who loves to laugh. i lov...		 looking for a great guy 	      rachana, 43, 			from suffolk, seeking: i truly get how important pets are to lots of people, so i want to let you know that i'm allergic to cats. the good news is i'm good with little do...		






















featured links











									your ad can be here!
email for details!
								

  















 







							  
							advertise


terms of use


privacy policy




							  

								long island personals - free personal ads, dating, and singles for long island and the surrounding area.
								

		
							this site's entire contents copyright 2002-2025, long island personals							
							
						









