














military wives network







































main offcanvas
homeservicecommonnewsemailsearchour store


 










homeservicespecificcommonto all servicesnewsemailcontact ussearchour storeorder medals





































read more















read more















read more















read more























 

welcome home...for those that just arrived, welcome home! for those that have been here before welcome back. we are your hosts, bj 'n cindy. we own and operate this site as well as the sister sites. 
as a retired marine couple, we know just how new and puzzling, and sometimes how lonely or difficult it can be to find what you need. that is why we created this network and filled it with all kinds of resources to help you find whatever you may need... and to find one another.
so once again welcome home...
 








						set up a successful home-based business as a veteran 					


as veterans transition to civilian life, many seek flexible and fulfilling career paths. starting a small business or a work-from-home job utilizes the invaluable leadership, discipline, and resilience developed during your service. this guide offers essential tips to help you leverage those skills effectively in the entrepreneurial world.


 
			read more ...		











						reflections about veterans/military					


reflections - about veterans/military, their (our) families, friends and healing and growing through all trauma, combat trauma, cumulative stress, coronavirus, racism, fear, all life difficulties
making copies and sharing by e-mail, social media is encouraged.(also available on www.healingtrauma.us.com under “resources” is “healing and growing through all trauma, combat trauma, cumulative stress, coronavirus, fear, all life difficulties”)by jim hollister, 2025
in 2011 i bought and began wearing a vietnam veteran hat and instantly i went from being fairly anonymous (as a veteran and, in particular, a vietnam veteran) to informally talking a lot especially with other veterans/military and their families and especially other vietnam veterans—i found an instant “brotherhood” that i never had known before. i never had contact with anyone i had known in the military; and even though i generally didn’t hide the fact of my being a veteran, i certainly didn’t discuss anything with another veteran. instead i tried to forget vietnam and what i went through and how it affected me. i had needed time to process what i went through with combat and with the months of continuing threat of combat. and shortly after being in vietnam i found that i desperately needed to find my purpose in life, who god is and god’s plan and purpose for me; and over the years, i did progressively get some of those answers.


 
			read more ...		











						real id requirement to access military installations					


real id requirement to access military installations begins may 7, what to know
may 7 marks the official deadline for real id compliance to be required by various federal organizations and entities – including military installations – to gain access.


 
			read more ...		











						military spouse employment resources offered					


there are 1 million military spouses in the global u.s. military community. they provide critical support to our soldiers and their army careers, and often, their own careers suffer as a result. the army and the department of defense recognize that many military families need two incomes and that military spouses sacrifice years of education, hard work and experience in service to our nation. to ease the burden and encourage career advancement and development, programs and other support services have been created to help army spouses continue to pursue their professional endeavors.


 
			read more ...		






 page 1 of 8 

start
prev
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 next
end

















disclaimer: these domain is owned and operated by militarywives.com, incorporated, a privately owned and operated washington state corporation. our officers, our board of directors, our employees and our designated representatives retain the privilege and the right to control access, the right of editing, removing any and all content placed on this domain (and our sister sites), and the right of removing any and or all individual accounts that in our sole opinion are disruptive and detrimental to our overall stated purpose of providing support to the military spouse. none of the united states armed services (united states marine corps, united states navy, united states army, united states air force, united states coast guard, united states space force) nor any other component of the department of defense has approved, endorsed, or authorized these products / services / activities.

copyright © militarywives.com 2000 - 2025			
joomla templates by joomla-monster.com



 














powered by jms multisite for joomla

