







mendocino woodlands camp association





































































































              home
            

              view our group campgrounds
            

              environmental education
            

              about us
            

            donate
          



            contact us
          













































































homeview our group campgroundsenvironmental educationabout usdonate







group camping, environmental education, historic preservation




contact us









scroll






   









the mendocino woodlandsgroup camping | environmental education | historic preservationwithin a national historic landmark, california state parknews and updates



we are hiring!  you could contribute to the continued success of the woodlands and become a part of its history.  click here for available positionsview the video interview below with our executive director and staff about our decision to switch to evergreen 100 percent renewable energy produced with our partners at sonoma clean power 

  

check out our learn from home page for fun ways to connect with nature.







view fullsize







view fullsize







view fullsize









book a group campgroundthe woodlands is the ideal setting for your special event. from weddings to retreats and everything in between, our large, rustic style group camps offer the perfect backdrop for parties and more. book a group camp or join an open camp



environmental educationqualified staff guide campers and students in exploring and learning about wildlife and plant communities so they can better understand and respect our natural world. learn more about our environmental education programs



help preserve our camp!while a california state park, the mendocino woodlands is operated by a section 501(c)3 nonprofit organization, the mendocino woodlands camp association. please consider donating to help ensure a mendocino woodlands experience for future generations. your donation may qualify as a charitable donation for federal tax purposes. 

 

our locationlocated within traditional pomo territory near the village site bu’ldam, mendocino woodlands national historic landmark state park is a year-round group camping facility and environmental education center nestled in the heart of the redwood forest, just northeast of the town of mendocino.  view directions to the woodlands

 

facilitiesa 720-acre park, the woodlands offers 3 private group cabin camping areas (accommodating groups of 30 to 200) each with a large, well-equipped kitchen, dining hall, cabins, showers and bathrooms. while these cabin areas are reserved for our campers our many trails are open to the public for hiking and mountain biking. learn more about booking a camp or day use 

 

established 1938the mendocino woodlands was built in the 1930’s by the works progress administration and civilian conservation corps as part of president roosevelt’s new deal projects. 46 of these recreation demonstration areas were built in the united states with the woodlands being the only one built in california, the only one built in a redwood forest, and one of only two built west of the rockies. the woodlands is the only new deal-era recreation demonstration area that has continuously served its original purpose (group camping and outdoor education) uninterrupted and virtually unaltered since opening in 1938.




    our history
  

 

   for group reservation requests, please submit a reservation inquiry form and we will respond as soon as possible.  we thank you for your ongoing support of mendocino woodlands state park and look forward to seeing you at the woodlands.   mendocino woodlands camp association

 






location / driving directions


   



instagram  /  facebook  /  twitter
























































home page banner



introducing mendocino woodlands



location + social












 

mendocino woodlands camp association

 



sign up to receive our newsletters and never miss the latest updates from the mendocino woodlands!





first name



last name




email address






subscribe






thank you!





(707) 937-5755 | mendocino, california



day use accesscamp calendarcontact usdirectionsemployment










