







terra lago





































































































              golf passes
            

            tournaments
          

              gallery
            

              venue rental
            

              more info
            



              book tee time & more information
            

              special promotions
            


















































golf passestournamentsgalleryvenue rentalmore info











book tee time & more informationspecial promotions









scroll






 

indio / californiathe golf club at terra lago

  














the driving range is open.hours of operation 6:30 am to 4 pm daily.tuesday & thursday range close 11am to 1 pm for maintenance.before booking please review tee times and course opening period by clicking “book tee times and more information” button. it locates upper right corner.






 











gallery















tournaments















events



 

golf at it's finest



the golf club at terra lago presents 36 challenging holes (north course and south course) the north course features dramatic elevation changes, stunning views, and a beautiful and challenging island green par 3 which was a featured hole during the skins games played at the golf club at terra lago. the view from the 7th tee box is considered one of the best in the valley, from there you have a complete panoramic view from one end of the coachella valley to the other.*golf shop hours 6:00am - 12:30pm.  tue ~ sunday except friday and saturday will be opened until 2:00pm. tel (760) 775-2000



attention members & guest golf cart are issued under these guidelines: $25 fee will be charged for individual cart use requests. thank you for your cooperation. 










 

84000 terra lago parkway, indio, ca 92203


   



instagram  /  facebook  /  

















































 




 

we can't wait to see you.




    book your tee time
  

 














hero banner



new page



dashboard



location + social



secondary banner












the golf club at terra lago
84000 terra lago parkway,
indio, ca, 92203,
united states
(760) 775-2000
syun@terralagogolf.com


hours
mon all day
tue all day
wed all day
thu all day
fri all day
sat all day
sun all day


 

the golf club at terra lago

 



subscribe
sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.




email address






sign up




we respect your privacy.
thank you!





homebook your tee timecontactpolices & procedures









