


reading shoulder unit | professor ofer levy | best shoulder surgeon in reading
































 













subscribe






home  
about     

the reading shoulder unit - introduction
media
meet our team
physiotherapists


international shoulder units affiliated to the rsu
practice locations


services                 

shoulder
elbow
advanced regenerative non-surgical curative techniques
acute trauma drop – in clinic


 patient info 

shoulder anatomy - introduction
shoulder conditions and procedures 

shoulder arthritis
osteoarthritis
rheumatoid arthritis
rotator cuff arthropathy
impingement syndrome / acromioclavicular joint (ac joint) arthritis
ac joint dislocation & reconstruction
rotator cuff tear
biceps disorders / slap tears
frozen shoulder
shoulder instability


elbow conditions and procedures

tennis elbow
golfers elbow
stiff elbow
clicking / locking elbow
arthritis
instability
fractures and trauma




patient education videos

patient information leaflets
patient testimonials
physiotherapy exercise videos
industry relationship
healthcare news




   medical professionals

rsu papers
lectures, videoclips and webinars

surgical techniques
courses
scores
physiotherapy protocols


fellowships 

fellowship programme
current and previous fellows
shoulder surgery scholarship in the memory of dr abraham levy
international travelling fellows


   research & innovation
 contact us 



menu









facebook
twitter
youtube
linkedin


 







 

verso® 
the most advanced 
prosthesis for 
shoulder arthritis






advanced minimally 
invasive techniques 
for shoulder care






  
advanced regenerative 
non-surgical curative 
techniques






leading surgeons
















welcome to the
                            reading shoulder unit
the reading shoulder unit, was originally established is an international centre of excellence, with both nhs and private wings, now based at the berkshire independent hospital (ramsay) and spire dunedin hospital, investigates and treats patients with all types of disorders of the shoulder. the unit is recognised worldwide, treating patients locally, nationally and internationally. 
read more


advanced arthroscopic shoulder & elbow care
 international center of excellence

pioneers of minimally invasive shoulder replacement








our specialties


shoulder 


shoulder arthroscopy
subacromial impingement
frozen shoulder
rotator cuff tears
biceps tendon problems

read more




elbow


tennis elbow 
stiff elbow
clicking / locking elbow
arthritis
instability

read more




advanced regenerative non-surgical curative techniques


prp
nerve block for shoulder pain
manipulation of a frozen shoulder
specialized shoulder & elbow physiotherapy

read more




drop-in clinic
the reading shoulder unit – and international renowned center of excellence is offering a “drop-in” clinic within 1-2 days of your injury.
read more









latest news
for patients, gps & physiotherapies - new!!! nhs choose & bookposted on: 07-jul-2021the unit at berkshire independent hospital is open for nhs patients through choose & book (extended choice network).read moreexcellent clinical results over more than 13 years with the verso rtsa.posted on: 06-jul-2021very high patient satisfaction and return to full activities including sports.read morethe least complications with the verso shoulder compared with other reverse shoulder systemsposted on: 05-jul-2021the least complications with the verso shoulder compared with other reverse shoulder systems. from the royal national orthopaedic hospital, birmingham, ukread moreexcellent results with the verso tsa were published in italy!posted on: 05-jul-2021a group of oorthopaedic surgeons from northern italy from piacenza and verona published their first few years experience with the stemless reverse tsa - the verso.read more 










view all news


blog
verso the superb reverse total shoulder replacement has changed my life!posted on: 14-dec-2023verso the superb reverse total shoulder replacement that has changed my life!read morefacts about frozen shoulderposted on: 21-mar-2022frozen shoulder is a painful condition that commonly occurs in the age group of 40-60 years and usua...read more 


view all blog





meet our team 
our team of highly trained and experienced surgeons is dedicated to the individual needs and goals of each patient.





prof. ofer levy, md, mch(orth) frcs 
consultant orthopaedic shoulder & elbow surgeon
ofer levy studied medicine at the hebrew university and hadassah school of medicine, jerusalem, from 1976 - 1982. after completion of his military service he continued his general surgical training at kaplan medical centre in rehovot, israel. he then moved to sheba medical centre, tel hashomer, for his higher surgical orthopaedic training programme.
view profilebook an appointment






mr. giuseppe sforza, md, mch(orth) 
consultant orthopaedic
                                        shoulder & elbow surgeon
giuseppe sforza studied medicine at universita degli studi di bari, italy, 1986 - 1992. after completion of his general surgical training, he continued his higher orthopaedic training at the same university. he spent periods of fellowship at the danderyd hospital - karolinska institute, stockholm - sweden and at the southern california orthopaedic institute los angeles,...
view profilebook an appointment







mr paolo consigliere  
consultant orthopaedic
                                        shoulder & elbow surgeon
mr paolo consigliere is a fellowship trained consultant trauma and orthopaedic surgeon with a special focus on disorders of the shoulder and elbow. he is well-versed in advanced keyhole techniques and open joint replacement surgery, as well as trauma. 
view profilebook an appointment






secretaries




prof. ofer levy
anne






 

mr. giuseppe sforza
tania





 

nhs

















patient testimonials


dear mr levy

thank you for seeing me on saturday. for the rehabilitation of the right shoulder i would like to say a special word of thanks to the physio unit and in particular lawrence sonvico who has greatly assisted me. after the procedure the ward physios gave me a good overview o...




read all testimonials submit
                                your testimonial


patient testimonials


 reverse shoulder replacement 
fractures & trauma 
rotator cuff repair  
platelet-rich plasma (prp)
shoulder resurfacing
 arthroscopic decompression






return to full function as a farmer after copeland resurfacing
return to sport following verso reverse total shoulder replacement
return to full function as a farmer after copeland resurfacing
return to sport following verso reverse total shoulder replacement
return to golf and swimming after verso reverse total shoulder replacement
amazing! ...i couldn't even straighten my arm 3 month ago...
its fantastic! the best operation you can have...
verso shoulder - its wonderful... i got my full life back!
better movement then i ever remembered...
long term fu bilateral verso tsa for cuff tear arthropathy
10 years excellent results after verso tsa




my badly smashed shoulder and the palm tree technique
palm tree fixation for 4 part head split locked posterior fracture dislocation of the humeral head




platelet rich plasma (prp) injection to enhance rotator cuff repair with good post operative pain relief
revision rotator cuff repair with...
return to sport after arthroscopic rotator cuff repair and prp injection




platelet rich plasma (prp) injection to enhance rotator cuff repair with good post operative pain relief




return to full function as a farmer after copeland resurfacing




coming soon
coming soon
coming soon



read more










patient journey


initial meeting
treatment options & plan
preparing for surgery 
procedure
post operative care 
rehabilitation program 







contact us 























reading shoulder unit -
                                        berkshire independent hospital
berkshire independent hospital
                                    swallows croft, wensley road
                                    reading rg1 6uz
get directions

book an appointment



reading shoulder unit-
                                        dunedin hospital
spire dunedin hospital
                                    16 bath road
                                    reading rg1 6ns
get directions

book an appointment




























home   |disclaimer   |  privacy  |  sitemap  | feedback    |    tell a friend |   contact us

© reading shoulder unit, shoulder & elbow centre, berkshire, oxfordshire, hampshire, buckinghamshire, london 
















