



mary sutherland  exploring the unknown



















communicating with the spirit realmmaterialization through thought -quantum communicationthe lost solfeggio frequencyfacts on left handed peopleyou can make your body do anythingthe return of quetzalcoatlthe universal life streammessage to the light workersholgraphic mind theory simplifiedrealty and your belief system






join mary sutherland's groupsghosts r usancient mysteries msliving in the lightburlington ufo



    kentucky exploration     adena mounds of burlington       rock lake 



dael walker and mary at atzalan



 


in search for ancient manancient vimanas (ufos) of indiaserpent ridge in burlington wiphotographic evidence points to an ancient civilization  in burlington wisconsinself empowermentcreating your realitiescreating your realities 2






pdf's by mary sutherland






is burlington wisconsin another cahokia? i am getting closer to these answers click here and view the work that i have been recently working on. mary sutherland  - ancient sites of burlington






old new york times article on earthen mounds finds around burlington wisconsinclick here for pdf






ancient city of burlington wisconsinthe giant mound builders of burlingtonmary sutherland   click here for pdf






ancient mounds of madisonmound cities spaced every 50 miles - is your city and ancient mound city...check out the clues from my latest pdf






living in the light






lost  in time" "in search of ancient man -sutherland believes that the human race and all life on planet  earth has and is being held captive by a race of creator gods known as the anunnaki. to guarantee and maintain their control, deals were made and continue to be made with a selected group of humans, who have proclaimedthemselves to be the ‘chosen ones’.contemptuously they view the human race as ‘peasants’ and their secret agenda shows total disregard for the quality of life on this planet.through acts of genocide and spilling of the blood of millions history was re-written and the identity of the true people of earth was forgotten in time.sutherland’s upcoming series ‘in search of ancient man’ will provide proof positive that we need not look to the sky for the return of the ‘sky gods’ for the simple reason they never left. they remain on earth, hiding in the shadows using their ‘shepherd kings’ or ‘chosen ones’ tocarry on their hidden agenda .　"serpent headed when the glamour was lifted, but appearing to man as men among men. crept they into the councils, taking form that were like unto men. slaying by their arts the chiefs of the kingdoms, taking their form and ruling o'er men. only by magic could they bediscovered, only by sound could their faces be seen. sought they from the kingdom of shadows, to destroy man and rule in his place." emerald tablets






revelations...truths revealed in search of ancient man seriesin accordance with the jewish kabbalists, the civilization of atlantis was advancedfar beyond ours and had brought about their own destruction by disregarding thewisdom of the great teachers, choosing power and materialism over transcendence.on the back of a dollar bill, one can find a pyramid and the all-seeing eye of horuswhich strongly suggests that not only were our founding fathers the  ‘followers ofhorus” but believed it was their destiny to re-build this nation from the ‘ashes ofthe phoenix’.sir francis bacon asserted in his book, new atlantis, that whatever was going to bebuilt in north america would be atlantean in its basic archetypal pattern and destinypath, and at some point it would rise to the level of global dominion. then it would,like ancient atlantis, have to make a choice between power ‘for the sake of service’and power for the ‘sake of more power’… and as it decided, ‘the fate of the worldwould be determined.’in the writing of this book, it is my desire to enlighten the reader on the true historyof north america and our ancestral heritage that took root back when the people ofthis earth lived together as “one nation…on one continent( before it divided into thecontinents we have today) …under the ‘law of one’…”  the united states ‘pledge of allegiance’, “one nation… indivisible…with liberty andjustice for all” strongly indicates that our founding fathers not only knew the truehistory of north america, but believed this country to be the homeland of ancientatlantis.














haunted burlington wisconsinprice: 19.99burlington's historical district rests uneasily on top of twenty-seven ancient burial mounds. no wonder everyone in the seemingly sleepy wisconsin town owns a ghost story or two. residents have spotted the white beast of burlington near the old fish hatchery, bumped into a confederate apparition on academy road and caught a glimpse of the lady in blue at the malt house theater. mary sutherland spent fourteen years chasing local lore through the underground tunnels and eerie skies of this hotbed of supernatural activity. now she stands as a ready guide to the mysteries of the burlington vortex.



 







 


the red haired giants atlantis in north americain search of ancient man seriesi have a question for some of you who believe that the giants are the nephilm. some feel that the giants were the nephilm, thus are from the evil fallen angels that we need to destroy, fear or distrust....but in my book, i show that noah was a red haired giant. now if giants were in fact the product of the fallen angels and the family of noah repopulated the world...then are we not also the bloodline of the nephilm....or did we somehow find a loophole in this equation?in my book the red haired giants i produce evidence of the giant noah and his family line. i provide the truth behind the nephilm as to who they really were. and for the first time, the truth is provided about the red haired giants ... their rise to power, their influence on our lives and their genocide ordered by the god of abraham.evidence reported in this book  strongly supports that races of atlantean giants lived in north america and were the advent of the smaller races of modern men and women. as thousands of earthen burial mounds attest, constant war against one another caused their numbers to diminish and the smaller, but more numerous races eventually subjugated them. "the red-haired giants: atlantis in north america" tells the story of the red-haired giants fall from grace and their eventual extermination.the information in this book  is a real eye opener and the true history of mankind should not be ignored.











 


giants gods and lost races in search of ancient man seriesbook three in search of ancient man seriesit is beyond our comprehension that any of the story tales told to us as a youth could possibly be true. but what would you do if you were to learn that these stories may be based off events long ago forgotten in our history? mary sutherland, the author of “giants gods and lost races” takes you and your imagination back in time when giant humans walked the earth; earthly rulers and gods were riding around on “flying carpets” warring with each other and - as the ancient people described- 'having battles by throwing thunder bolts back and forth.' “giants gods and lost races” takes you back to a time of ‘celestial cities and air ships’; mountains rising from what seemed to be out of nowhere, destroying many and leaving others stranded on their snow covered peaks; strange gods and even stranger creatures walking around as half-man and half-animal











 










mary sutherland is an author and researcher focusing her work on consciousness studies, ancient history and unusual phenomena. she is a "hands on" researcher and the creator of one of the largest website on the internet with hundreds of pages providing information on the paranormal, ufos, ancient races and their cultures, sacred sites and power points of the world, underground tunnels and cave systems, dimensional worlds , metaphysics, etc. the governor of kentucky commissioned her as a ‘kentucky colonel” for her work on the ancient sites of kentucky. for the last 5 years, she has been exploring, mapping and documenting the ancient underwater structures of rock lake – near aztalan. for the last fourteen years she has been documenting the ancient sites around burlington, wi. truth is her passion. she believes it is through truth that we will break ourselves free of our present entanglements in life.when we become free, we will create our own ‘personal story’ of the ‘hero’s journey’ suggested by joseph campbell.






purchase booksby mary sutherland






tours






help support us by purchasing merchandise from our store. to visit our store just click onto the following linkstore






if you are looking for a special topic and can't find it, type the topic you are looking for  in the search box below and click search. all my websites on that subject will then pop up providing you a full list of everything i have written about it.  






brad and mary sutherland248 carver streetwinslow, illinois 61089815 367 1006






the burlington vortexenter  here to begin your adventure into the unknownburlington tours



 lost in time revisitedin search pf ancient man series284 pages21.99from ancient superstitions and lore to modern day scientific studies of earth and her survivors. book five of ‘in search of ancient man' series through the pages of her book, ‘lost in time…revisited’, mary sutherland shares accounts of a time when the planets were in collision; creating world-wide earth catastrophes. many races of humans and human type life forms were brought to the point of extinction. for the survivors, life as they knew it was no more.traumatized with fear and a lack of understanding as to what happened to them they fell into the darkness of ignorance and superstition. others took advantage of their plight by subjugating the masses. this was done by forcing them to accept religions and traditions run by self-ordained priests controlled by self-ordained gods. a new way of life and laws were introduced, enforced by god-appointed kings and their appointees.as time went on, the greedy gods and their appointees warred with each other forcing the people to take allegiance and help fight on their behalf. these wars went nuclear, radiating the lands and water, forcing the people to go underground for protection. a whole geological period has been erased from the land, leaving behind mere traces of these extinct nations, gods and ‘unknown races of humans’ that we only hear about through lore and mythology. in this book, sutherland uncovers the true history of man and the human-like creatures that may still co-exist with us, making their homes in inner earth and the underground tunnels.she shares with you her knowledge of the line of cain, the giants, creatures of the night and inner earth, flying crafts known as vimanas, the djinn, nephilim and much more. sutherland shows us through the writing of this book that with the dawning of this new age, ancient historical texts that have been hidden from our eyes for thousands of years are now being made available.the new sciences have helped us to learn more about explorations of our ocean floors, land and plate displacements, migration and evolution of ancient man, space exploration and more. we have now been given an opportunity to walk away from ignorance and superstition. today we are being given information whereas we can intelligently explore the possibilities of the 'great mysteries'.please go to my burlingtonnews.net/books.html site for the purchase of this book.the shopping cart will be up here soon. 
 


join us on facebook  click this linkwelcome to our study and research group .learn how to tap into your extrasensory abilities that are waiting to be awakened.everything is connected including the mysteries, strange events, ufos, cryptids, paranormal, ancient history, healing, ascension process.   our goal  1. to learn, seek and enlighten2. to apply skills to your life3. to be engaged in the process of learning4. to be around like-minded people5. to inspire people to open their minds to all the possibilities in life.






blogs by mary sutherland






allow me to introduce myself .... click here










get your book autographed by mary sutherland by ordering directly off my website !   purchases can be made through amazon.com , barnes&noble



 

 


our realities are based off energy ... everything is energyour thoughts not only manifest the energy we live in but can manifest in other dimensions.if you can think it, you can create it.














 



members site






shop in our store






you tube channel






face book group






purchase mary's books



 







  ‘lost in time, the rise and fall of the great empires of atlantis and lemuria  is a real eye-opener, filled with information that has been thought to be lost and forgotten.  through its pages, author and researcher mary sutherland again provides the seeker with missing information of our ancient past that was purposely removed and historically fabricated for the sole purpose of manipulating the masses.through the study of ancient texts, hands on research, local lore and legend, lost and rare books, the author provides exceptional information relating to the physical and spiritual evolution of mankind. she also helps the reader gain a greater understanding of ancient traditions, including the darker side of man’s history that have been swept under the proverbial rug far too long, such as genocide, incestuous procreation and marriages, human sacrifice and cannibalism.  sutherland informs the reader of the off-world anunnaki by exposing their motives behind creating and manipulating a race of human slaves controlled by their other human-hybrid creation we still biblically celebrate as the illustrious ‘chosen ones’ or ‘shepherd kings’.  the reader will be surprised to learn the true nature of the ‘chosen ones’ beginning with the flood survivor ‘noah’ whose bloodline had not been corrupted by ‘man’.  ‘lost in time’ takes the reader back to the days of ‘abraham’ and explains how he became the ‘father of all nations’ and to ‘joshua’ and the first genocide ordered by the ‘god of israel’. it exposes the truth behind the forced migration of the canaanites to africa then up into europe or across the ocean into north america where they left their mark as the ancient copper miners, the great mound builders, known to the native american indians as the ‘hu-kadesh’ or ‘toltec’, the precursors of the ‘mayan’ and ‘aztec’.‘lost in time’ introduces the ‘giants of old’ and the ‘mtdna haplogroup x group’ proving that atlantis did exist in north america. it details what the author calls the ‘red-haired gene’ carried by the line of cain who produced the royal kingship line of blue-bloods. where the bible’s story of cain leaves off, ‘lost in time’ picks up and gives evidence that the people of cain were the metal workers, the builders of cities and producers of kings. they were not only highly intelligent but were technologically advanced with aerospace capabilities!finally and most importantly, ‘lost in time’  provides the amazing history of north america ‘proving’ it to be the ‘motherland’, home of the ‘great atlan (atlantis) empire’ and home of the ‘serpent people’ known as the shape-shifting ‘nagas’.    price 21.99     253 pages 



lost in time, the rise and fall of the great empires of atlantis and lemuria



 


temporarily out of print






mary sutherland is an author and researcher focusing her work on consciousness studies, ancient history and unusual phenomena. she is a "hands on" researcher and the creator of one of the largest website on the internet with hundreds of pages providing information on the paranormal, ufos, ancient races and their cultures, sacred sites and power points of the world, underground tunnels and cave systems, dimensional worlds , metaphysics, etc. the governor of kentucky commissioned her as a ‘kentucky colonel” for her work on the ancient sites of kentucky. for the last 5 years, she has been exploring, mapping and documenting the ancient underwater structures of rock lake – near aztalan. for the last fourteen years she has been documenting the ancient sites around burlington, wi. truth is her passion. she believes it is through truth that we will break ourselves free of our present entanglements in life.when we become free, we will create our own ‘personal story’ of the ‘hero’s journey’ suggested by joseph campbell.






portals...gateways to the multi-dimensional worlds19.99  120 pagesfull colorportals- gateways to the multi-dimensional worldsbelieve in the magic seriesin reading my book, ‘portals- gateways to the multi-dimensional worlds’ and my series ‘believe in the magic’, i assure you, that you will not be disappointed. quite the opposite; this book and upcoming series offer to the reader a unique understanding of ‘all that is!’spread throughout its pages, are photos my husband brad and i have taken through the years of the invisible worlds, filled with multiple selves, faeries, trolls, ufos, angels and more.this book promises you not only ‘understanding’ but ‘photographic proof’ that multi-dimensional realities do exist! when you understand the workings of these multi-dimensional levels, you will then appreciate not only the wonders of the multi-universe, but the ‘magic that lie within’…‘portals- gateways to the multi-dimensional worlds’ will teach you to not only communicate with the multi-dimensional worlds, but to photograph these worlds, the entities that live within and the strange phenomena interacting with us.in this book and throughout the ‘believe in the magic series’, i will teach you how the mind interprets your reality and how you can use this information to create the reality or realties you desire. i will continue to inform you about vortices, portals, time slips, the oz factor or dead zones, alternative realities, frequencies and vibrations.it is my purpose to help you, once again, believe in your own multi-dimensional capabilities and the magic that lies within!














click here






mary sutherland is now available for television,radio interviews and speaking engagements  to learn about mary sutherland click the following link'everything you wanted to know about mary'



 


legends magazine






exploring the unknown with brad and mary sutherlanda sutherland productionburlingtonnews.net






legends e-magazinefor more information on magazines please go to our website at burlingtontonnews.net/legends.html



 


urban legends and lorevolume 1 no. 1 july 26, 2019   first issue  free to readersfeatured articlesrh negative blood and the bloodline of the tribe of danaan (tuatha de danaan)  the promise of the bird kingevery town has a story  haunted galena, illinois -illinois state beach park resort – our stay at the haunted resortzion illinois - the haunting of shiloh houseapple river state park and the town that disappeared without a tracethe origin and evolution of bigfootin search of bigfoot and dog man  at avon flats  how i became a ghost hunterburlington haunted cemeteriesarchaeological evidence submitted by followersburlington haunted and historical toursdetecting vortices  letters to the editor 25click here for free pdf














in search of urban legends and lore e-magazinevolume 1 no. 3 august 18, 2019  price 4.99featured articlesthe “nvnehi” …they walk among us –self-empowerment workshopfrom the caterpillar to the butterfly                             copper based bloodline of the royal blue bloods      the canary islands and the canaanites                       cougars in the midwest                                                illinois state beach park and resort                           great sauk indians and the war chief black hawk  book reviews                                                           














legends focusing on lifestyles, legend, lorevolume 1 no. 4  sept 28, 20019price 4.99featured articleseventsthe time of the transformationbong - strange but trueunderstanding energy imprintsdimensional travel in a vortexbook reviewscreating your life through entitlementchanging the world through thoughts and deedslake geneva and the lake serpent jenniehaunted woods toursthe haunted paintingmeet the publisher



   


free issue



 


documenting the strange phenomena of burlington's haunted woodsghost stories  •  the banshee: an irish legend - 1•   leopold and loeb: chicago thrill killers - the haunting on darrow's bridge  •  hell breaks loose creepy theories about the servant girl annihilator -legend of the jack-a-lopethe kickapoo valley -•  the earthen mounds and human sacrifice• sacred fire ceremonies•the gardens of eden, cradles of humanity•  garden of eden in wisconsin – 45•  ancient people and mounds of gays mills•  kickapoo valley ancient mounds and the mound builders 50•   karsts caves and sink holes of crawford county•  rattlesnake hunters of the kickapoo• evidence of ancient travels found in violaevidence of poseidon found in lake michiganlegendary sea and lake serpentscut marks on mammoth proves wisconsin has earliest evidence of manbook reviewscreating your life through entitlementchanging the world with thoughts followed by deeds











 urban legends and lore magazinevolume 1 number 2  august 9, 2019price 4.99featured storesthe art of psychic photographyley lines and portal phenomenaburlington wi strangenessbook reviewsdogmen,werewolves, cynocephalus,saint christopher - saint or god 
















   


warps vs vortices and paranormal hotspotsthe mysteries of the caves along the wisconsin rivermontezuma's treasure in illinois - aztecs in wisconsin  the hopi legend of the ant peoplelegend of count draculathe vampire of crogland grangemurder, mystery and ghosts along chicago's north shorewerewolves and hell hounds on the moorsthe cave of the  catsthe djinnthe chicago fire of 1871






click here for more infolegends magazinevolume 1 no 6



   


quantum sightwarps and portalsportal jumping and phase shiftingholographic universethe winds of hell - an inland hurricaneunderstanding energy imprintsthe faery people – ufos and the unseen worldsastral travel - obes –the ghosts of john wayne casey and pogo the clownmineral point vampirefrancis crick - speaking about dna






underground records and the ghost of charlie chaplinliving your vibrationthe meta-human essencesjohn dillinger- public enemy no.1let sleeping witches liedullahan - the  headless horsemanare you seeing a ghost, spirit or guide?






richard trenton chase- the vampire of sacramentowarning – very graphicthe house on randolph streetthe perfect stormdancing with the deada ghostly battleliving in an invisible worldcryptids and ghostsunderstanding psychic smell






click here for more infolegends magazinevolume 1 no. 7






click here for more infolegends magazinevolume 1 no. 8






click here for more infolegends magazinevolume 1 no. 9



 


click her for more infolegends magazinevolume 1 no. 10



 


featured articlespictorial of civil war battlefieldspictorial of haunted cemeteriesurban legends surrounding the stories of hannibal missouri and huckleberry finntreasures of pirate john murrellghost hunters i have knownthe stone and the spiritsrobinson woodsconfederate dead walkpath of the  mound builders , from michigan to the gulf of mexicohwy 61 - the spine of ancient mounds and templeswhen the sky crashed






click here for more infolegends magazinevolume 1 no. 11



 


.st. valentine’s day massacre.egyptian blue bloods.a werewolf puzzle. haunted willow creek farm. the tribe of danaan rh factor. the body snatchers. easy eddie and butch o’hare  . how i came to believe in bigfoot.my  thoughts on bigfoot






click here for more infolegends magazinevolume 1 no. 12






legends magazine issueslegends home pagelegends 1legends 2legends 3legends 4legends 5legends 6legends 7legends 8legends 9legends 10legends 11legends 12legends 13legends 14legends 15legends 16legends 17legends 18legends 19legends 20legends 21legends 22






legends magazine issues membersfor more magazines go tolegends home pagesubscribemembershipall back issues freemerchant discountsmember only websitesarchived bufo radio shows and podcasts



  


have questions ?  a story to tell?  information to share? a suggestion?simply click the above ' letters to the editor banner' to send mary sutherland an e-mail.bsutherland@wi.rr.com










   


complimentary issue of legends magazinecommunicating with nature spiritsdocumenting the paranormal worldmy experience in dowsingthe magiciansfriday the 13th and the shroud of turinthe chief's chair - haunted!confederate ghosts at the cashtown innisle of man vampirehaunted kenoshaatlantis in nova scotiasoulless humansdownload a copy of this issue now






click here for more infolegends magazinevolume 2 no. 13






click here for more infolegends magazinevolume 2 no. 15



 


click here for more infolegends magazinevolume 2 no. 14






complimentary issue of legends magazine.djinnparting of the red seathe fires of beltanest. francis and the wolfcross and the pentagramhull house devil child  mothmandownload issue now



 


the caul bearersthe metamorphis of deaththe vatican’s view on  evpsancient astronauts vs ancient diversmercy- vampiresirelands undeadcryptids – eye witness accountswerewolves and silver bulletsthe beginnings of a paranormal hunterghostsspirits & guidesdownload pdf issue



 


haunted woods of burlingtontime & space travelby the light of the moon...werewolvesthe great serbian vampire scarehow i came to believe in faeriesthe oz factor and bigfoota lost ship of pearls in the mojave desertis there a lost city under death valleydowsing & interdimensional cooperationdownload  pdf issue






click here for more infolegends magazinevolume 2 no. 15



 


warps vs vortices & paranormal hotspotssaga of the haunted woods part twoawakening to nature signspath of the skin walkerbutte des mortshill of the deadelijah and the chariot of fireemperial rome in crawford countymy transmedium familyeddie waitkus - the naturaldunning - chicago's neighborhood of terrorone eyed scythiansdownload pdf issue









