 


[koko] "onward"




















     
    about
archives
notes
tidbits
    (rss)
    music
vidconf.net

 technologists.com

     
    



 




[koko] tales of sensory power in today’s worldnovember 26, 2024
usa choice: self-obsession or beacon of hope?november 4, 2024
always a technician – thanks to mom & uncle clintjuly 8, 2024
[koko] rarely one to avoid controversy…may 28, 2024
[koko] knowing and accepting limitationsfebruary 6, 2024
[koko] keeping warmaugust 7, 2023
[koko] still learningjune 18, 2023
roe is gone, one more roundjune 28, 2022
“just as good as caruso” – props for kim wilson & charlie mccoymay 5, 2022
mel west, engaging people to help people in nicaraguaapril 25, 2022
glimpses from the vulcan, 1969-70february 14, 2022
[koko] misp 2022janary 10, 2022
why i continue to serve — i remember nicaraguadecember 13, 2021
making private 1960s and 70s recordings publicaugust 21, 2021
jimmie vaughan set w/ storm track i recordedaugust 4, 2021
celebrate ramblin' jack elliott's 90th 91st 92nd 93rd birthday!august 1, 2024
[koko] lp digitizing milestone approachingmay 18, 2021
remembering denny freemanapril 28, 2021
[koko] dell unix sustainable!january 19, 2021
computer systems performance modelingaugust 25, 2020
remembering resqaugust 25, 2020
[koko] (welcome to …) eight jurassic o.s. on 1992 dell 486d/50september 26, 2019
[koko] reviving timbl's worldwideweb browserjuly 1, 2019
[koko] exploring nextstep 486july 1, 2019
1992 jaws demo for stewart cheifetmay 17, 2019
let's start at the very beginning... 801, romp, rt/pc, aix versionsmarch 8, 2017
next, give steve a little credit for the weboctober 8, 2011
mainstream videoconferencing available againfebruary 14, 2008
a brief history of dell unixjanuary 10, 2008






[koko] "onward"
	  

 tl;dr so much to do: old/new/audio/hardware/software/music/video... you gotta keep on movin'

 [extra credit for reading everything (including the links) 😹] 
    



    "the only thing i knew how to do
    was to keep on keepin' on like a bird that flew"
    (1975) "tangled up in blue" - bob dylan
    






may 7, 2024 -- 
five decades ago, i was immersed in working on my dissertation when 
wally stopher (as he called himself then) came to my door and announced "this is roky erickson" — my jaw dropped. they came by a couple of times. roky let me copy a cassette he was carrying and let me tape him playing my upright piano.
wally [more recently, "henry"] was/is better known as "oat willie" 
for his infamous candidacy 
for texas governor in 1968, and for the campaign slogan "onward, through the fog," coined by his late partner, linda miller.
    



many of the things i say i've said before, but
    as one of my mentors oft said, "repetition is an essential tool in this man's army."
    i endeavor to make progress on a multiplicity of small projects that fit 
    into several larger themes.
    perhaps i attempt too much, but if i pursue "the next right thing,"
    am effective and enjoy, how can this be wrong?
    

home music studio




one of the themes is creating a home sound studio that
    can encompass everything from reel to reel tapes and 
    midi 
    files made decades ago, to modern digital audio workstation (daw) 
    software, and to potential remote collaboration in real time with 
    jack audio connection kit, 
    jacktrip, 
    and/or 
    zoom advanced audio.
    

the reel to reel tapes of interest include recordings made from the 1960s to the 1990s, by me and others, in primitive environments and commercial studios, in infamous and historical venues, of unknown and prominent performers. 
    some of the recordings are currently available; most are private now but some likely will become public. so far i have been paid for work with roughly 60 reels and anticipate more work in the future.
    







the midi files were mostly made at home in the 
   1980s & 90s, mostly with equipment i still have or equivalents from the 
   same era.
   one of the equipment items of particular historical interest is a seminal 
   roland mpu-401 that i originally patched into an ibm pcjr — most 
   recently i used the 401 in a 1992 dell 486 d33 that still works well. 
   the files, on 5.25" diskettes, predate the 1991 
   general midi 
   specification and thus are best handled with the original roland music
   processing system (mps) that was bundled with the 401. 
   i've run mps on the d33 to transfer the midi data to modern software. 
   however, that is less than ideal because of non-standard instrumentation.
   the mps author has provided me with sufficient documentation that i 
   potentially could mimic mps functions in other software. 
   i also have source code for a bundle of 401
   software utilities included by 
   strait music
   when i bought the 401 at their historic location a few years after the devastating 1981 flood.
   




for daw software, until recently, i had been 
    "making do" with audacity 2 and cubase 4 on an i5 windows 10-32 
    machine, supplemented by a rasberry pi 4 designated for jacktrip. 
    (i also have i5 and m1 macbook pros, but locations and portable use
    mean neither fit naturally into studio projects.)
    a confluence of motivations led to upgrades to a pi 5, windows 11 on 
    an i7 and an i5 mac mini: pi 5's became available, the memory
    limits of 32 bit windows kept cropping up, some of the
    appealing software requires 64 bit windows, and desirable software for 
    macos didn't fit with the macbooks.
    now both the mac mini and windows 11 machines have 
    latest audacity 3.5.1, and cubase 11.5 and 13, respectively.
    in windows 11, pro tools and waveform 12 are also available as 
    alternate daws. 
    the intel 
    openvino 
    plugin for audacity does surprisingly well at separating
    drums/bass/vocals/others into separate tracks. 
    

quite a few of the 1970s/80s/90s reels are 4 channels 
    that were mixed to stereo at the time and subsequently digitized. 
    presumably they can now be digitized without the extra stereo tape 
    generation degradation, potentially mixed better, and potentially 
    improved by a few of the plethora of bundled daw capabilities and available
    vst 
    plugins.
    




i had long contemplated transition from windows 10-32 
    to windows 10-64 or windows 11.
    other machines here have windows 11, even windows insider program.
    but day to day, windows 10 has been my staple.
    further, i didn't want to leave behind older software, some of 
    which just doesn't work in 64 bit windows, e.g., the 
    original 
    vmware, 
    and some of which wouldn't transition
    without relicensing. 
    i'm used to multibooting disparate environments on a given machine,
    such as with an optiplex 3010 utility machine that can boot fedora,
    ubuntu, windows 10 or windows 11.
    i'm also used to getting refurbished dell machines instead of new ones.
    

i discovered that the emphasis on 
    uefi, 
    tpm, 
    windows 11, et al, seems to intentionally discourage
    multibooting older operating systems.
    i purchased a refurbished 
    2018 
    optiplex 5060 in part because it meets the strict windows 11 requirements.
    however, i discovered that the machine's uefi firmware explicitly
    forbade booting internal "legacy" devices.
    i returned the 5060 in favor of an older optiplex 7010 that nominally 
    isn't sufficient for windows 11, but seems just fine with windows 11.
    in addition to the primary ssd, there is an ssd with windows 10 
    and fedora as boot options (plus an hdd for archives). 
    




although i could grump about almost any operating
    environment i've used, windows 11 is more a pleasant surprise than
    not. 
    i still wish explorer was more like the windows 95 version, but that
    ship sailed long ago.
    windows 95 will always have special memories for me, starting with
    meeting 
    brad silverberg, then head of windows, at dell in 1992.
    the professional developers conferences began my hands on experience with "chicago," as it was then known, the first windows that i enjoyed using daily.
    subsequently, on a visit to redmond, brad called me into his office and
    personally installed the latest chicago build on my laptop.
    i continued to work with the pre-release versions and still have souvenirs
    from the august 1995 launch event in redmond.
    

just as hardware manufacturers have the challenge of 
    convincing people to purchase new machines when their existing ones seem 
    good enough, microsoft is 
    struggling 
    to get people to move from windows 10 to 11 when 10 seems good enough.
    however, when i go back to windows 10, it feels "clunky" -- i do
    actually prefer 11.
    i particularly like the improvements in 
    snipping tool.
    

virtual and emulated machines




virtual machines have been essential to me since i learned the concept as a
graduate student, probably from 
section 9.5
of madnick & donovan. 
when i joined ibm research, vm/370 was my primary operating environment.
when i joined the 
afws
project at ibm austin in 1982, i became lead architect of the virtual 
resource manager, a virtual machine environment for afws.
when the first vmware version became available, i began using vmware to 
manage servers, to prepare demonstrations for patent cases, and
for a variety of experiments.
most of the vmware successor desktop products, starting with the second 
version and up through the current workstation player were not as appealing 
to me.
i stuck with the original but it only works in 32 bit environments.
i currently use vmware's vsphere to manage web servers and test 
environments.
broadcom acquired vmware llc last year and apparently intends
to divest legacy versions of vsphere and other products. i have been 
especially motivated to refresh my understanding and ensure that i can 
proceed with legacy vmware products using only copies and licenses i already
posess.
for many of my needs, the original vmware product has been displaced by 
virtualbox, 
especially for 64 bit windows and for macos purposes.
86box 
has been essential to keeping 
dell unix sustainable without legacy hardware.
simh and 
qemu 
are relatively new to me, but i've become dependent on
them for exploring unix version 6 in emulated pdp11, x86, and risc-v
machines.
    

source code study and revision

i immerse in source code, ranging from ancient to 
    current, and revise that code when appropriate.
    part of my motivation is simply self improvement. 
    part is being in practice for when i get patent engagement inquiries.
    part is directly helping others, with web sites, tutoring, and
    other issues.
    mostly the code is in 
    c, 
    but also c derivatives such as c++ and java, plus php and others.
    some of the deferred items include pursuing midi, e.g., making 
    sense of mps files enough to convert to modern midi, anthony 
    bonkoski's 
    c compiler in 
    512 bytes, and
    lg's 
    webos open source edition
    for touch screens with pi 4. 
    i had been cautiously adding #ifdefs to 
    spec89
    to make it build with more recent compilers and systems. 
    that is tedious, but i have made progress and intend to get re-engaged.
    most recently, i have been studying unix version 6, using will 
    senn's simh 
    instructions for pdp 11/40,
    illuminated by the classic 
    lions commentary plus the mit 
    x86
    and 
    risc-v
    variants using qemu emulations.
    

music

i don't spend nearly as much time as i want 
    pursuing music skills for enjoyment and potential collaboration.
    there are so many great resources available online.
    some of the best ones offer introductory versions for free as enticement to
    engage with paid versions.
    in late march i participated in 
    danny ziemann's 
    "elite ears" ear training and "fix the mix" from
mastering.com. 
i am still digesting what i learned from those.
artistworks has an amazing array of instructors, including people like 
sierra hull.
    













my mandolin playing is rudimentary, especially 
    compared to sierra, but i have still wanted an excellent instrument. 
    the singularly influential instrument is the gibson f-5, especially the ones made by lloyd
    loar in 1923 -- one of his in reasonable condition costs $100k or more.
    last october gibson announced "the 1923 f-5 master model reissue is a painstaking clone of the mandolin that started it all, the most highly prized f-5 ever made, those signed in july of 1923 by gibson’s master luthier and designer, lloyd loar." 
    a video of sierra and one of the key gibson people illustrates how well gibson succeeded.  
    as much as i wanted one, i couldn't justify spending $20k.
    i have had a 1918 f-2 (much less expensive) for a long time but it had never seemed quite right, especially the tuners.
    my christmas present to myself was to take the f-2 to mark erlewine to add waverly tuners like the f-5 reissue. 
    the f-2 now meets my needs at a small fraction of the cost of an f-5.
    




with short daily practice on clarinet, i have 
    amazed myself by becoming able to reliably play notes as high as g7, 
    arguably the limit of practicality: upper altissimo register: g#6 to a7. 
    at this time a year ago, i couldn't reliably play above e6.
    "practice, practice, practice."
    i hadn't spent much time playing keyboards since 1969, but this
    year i have been playing daily and am trying to be disciplined about relearning
    the basics.
    

video collaboration







and another theme is leveraging conferencing and collaboration on the internet. 
    it is hard to believe that video communication started a century ago.
    when we wrote mainstream videoconferencing three decades ago, we anticipated much of the progress, but today's reality still amazes.
    social challenges seem at least as significant as technical challenges now.
    i host several public zoom meetings every week and participate in quite
    a few other public and private video meetings.
    zoom "bombers," miscreants who endeavor to disrupt meetings and offend
    participants, persist but keeping them in the "waiting room" or,
    at least, not allowing them to send audio/video, seems sufficient 
    to thwart their bombing.
    

in closing ...

it is dismaying that even governments are largely 
    eliminating 
    monitoring covid-19. 
    yes, the pandemic is over, but people are still being hospitalized
    and dying from covid-19, especially older people.
    better monitoring might also help with understanding of new threats,
    e.g., transmission of 
    h5n1 
    to mammals.
    caution in social situations, masking, and vaccination are still 
    warranted — we got covid-19 boosters again last week.
    as we continue amongst the dwindling number of "novids" — people who 
    have never been infected — we no longer seem to get the milder 
    infections such as colds or flu that were routinely experienced before the 
    pandemic.
    




i have increased my exercise regimen: daily 
    strengthening exercises, four days a week on the treadmill plus 
    stationary cycling the other days.
    i don't have a cycle 
    commute 
    to work any more, but still cycle outside to go to the grocery, etc.
    

i no longer serve as board chair for
    rainbow network,
    or on the board of
    mobility worldwide, 
    but still serve as it and web volunteer with both of those organizations 
    and our church.
    

there's more to say, but this is enough for now.
    when i look back at notes about past plans, i seem to be progressing ok.
    

valerie milburn and helen sneed have just released the 41st episode
    of their award-winning podcast
mental health: hope and recovery.
    helen ends each episode "we'll leave you with our favorite word, onward."
    







p.s. ledward kaapana would say jus' press.


-30-

    +1.512.788.5254
    
sauer@technologists.com

    facebook/google/linkedin/twitter: charleshsauer
    
http://technologists.com/~sauer/

http://vidconf.net/



back to top
copyright © 1995-2025 charles h. sauer. all rights reserved.
       




