



	
	sacramento local agency formation commission (lafco) main page


































































































sign in







toggle navigation
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            









toggle search
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            















homecurrently selectedabout uscommission membersapplication formspolicy, standards and procedures manuallafco staffspecial district advisory committeeproperty tax exchange agreementsresourcesservice providers directorylinksmunicipal services reviewsphere of influence informationairport south materialsdel paso manor water districtarchived lafco projects



















sacramento local 
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            






 agency formation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     






 commission                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     






 (lafco)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        










it looks like your browser does not have javascript enabled. please turn on javascript and try again.













page content​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​people wanting to meet with staff are strongly urged to schedule their meeting beforehand ​by contacting lafco at 
   ​916-874-6458 or commissionclerk@saclafco.org. thank you for the understanding.​​​ ​​​ 
   ​​inquire about the availability of documents in alternate formats.pdf files require adobe acrobat reader®, download the free version at adobe.ppt documents require microsoft powerpoint, download the free     powerpoint viewer.    
    ​

contact us what's new! ​learn more: ​lafco staff has created and presented a munipical service review 101 and a lafco 101. we encourage you to learn more about this agency by checking out this link​. del paso manor water district: a separate webpage has been created and can be found with this lin​​k or on the panel to the left. please watch that page for any updates and to learn more about the lafco process.​airport south update: on june 12, 2024, ​lafco held a ​hearing to receive public comments
on the draft environmental impact report (deir)​ for this project. no decision was made on the project. ​​​to learn more, view t​he staff report and check out the airport south material page​. 
      ​recently approved municipal service reviewssacsewer-regional san municipal service review​ on november 6, 2023. sacramento suburban water district municipal service review on march 6, 2024.carmichael water district​​ on april 3, 2024.meetings​​


the next lafco hearing is tentatively scheduled for march 5, 2025​. the legal notice for the march 5, 2025 commission hearing can be found he​re​ - when link is available​. ​sign up to receive email messages when meeting ​updates are available​.
​​​​regularly scheduled meetings are shown live on metro cable channel 14 and are webcast live on metro cable tv website. the replay schedule varies, according to prog​ramming.​​​​
 agendas and action summaries - june 3, 201​5 to present​​​​​
 meeting archives - april 1,  2015 and past​​additional informationa new map system​ for looking up service providers under sacramento lafco authority is now available. sphere of influence overview

powerpoint version
adobe pdf version
incorporation v. annexation: a comparison
powerpoint version
adobe pdf version
annexation flow chart
additional lafco requirements
sb 272 reporting notice​​the current "lafco law​" cortese-knox-hertzberg local government reorganization act of 2000) is available.​












content 1​​​​​what's lafco?local agency formation commission (lafco) is a countywide commission, required in each california county
our goals: ensure the orderly formation of local governmental agenciespreserve agricultural and open space landsdiscourage sprawl
we govern:boundary changes (annexations) of cities and special districtsformation of new agenciesincorporation of new cities and districtsconsolidation or reorganization of special districts and or citiesmunicipal service reviewsspheres of influence updates 
sacramento lafco joins with every lafco​​ across the state in accepting greater responsibility for local government service delivery​.​​​​​










content 2​sign-up for news updates via email with gov delivery! receive announcements​ on completed/updated municipal service reviews, project updates and potential lafco trainings available to the general public.














© 
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    

    sacramento local agency formation commission
                                        
                                        
                                        
commissionclerk@saclafco.org
                                        
                                        
                                        



1112 i street, suite 100                                                                                                                        


sacramento, ca 95814                                                                                                                        


(916)874-6458 / fax (916) 854-9099                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                



















