




costa maya, xcalak and mahahual (majahual) information pages















































 





 the costa maya is located on the south end of the mexican caribbean coast. on the north side it touches the sian ka'an biosphere reserve and on the south side it contains the xcalak national reef park. the costa maya is separated from belize by the river boca bacalar chico. the area is slowly developing into an ecological tourist area. low impact hotels are slowly emerging on the coast. (quintana roo map, costa maya map)

    this site has information on the history and geography of the area. to prepare for your holiday to mahahual (majahual) and xcalak you can find information on lodging and on the activities. on the community pages you can find information on health, education, find your neighbors etc. on the business pages you can find information on buying land, building etc.

    if you can not find the information you are looking for or if you want to check if information is still up to date then you can use the message board on this site. 


 you can book your accommodation on the costa maya through our web site xcalak.info. there is a broad range of possibilities available; hotels, cabanas and rental houses. you'll find good search options and great pictures of the listed places. these accommodations are spread over the whole of the costa maya.


soon we will be adding more places to our service. this means 90% of all accommodation on the costa maya can be rented through our site. we will also be including some places to book on your way to and from mahahual (majahual) and xcalak. 
 


 




 the village of xcalak is small and tranquil. there are about 400 inhabitants. life in xcalak is relaxed, most people live from fishing. infrastructure development is slowly bringing xcalak to the 21st century standard of living. however due to environmental laws the area is protected against large scale tourism. developments like the local clinic and library increase the standard of living for the native population. 

    the village of xcalak lies within the xcalak national reef park. the park protects the meso american reef which lies al along the costa maya coast. on the south side of the marine park lies the mangrove area with the river boca bacalar chico. many people visit that area to see the beautiful flora and fauna. 

 


the village of mahahual (majahual) is small but more and more busy with visitors discovering the costa maya. there are about 200 inhabitants. life in mahahual (majahual) is relaxed.
                when cruise ships arrive the tranquil town changes into a busy place. mahahual (majahual) offers beaches and active tours. most tours are organized from the cruise dock. tours are available to the beautiful archeological sites of chacchoben and kohunlich. mahahual (majahual) also offers marine sports of which of course diving. 

 


one of the main attractions of the costa maya is the vicinity of the famous banco chinchorro. banco chinchorro lies about 35 km into the sea. it the largest atoll in the northern hemisphere. the flora and fauna as well as the many wrecks dating from the 16th century are amazing.









xcalak national marine park


  xcalak and the surrounding area is part of the xcalak national reef park. read more on the park on this site.

 

    the xcalak national reef park information was supplied by by suzanne from xtc diving.



diving


  the costa maya is probably most famouse for it's diving opportunities. in mahahual (majahual) and xcalak there a excellent local dive sites.
  banco chinchorro is the largest atol in the northern hemisphere. it is located about the 30 kms from the shore. it is well know for the flora and fause and the very high amount of wrecks that are found mainly on the east side of the atol.  
 





news


 
there is always something happening on the costa maya. find the latest news on our site. the costa maya sun has all the latest information relevant to the costa maya.


 
 


fly fishing with victor castro 


victor castro will help you out to get the best day of fly fishing. he has his own web site where you can find out all there is to know about fly fishing on the costa maya.




 










what to do?


 most popular on the costa maya are of course diving and fishing. snorkeling and kayaking are also the favorite time passing on the ever tempting caribbean sea. 
 
  



photo gallery


we have a photo gallery on our site to help you select your hotel and see which trips and activities you really don't want to miss out on. 








flora and fauna



  xcalak and the costa maya is famous for it's pristine environment. visitors are attracted by bird life and the famous reefs. 
 

 find out more on the plants and animals which can be seen in the area.




 


laguna azul


  laguna azul is a great place on laguna bacalar. it is near pedro santos, just south of the turnoff from highway 306 to the costa maya. it is great to spend a couple of days there to do some relaxing and kayaking.







 
 


 



































 


 


 


 


 


 


 












top






 





  costa maya, xcalak and mahahual (majahual) support association© 

 







