


demiorator




















 line -->


























saturday, march 12, 2011
 

random 10 songs: petty little brother

lacking the brain cells to create a coherent narrative or assay an essay, i default to randomizing songs.iggy pop - shadesrob zombie - what lurks on channel x? [xxx mix]tom petty and the heartbreakers -  rockin' around (with you)white denim - mess your hair upjohn mayall - bernard jenkinsthe infidels featuring juliette lewis - bad brotherearl hooker - hot 'n' heavyspinal tap - break like the windwhite stripes - little cream sodayo la tengo - little hondabonus track: evil stig - drinking songlabels: lists, songs
permalink posted by demiorator @ 12:26 am
   
      

 | 


 
thursday, june 24, 2010
 

random 10 songs: zombie clash

thus breathes a slight return of life from the recumbent, yet slightly somnambulant blog host. a dream of music, a muse of dreams speaks in whispers. let me listen a while...white zombie - electric head, pt. 2 [sexational after dark mix]clash - what's my namebob mould - black sheets of rainthe cure - out of this worldbritish sea power - fear of drowning-2002john mayall - me and my womanj. geils band - hard drivin' manlive - toptodd snider - play a train songdeftones - can't even breathebonus track: rory gallagher - garbage man [live]labels: lists, poesy, songs
permalink posted by demiorator @ 10:13 pm
   
      

 | 


 
friday, october 16, 2009
 

james arthur ray upbeat and full of positive affirmations about killing and hospitalizing people

ah, the ability to deny all responsibility for deaths and injury, despite the fact they happened under your direct orders and supervision. james arthur ray seems clear that people died of their own volition in his "sweat lodge" not, for example, because of being denied food or water for 36+ hours beforehand.examiner.com has an initial story (2 dead after hours in ariz. sweat lodge identified) but much more interesting are a pair of posts by a columnist named cassandra yorgey.transcript of private call between james ray and sweat lodge victims has plenty of disturbing quotes from ray. better yet is the quote in this section from barb, a member of ray's staff:this, i think, is the worst part of the entire conference call. barb is one of james ray’s staff members and she goes on to talk “of the two that had passed and they left their bodies during the ceremony and had so much fun they chose not to come back and that was their choice that they made.” this is going to be really hard for james ray and his people to explain when the autopsy results are released, because people do not cook themselves to death. they just don’t. barb implying they do is asserting james ray’s innocence and falsely supporting that the survivors are alive because they chose to live. in actuality, james ray had to be interrupted and the participants were physically removed from the sweat lodge because they were not capable of transporting themselves. read the whole thing. cassandra yorgey has another piece which also deserves some attention: inside accounts of james ray sweat lodge tragedy and retreat.i'd like to see ray and his positive vibes in prison.labels: arizona, death, james arthur ray, newage, sweat lodge, the secret
permalink posted by demiorator @ 8:59 pm
   
      

 | 


 
wednesday, october 14, 2009
 

james arthur ray and deaths by fake "sweat lodge"

 so what happens when a newage "guru" named james arthur ray kills two people and puts a bunch more in the hospital from a "sweat lodge" he led? so far, nothing.oprah put mr. ray on her show several times so he must be important. he was profiled in the bestselling book the secret.i highly recommend reading the posts over on pàganachd bhandia for some insight on the situation:plastic death sweat - 2 dead, 3 critical, 16 more hospitalizednew age death sweat ii - nyt editorial by dr. al carrollnew age death sweat iii - response by arvol lookinghorse (lakota)labels: fake ceremony, james arthur ray, newage, sweat lodge
permalink posted by demiorator @ 10:43 pm
   
      

 | 


 
monday, april 20, 2009
 

celebrating the progressive magazine

over a month ago, i was going to write a piece in praise of the progressive magazine. their 100th anniversary issue had come out and i was duly impressed by the contents sampling their entire 100 year history.while i've been reading the progressive off and on for my entire adult life, i really was not aware of the history of the magazine and its pretty consistent, ah, progressive editorial perspective.for example, in 1925 they took a stand against the attempts to eradicate indian/native american culture through the boarding school system.this got me to thinking about the role of truly left-of-center magazines in us culture. (i use the qualifier "truly" because i don't particularly count, say, the nation or the atlantic. mags like those are examples of the very conventional establishment talking to itself and not significantly challenging the status quo.)i look at the newsstands packed with lifestyle mags, entertainment and celebrity pablum, and i wonder why people are so easily distracted from the central issues in their lives. we seem so helpless and hopeless, acted upon rather than actors. i try to remember that revolution is always an option.you should too.
permalink posted by demiorator @ 1:41 pm
   
      

 | 


 
thursday, april 02, 2009
 

25 radical ways to change society

on politicoholic, i came across a post on 25 ways to use your blog and social media to create change.i was struck by the weakly liberal tone of many of the suggestions. perhaps it's just the self-congratulatory attitude of self-importance permeating it that annoys me. the whole list reeks of "look at me! i'm making a big change in the world! and i'm telling you all about it!"while educating people has value, it isn't the same as actually effecting change with sweat and physical action. most blogs are the equivalent of parlor pontification.i started to wonder what a more radical version might look like, a version that put more emphasis on doing things in the world rather than just blogging about doing things. so here is my first attempt at such a list. it's repetitious in places but it's intended to mirror the original list linked above. i just re-wrote each numbered point as i came to it. it's not perfect but it's mine. 1. start simple: steal from large corporations.2. join an activist group, a group that performs direct action.3. or if there isn't a group with politics or an activist philosophy you agree with, create your own. form a small group of trusted people and collectively decide on goals and actions.4. videoblog an interview with someone with radical political views. ask them about strategies to transform society. 5. share a meal with a stranger, someone not like you. 6. has someone you love been affected by class warfare or capitalism's indifference to individual suffering?? share your story and raise awareness.7. demand change from government and corporations. be specific. 8. petitions are rarely effective at changing institutions or governments. do not delude yourself that they are useful.  9. vlog a political demonstration. if there is a strong police presence, show it.10. twitter is a distraction. don't mistake it for action. 11. write about your experiences and concrete methods for transforming society, not in the future but now, today.12. instead of writing on how global human rights issues can be alleviated, volunteer at a soup kitchen, a homeless shelter, a free medical clinic. find out how human rights are being violated in your neighborhood.13. participate in a political demonstration or protest. get arrested. 14. invite someone who is a political radical to mentor you. 15. discuss how direct action can change society more than blogging.16. instead of correcting injustice through the proxies of non-profit and advocacy organizations, see if there is anything you can do in person. be a participant, not a donor.17. highlight grassroots organizations. 18. be involved in social justice/human rights efforts. 19. create an effective means to implement social justice.20. discuss how school curricula stifles and suppresses citizen responsibility in students. start independent student-led and student-run organizations. empower students, don't patronize them.21. find out who profits from wars. develop an analysis of imperialism and how it relates to colonialism. apply it to the united states foreign policy over the last century. 22. ask your readers to create a revolution, even a small one. 23. spend less time blogging and reading blogs. spend more time acting, deliberately and radically.24. participate. 25. blogging has limited influence, on you and others. acting transforms you and society deeply. never mistake theory for practice. do it. do it now.labels: blogging, blogs, direct action, lists, political, politics
permalink posted by demiorator @ 12:41 am
   
      

 | 


 
thursday, march 26, 2009
 

random 10 songs: "t.v. scars, glass balls" edition

tonight is eclipsed by memory, moon visions drifting in from the edges. i am hollow and enervated, sustained by letters of little import. these songs provide the soundtrack to my memory palace. see them...jesse malin - scars of loverichard thompson - johnny's far awaysmall faces - donkey rides, penny a glasssavoy brown blues band - cold blooded womanshudder to think - take the childcramps - she's got ballsfilter - columindnils lofgren - rock and roll crookholy bulls - t.v. eyeplacebo - centrefoldsbonus track: bob dylan - desolation rowlabels: music, songs
permalink posted by demiorator @ 11:20 pm
   
      

 | 


 









your browser doesn't support iframes to see the newswire.



the cr faq - an introduction to celtic reconstructionist paganism


click here to e-mail demiorator
what the heck does "demiorator" mean?
demiorator home
syndications
atom feed











 




this work is licensed under a creative commons attribution -noncommercial -noderivs 2.5 license.



recent posts

random 10 songs: petty little brother
random 10 songs: zombie clash
james arthur ray upbeat and full of positive affir...
james arthur ray and deaths by fake "sweat lodge"
celebrating the progressive magazine
25 radical ways to change society
random 10 songs: "t.v. scars, glass balls" edition
historical revisionism of the weather underground
basic economics: necessities
random 10 songs: "godfathers love rattlesnake ashe...

selflove: most favoured posts

dominionism part 1
dominionism part 2
dominionism part 3
will geek for words, part 1
will geek for words, part 2
will geek for words, part 3
will geek for words, part 4
will geek for words, part 5
will geek for words, part 6
will geek for words, part 7
will geek for words, part 8
surprise! americans politically confused

my more languid projects

invisible books
the devil's dictionary addenda
sullen oblations at alien altars (warning: poetry)

blogroll?


blogroll me!

other sites

google news
atrios
lying media bastards
mike signorile
talkingpointsmemo
this modern world

antidotes to mass media

alternet
the center for public integrity
common dreams
democracy now!
factcheck.org
fairness & accuracy in reporting
link tv
media matters for america
news hounds: we watch fox so you don't have to.
the progressive magazine
tompaine.com

archives

july 2004august 2004september 2004october 2004november 2004december 2004january 2005february 2005march 2005april 2005may 2005june 2005july 2005august 2005september 2005october 2005november 2005december 2005january 2006february 2006march 2006april 2006may 2006june 2006july 2006august 2006september 2006october 2006november 2006december 2006january 2007february 2007march 2007may 2007june 2007july 2007august 2007september 2007november 2007february 2008march 2008july 2008august 2008september 2008october 2008november 2008december 2008january 2009february 2009march 2009april 2009october 2009june 2010march 2011



about me

name:  demiorator 
location:  fluxation, united states 
sole proprietor of satire for hire (insults for free), dedicated to finding the proper barb to place in the body politic. a professional dandy (reasonable rates) and raconteur-in-training, demiorator sails the bloggy waves looking for peace. lacking that, he posts rants of disdain and mockery.
view my complete profile


blog search engine



























free counter




 

       -->
		

