


the atlanta rhythm section - home page





 





























they’ve 
                been part of the southern rock scene for over 50 years. their 
                biggest hits include so into you, champagne jam, imaginary lover, homesick, and spooky. but 
                there’s so much more...


with
                15 albums of outstanding songwriting and performances,
                the atlanta rhythm section represents the good things
                the phrase “classic rock” implies. 


so
                read, watch, listen, enjoy - have yourself a “large
                time!”



 

















new from the atlanta rhythm section:
time machine


  
















 















 


booking information:


booking information:

 bruce houghton, president
bruce@skylineonline.com
                                866.531.2172 ext. 108
http://www.skylineonline.com/online/


 
 




 









 a december to remember. 


   the teams are set. we knew georgia would host a bunch of texans but now we know what color y’all will be wearing. it’s sec championship weekend in atlanta again and our friends at live nation have invited us to perform again at buckhead theatre the sunday following the game. yea!! this show sold out the past few years so be sure and get your tickets soon!
 built in 1930, buckhead theatre has been one of atlanta’s preeminent live music venues for decades after serving atlanta primarily as a movie house for half of a century.  mr. charles loudermilk and live nation deserve our appreciation for carrying buckhead theatre forward with the grace and dignity such an amazing place deserves. an intimate venue compared to her big sister down the road, we love playing here and love coming to see shows here. 
 we round out a memorable 2024 at a venue we remember well, penn’s peak in jim thorpe, pennsylvania. this place leaves an impression! penn’s peak is a first rate live music venue but the spectacular and convenient location also make it the perfect place to host your private event. thrilled that we’ve been invited back and thrilled we get to hang out and hear orleans again. those guys sound amazing and really rock it! who knew!!?? 
 check out live nation’s stellar lineup at buckhead theatre..  


 





 california here we come! 


    starting out 2025 playing in a couple cool places with some cool dudes sounds fantastic to us!! this trip to california we actually get to play two shows for our west-coast southern-boogie brothers and sisters! starting off in thousand oaks at fred kavli theatre, we then head north to modesto’s gallo performing arts center. join us firefall and walter egan for the ultimate 70’s rock experience.
 at the turn of the millennium stanislaw county california was in need of a facility worthy of hosting the caliber of entertainment its population deserved. in 1997, modesto mayor dick lang would enlist marie damrell gallo to begin a seven year journey that would eventually bring a world-class venue to the city. did he ever ask the right lady?! huge effort was made. incredible local support and cooperation created this fantastic place. and now, we get to come out there and rock it! fred kavli theatre is located in thousand oaks civic arts plaza. this stunning venue is part of bank of america performing arts center delivering the very best live-performance experiences to visitors since 1994.
 ars has been hanging with firefall since the 70’s. it’s a natural combination. playing a show with a great band always seems to take things up a notch. there’s a lil friendly competition going on all right, but mostly it’s just “the more the merrier”. we have a great time playing just about every show even if it’s just us on the bill and believe it or not after all this time we still enjoy hanging out together. throw in some friends we haven’t seen in a while and then watch them having a blast playing great tunes for an appreciative audience, maybe toss in a beer or two and now we really got a party going! 
 after spending many years traveling with several great bands, we hope firefall’s mark andes enjoys his more stationary existence. since he decided to get off the road, we can’t help feel his absence out there. luckily, jock, sandy and the guys found john to adeptly fill in for mark on stage. not only is john a gifted performer, like mark, he is a very positive and upbeat guy. we are grateful to have walter along on this trip out west. another peaceful spirit, he is sagely capable to fill in some of the wise-mystic void mark leaves behind. check out run run run the mark andes documentary and keep up with this bass playing master. we miss ya mark! come see us sometime!!
 for more info on fred kavli theatre click here...  


 





 doraville honors studio one. 


 you wouldn’t believe it now a days but back in the day, there really was a ‘touch of country’ in the now bustling atlanta suburb of doraville, georgia. and back in the day, hit records were being made right there at studio one. not only were rock bands coming to doraville and creating some of their finest work (can you hum “sweet home alabama” anyone?) but this is also the place the anthem “i love the night life (disco ’round)” was recorded by alicia bridges. artists as diverse as journey and ronnie james dio recorded there.
 of course, every good ars fan knows that, before the studio was sold to georgia state university in the 1986, every single atlanta rhythm section record was recorded at studio one. built in 1970, through a collaborative effort by ars’s manager/producer/songwriter buddy buie, legendary producer/engineer rodney mills, ars guitarist/songwriter j.r. cobb and paul “old man” cochran, studio one was built primarily to feed buddy’s insatiable need for studio time shortly after buddy convinced everyone else that it was a sound business decision. pun completely intended.
 a plaque honoring the musical legacy of studio one and celebrating all the amazing music recorded there will be displayed at the doraville marta station. this location will certainly receive more foot traffic than the original building. the complex that housed studio one still stands. oakcliff industrial park is just north of atlanta and i-285 near the intersection of i-85 and pleasantdale road. the ‘free bird 50th anniversary celebration and plaque dedication’ will be held december 15 from 2-4:00. please consult the city of doraville website to attend. 
 for all things doraville click here....  


 





 springing into 2025!! 


   spring can show up mighty early down here in georgia and even earlier for our two members that live in florida. yeah, they have like a day or two with highs in the low-50’s and call it a winter. kiawah island is a little south of atlanta so we’re hoping for a mild weekend to enjoy an extra early spring day at the beach; unfortunately that atlantic water will definitely be frosty in february. brrrr! we’re being hosted by the town of kiawah island and excited to hang out on the south carolina coast and play at the west beach conference center at kiawah island golf resort.
   march finds us heading to texas and back to a few awesome places to play. it’s humbling to feel so welcomed at an amazing venue like arlington music hall. we’ve played in this historic theatre a number of times and always have a great time. the brauntex theatre in new braunfels, texas is a good example of a great community rallying to save an important part of their community and history. performing in an old theatre and becoming part of the history is a special treat for us. it’s wonderful knowing some of the old movie houses that were so important to everyday life throughout the usa live on becoming once again central gathering places for the communities they support.
   main street crossing in tomball, texas is not the typical venue we play but then again it’s not the typical venue what so ever. built with the vision to carry forward the message and support small church communities by sharing the space for entertainment as well as worship. on the cozy side, we heard several comments from the audience at our last show there how much they enjoyed feeling so close to the band during the performance, even from some of those seated at the back of the room! we look forward to seeing all our houston area friends and family again.
 in april, we return to anderson music hall at georgia mountain fairgrounds in hiawasee, ga, one of our favorite places to play in georgia and our bass player’s favorite venue to catch a spotted bass. we’ll be playing with pure prairie league. tickets and rooms at the lodge will go quickly so don’t dawdle! we get to play the fantastic fox theatre in tucson again, april, 5. joining us will be our long lost buddies, georgia satellites. this one is gonna rock! maybe you ought to bring some ear plugs. should be perfect weather in stuart, florida by may, so come on down to the lyric theatre, may, 23 and see us before it gets too darn hot down there.
 we’ll be adding more spring and summer shows so keep checking our tour dates for a show in your town....  


 





 west lebanon, indiana, sorry we missed you. 


  unfortunately, our show at the ura seegar auditorium, november, 9 was cancelled due to circumstances beyond our control. we were all very disappointed that we couldn’t visit indiana and really hope we can see y’all sometime soon. 


 





"the atlanta rhythm section : the authorized history" - is now available! 














seasoned, southern author, willie g. moseley, has written an in-depth book about the atlanta rhythm section. years of research and extensive interviews are infused into the first and only authorized history of the band. a native and current resident of alabama, mr. moseley effortlessly weaves the story of a band whose roots are so close to his own. 
atlanta rhythm section’s background is a history lesson of the music scene in the south during the 60’s. mr. moseley details how buddy buie assembled a core group of incredibly talented southern musicians and developed the creative environment that enabled the ensemble to flourish and truly craft some amazing work. buddy made real his dream of forming a super group to use as a vehicle for his songwriting skills, musical vision and business acumen.  mr. buie’s efforts played out like an expertly conducted symphony and crescendo when atlanta rhythm section’s mainstream success peaked in the late 70’s. 
what goes up..., well, you can read the rest of that story too. mr. moseley’s book delves into the struggles that follow the band’s top 40 success. he trails the band’s twists and turns throughout the new millennium up to the present day. published by schiffer publishing and available through many online retailers, “the atlanta rhythm section : the authorized history” is mr. moseley’s thirteenth book. a senior writer of vintage guitar magazine, he is news editor emeritus for the tallassee tribune. 
 look for  "the atlanta rhythm section : the authorized history"  at your favorite retailer. 



 



a.r.s. releases 2-disc cd: "one from the vaults"


 








  


often described as a more radio-friendly version of lynyrd skynyrd or the allman brothers, the atlanta rhythm section was one of many southern rock bands to hit the upper reaches of the charts during the late `70s. hailing from the small town of doraville, georgia, the beginning of the atlanta rhythm section can be traced back to 1970. it was then that a local recording studio was opened, studio one, and the remnants of two groups (the candymen and the classics four), became the studio's house band. one of the facility's head figures, buddy buie, soon began assembling the session band. after playing on several artists' recordings, it was decided to take the band a step further and make the group of players a real band, leading to the formation of the atlanta rhythm section. this collection contains 10 tracks previously unavailable on compact disc. 
liner note author: bill dahl.
recording information: atlanta, ga (1977); chandler, nc (1977); cleveland, oh (1977); london, england (1977); nyc, ny (1977); pittsburgh, pa (1977); tokyo, japan (1977); atlanta, ga (1978); chandler, nc (1978); cleveland, oh (1978); london, england (1978); nyc, ny (1978); pittsburgh, pa (1978); tokyo, japan (1978); atlanta, ga (1981); chandler, nc (1981); cleveland, oh (1981); london, england (1981); nyc, ny (1981); pittsburgh, pa (1981); tokyo, japan (1981).
personnel: rodney justo, andy anderson , ronnie hammond (vocals); dave anderson (guitars, background vocals); steve stone (guitars); j.r. cobb, barry bailey (acoustic guitar, electric guitar); dean daughtry (piano, organ); robert nix (drums, percussion); roy yeager, r.j. vealey, jim keeling (drums) paul 'theman' goddard (bass).
audio mixer: rodney mills.







ars releases time machine



 








  


2 cds / 32 tracks , 7 previously released studio tracks, 6 previously released live tracks. authorized by the atlanta rhythm section! 
 disc one, features album deep cuts and previously unreleased studio recordings. disc two features live performances of their greatest hits over the decades. 1. georgia pines (the candymen) 2. lonely eyes (the candymen) 3. stormy (noah’s ark) 4. love me just a little (sometime) 5. will i live on? 6. alien (acoustic) 7. stone cold hit (previously unreleased) 8. high time (previously unreleased) 9. longing for a feeling (previously unreleased) 10. sleep with one eye opened (justo vocal) 11. what’s up wid dat? (previously unreleased) 12. you ain’t seen nothing 13. i don’ want to grow old alone (hammond vocal) 14. voodoo (acoustic) 15. long distance love (previously unreleased) 16. conversation (hammond & justo vocal) 17. when (previously unreleased) 18. two note boogie (previously unreleased) 19. back up against the wall (atlanta '78) 20. sky high (pittsburgh '77) 21. homesick (nyc ’81) 22. champagne jam (tokyo ’78) 23. jukin’ (munich ’83) 24. large time (munich ’83) 25. angel (pittsburgh ’77) 26. i’m not gonna let it bother me tonight (tokyo ’78) 27. jam (atlanta ‘ 78) 28. spooky (tokyo ’78) 29. boogie smoogie (cleveland ’78) 30. mixed emotions (atlanta ’96) 31. imaginary lover (nyc ’96) 32. so in to you (london ’78)





 













 




 
booking information:

 bruce houghton, president
bruce@skylineonline.com
          866.531.2172 ext. 108
http://www.skylineonline.com/online/


 
 
 











website produced by: rolling storm media group




        © copyright 2002-2023 - rolling storm media group - all rights reserved





