









order management and inventory management solutions from stone edge





























































 










skip to content














 homeorder managerorder processinginventory managementcustomer managementpacking & shippingsoftware integrationsreportingpoint of salepricingschedule a demoservicessupporttechnical support portalmaintenance plansonline documentationresourcesuser forumcompanycontact usabout usemployment opportunities


search for:








 











loading...







flexible, scalable, order management software for online retailers 
















homejohn frazar2021-09-16t22:14:59+00:00 


order management software to help your business thrive.




stone edge is built for small to mid-sized online retailers who are growing.  the features are abundant, flexible with countless configurations, and able to be easily customized.   it’s priced for the retailer that needs big-company functionality but has the budget of a not-so-big company.




packed with features.
to just call it an order management system is an understatement.








order processing
order processing tools that enable your customer service representatives, streamline your back-office business processes.
learn more



inventory management
manage your product catalog, purchasing, suppliers, and synchronize with your sales channels.
learn more



shipping
multiple tools for picking, packing, and shipping to streamline fulfillment, eliminate packing errors and reduce labor costs.
learn more







point of sale
a pos system for your retail store that integrates sales, customer service, and inventory management seamlessly with your web stores.
learn more



customer management
improve your support & customer relations with tools that enable fast customer service response times.
learn more



reporting
an abundance of reports to display key metrics and mission-critical data and business insights.
learn more







integrations
stone edge is one piece of a complex network of software solutions needed to run a modern e-commerce business.  we work with the most popular solutions.
learn more



customizations
stone edge is open-source!  you can customize it to fit your exact requirements or hire us to do it for you.
learn more



direct support
when you get stuck, we’re here to help.  our support team is knowledgeable with a fast response and resolution time.
learn more











view additional features



the right partners with the right solutions




stone edge is aligned with the top e-commerce solution providers.  we’ve integrated with the solutions that are in the highest demand, and our technology partners are fully vetted.  whether you need shopping cart and marketplaces, payment processing, shipping solutions, or technology and business consultants… we have you covered.




schedule a demo now!



take back control of your data. yeah, you can do that.




with stone edge, you own your data and you control your data.  no software company should hold you hostage if you choose to stop using their software or prevent you from accessing your data for external use.  stone edge puts you in control!








real support. real people.




we know what it’s like to need support. our philosophy is to treat you as we would like to be treated. with a hands on support center, online documentaiton and hd video tutorials, it’s no wonder that some of our best reviews are about our amazing support.
support system
experienced, live support technicians provide direct support via phone and email.
extensive documentation
comprehensive online documentation covers every little nook & cranny of the software.
robust community
get involved in an active community of stone edge users, consultants, and partners.








join the thousands of online retailers who have already chosen stone edge.




stone edge has been a top selling order management solution for nearly 20 years.  thousands of online retailers have trusted their retail business to the stone edge order manager.  powerful tools, flexible configurations, open source code, countless pre-built integrations, and a broad install base are the reasons our retailers have fallen in love.





schedule a demo now!





 
 





contact info

660 american avenue, suite 204king of prussia, pa  19406
phone: 484-927-4804
email: sales@stoneedge.com
web: 
											https://www.stoneedge.com									

 

get social








 

schedule a demo
order manager
company
privacy policy
 

join our mailing list:
first name



last name



email address: 




leave this field empty if you're human:  

 
 
 





		copyright 2025 stone edge technologies, inc. | all rights reserved	



 
 
 
 


 
 





 









































































