







camphill soltane








































































































sign in
my account




















              home
            

about


              enterprises
            

              classes
            

              therapy
            

              hospitality
            



            donate
          

        shop
      





back


            leadership & boards
          

            above par golf
          

            wine & fine dining 
          

            community events
          

            contact
          






































sign in
my account















































home
about

leadership & boards
above par golf
wine & fine dining 
community events
contact

enterprisesclassestherapyhospitality











donateshop









scroll






   

find your joy!

  







 

welcome to camphill soltane



an inclusive community for all



we are a welcoming place, tucked in the peaceful woods of glenmoore, pennsylvania, for all people, no matter their differences, to build creative skills, explore personal interests, and live a more inspired and fulfilling life. our non-profit is a proud member of the global camphill movement. through creative courses, vocational training, seasonal events, mental health therapy, and meaningful employment opportunities, we curate a community space where people with and without intellectual differences may, together, find inclusion, belonging, and true joy. 


























































read our real-life stories of how camphill soltane is changing lives & leaving a positive impact!




    testimonials
  

 

find your joy at camphill soltane

  











 











 









 









 

create!unlock your creativity and build new skills with an inclusive class that inspires you!




    courses
  

 

grow!learn more about working or volunteering in our our cafe, gardens, greenhouse, and orchards!




    enterprises
  

 

stay!host a conference, retreat, or event & experience our beautifully appointed accommodations & campus!




    hospitality
  

 

heal!start your journey to a healthier mind & body with our natural holistic approach to behavioral health!




    therapy
  

 

 our valueswe know...that every person has something unique and valuable to contribute to society!we believe...that we can create a world that is more just, more equitable, and more beautiful for all people regardless of their abilities or disabilities!we learn...from each other's experiences, perspectives, and contributions while we grow in empathy, understanding, and compassion!

 

 our impact35+years serving people with intellectual differencesfounded in 1988, we have been dedicated to our mission for 37 years. we serve individuals by helping adults with intellectual differences curate a vibrant purpose driven life after high school. 

  

88individuals with intellectual differences engaged in our community initiativeswe currently provide services through paid employment, vocational training, creative courses, volunteering, social events, & mental health therapy to more than 88 people with intellectual differences.

   

3inclusive social enterprises & 1 llc!we own and operate three social enterprises designed to offer fully integrated vocational opportunities through soltane arts, soltane horticulture, & soltane cafe! we also provide clinical mental health therapy through soltane therapeutic services llc that wraps around all of the resources we provide on our campus.













home



our enterprises



our why



our impact



get involved






































224 nantmeal roadglenmoore, pa 19343610.469.0933info@camphillsoltane.orgnonprofit id: 22-2856588camphill soltane is a 501c3 nonprofit organization.



infomissionresources   annual report



actioncontactdonatework with us





subscribe to our monthly enews!




email address






sign up






thank you!







camphill soltane
224 nantmeal road,
glenmoore, pa, 19343,
united states
cateclother@camphillsoltane.org


hours
tue 7:30am - 2pm
wed 7:30am - 2pm
thu 7:30am - 2pm
fri 7:30am - 2pm
sat 7:30am - 2pm
sun 7:30am - 2pm












