









homepage - apple tree realty group






















































skip to content






























 
homesearch map advanced search basic search listing id addressbuyerssellerscontact











 







 
















  
city, postal code, address, or listing id
search
price maxbedsbaths

































featured communities



















lake wales 














babson park 














acreage 

















winter haven 














lake ashton 

















frostproof 














waterfront 

































featured listings








































client testimonials


















jody is the best realtor i have ever personally dealt with. she is very knowledgeable about the home search and purchase process and if there is something she doesn't know she will get you an answer just as fast as she can get it. she has an amazing personality and willing to help with anything you're uncertain about. we sold the first home we owned through her and she made sure to go over every detail with us to get our house sold in a timely manor.
we then used her to purchase our second home and she was amazing at helping us find our new home and with getting our closing done as quickly and easily as possible. i would absolutely recommend jody to anyone looking for a realtor!
-nicole r.









jody went above and beyond to help us buy our lakehouse. she provided names of local
contractors, was incredibly responsive to all inquiries and was with us through the entire
process through closing. i give her our highest recommendation as an agent.
-lita s.









jody showed us several properties. once we identified the property we wanted, she
accompanied us on several visits to answer our questions. she was very involved ensuring
we closed the sale on time. i highly recommend jody.
-joe b.









jody was the best realtor i could have hoped for. she went above and beyond. she
anticipated needs and met them all with a smile on her face and expert advice. she was an
absolute pleasure to work with and made the selling of our home and the purchasing of
our new home seamless.
-kate









jody is an excellent source of information, was patient with us during all of our questions as
first time buyers, and was very professional. she was courteous and knowledgeable, and
overall we had a wonderful experience.
-austin w.









jody was amazing and very patient with me. she new my circumstances and new what to
look for. she was very honest with me about the houses and what she thought. she worked
above and beyond to help me. wonderful and amazing!
-heather d.


























 





























jody kirchberg













lake wales florida, 33898 














863-605-7088 














jody@appletreerealtygroup.com 













about us






i am a passionate real estate agent dedicated to helping my clients find their dream home. with years of experience in the industry, i have developed a deep understanding of the local market and can provide valuable insights and guidance to my clients throughout the buying or selling process.




























© 2025 apple tree realty group. all rights reserved.









 






















