



buy me diamonds























    
	buy me diamonds
	
  
"oh, when i flung my heart away,
the year was at its fall.
i saw my dear, the other day,
beside a flowering wall;
and this was all i had to say:
'i thought that he was tall!'" - dorothy parker



thursday, november 04, 2004



	 because buymediamonds.com was taken
    


      i am now a dot com. how very exciting! (well, to me anyway). check it out. www.prettycrabby.com 




 | 


wednesday, november 03, 2004



	 feeling 
    


      annoyed: because i unknowingly put on the pants which will not be tamed this morning. otherwise known as the pants with the broken zipper. i keep feeling a draft down there. tired: staying up until 1:30 on a school night only to be horribly disappointed will do that to a girl. zzzzzz. hey? hi! reluctant: my starbucks coffee sleeve informs me that "it's time for mistletoe kisses". it is? i'm not ready. confused: i just got a phone call from the director of my office's catering services that i won a mountain bike. whaaa? apparently someone put my name in (with a different address and no phone number) and since i am the only emily _______ in the company, i get the bike. weird. as i told him, "well, i like presents. i feel i should get them all the time and win all kinds of prizes!" he humored me by laughing. he probably thought i was kidding. poofy: stupid curly flippy-ass hair which will not be contained! grumpy: the global crackerhead just told me the democrats & republicans should get together because really our values and morals aren't different at all. oh, did he hear that they legalized gay marriage? because i didn't. finally i said "i can't talk about this!" and ran away. idiot. ready: to go here and spend too much money. nothing like retail therapy to cheer yourself up. industrious: i think all the blue states should separate and form our own country. think of all the fabulous gay weddings we'll have! who's with me?  




 | 





	 america is scary
    


      feh. i'm so depressed. luckily, i never really expected anything different, but that doesn't make it hurt any less. as jon stewart (the only bright spot of last night was the daily show) said "it's like a dream i have, where i wake up crying". see you in four years, when i crawl out from under my bed.




 | 


tuesday, november 02, 2004



	 one more for change
    


      i feel sick with worry and anticipation, my stomach hurts and i just looked at cnn.com and almost threw up. i am excited and freaked out. i wish i understood people who want to vote for bush, who think he is the safer, smarter, better choice, but i don't. but i don't have to because voting for your choice and your choice to be heard. i know that kerry will win massachusetts with or without my vote but i want my number to be there and to show one more person who is not happy with george w. bush. it's all i can do, and so i happily do it. i'm looking forward to sprinting out of here soon and going to check another box for john kerry. i'm anxious for what will greet us all tomorrow. i'm giddy at the chance for a change. onward!




 | 





	 elroy says
    


      is this what they mean by ballot box??  don't forget to vote! or i will come and bite you. i bite you in the face! oh, no, come back. i loooove you. i'm sorry. please vote. thank you.




 | 


monday, november 01, 2004



	 did you hear about the red sox? 
    


      one last halloween(or "halloweenie", as annie likes to say) photo. pumpkin carving by my talented friend john (with way more patience than me).   i know, you probably hadn't heard that the red sox won the world series. it's all very hush-hush. almost time to away for the day. it's 4 pm, time for bed! tomorrow, my greatest joy or greatest living nightmare comes true. my uterus and i are very worried.




 | 





	 what i dislike
    


      i know. you were anxiously awaiting my dislikes. here you go. cottage cheese; pricetags (i must always unstick them from anything i buy. it's my own personal ocd); turtlenecks, dickies, and ascots; people who act superior because they don't have a tv; clocks that are wrong; hearing the same stories over again; people yelling or screaming or generally sucking; john tesh; willem dafoe; the word "gristle"; people who worship their children (like this woman i saw on the train recently who would not stop kissing her son and telling him she loved him and "you are such a good boy!" for over 8 stops she did this! gah. shut up!); falling back (as an aside i should point out that yesterday carl's clock was wrong (!) and he told me it was 4:30. i said "4:30?!? it's completely dark! i'm going to kill myself!" but then, happily (?) we realized it was 5:15. which is still not great, but pitch black at 4:30 would have been too much. anyway.); socks; olives; licorice; broken underwire in bras (does this happen to anyone else?); this one date i went on once where the guy wore white jeans; white jeans; oblivious-ness; rudeness (how very playboy of me. "turnoffs include: rudeness and people who are fake..."); the smell of gasoline; leg cramps; grapefruit juice; getting up early; those posters people hang up in offices (the ones which have an "inspirational" picture and a giant word like partnership); dick cheney (he's a scary monster man!); people who don't understand secretary; animals wearing clothes; that time i got bus sick in italy; and, lastly, having to explain that frank black is "that guy from the pixies".




 | 





	 obligatory halloween cuteness
    


      for your enjoyment, annie and lucie - both with face paint by yours truly.  annie had a spiderman costume but in the end she went with being robin, helper guy to batman.  lucie is the saddest skeleton in the world!  strangely enough, she cheered up immensely when she began to receive candy. (she also appears to be wearing a goatee and very large glasses. the makeup was much spookier in real life.)




 | 


friday, october 29, 2004



	 elroy says
    


  oh. it's halloween again? i guess i could wear a costume. i could put a bow on my face. it's kind of festive. happy halloween from bow-face! i'm bow-face cat man! hey. hi? do you like it? oh, crap. it's stuck! hey?! come back! (happy halloween!)




 | 





	 what i like
    


      i love the part of high fidelity (the movie. not the also great book. although it may have been part of the book too, i did read it, i just don't remember b/c i haven't seen it four times like i have the movie) where john cusack says it isn't what you are like that matters but what you actually like. so, here are my likes. judge for yourself! (soon to follow, my dislikes). sephora; vente non-fat lattes; margaritas; things "on the rocks"; tostitos with lime; boys who play drums; kids with uk accents; geekiness; freckles; red shoes (which is a bone of contention with pinky b/c she hates them. i think she had her feet bound in her last life or something); my digital camera; starfish, high tide, rocks; street fairs; swedish fish (many of my things are junk food. how come?); extra sharp cheddar cheese (my last food thing, i swear); the sound of crunching snow; baby elephants (cutest thing ever. ohmigod, the cuteness!); this rearview mirror thing i have on my monitor so i don't always have to crane my head around to see who's stalking me; the first sign of leaves on the trees, that lovely limey color; walking home late at night in january when it is super dark, cold, and quiet; magic hat fortunes; this drink mix called emer'gen-c that i first drank when i lived in california; riding over the charles on the train every morning; and lately, the mama's and the papa's. things i have an inexplicable burning love for:the smell of dryer sheets and clean laundry in general; clouds; thunder and lightning; lip gloss; my leather bag with the tortoise shell handles; elroy's pink nose; james spader; vodka and cranberry; my $5 dress i got at portebello market; the dark end of the street; my rock collection; and boots the chemist.




 | 





	 funny cuz it's mean
    


      currently cracking up at": this. it contains the immortal words: "poor monica; who knew getting fucked with a cigar by the president would make you so untouchable? back to making purses, spinster!" hee. i feel so dirty.




 | 





	 the friday five
    


1) of everything in your wardrobe what do you feel the most comfortable wearing? why? what do i literally feel the most comfortable in? or what do i like the best? i guess i feel most comfortable in pajamas, but i am guessing that is not what the question means. i feel most myself in jeans. lately my weekend uniform is bootcut dark jeans, my black belt, this turquoise sweater i recently bought, and my black uggs. i don't care if they are "over" i still think they are cute. shut up. 2) how would you describe your style? god. i don't know. i think i am pretty much on the casual end of the scale. my day to day work uniform is pants (gray or black) and some random/boring shirt. often it is black. i often layer things too. today i have on gray pants, a black shirt, ballet flats from rocket dog and a green sweater i got at target. that is pretty typical. when i go out at night (however rare that is. seriously, i am actually 85 years old. don't tell anyone) i usually wear jeans, cute shoes and a fancy black shirt of some kind. i will also wear some sort of jewelry. i know, i'm so exciting! contain yourself! 3) how many pairs of shoes do you own and do you wear them all? i counted like two years ago and i had about 35 pairs of shoes. since then i have gotten new pairs and gotten rid of old, so i would say that is my average. i do wear them all but they are seasonal (flip-flops vs. uggs, etc) so i don't wear them all all the time. i would obviously need more feet for that. 4) where do you buy most of your clothes? i buy a lot of stuff at the gap, their pants fit me well usually. they have pants for shorties. i also like the clothes target has. see, low end and casual, that's me! h&m has cute shirts sometimes although they aren't all that well made in my experience. 5) what was the last piece of clothing you bought? i got a black shirt on sale on the gap. it has a white line on the collar. which makes it slightly different from the approximately 85 other black shirts i have. i once counted (do i have ocd? what is up with the counting?) and had 23 long sleeved black shirts hanging in my closet. i would imagine it is more than that now. i clearly have a problem. 




 | 





	 typical 
    


 




 | 


thursday, october 28, 2004



	 wondering 
    


      what happened to my camera phone? suddenly, the photos are twice as big as they were earlier in the week. i didn't do anything differently, but now they are big and bad and i am confused. did my phone just decide it likes me better or something?




 | 





	 things i love # 4 
    


      big ass sunglasses. currently my heart belongs to these:  (wow! it's sunny today! thank god i have my big ass sunglasses! and what is going on with my hair? i look like anthony kiedis with his new sonny bono bob! pretty! and i am holding my bag on my shoulder like that girl! i am marlo thomas/sonny bono-kiedis in disguise! also, i am slightly concerned about the fact that i seem to have no lips, or a fourth of my regular lips. where did they go? they took a lot of my nose with them.) i got these sunglasses along with another identical (although tortoise shell pair, for mixing things up) gargantuan pair two years ago. but with time, and my undying love, they are now kind scratched and generally beat up and i am a sad pony. i love my huge glasses! they disguise my giant face! the better to eat you with! miss fussy has some awesome glasses. i covet them. i wrote her a rabid fan letter demanding to know where she got them ("i must have them for my very own!") and she was nice enough to write me back but i can't seem to find those anywhere on-line. i may have to take this battle to the streets. it's scary out there. i will have to protect my eyes. with giant scratched glasses! it's horrible! my glasses are all scratched and i can't see! what's next? eating ramen noodles by the heat of the gas stove? walking up hill in the snow, without shoes? living in a van down by the river? the battle rages on. i need help! warriors on my quest for the holy glasses. if anyone knows where i can find giant glasses please email me. i plan to be very corey heart about it. i'll wear them at night. so i can, so i can, watch you live and breath your storylines. (um, what does that even mean?)




 | 





	 because you're worth it
    


      a pic i just took out my boss' window. pretty leaves! pretty day!   also, someone just found me by searching for "buy diamonds for myself". awesome! you buy diamonds for yourself! you deserve them!  




 | 





	 and the city says yippie! 
    


      so, i am not really a fan of baseball, fare weather or otherwise, but if you live in boston, then you feel it. you know what it means. today i am happy for all the people who have rabidly waited for this for years and years and even entire lifetimes, only to see it not come through, and have their hearts broken again and again. i am so happy for my mommy to have seen them won (not to mention beating those damn yankees) and for people who just kept on believing. i feel for them. seeing them so happy makes me happy and while i don't personally take much stock in sports or that whole world, i know it can rally people and bring them together and that is lovely. i know how much people wanted it and so for them, i am thrilled.       




 | 


wednesday, october 27, 2004




      i'm very hyper today and i feel weird. not sure what to write other than ahhhh! and wheee! and that doesn't make much of an entry. i watched the great pumpkin, charlie brown last night. i love charlie brown! my personal favorite part is when sally realizes that she has been in the pumpkin patch all night and has missed trick or treating and she yells "i want candy apples and gum!" she is a true "buy me diamonds!" type of girl and i am so down with that. she wants what she wants when she wants it. word. thanks to miss apl aka jen for sending me honeycomb, the new frank black cd which will not be released for months. he sings dark end of the street and i cry and cry. i heart that song. oh, i heart it a lot! someone here keeps groaning loudly in pain and it is very weird. shhh. also, this is a drug company - take some drugs! shush! i am going to go to the garment district and look for a blue bob wig. i have always wanted one. i think they are kind of pretty. in a david lynch/blue velvet kind of way. anyway, off i go. woo! (what a pointless post!) i want candy apples and gum!  




 | 







about me

name:  emily 

view my complete profile



shout out
email me
other junk by me
boston metroblog
my fotolog
my wish list
hotties
hashai
fussy
dooce
que sera sera
fug blog
miss doxie
fresh hell
pamie
tomato nation
hate your daddy
homies
mug's fotolog
pinky
mr. pinky
jen's art
ned's band
suzanne's band
heather's foodie site
carl's photos
babaloo
listen

frank black
jen trynin
aimee mann
ben lee
morrissey
elvis costello
read


pam houston
fun
fametracker
tv w/out pity
edward monkton
making fiends
the magic 8 ball
paper napkin
pop bytes
gawker
engrish
found magazine
horoscopes #1
horoscopes #2
pretty
soleberry paper
paperchase
sephora
berryland 
powerful
naral
national org for women
amfar>
peta

archives

07/25/2004 - 08/01/2004
08/01/2004 - 08/08/2004
08/15/2004 - 08/22/2004
08/22/2004 - 08/29/2004
08/29/2004 - 09/05/2004
09/05/2004 - 09/12/2004
09/12/2004 - 09/19/2004
09/19/2004 - 09/26/2004
09/26/2004 - 10/03/2004
10/03/2004 - 10/10/2004
10/10/2004 - 10/17/2004
10/17/2004 - 10/24/2004
10/24/2004 - 10/31/2004
10/31/2004 - 11/07/2004































 






