





5th battalion – the royal australian regiment association – just another wordpress site























































		skip to content


































 
homehistory complete history of the 5th battalions history of the 5 rar mascot 5rar historical archivevietnamiraqafghanistantimor lestegalleries afghanistan gallery iraq gallery timor-leste gallery vietnam gallerymembers & acknowledgements roll of honour patrons co’s & rsm’s life members honours and awardsmore membership application form notice board poetry memorabilia health & welfare








 





 



 
















5th battalion






the







 royal australian regiment association inc.


veterans of the 5th battalion, the royal australian regiment have stood tall, defending our values and freedoms and choosing to serve a cause greater than themselves. their sacrifices have shaped our history and will continue to inspire future generations. in times of conflict and peace alike, veterans of 5 rar have demonstrated what it means to be australian - unity in adversity, and an unwavering commitment to justice and fairness and imbued with the 'anzac' spirit. their stories are woven into the fabric of our nation, a testament to their professional dedication. this website is dedicated to the officers and men of the 5th battalion, the royal australian regiment and in reverent memory of our mates who made the supreme sacrifice.  








"combat soldiers are an exclusive set, and if they want to be that way, it is their privilege."-- william h. mauldin, up front (1945) 


















5 rar roll of honour *






we honour those soldiers of 5rar who made the supreme sacrifice ... lest we forget












view roll of honour



















announcements & updates






the major upgrade and redesign of the 5 rar association's website would have been very difficult without the support of the department of veterans' affairs "saluting their service commemorative grants program" and the financial support from the 5 rar association.






the redesign of the website has been a huge undertaking with, in excess of 2,000 pages and 20 years in development. some sections of the upgrade are still a 'work in progress' and there are links that are not yet live; these will come online over time.
i thank the many members who saw the need to carry our history forward and who "walked over dead ground and relived it again."
and finally, it is a fitting tribute to the veterans of the 5 rar association who wrote articles and poetry of their personal experiences at war that the website has been selected for preservation by the australian war memorial and has been archived by the national library of australia as a site of historical importance as part of the pandora project.
links that are 'live' will now have a small asterisk placed beside the page title  *  so you will recognise the website pages that have been recreated and linked...
i thank you for your patience.
 







2025 reunion update at 12:00 hours on monday 17 february 2025 we will have to submit the numbers who are attending, and pay for the functions to be held at twin towns services club, for our 60th anniversary reunion of the 5th battalion, the royal australian regiment. this means that we will be unable to refund any bookings which are cancelled after this time, as the money for those functions will have  already been paid to twin towns services club.








the timor leste/iraq veterans who have tried to contact me with assistance with image descriptions in their respective galleries, i apologise. the email address was found to be unreliable. the new email address will work.








members who have served with 5rar, 5/7rar, or a link with 5rar association and who are desirous of joining the association, the membership application form can be found in the 'more' section in the drop-down menu above.




















patrons *























brigadier colin khan dso am (retd) 






















major general justin ('jake') ellwood dsc am csc 


































fifth battalion the royal australian regiment *




















commanding officer
ltcol. hugh grogan.









training australia 







cos reportdecember 2024 








bravo company reportdecember 2024








charlie company reportdecember 2024








delta company reportdecember 2024








logistics company reportno report








support company reportdecember 2024







5rar museum 







some of the displays in the museum










adjutant's cup 







2016 inaugural adjutant's cup awarded to lt. tavis harling







warr/ khan trophy 







2023 warr/ khan trophy awarded to corporal josh nash.







robertson barracks 







commanding officer's crystal tiger







the warr room 







images of the warr room. named in honour of the first co to command the battalion in the vietnam war, lt col john arnold warr


















members *











the cos 







ltcol. hugh grogan








ltcol. chris gilmore








ltcol. matthew dirago








ltcol. travis gordon csm








ltcol. paul shields mbe








ltcol. richard barrett








ltcol. andrew forbes








ltcol. darren huxley dsc








ltcol. jake ellwood dsc








ltcol. kevin e. newman ao








ltcol. john a. hooper cbe








ltcol. graham o. thompson








ltcol. colin khan dso am








ltcol. john a. warr dso








ltcol. peter h. g. oxley obe










the rsms 







wo1 jb. mcmahon








wo1 b. foster oam csm








wo1 s. casey








wo1 r. munro








wo1 s. ransome








wo1 r. rootham








wo1 d. de kock








wo1 c. howe oam








wo1 g. burns








wo1 j. mcfadzean








wo1 r. c. wormald








wo2 r. g. armitage bem








wo1 c. r. vagg








wo2 r. r. burns








wo1 l.t. foale








wo1 f. j. glynn-armstrong










life memberships 
















2020-brig colin khan dso am (retd)








2018-gary townsend








2017-col roger wainwright oam (retd)








2015-alan mcnulty dcm








2015-bruce schmidtchen








2013-ted harrison








2011-ron hamlyn








2010-brian budden








2010-geoff pearson








criteria for life membership








































honours & awards *
























middle east 






















republic of south vietnam 


















on active service






work in progress





















learn more


 



						vietnam		




















learn more


 



						afghanistan		




















learn more


 



						iraq		

















learn more


 



						timor leste		



















watch video











battle of binh ba *


prelude- situated north of the 1st australian task force base at nui dat on the western side of route 2, the village of binh ba had a population of around three thousand people – mainly farmers and rubber plantation workers. tidy and rectangular in shape, and mainly constructed of solid brick and tile, binh ba was well known to the australians. indeed during 5 rar's first tour in vietnam a rifle company and a mortar section had been briefly stationed within the village itself.  







find out more 



















stories from 5 rar veterans on active service *








click here 


























gallery











vietnam image gallery







view gallery










afghanistan image gallery







view gallery












iraq image gallery







view gallery










timor leste image gallery







view gallery



















poetry *








verse from our members








ode of rememberance





















health & welfare























open arms






















dva homefront






















dva remedial exercise program
























strongyloides






















australian defence force assistant trust



















sub unit reunions













5rar association 60th anniversary reunion











c company 2nd tour reunion



















history








read more





















command & control *






the guestbook has been reinstated so please take the time to sign as we are always interested in your comments. you can also post or view messages in the message forum.























sign guestbook






















view guestbook






















message forum






















meet us on facebook















 



























quick links








copyright notice
legal notice
history
newsletters












about us






5th battalion, the royal australian regiment (5rar) was raised at holsworthy barracks in sydney on the 1st of march 1965. it comprised echo company 1 rar and a surplus of 1rar soldiers.
the battalion served two tours in the republic of south vietnam and elements of 5 rar have seen service in rcb malaysia, rwanda, east timor, timor leste, solomons, iraq and afghanistan. the battalion is currently located at robertson barracks darwin.
on the 3rd of december 2024, 5rar and 7rar where relinked in a relinking ceremony and was designated the 5/7th battalion the royal australian regiment.


















the 5rar association website has been selected for preservation by the australian war memorial




















the 5rar association website is archived by the national library of australia as a site of historical importance as part of the 'pandora project'.

















© 2023 5rar. all rights reserved.









 

scroll to top





































































