



 :: main
















 





you must turn javascript on to use all of nova's features!



























mainpersonnelsimwikisearchdiscord 




log in






main console
mainnewscreditsjoinrulessearch 


uss potemkin ncc-76927-c

star trek simming at its finest
the uss potemkin is a weekly star trek simulation set in the late twenty-fourth century, currently in the early 25th century. the ship is an akira class vessel, a powerful yet graceful class of starship seen in the movie star trek: first contact, as well as in episodes of deep space nine, voyager, lower decks, picard, and prodigy. sims are held on discord and usually run between an hour and a half and two hours. anyone is welcome to join in and take part in making star trek become reality!

the potemkin takes on a variety of diverse and unique missions in the alpha and beta quadrants of the galaxy. the crew is close-knit, and new members quickly become part of the family. the potemkin strives to be the best simulation on the internet. we invite you to learn more and see for yourself just what the potemkin has to offer!

potemkin history

the potemkin has been simming continuously for the last 29 years. from its founding in 1994, it has seen five captains, dozens of crewmembers, and hundreds of missions. the akira-class potemkin-c is the sim's third and longest-lived ship, launched in 1997 by captain sierra.

important links
deck layout
ship specs


latest news items
latest mission posts
latest personal logs


latest news items
» updates to website

						posted on sun jun 12th, 2022 @ 12:36pm						by commander jayla rollands						in general news
morning/afternoon/evening all! (as i don't know when you'll be reading this)

just as a heads up: the personnel page of the website has had a few tweaks.  with all of the new people coming in, we are wanting to make sure that the filled positions are current.  if you have character adjusting to do, feel free.  i think i've got all updated that i can with what i have.  

if you need help resetting passwords, let command know (it can go in the #general-chit-chat in discord) and we will get to it as soon as we can.  

~rollo
» sit update completed

						posted on sat jul 10th, 2021 @ 1:55am						by commander jayla rollands						in website update
alrighty, the website has been updated.  please make sure to update your passwords as soon as possible!  if you need a force password reset, lemme know.  i'll be gone all week but can try to get to them if i see messages!

~rollo/kris
» site down temporarily/password update

						posted on fri jul 9th, 2021 @ 11:42am						by commander jayla rollands						in website update
hey all: 

due to a security patch, the website will be down later this afternoon (or possibly my lunch not sure, likely the 2nd one due to file download times).  

once that is done, i'll post on the discord as a reminder: but passwords will need to be updated.  not until the update is completed though!

thanks in advance.

rollo/kris
» updates and such

						posted on sat feb 20th, 2021 @ 2:30pm						by commander jayla rollands						in sim announcement
this is partly to test the new discord bot but...



the website has been updated to:

~show rigo's new rank and title.
~welcome back garaht.

we are aware that hotmail/outlook is bouncing anything coming from the website, which is partly why the bot was added to bring in all posts from the site.  it syncs (i believe) hourly.  

the site should still be pushing things to the mailstring, but that doesn't mean everyone will get everything.



plus a note about the site (i might have put this up before but...)

~if you work on a joint post, unless both people 'save' it on the website before it is posted, it will only show the person who posted it as being part of the post.  

that means that if it is worked on externally (google docs/messengers) and one person copy/pastes it and posts it, only their name will show on the authors.  



i think that's it!  

~rollo
» former awards 

						posted on sun jun 28th, 2020 @ 2:05pm						by commander jayla rollands						in website update
hello everyone!

first announcement of the new site.

there were awards given to warp, arnet, prax, and bom years ago.  well, the awards still exist!

while warp's is assigned to him, due to the other three only being listed but not assigned to a 'player', i can't assign the awards to them.

however, they can be viewed here.  i am aware the full images don't fit into the skin, but can't re-size the images easily with how they were made.

-rollo


latest mission posts
» it comes crashing down

mission: personal logs
						posted on sun nov 17th, 2024 @ 1:40pm						by commander jayla rollands
it’d been a long..however long it had been..since jayla had seen any of the crew, any of her family. the only information she’d been receiving was from tj, and that was short bursts on a weekly basis, if they could talk. she knew it would take time to get caught…
» whispered words

mission: sim logs
						posted on wed oct 16th, 2024 @ 1:35am						by commander tamarra james & commander jayla rollands
a joint log between tamarra james, and jayla rollands. thanks jayla! 


tj sat at her desk, and checked the time. she pulled out a small grey box, and tapped it three times on each side. useful little beastie this thing, it would prevent her communication from being tracked by anyone,…
» family reunion 

mission: joint logs
						posted on fri sep 27th, 2024 @ 5:35am						by lieutenant anya bagh & lieutenant commander ezrin ezee
anya chimed the door to loryll's quarters, glad he was finally able to be out of sickbay. julian had been overly cruel to him and he had required extra time to heal. 

loryll’s voice called, “who is it?”

“it's me, yadik.” anya smiled. 

“come in,” loryll’s voice was significantly warmer.…
» family healing

mission: sim logs
						posted on fri sep 20th, 2024 @ 6:30pm						by lieutenant anya bagh & ensign henry ivo
anya laid in the biobed, letting the nurses and doctors fuss on her. for once, she didn't complain and let them work, cooperating for whatever they needed. her shoulders were dislocated, bone material taken, and many scrapes and bruises all over her body. she would be here for a few…
» chitty chatty bang bang

mission: joint logs
						posted on sun sep 1st, 2024 @ 6:59pm						by commander tamarra james
a joint log between tj and ezrin ezee. 
set after the initial tests on the thunderchild. 


tamarra james leaned against one of the windows, her hands flat against the tempered material that was all that stood between her and the outside. she put her forehead against the window and took…


latest personal logs
» reunion

						posted on fri mar 1st, 2024 @ 2:28am						by ensign henry ivo
reunion
*set approximately 6 hours after the events of 'fides'*

henry ivo walked down the corridors of the potemkin, ignoring the looks he got from the crew. most of them were hostile, and he supposed he could not blame them. because of him, many of them had almost lost their…
» remembrance

						posted on sun may 28th, 2023 @ 4:41am						by lieutenant anya bagh
shortly after her eventful shift assisting the remans, anya found her way to the holodeck. she had dressed for combat.

entering in one of her older programs, she stepped in and readied her bat'leth. the scene was a mid nineteen nineties looking city alley, obviously not the good part of…
» behind-the-eyes

						posted on fri nov 18th, 2022 @ 7:05am						by lieutenant commander ezrin ezee
bridge-engineer-friend had just left, and the quarters still smelled of cookies, but ezrin did not feel particularly comforted. they stood in what the humans called a ‘bathroom’, and stared at themself in the mirror. their features were the same as they ever were, with shoulder-length teal hair the texture of…
» no more

						posted on mon jan 10th, 2022 @ 1:39am						by ensign rosa  delacruz ms.
rosa crept through her front door into the pitch black living room trying her best to not to disturb her sleeping mother....or so she thought. *flick!* a ceiling light fully illuminates the room revealing rosa's mother standing against the entrance to the hallway, her finger on the light switch and…
» home to roost. 

						posted on tue jan 4th, 2022 @ 12:42am						by doctor teagan ceja
“got a moment?” 

teagan ceja looked up from the report she was reading, and smiled at dr. nasir. he was leaning against the doorjamb of the medical office in sickbay. a pose she had, herself, often used when talking to dr. arnet over the years.

“sure,” she replied, waving a…


 








				powered by nova from anodyne productions |
				site credits |
                skin by matt williams




