 
















institute on religious life























































 





 

  

  

  

  


























resources | become a member |  catalog |  contact




 

  

  

  

  






 





 




home






about

 






back




history & mission






staff






servant of god fr. john a. hardon, s.j.












vocation search






discernment retreats






vita consecrata institute






events

 






back




national meeting






regional meetings






mystical rose gala






30 days of prayer












you can help






donate now






















				 franciscan sisters of christian charity			

2409 s alverno rdmanitowoc, wisconsin 54220-9340920-682-7728learn more 








				franciscan brothers of peace			

saint paul, minnesotalearn more 








				sister servants of the eternal word			

irondale, alabamalearn more 








				holy resurrection monastery			

st. nazianz, wisconsinlearn more 








				sisters of the immaculate heart of mary of wichita			

colwich, ks
learn more 








				olivetan benedictine sisters			

jonesboro, ar
learn more 








				canons regular of st. john cantius			

chicago, illinois
learn more 








				dominican sisters, immaculate conception province			

justice, il
learn more 








				st. procopius abbey			

lisle, il
learn more 








				mercedarian sisters of the blessed sacrament			

cleveland, oh 








				carmelite nuns of the ancient observance			

wahpeton, nd 




›
‹



1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11















religious life
a precious and essential gift to the people of god.
the mission of the institute on religious life is to strengthen religious life in our country, to guide it on the path to authentic renewal, to educate religious, to support their works, and to inspire vocations in their service to the church and their consecration to our lord, jesus christ.  
 







 



































view over 100 interviews with religious men and women


stay up-to-date by joining our email list!




   
 

















					irl podcast ever ancient ever new				 

					this podcast features talks and interviews with consecrated, religious men and women, giving people access to the rich and varied archives of irl interviews, classes, talks and more!				
read more








					affiliate organizations / magdala apostolate / institute of catholic culture				 

					check out these incredible resources!				
read more








					the labouré society & fund for vocations    				 

					two amazing resources for student debt relief options for men and women looking into a religious vocation...				
read more








					vocation search				 

					do you have an interest in serving the sick, elderly, poor, or children? is god calling you to contemplative prayer? do you want to be a missionary or catechist? do you have a belated vocation?… 
read more








					the vita consecrata institute				 

					the vita consecrata institute (vci), is a program of graduate level studies that centers on the theology of the consecrated life, as reflected in the mission and life of the church...				
read more








					religious life magazine				 

					religious life magazine is published five times a year! click here to read the latest issue and subscribe!				
read more







1






























news




					vita consecrata institute summer 2025			



read more



					read the november/december 2024 issue of religious life magazine			



read more



					get your free ebook "vocational discernment rosary" today!			



read more

 



1











vocation blog






						new video reveals mystery of the seven spanish martyrs of the visitation

						by visitation sisters of the second federation (and kevin banet) one hundred years ago,...						




						diocese of columbus establishes the ordo vidarum – order of widows

						on october 16, 2024, most rev. earl fernandes issued a decree to establish the ordo viduarum, or...						




						a norbertine priest discusses fundraising as a spiritual and pastoral endeavor

						interview with fr. ambrose criste, o.praem., of st. michael’s abbey in silverado, california...						









events




					west coast regional meeting ~ wilmington, california			


			 west coast regional meeting ~ saturday, january 25, 2025 "forming a eucharistic heart: 50 years of hope and healing" a day… 
read more



					2025 national meeting, april 25 - 27			


			 you are invited! the national meeting will be held over divine mercy weekend, april 25–27, 2025, at the university of… 
read more

 



1



















p.o. box 7500, libertyville, il 60048-7500tel: (847) 573-8975 


donate resources | become a member |  catalog |  contact






 


site by solutio









