






the cloud institute for sustainability education

















































the cloud institute for sustainability education



home



about
jaimie p. cloud
mission & history
our approach
our leadership
our clients
testimonials
our partners



programs & services
professional learning services
intro to efs workshop
leadership consulting
curriculum coaching
efs strengths assessment
school and community partnerships
curriculum design studio
sustainable jersey



resources
efs standards & performance indicators
efs benchmarks
efs collective
efs assessment tools
efs reading list
efs research & results
exemplary unit downloads
jaimie p. cloud publications
jaimie p. cloud videos
play the fish game
useful links



store
cloud commons digital library
e-books & shipped products


blog


contact us


donate















home/
about/jaimie p. cloudmission & historyour approachour leadershipour clientstestimonialsour partners
programs & services/professional learning servicesintro to efs workshopleadership consultingcurriculum coachingefs strengths assessmentschool and community partnershipscurriculum design studiosustainable jersey
resources/efs standards & performance indicatorsefs benchmarksefs collectiveefs assessment toolsefs reading listefs research & resultsexemplary unit downloadsjaimie p. cloud publicationsjaimie p. cloud videosplay the fish gameuseful links
store/cloud commons digital librarye-books & shipped products
blog/
contact us/
donate/






















































he cloud institute for sustainability education




educating for a sustainable future











home/
about/jaimie p. cloudmission & historyour approachour leadershipour clientstestimonialsour partners
programs & services/professional learning servicesintro to efs workshopleadership consultingcurriculum coachingefs strengths assessmentschool and community partnershipscurriculum design studiosustainable jersey
resources/efs standards & performance indicatorsefs benchmarksefs collectiveefs assessment toolsefs reading listefs research & resultsexemplary unit downloadsjaimie p. cloud publicationsjaimie p. cloud videosplay the fish gameuseful links
store/cloud commons digital librarye-books & shipped products
blog/
contact us/
donate/























































we prepare school systems and their communities to educate for a sustainable future through meaningful content and learner-centered instruction.







at the cloud institute, we are committed to the roles that teaching, learning, and thinking play in contributing to the shift toward a sustainable future.our work with schools revolves around professional learning, curriculum, instruction, and assessment aspects of education for sustainability (efs). we also provide the strategic planning and leadership development support required for lasting school change. 













the new fish game is live! thanks to all of you who supported the upgrade of the the fish game online and to mat nicholas and the team at funatomic. our new fish game is now live!there are many new features to play with, including the ability to choose the number of fisher folk with whom you are fishing in each game; the ability to announce your intentions or not, and the ability to do or not do what you promised – you’ll see that everything you do and don’t do makes a difference.  let us know what you think!!!




    play the fish game
  















play the fish game online! you have 10 days to fish and earn money to support your family. the objective of the game is to catch as many fish as possible. will you break the system?




    play the fish game
  















efs collectiveregister for free to access this multi-media repository of exemplars aligned to the efs benchmarks. help us grow the collection by submitting your own.




    learn more
  















cloud commons digital libraryour digital library houses units, lessons, templates, assessment protocols, design tools, handouts, videos and podcasts that support education for sustainability.




    learn more
  
















join us at the green schools conference on march 3-4-5, 2025 in orlando, floridathe annual green schools conference (gsc) brings together everyone involved in creating and advocating for green schools, with a focus on those leading their schools and school systems toward whole-school sustainability.the cloud institute will be hosting a hands-on workshop at the green schools post-conference on march 5, 2025. the experience will begin with a guided tour of the award-winning arbor ridge k-8 school, showcasing innovative approaches to fostering a schoolwide culture of sustainability. the workshop will be based on vertically articulated education for sustainability (efs) learning outcomes, highlighting exemplar curricula. 




 


 














































© 1995-2025 the cloud institute for sustainability education is a 501c3 organization | cloud privacy policy





 



