



 
















san antonio citizens federal credit union - florida





















































































skip to main content














menu
































it's me 247 online banking
forgot password?































login >>

















about us

our story
become a member
vip perks
hours and locations
careers
contact us
partnership request


accounts
mortgages & heloc
consumer loans

auto loans

find a car


boat & rv loans

find a boat/rv


consumer credit cards
other consumer loans

search powersports & more!




e-services

e-services
mobile app
loanpay xpress


business
financial education

greenpath financial wellness
learning lab+
kirby kangaroo club
cu rising
biz kids














 
shreddaytech & document
free shred dayopen to the public
learn moresaturday, march 22nd
7301 gall blvd., zephyrhills
saturday, march 22nd
7301 gall blvd., zephyrhills
saturday, march 22nd  |  7301 gall blvd., zephyrhills
36days14hours02minutes57secondsannual meeting5/21 | 5:30 p.m.
annual meetingannual meeting5/21 | 5:30 p.m.
learn moreannual meeting5/21 | 5:30 p.m.
learn moreannual meeting4/22 | 5:30 p.m.
2025learn more about our annual meetingjan - feb christmas club web banner fullsuffering from santa-shock?a christmas club account is a fast and easy way to save for holiday expenses. 
set up a christmas club accountsuffering from santa-shock?a christmas club account is a fast and easy way to save for holiday expenses. 
set up a christmas club accountsuffering from santa-shock?set up a christmas club accountheloc 2025unlock your home's potential:consolidate your debt with a home equity line of credit.
learn & applyunlock your home's potential:consolidate your debt with a home equity line of credit.
learn & applyunlock your home's potential:consolidate your debt with a
home equity line of credit.
learn & applyweb- full- credit card9.90% fixed apr visa.no surprises.learn more9.90% fixed apr visa.no surprises.9.90% fixed apr visa.no surprises.learn morelearn morefraud prevention if you ever receive a communication appearing to be from sacfcu that asks for personal information such as your account number or social security number, do not engage.
please notify us immediately at memberservice@sacfcu.org.
 if you ever receive a communication appearing to be from sacfcu that asks for personal information such as your account number or social security number, do not engage.
please notify us immediately at memberservice@sacfcu.org.
sacfcu will never ask you to provide personal information such as your complete account number, pin, cvv code, full social security number, or online banking username and password via email, text, or phone. if you ever receive a communication appearing to be from sacfcu that asks for personal information such as your account number or social security number, do not engage. please notify us immediately at memberservice@sacfcu.org.
read moreappointment web banner jpg 2000x450welcometo san antonio citizens federal credit union.
helping our neighbors and communities thrive since 1955.
schedule an appointmentwelcometo sacfcu
helping our neighbors and communities thrive since 1955.
schedule an appointment 








featured products





home



home loans
learn more




money






consumer loans
learn more




auto









find your next car
learn more






paper








business
learn more










arrow







testimonials



we have agreed to bring our four business accounts to sacfcu.

															
																alanda is the best! she personifies sacfcu customer satisfaction pledge. we have agreed to bring our four business accounts to sacfcu based on the level of warmth she has exhibited to us.
																													
ed m. a member since 2025.




 they have a variety of knowledge and understanding.

															

																 sacfcu has a great team of very helpful people! they have a variety of knowledge and understanding so i'm never afraid to ask "a dumb question!" 
thank you to everyone for guiding me...																read more from hope m.

hope m. a member since 2008.




there are some very special people working at sacfcu!

															
																we would like everyone to know there are some very special people working at sacfcu! tracy rowe is one of them. it feels like old style banking when you are treated like tracy treated us.
																													
nicole s. a member since 2020.




the professionalism and courtesy is outstanding.

															

																 the zephyrhills branch of sacfcu is wonderful. everyone is helpful & friendly. the professionalism and courtesy is outstanding. my experience there is always good. savitri is my go to lady. she...																read more from elizabeth k.

elizabeth k. a member since 1978.




this credit union is made up of many wonderful people.

															
																thank you mrs. savitri and all the staff at the credit union for 15+ years of smiling and serving your members. this credit union is made up of many wonderful people. thank you for serving me.
																													
william f. a member since 2009.




awesome customer service!!

															
																every single time i need anything the employees are always so sweet and helpful and always make everything so easy. awesome customer service!!
																													
wilma m. a member since 2022.



submit a testimonial!


arrow












general information

























security/atm safety



























tools & calculators



























education & quick links











arrow







community involvement






making strides walk


we participated in making strides this past weekend to support breast cancer awareness month. breast cancer has affected too many….









small business saturday


     congratulations to all the winners of our small business saturday giveaway! we encourage everyone to continue supporting their…









shred & tech recycling day


your credit union was pleased to host shred & tech at our san antonio branch! shred 360 shredded stated that…









rotary club of wesley chapel 9/11 memorial mile & 5k


we were honored to show our support for the community and pay tribute to the memory of all who were…









incredi-bowl zhills


we were proud sponsors of the zephyrhills chamber of commerce’s “incredi-bowl zhills” on may 18th, where team members bowled to…









zh small business expo, shred day, & raffle winner


sacfcu was honored to sponsor the zephyrhills charmer’s small business expo. we enjoyed the opportunity to connect with members of…







arrow












our story
san antonio citizens federal credit union is a not-for-profit financial institution, federally chartered on december 12, 1955. joe collura, joe herrmann, and fellow community members founded the credit union with the commitment to promote the financial success of community members. today, we are the longest-operating financial institution in pasco county. with locations in san antonio, dade city, zephyrhills, and wesley chapel, we are your community credit union.  as a credit union, we are a collaborative where account holders are members and, as such, are owners not “customers.” we continue to operate with our founders' guiding principle of “neighbor helping neighbor.” this philosophy sets us apart from other financial institutions. we are a community of people leveraging our collective resources to help one another thrive.  our vision is to be the difference that empowers dreams to be realized.discover the value of ownership for yourself at san antonio citizens federal credit union.your future. our community. together. [community_involvement]
								







member benefits



















































footer – leftaccounts
apply for a loan
apply for a credit card
apply for a mortgage
become a member
branch locations
business
careers
consumer loans
credit cards
footer left centerdeposit rates
direct deposit request form
e-services
fee schedule
financial education
holiday schedule
loan calculators
loan rates
lost or stolen credit/debit card
footer – rightnewsletters
partnership request
privacy policy
resources
scholarship
travel notification form
vip perks
wire transfer instructions
youth
footer – rightrouting #263182040
san antonio citizens fcu
po box 1057
san antonio, fl 33576
phone: 352-588-2732
fax: 352-588-2810
contact form


ncua/equal housingfederally insured by the ncua.we do business in accordance with the fair housing law and equal opportunity credit act.
	if you are using a screen reader or other auxiliary aid and are having problems using this website, please call 352-588-2732 for assistance. all products and services available on this website are available at all san antonio citizens federal credit union full-service locations.
social/apps/privacy/copyright





copyright © 2025 san antonio citizens federal credit union










upcoming scheduled network maintenance:  it’sme247 online & mobile app banking, cu*talk phone banking, and our website may be unavailable on tuesday, february 18th, from 12:00 am – 8:00 am et, while system maintenance is conducted.  please plan for this system interruption.  thank you for understanding and your membership. 
+


close menu 















 
