


melissa midwest pics



















    
	melissa midwest pics
	
  







thursday, december 28, 2006



	 
	 just wanteed to wish
	 
    


just wanted to wish everyone happy holidays. melissa midwest and her new friend adrienne got into the season by decorating each other with christmas lights and holiday tinsel. luckily, for us the decorations didn't cover them up very well. click here to see all of the pictures!



posted by princess at 7:05 am






sunday, october 15, 2006




	 melissa midwest satisfying herself
	 



i hope you enjoy this picture of melissa midwest fingering herself as much as i did. the pic comes a reccent webcam show. i think melissa has discovered that pleasing herself also pleases her viewers! lolthere's another webcam show tonight! click here to see it all!



posted by princess at 12:40 pm






thursday, september 14, 2006



	 
	 melissa midwest fucked
	 
    


here's melissa midwest getting fucked by another girl wearing a strap on! melissa has fucked other girls wearing a strap on dildos before but this is the first time she's ever been fucked (at least on film).and yeah, that's melissa midwest without the blonde hair. i kind of like the red look for now at least.click here to see more of melissa midwest in action!!



posted by princess at 9:21 pm






saturday, may 13, 2006



	 
	 melissa midwest camshow fun
	 
    


just when you thought it couldn't get any hotter! a week and half ago, melissa invited a friend over for some steamy girl on girl action. during the camshow last sunday she tested not one but two brand new dildos! click here to get your password to melissa's next camshow! you never know what she's going to do next.



posted by princess at 9:16 am






friday, march 10, 2006



	 
	 melissa midwest in legal trouble
	 
    


for those of you who didn't already hear - melissa midwest is in trouble again with the local lincoln, nebraska police. melissa got a ticket and is scheduled to appear in court this week after she posted pictures of herself partially naked at a lincoln bar last week.last saturday, melissa hosted and judged a wet t-shirt contest at cheerleaders. well, things got a little wild and melissa joined in.even though melissa was wearing body paint to cover her nipples, and a police officer at the scene told her she was doing nothing wrong. but on wednesday they must have changed they're minds. a police officer showed up at her front door and ticketed her. click here to see a scan of the actual ticket.it's the second time melissa has been in trouble with the law because of her website. in 2003, melissa was arrested for posting pictures of her nude at a different bar in lincoln. read more about that incident at cnn.commelissa said the police have been following her around town, harassing her since the first incident. melissa believes it's because they don't like the nature of her work, or that her website is so successful. she said, the police don't want someone having clean adult fun in their community.but melissa said it's not going to end just because they want to. every wednesday, she's going back to the same bar and putting on the same show. she said, she hasn't done anything wrong and that the local authorities are not going to scare her from doing what she loves. click here visit melissa midwest's website. see the pictures that get her in trouble.



posted by princess at 7:25 pm






sunday, february 05, 2006



	 
	 no webcam show tonight
	 
    


damn superbowl - there's melissa midwest webcam show tonight. lol. i guess once a year the supwerbowl is allowed to cancel melissa midwest's webcam show. just have to wait until thursday night for the next one.anyways, i have to run. i have to go see if there's any beer left at the store.



posted by princess at 12:52 pm






friday, february 03, 2006



	 
	 more melissa midwest craziness
	 
    


i'm not exactly sure what's going on in this picture but it looks like whatever it was it was a lot of fun. i love the guys that are trying to get a look up her skirt. where ever melissa goes a party follows.



posted by princess at 1:58 pm










links

melissa midwest's personal site
sexy adult blogs
adult blog index
girls i like
adult blog finder
adult blog directory
world blogs
melissa midwest naked
twisted blogs
sex blog zilla
real amateur pics
amateur coeds

previous posts

just wanteed to wish
melissa midwest satisfying herself
melissa midwest fucked
melissa midwest camshow fun
melissa midwest in legal trouble
no webcam show tonight
more melissa midwest craziness
melissa midwest's live camshows
melissa midwest in las vegas
my favorite melissa midwest pics

archives

august 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
may 2006
september 2006
october 2006
december 2006









 



