





niles audio | exceptional entertainment solutions






















jump to navigation




   
  






 enter your keywords  








exceptional performance

auriel - one touch
                                                            to control
home audio
outdoor living


products

home and audio control
audio amplifiers
in-ceiling & in-wall speakers
subwoofers and bookshelf speaker
outdoor
                                                            speakers
general
                                                            products


niles solutions

for
                                                            homeowners
for dealers
for builders


connect

support
our blog
in the news
press
                                                            releases
where to buy niles
contact
about niles











dealer portal










dealer portal


us dealer portal
become a dealer











a heritage of recognition



the niles name is synonymous with premier whole home audio solutions, a status earned over four decades.









 











upgrade summer



niles landscape audio series - garden satellites and in-ground subs - elevate the outdoor listening
                                                                            experience.
see the new options










 











application specific loudspeakers



our extensive selection means you can be assured that there is always a niles speaker to match your requirements.

see the directed soundfield series










 


























exceptional entertainment solutions
elevate your home experience. from speakers to amplifiers to whole-home audio control integrating lighting and climate
                                                                    control, niles lets you turn your home into an enviable oasis.





 











one touch to control



niles auriel™ is the simplest way to integrate the smart home control you use most – lighting and climate
                                                                                – into your home audio and entertainment system. and with built-in streaming audio and remote access, the
                                                                                result is an exceptional home control experience.
learn more






 









shine a light



control up to 24 devices with individual load control. scene control is supported for select systems, including lutron
                                                                                caseta®, radio ra2®and pcs pulseworx. now that's a bright idea.
learn more






 









time to chill.



or get toasty. auriel now lets you set unique schedules and remotely control up to three wireless thermostats.
                                                                            
learn more






 









get happy.



streaming is now built in, and your streaming music favorites are included: spotify, pandora, tunein, tidal and
                                                                                others.
learn more






 










explore niles


homeowners
dealers
builders
support




in the news





friday, september 25, 2020


residential systems features rebrand of nice north america



name change represents company's current focus in technology solutions. the rebranding of the company to nice north america
                                                                comes at a time where the business is evolving from a manufacturing-focused company to delivering technology solutions for its global
                                                                customers.





friday, august 7, 2020


nice north america details ip-audio, consolidated loudspeaker brands product roadmap



nsc’s ‘massive investment’ in audio focused on speakercraft, proficient and elan. niles to continue with electronics;
                                                                sunfire subwoofer tech to be leveraged as brand phases out.





wednesday, july 22, 2020


cliffside ireland home uses elan® control system to easily deliver multi-room, audiophile-quality music and home
                                                                cinema



hitech homes installs easy-to-use six-zone audio system that features elan, furman® and
                                                                niles® products with capacity for elegant future expansion.





thursday, january 24, 2019


elan lakefront remodel earns cta techhome mark of excellence award



"within the ultra-modern home, elan home systems controls the security system, lighting, climate, audio and outdoor
                                                                spaces. an elan multi-zone audio controller controls three niles si-1230 power amps installed in the main equipment rack." 
                                                            





monday, october 17, 2016


here’s to whiskey and system programming blending perfectly



commercial integrator: niles os6.3 high performance indoor/outdoor loudspeakers propel the sound for garrison brothers
                                                                distillery, the oldest maker of legal whiskey in texas.





monday, september 19, 2016


cedia 2016: niles features new auriel 2.0 software



rave publications: auriel named best new ci software solution at cedia 2016 by rave publications. multi-room
                                                                audio now with lighting and climate control.





sunday, september 18, 2016


niles updates to auriel 2.0 with home control



sound & vision: the new upgrade includes performance enhancements such as streaming audio, climate and lighting
                                                                control, plus remote access features and will be available for free to all existing system owners. 





friday, july 29, 2016


managing a miami-area mega install



residential systems: this 25,000-square-foot waterfront mediterranean villa boasts vaulted ceilings, gazebos,
                                                                fountains and 112 niles speakers.  (integrator: r&m systems group)





tuesday, july 26, 2016


niles
                                                                auriel audio platform expands to home control



ce pro: auriel 2.0 adds built-in streaming audio services, climate and lighting control, plus remote access – and
                                                                the result is an exceptional home control experience.





thursday, may 12, 2016


duty free iceland in keflavík international airport gets an audio overhaul with niles auriel



sound & video contractor: niles auriel powers audio system that spans the airport’s upper and lower level duty
                                                                free iceland shops.





































niles is part of nice north america llc




© 2023 nice north america llc 


company website
terms & privacy
                                                policy





warning: cancer and reproductive harm – www.p65warnings.ca.gov
















