







home - alabama media group










































































skip to content

















 brands al.comthe birmingham newsthe huntsville timespress-registeralabama education labthis is alabamapeople of alabamanewslettersbeat everyone podcastpodcastsadvertisers marketing servicesad specificationssubscribers al.com contributorsabout us our companypeople + culturenewscareerscontactbrands al.comthe birmingham newsthe huntsville timespress-registeralabama education labthis is alabamapeople of alabamanewslettersbeat everyone podcastpodcastsadvertisers marketing servicesad specificationssubscribers al.com contributorsabout us our companypeople + culturenewscareerscontactbrands al.comthe birmingham newsthe huntsville timespress-registeralabama education labthis is alabamapeople of alabamanewslettersbeat everyone podcastpodcastsadvertisers marketing servicesad specificationssubscribers al.com contributorsabout us our companypeople + culturenewscareerscontact 










search for:




















homeamg2024-07-24t19:42:21+00:00 
serving alabama’s communities through award-winning journalismal.com is alabama’s largest news site, providing up-to-the minute coverage of the news from around the state. our journalists cover breaking news as it happens and dig into the state’s most pressing issues through award-winning investigative reporting and smart commentary. we deliver up close analysis on college football, basketball and more and bring the state together with stories that highlight what we all love about alabama. find us at al.com, in the app store and on social media platforms.
learn more
introducing the daily digital editions from the birmingham news, the huntsville times and the mobile press-register – in an easy-to-read format. in each city-speciﬁc edition, you’ll ﬁnd the most important local, statewide and regional news of the day, exclusive stories, along with sports, opinion, national stories, obituaries, advice columns, interactive puzzles and comics.

birmingham huntsville   mobile  alabama education lab journalists are dedicated to reporting that helps k-12 students get the best education possible. they examine policies, analyze best practices, identify solutions to problems, and celebrate the work that students, teachers and our communities are doing to move us forward – one student at a time.
learn morethis is alabama celebrates our state by sharing stories about the reasons we love to call alabama home: the people, natural wonders, good food, innovation, interesting places to visit, events and so much more. look for us on facebook, instagram, tiktok or youtube or sign up for our weekly newsletter here.
learn morepeople of alabama features the faces and stories of people from all walks of life who call alabama home. we started sharing these photos in celebration of alabama’s 200th year, and more than 800 people later, we’re still traveling to every corner of the state to share inspiration from everyday alabamians. follow us on facebook and instagram.
learn more



 
 





quick linkssubscribers
contributors
 












 

 
 
 






    use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our 
    user agreement (updated 8/1/2024), and acknowledgement of our
    privacy policy, and 
    your privacy choices and rights (each updated 1/1/2025).


    © 2025  advance local media llc. all rights reserved (about us).
    the material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the 
    prior written permission of advance local.



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link











 


go to top




