



fire department













































fire department311search all nyc.gov websites






menu









text-size

search








                      home


about


services


education


business


codes


join










search










search




































today


nov28







more









 

 

fdny officials provide update on 3-alarm fire in brooklyn






at a public information briefing on tuesday, feb. 18, 2025, fdny officials provided an update on a 3-alarm fire in brooklyn.




 

 

fdny promotes fire officers at ceremony in queens






the fdny promoted its latest group of fire officers friday, feb. 14, 2025, during a ceremony at queens college. among the promoted members was michele fitzsimmons, a 24-year veteran of the fdny who was promoted to the rank of deputy chief. she became the first ever female deputy chief in the department's history and is the highest-ranking female in fire operations.




 

 

in new psa, the fdny reminds new yorkers to never block fire hydrants






the fdny is urging new yorkers to never block fire hydrants with parked cars in a newly released public service announcement (psa).




 

 

fdny commissioner robert s. tucker delivers 2025 state of the fdny: 'stronger, better trained and more ready than ever'






fdny commissioner robert s. tucker addressed the fdny foundation on thursday, feb. 6, 2025, providing a comprehensive overview of the state of the fdny and the department's vision for the future.




 

 

department releases fdny pro podcast for january 2025 featuring fire commissioner robert s. tucker






on jan. 29, 2025, the fdny and the fdny foundation released the fdny pro podcast for january 2025. fire commissioner robert s. tucker discusses issues facing the department, including a new push for federal legislation to regulate lithium-ion batteries and utilizing artificial intelligence to improve public safety. listen now!





previous


next













today


  
























top links



report an emergency


certifications, permits & business support


careers & job postings


fire safety information


support fdny


contracting opportunities


website accessibility


newsletter sign-up





commissioner's message

every day, the members of the fdny bravely protect life and property in the world's greatest city, as firefighters, emts, paramedics and officers. it is an honor and a privilege to work in this great department.
the fdny doesn’t just respond to emergencies, we prevent them, too. take some time to explore this page and all the educational materials available. this information saves lives.
robert s. tuckerfire commissioner

learn more





















 programs & initiatives







sounding the alarm

to prevent fires, learn how to properly charge, store, or dispose of lithium-ion batteries. 







#joinfdny

the career of a lifetime starts here. 







#fdnysmart

let’s make our city safer! an initiative by the fdny, fdny foundation and its partners.







fdny fire zone

plan your visit to nyc’s innovative fire safety learning center.






fdny fire safety education program

working to eliminate fire deaths in new york city.







fdny be 911 cpr program

offering free cpr instruction to all new yorkers.







fdny teens take heart cpr program

teaching cpr to new york city high school students.







juvenile fire-setters intervention program

offering education & evaluations for children.
































resources

								view all
							










get the latest laws governing fire safety requirements in new york city.






get the latest rules governing fire safety requirements.






get instructions for obtaining commonly requested records.






get reports that show average response times from the moment a call to 911 is placed.


















.fdny smart.social media channels.latest news
















 other nyc programs & initiatives







notify nyc

sign up to receive alerts from the city's official source for information about emergencies.







donate blood

donating blood saves lives.  please donate today.







ready new york

learn how you can be best prepared for all types of emergencies.







know your zone

know your zone is your destination for everything you need to know about hurricanes in nyc.






volunteer now 

search for volunteer opportunities near you!







city record online

find city procurements, contract awards, public hearings and other notices.







nyc open data

access more than 1,400 nyc data sets for free, at any time via the nyc open data portal.







voting.nyc

everything new yorkers need to vote.



























directory of city agencies contact nyc government city employees notify nyc citystore stay connected nyc mobile apps  maps resident toolkit


nyc

searchsearch


city of new york. 2025 all rights reserved,
nyc is a trademark and service mark of the city of new york
privacy policy. terms of use. 





















