




















jb pritzker, governor


























skip to main content





















                     agencies




                     services









































 





























































about




the governor


our office


lt. governor


legislative liaisons


internships & fellowships


governor's mansion





newsroom




executive and legislative achievements


photo gallery





transparency




executive & administrative orders


oeig monthly reports


freedom of information act


foia contacts





contact us




contact the governor


assistance request


greeting or recognition letter request


military retirement letter request


proclamation request


scheduling request


voice an opinion


reports submissions








                                    more
                                    


































































  office of the governor





































explore economic opportunities










early childhood education










health coverage
























































accomplishments




























state of the state




























volunteer in illinois




























state parks







































keep cool




























renewable resources




























request a proclamation




























contact the governor

























































 latest news














view more news












 about the governor



as governor, jb pritzker is thinking big for all of illinois. focusing on growing our economy and creating jobs, stabilizing state government and balancing our budget, expanding healthcare to all illinoisans, and investing in cradle to career education. governor pritzker’s agenda serves every region of our state, so no one is left behind.
elected by the largest margin in a generation, governor pritzker knows it’s time for a change in illinois. that’s why he works hard every day to put state government back on the side of working families. governor pritzker is committed to raising wages, reducing healthcare costs, expanding child care assistance, and increasing college affordability because he believes it’s the job of state government to improve the standard of living for all our residents. he has worked for decades as a national leader in early childhood education and intends to make illinois the leading state in the nation for our youngest children. governor pritzker is working to reform our criminal justice system, end the epidemic of gun violence, prioritize mental health and defend and expand the individual and civil rights of every illinoisan.




learn more





































lt. governor juliana stratton










commission on equity & inclusion










boards and commissions


































executive orders









disaster proclamations









interactive budget









state of the state
























footer









back to top







stay informed

emergencies and disasters
flag honors
road conditions
get email updates



helpful links

contact us
foia contacts
state press contacts
state vehicle policy





































web accessibility


missing & exploited children


amber alerts


illinois privacy info



governor jb pritzker
© 2025
state of illinois






















