














welcome to swimwithus




































 


















swim with us
 residential swimming lessons, private swimming lessons
 




primary menu
skip to content
home
prices
residential
adult lessons
intensive
private lessons
articles

learn to swim uk
swim shop

baby swim dvd
endless pool
swimming goggles




swimming holidays

learn to swim in tenerife
holidays in spain
holidays in italy
tenerife holidays


privacy policy
 






search


















welcome to swimwithus 

residential swimming lessons


fearful in the water?
too old for swimming lessons?
feel stupid learning to swim in a public pool?
swimming hard work?
can’t breathe properly when swimming?

if you answered yes to any of
these, then our experienced instructor can help you.
learn to swim irene who also was
water phobic once!

i’ve been there too and know just what it feels like to be frightened of the water, fearful of going under, can’t get your face wet, water up your nose, panic, just thinking about not being able to breathe and being in the deep end. all of those feelings stop you from learning no matter what.

pictured below: one of our many success
stories as featured in woman magazine. helen took swimming lessons with us
after a life time of fear and uncertainty. since she learned to swim, she
has never looked back.

i specialise
in one-to-one swimming lessons.
i am in the
water with you at all times.
swim with us and swim-easy
make learning to swim your
priority today!

holder of the
national rescue award
for
swimming teachers and
coaches
gay clarke
and irene bouette are members of

are you water phobic? do you dread the thought of swimming
lessons in a group? are you worried that no-one will understand your
fear?
have you had swimming lessons before but felt you gained very
little? are you still frightened, unable to swim or uncomfortable in the
dreaded deep-end?
well i know just how you feel. been there, done that, got the
tee shirt saw the cd, read the story……
read on for a new approach that will make learning to swim,
something that you wanted to achieve, but in your mind is
impossible.
my techniques
will remove all your worries in a short space of time. see that phobia
gradually fade away because you will repeat and repeat the same thing over
and over again and realise that the water does not change the way it reacts
to you and then you can learn to swim!
all adults swimming lessons are on a one-to-one basis because
each person is an individual and you learn at your own pace because i can
see what you are doing and with my 11 years of experience of teaching water
phobic people, i know when stop and give you time to relax and try
again.
i will not teach group lessons because experience has shown me that this is not the
best way to learn to swim simply because it is impossible to teach multiple
people how to understand the water.
imagine a driving instructor teaching 5 people how to drive at the same time?
impossible!!
many adults who did not learn to swim have a perfectly understandable reason for this
because they did not have a 1-1 experience.
i always take this into account as i help you overcome your fear of the water, staying
with you every movement in the water as you as your confidence
builds.
reasons for lessons:

to improve your swimming technique
learn to swim better.
improve your circulation (i know this for a fact!)
gives you that ‘good feel factor’ the same as dancing and
singing
learning how to swim can be a challenge, but it is a challenge that
can anyone can enjoy and succeed simply because you will learn how the
water works with your body.
anyone scared of the water?

i have helped hundreds overcome it by a logical and easily
understood explanation and with the correct understanding they go on to
learn how to swim.
swimming: the ultimate exercise. swimming is great for joint
mobility, it strengthens muscles, and has great psychological benefits.
doctors regularly encourage people to swim to overcome various physical
probelms.

i believe our prices are the cheapest on or off the net. if you
know of anywhere you can get one-to-one swimming lessons at such an
attractive price with a free lesson thrown in, i would like to hear about
it (and i’d certainly like to know how they do it!!). so why not learn to
swim with us at swimming lessons 4all and enquire about your swimming
lessons today!
 














learn to swim directoryprivate swimming lessons  lanarkshireprivate swimming lessons  east midlandsprivate swimming lessons  inner londonprivate swimming lessons  lancashireprivate swimming lessons  sheffieldprivate swimming lessons  east sussexprivate swimming lessons  dorset 

recently viewedprivate swimming lessons  isle of manprivate swimming lessons harrowprivate swimming lessons  pembrokeshireprivate swimming lessons  cambridgeprivate swimming lessons rutlandprivate swimming lessons  canterburyprivate swimming lessons cork 

popular articlesswimming clubsswimming instructor one-to-onewinded and weary?swimming pool safety for childrenbabies and swimming poolssearch 
search



 


copyright © 2018 swim with us all rights reserved.adventurous theme by catch themes









