    seo and web design company in silver spring, md | loebig ink     


 


helping business leverage  effective web strategiesloebig ink is a small business consulting firm fueled  by coffee, creativity and music to provide seo, web  design and social media solutions.

 scroll down	



aboutservicessearch engine optimizationweb design servicessocial media marketingonline advertisingkeynote speakingsmall biz coachingwordpress performance and security updatesgoogle business profilelivestream serviceportfoliologospartnersresourcesloebig ink eventsnewsletterblogcontact
award winning seo and web design agency                            
we are your complete  online business solution                            the name “loebig ink” was originally established in 1999 in philadelphia, pa with the associated domain name loebigink.com. little did we know back then, that a simple hobby site would eventually become a full-service seo and web consulting business supported by over 15 subcontractors and countless referral partners.in 2010, loebig ink was launched as a full-time web consulting business in richmond, va, and founded on the principles of integrity, trust, and sleep deprivation. we called it the “midnight club”. the business moved in 2012 to bethesda maryland in the washington, dc area with a wider scope and expanding team of social media, seo, web, and graphic design professionals.


 


 







small business solutions for every step on your way to successloebig ink offers an array of small business solutions to help you make your business the absolute best. you may need to revamp your website or design a brand-new site from scratch. you may just need a boost to get your great ideas seen. no matter where you are on your journey to success, we can help. keeping up with everything you need to do for your business can be a challenging puzzle. brian loebig and the loebig ink team will help you put it all together, step by step.search engine optimizationsearch engine optimization (seo) is an important factor in making your website visible in search engines throughout the web. our seo method will discover the best keywords for your website and industry and will set in motion an optimization process to build a strong foundation for ongoing online visibility.
read more

 

 web designto develop and grow your online presence, a striking, intuitive, mobile-friendly website is a must. our web design services can range from a simple starter site to a fully customized e-commerce and content management system with a logo and search engine optimization.
read moresocial media marketingwhere do your customers dwell online? you should be there, too. our social media marketing essentials package includes development of your presence on facebook, twitter, and linkedln. choose this or a custom plan that works for your business.
read more

 

 online advertisingonline advertising is another important strategy for reaching the top of google search results. choose from our small business advertising packages for google ads and facebook, and we can help you custom design your ad campaigns for additional platforms like bing, twitter, and linkedin.
read morekeynote speakingwould you like to share the value of internet marketing with an organization? brian loebig is an enthusiastic teacher and speaker who is ready to share his knowledge with groups large and small. his lecture or discussion topics include personal branding seo, social media marketing, and others, crafted especially for your group.
read more

 

 small business coachare you ready to identify your goals, develop a plan, and make them a reality? loebig ink offers in-person and online small business coaching services. let us help you forge ahead in online business expansion, social media strategy, internet marketing, seo, and business blogging.
read morewordpress performance and security updateswe provide monthly off-site database backups, performance and security updates
read more

 

 google business profile managementgoogle business profiles (gbp), formerly known as google my business, has become one of the most important online properties for a business on the web. your google business profile page is even more important than your website from a google search perspective.
read morelivestream serviceit’s an important day in your life. each moment matters to you and your family. your community has gathered. memories take the forefront. the last thing you want on your mind is having to deal with technology.
read more

 
february 1, 2025

video seo for youtube                            

read post

december 5, 20248 benefits of a google business profile

october 15, 2024tips on how to post the best images on google business profile

september 15, 2024seo misconceptions: brian loebig on business banterwhat  people  are saying

brian is very professional and knowledgeable, but most of all i liked the fact that he did not overwhelm me with suggestions; instead, he motivated me with a "small attainable goals" approach. the tasks he gave me to complete were simple but they made a huge difference in my business and the results are incredible. as a business consultant and a social media guru, he has an invaluable wealth of knowledge to share. precious turner, consultant

working with brian has been one of if not my favorite working relationships. we first met when i started as the marketing director at bethesda blues & jazz. brian's company, loebig ink helped immensely with marketing support in relation to seo, a new website relaunch, social media & email management, and in depth monthly analytical reports.  cooper london, marketing director

brian loebig is a genius at web development, online social networking, and many other internet solutions. he has provided services for my own business and a significant number of my clients. brian is personable, professional, and gets the job done. i have never had any issues with his work and often recommend his services to my most valued customers. ted tyree – chief technology officer

loebig ink has been a huge help to me and my business. first i had a website designed by professionals and he made it shine, improved my seo with fantastic results, and then i designed my own website from scratch which he then did it all over again. works diligently to make sure everyone is successful, and he truly is a master of collaboration. i can't thank brian enough for his hard work at helping me make sure i was a success from my efforts on the web.dr. justin klein, got your back total healthmy partners: the growth and success of loebig ink has been
facilitated by special partnerships with business and referral partners.



let’s  connect   the dots.
contact now
call
301-244-techconnect
connect@loebigink.comaddresssilver spring, md 20902newsletter subscription
signup for the newsletter and receive three internet marketing case studies and exclusive invitations to free webinar events.
first name*

last name*

email*
we hate spam!! really, it's terrible, and we never do it
leave this field empty if you're human: © copyright 2023 - loebig ink, llc - all rights reserved  |  privacy policyd.b.a.: loebig ink seo and web design


 search for:        

remove-button


magnifying-search-lenses-tool
 




