



  








mslexia: the uk's bestselling magazine for women who write


























skip to main content




















buy latest issue
|subscribe
                    


 basket0|
 sign in






 navigation



magazinewhy mslexia?subscribelatest issueadvertiseblogsalonfoyereventsnoticeboardmeeting roomslibrarycloakroomsubmissionsfictionpoetrynonfictionpitch mslexiafunwhat happened next?submissions policycompetitionsopen for entriesshort storyflash fictionnovel (children's & young adult)poetry (single poem)poetry (pamphlet)entry instructionsmeet the winnerscompetitions policy & ruleseventsshopmagazine subscriptionmagazine single issuesmslexia salon membershipdiary and plannerindie press guidewomen's writing weeksmini writing guidesanthologiesinstitutional subscriptionsdonatecontactnewslettermeet the teamwork at mslexialistingspress 

 










diary & planner 2025
achieve your writing goals in 2025 ✨ find out more 










latest issue
how does becoming a mother affect a woman's writing? find out more 










lights, camera, fiction!
the lamb author lucy rose on applying screenwriting techniques to novel writing find out more 










newsletter
can we write to you?  mslexia newsletter 

















mslexia: for women who write
welcome to mslexia! we produce the bestselling quarterly magazine for women who write – where every reader is a potential contributor too. we publish over 70 names in every issue, so you might find your work alongside award-winning authors such as r f kuang, eliza clark, liz berry, diana evans, val mcdermid or alice oseman.
but mslexia is not just a magazine. now that you're here, you could enter one of our life-changing competitions, which have propelled the careers of many women writers to the next level. or join our online community the salon, where members can attend writing surgeries and q&as led by industry experts as well as our famous agent extravaganza. 
then there’s the indie press guide, the mslexia minis writing guides, and our writer's diary & planner – all designed to kickstart your creativity.
our mission is to help women express themselves and get their writing noticed: in print, online and in performance.









magazine
issue 104 has arrived and it's overflowing with insight into some amazing writers. eley williams tells us about her achilles heel, bestselling romance novelist lindsey kelk talks about the importance of community, and our agenda explores the impact of having a baby on a woman's writing career.
elsewhere, jill dawson discusses how a conversation with award-winning memoirist cathy rentzenbrink was a turning point in her journey towards being comfortable with public speaking, matilda welin looks at the practice of keeping a diary, and writer ellen jones considers how her career as a literary translator feeds into her own work.
plus: we announce the winners of the mslexia short story and flash fiction competitions, as chosen by leone ross and mary-jane holmes!









submissions
we're now accepting submissions for issue 105! check out all the opportunities on our 'submissions' pages. submit before 6 january 2025 for the chance to be published in the spring issue.









competitions
our 2024 competitions are now closed for entries. winners of our poetry competition will announced in issue 105, and our novel competition winner and pamphlet competition winner will be announce in 106. check back in june for info on our 2025 competitions.









shop
subscribe to the magazine, join our online salon, or nab a single copy of the mag to check out how our 20 submission categories look on the page – to make sure you’re aiming in the right direction!







recent blog

all articles













lights, camera, fiction!


read more

 










agent extravaganza 2025


read more

 










the fay weldon memorial lecture 2024


read more

 










salon showcase: 'simple arithmetic' by h c gildfind


read more

 



advertisement






















                        shop
                    

                        open 24/7, our shop is where you can subscribe to the mag, buy the latest issue, browse our range of writing guides, and more.
                    



                        advertise
                    

                        mslexia women are highly educated, engaged, active and responsive – the perfect audience for your advertising needs.
                    



                        salon
                    

                        home of our online surgeries and events, the salon is also where you can share work, browse writing opportunities, access ‘how-to’ material.
                    



                        keep in touch
                    

                        sign up for our monthly newsletter to be the first to know about competitions, events, writing opportunities, research and more
                        
                        
                    





magazinesalonsubmissionscompetitionseventsshopcontact 



contact mslexia at po box 656, newcastle upon tyne  ne99 1pz. tel 0191 204 8860. email postbag@mslexia.co.uk
                mslexia is the trading name of mslexia publications limited. registered in england and wales no. 03374941.  registered office:  unw, citygate, st james boulevard, newcastle upon tyne ne1 4je. registered charity no.1183410. vat registration no. gb 708774309. mslexia is supported by arts council england.
© copyright 2020 - 2025 mslexia - a national magazine for women's writing.
                see our privacy policy, terms and conditions, accessibility policy and sitemap. website by edward robertson

    






this website uses cookies to ensure that you have the best experience. read our privacy policy and terms and conditions for more information.
accept and continue
















