








home - mowbray publishing





























































 






		skip to content








 





main menu
 


homebooksmenu toggle

book topics book titles, a-z book authors, a-z
magazinemenu toggle

us & ca subscription international subscription list of back issues purchase back issues
blogresourcesmenu toggle

free catalog advertiser information authors gun show calendar
contactlogin 






									0								











 
 







home  











 

 previous slide


 next slide







new + recent books of note 





quick viewbullet strikes from the first day of the american revolutionrated 0 out of 5
$35.99
add to cart 



quick viewthe u.s. model 1917 rifle by canfieldrated 0 out of 5
$49.99
add to cart 



quick viewamerican military buttons by bazelonrated 5.00 out of 5
$74.99
add to cart 



quick viewcolt percussion engraving stylesrated 0 out of 5
$60.00
add to cart 



quick viewthe collector’s guide to the sks by laymanrated 5.00 out of 5
$48.99
add to cart 



quick viewu.s. small arms of world war ii by canfieldrated 5.00 out of 5
$95.99
add to cart 



quick viewu.s. model 1855 series of small arms by willyardrated 5.00 out of 5
$45.95
add to cart 



quick vieweuropean arms in the civil war by schwalm & hofmannrated 0 out of 5
$35.95
add to cart 



 







 
click to see more books







check out our most recent blog posts! 










				in defense of james w. ripley			


was james ripley really such an idiot? ever since i was a little boy, i’ve been hearing collectors heap abuse on james wolfe ripley, the union’s chief of ordnance during the initial years of the civil war. people really don’t like this guy…and he’s been dead since 1870! the reasons


			read more »		









				in next issue: childhood cannon memories			


how many memories do you have from your childhood not ones that can be brought back to mind by photos, but solid chunks of recollection that live with you day in and day out for the rest of your life? i have rich memories that come to me randomly, but


			read more »		









				robert gould shaw civil war battle sword			


a few months ago, we were contacted by the massachusetts historical society and asked to take photographs of a sword that had just been donated…but we were sworn to secrecy about what it was! well, now we are allowed to spill the beans. it is the previously unknown battle sword


			read more »		












 
click to see more blog posts














 








							copyright © andrew mowbray, inc. — publishers - 2025all rights reserved. disclaimer & privacy policy 

 









facebook
 









 
 






 

scroll to top









 







  



















































 

