


esquire caucasian ovcharka mountain dogs























									caucasian ovcharka
									
caucasian mountain dog
									
usa breed founders
									
exclusive bear type
								



									puppies for saleclick here
								


exclusive bluesclick here
								


reveredold-charkaclick here








about us








photos








program








rkf standard








health








temperament








awards








articles








news








breed book








pressroom








faq








for buyers








rescue








charka chat








links








guest book




































"love & security one family at a time."
esquires' sires - photo gallerypuppies & imports for sale - photo galleryesquires' dams - photo gallery


kavkazskaya ovcharka ....                                           earliest domesticated dog ?
						
							the skulls of two stone age dogs believed to be the earliest known canines on record have been found, according to a team of russian scientists. the dog duo, which lived approximately 14,000 years ago, appear to represent the first step of domestication from their wild wolf ancestors.

							mikhail sablin, a scientist at the zoological institute of the russian academy of sciences in st. petersburg, analyzed the dog remains : "we suggest that the dogs looked like present-day tibetan mastiffs or caucasian sheep dogs," sablin told discovery news."


								click here to read more ....
							



								known by different names in different lands, we think the caucasian mountain dog is the most interesting and wonderful dog breed in the world. we think you will find them amazing too!
							

protecting families for 3000 years - click here

caucasian ovcharka, caucasian shepherd dog, kavkazskaya ovcharka, caucasian, kavkazets, berger du caucase, ovtcharka, caucasian mountain dog, kawkasky owtscharka, kaukasische schaferhund, pastore del caucaso, volkodav.
								






copyright notice
									all material on this website copyright © 1991-2015 stacey kubyn, esquire caucasians and others.  all rights are reserved.
								


							copyright protection is hereby asserted in the united states and internationally without limitation and will be vigorously defended.  all content, graphics, photos and computer code herein are protected by us and international copyright laws, and may not be used for any purpose, nor copied, reprinted, published, translated, hosted or otherwise distributed by any means.  be advised that digital watermarking, tracking codes, encryption and other technical and non-technical means may be employed in the defense of these rights.
							







 finest health - long-lived, active, athletic
 best vet care - our dogs & your puppy
 temperament - loving family members
 working ability - they do their job
 support - 24/7 for the life of your dog
 experience - usa breed founders 1990
 stability - attorneys & lifelong ohioans
 pedigrees - legendary russian champions
 bear type - they do look like bears!




a world class specialist kennel established in 1990.

					esquire caucasians founded the caucasian mountain dog (kavkazskaya ovcharka) in the united states. we are dedicated to responsible breed promotion and preservation.

					we breed the best temperament ovcharka: alert, intelligent, dedicated family protectors who are also calm, gentle, loving and heart-warming companions.  esquire dogs work as they were always intended to work: providing security for their homes while fitting into a family environment.

					we specialize exclusively in the mountain bear type caucasian (historically called transcaucasian or georgian). our foundation dogs are fci registered. famous russian import bloodlines. we adhere to the russian kennel federation breed standard of excellence.


					our accomplishments include: the first usa bred champions of the breed, the #1 usa caucasian in usa show history, first usa "excellent" ratings by fci judges (undefeated under fci working breed judges), the  first usa temperament certified caucasians (multi-systems), the only protection certified russian imports to the u.s., establishment of the us parent breed club (coca) and code of ethics, first usa established health screening recommendations, first usa breed rescue, and many community service projects.

					we are breed fanciers, advocates, and guardians. puppies available occasionally by reservation. please follow the menu links at the left of this page for pictures of our dogs and information about the breed.  do visit your breeder in person. our puppy buyers are welcome to visit the
					home of esquire caucasians!

esquire caucasians, usa breed founders. america's leader in the breed!




