





the end result | #1 best remodeling service in orange county – the #1 recommended for kitchen & bath remodeling




















































the end result | #1 best remodeling service in orange countythe #1 recommended for kitchen & bath remodeling (714) 628-1225
info@theendresult.net
get contractors


home
about us
our services

bath remodeling orange county
electrical
general contractor
kitchen remodeling
landscaping
masonry
painting
patios covers
orange county plumber
room additions
other services


for contractors
testimonials
blog
faq
get a contractor
 

home page


are you looking to remodel your kitchen or bathroom?

you’ve come to the right place. at the end result, we strive to provide the best remodeling services orange county has to offer!call us today at (714) 628-1225 and tell us your home remodeling needs.a remodeling contractor will contact you shortly.the contractor will quote your project & start once you approve.have peace of mind while your job gets completed successfully on time.enjoy the end result!it’s really that simple!there’s a reason why the end result has been the #1 trusted kitchen & bath remodeling service in orange county.  we take each and every client seriously and offer unparalleled customer service.  each contractor on our team is selected through a rigorous screening procedure.  our contractors are licensed, bonded, insured, background checked, and fairly priced.each contractor on our team is interviewed by our trained and qualified staff members. this unique face-to-face screening process ensures we get the most personable, reliable, and experienced remodeling & general contractors that orange county has to offer. 


the end result takes the pressure and anxiety out of your kitchen and bath remodeling projects. whether your project is small or large, the end result prides itself in giving you the most honest and reliable remodeling contractors in orange county, ca and surrounding areas for all of your needs.  we have been in business for the past 30 years and can handle any project, big or small. call us today! (714) 628-1225
the end result philosophyour philosophy is very simple… to dedicate ourselves to providing you with high quality remodeling services in orange county, ca. we only use pre-screened, licensed, bonded, insured, honest, competent and fairly-priced remodeling contractors who stay on our team based strictly on merit.  our company’s reputation is built from the promptness, knowledge, professionalism and personal courtesy that can only be found at the end result – orange county.experience how easy it is to get home remodeling done in orange county and surrounding areas!to find reputable remodeling or general contractors:fill in the form to the right or click on get contractorsorcall one of our helpful representatives today: (714) 628-1225
 thumbtack
the end resulttrusted and verified"have peace of mind .... call us .... 
you'll love ... the end result!!!"contact nowbrought to you by 

search website

get referrals?






















service needsadditions & expansionsair conditioning & coolingappliance repairarchitects & engineersbathroom remodelingcabinets & shelvescarpentry & woodworkingcleaning servicesclosets & organizerscomputers & electronicsconcrete, masonry, brick, & stonecountertopsdemolition & removaldoorsdryrotdrywall / sheetrockelectricalenvironmentalfences & gatesflooringfoundationsfurnace & heatingfurniture repairgarage doorsgardeninggeneral contractorglass & mirrorhandyman serviceshome constructionhome inspectors & appraisersinsulationinterior designers & decoratorsjunk haulingkitchen remodelinglandscape, yard & gardenmaid servicemasonrypainting (int. & ext.)patios, decks, porches & gazebospest controlplumbingpools, spas, hot tubs, & saunasremodelingrestoration servicesroofing & guttersroom additionssidingstairs & railingstile & stone workupholsterywalls & ceilingswindows






interview with jay k. rao – owner
how to choose the right contractor

 
see our interview on southern california homes, a top site for california homes for sale, new mexico homes for sale, n. california real estate & orange, ca real estate:how to choose the right contractor. 

site menu
home
about us
our services
get referrals
general contractors orange county
testimonials
blog
faq
contact us

get referrals
whenever you have any home repair or improvement need, give us a call.
one of our associates will work with you one-on-one, and using our state-of-the-art referral software, will find the best contractors for your exact needs.


 click here to get referrals>>

contact us
(714) 628-1225
info@theendresult.net
address
the end result
1039 n. main st.
orange, ca 92867


 







 © 2014 the end result, all rights reserved.













