


new brunswick parking authority - new brunswick, nj




















































732-545-3118




 residential permits




































































about us


 nbpa location

board meeting agendas

board meeting minutes

board of commissioners

executive management 

financial information

public bids

telephone numbers




employment



new brunswick


education

entertainment/culture

health care

location

other new brunswick sites

pubs/bars/clubs

restaurants

transportation




parking info


ev parking

event parking

illegal parking and enforcement

juror parking

monthly parking

off-street parking

on-street disabled parking

on-street parking and meters

parking for disabled persons

parking rates

parking services

parking zones

parkmobile

residential parking wards

residential permit parking

residential digital permit parking faq

snow parking

tickets and towing




online payment



contact


opra request





















							welcome to the new brunswick parking authority
						













residential digital permitting
apply online





individual monthly parkers
except nbpac deck





merchant/business monthly parkers
except nbpac deck






parking locator
find all of our facilities





online payments
make payments on our website





nbpac monthly permits
apply for npbac parking permits
and pay tickets












new brunswick parking authority

the nbpa is the organization for parking information in new brunswick nj. if you are seeking commuter parking for mass transit, monthly parking for your employees, parking validations for your customers, or revised parking regulations for your neighborhood, the nbpa is here to assist you. read more









 notices






public notice
please be advised that the reorganization meeting of the new brunswick parking authority board of commissioners will be held at 5:00 p.m. on wednesday, january 29, 2025, followed immediately by the january 2025 regular meeting, in the conference room of the new brunswick parking authority located at 106 somerset street, 6th floor, new brunswick, new jersey. anyone requiring special accommodations for the meeting should notify the nbpa at least 24 hours in advance. 





parking reservations
reservations for parking in our parking decks are now live! check out our parkmobile page for more info. 





convenient parking available evenings after 5:00pm at the city hall lot and the civic square deck

parkmobile contactless payment only!  use the parkmobile app.
 





online parking account
we are excited to announce that the new brunswick parking authority (nbpa) has teamed up with zephire to provide you with a personalized and secure online parking account. this new system will enable you to manage your account online without the need to contact a representative at the nbpa. you will be able to make address changes, add or delete vehicles, and add or change credit card information. in addition, invoices will be automatically generated and emailed to you. credit card payments will be processed automatically through the portal as well.
in the coming days, be on the lookout for an introductory email from njnbpa@mgzephire.com explaining the process to access your account online. please add this address to your safe sender list. 
thank you for being a patron of the new brunswick parking authority. we look forward to meeting your parking needs.  





public service announcements - saving parking spots 
a friendly reminder…
while we understand everyone would like to park in front of their residence, saving unoccupied parking spots is not allowed and illegal. the city of new brunswick wants to remind residents to be good neighbors and respect the parking rules and regulations.
the use of cones or other objects to save a parking space along a residential street is prohibited. if this practice is observed by officers of the new brunswick police department or the new brunswick parking authority, the cones will be removed, and a summons will be issued when applicable. please be courteous to your neighbors and obey the rules. 


 





how to spend 48 hours in new brunswick - jersey's best

how to spend 48 hours in new brunswick - jersey's best

new brunswick performing arts center — 11 livingston avenue.  nbpac is home to four member performing arts companies:
crossroads theatre companygeorge street playhouseamerican repertory balletmason gross school of the arts 





receipts
great news!  if you need a receipt after parking at an nbpa on-street meter, you now can get one easily.  simply go to www.myparkingreceipts.com and enter your information and the receipt be emailed to you.
for more information, click here.if you need a receipt for parking in a parking deck, email the ticket number, date parked, and parking deck (or a picture of the ticket) to info@njnbpa.org.

if you need a receipt for valet parking at the heldrich or restaurants, you can go to https://www.parking-receipts.com/.  













 parking information



	for information on:juror parkinghandicapped parkingoff-street parkingon-street and meter parkingand moreclick the link below. 
read more
 






 pay tickets & slips

tickets can be paid online.all enforcement ticketsprohibited area ticketsdeferred payment slips click the link below to pay.
pay now
 







important


 stay updated

stay up to date with nbpa email or text alerts on nixle!follow us on twitter for updates.like our facebook page for updates.we're also on instagram now. we'll be posting informational pictures that will hopefully provide quick answers to common questions.












employment
•

online payment
•

public bids
•

privacy policy
•

terms of service
•

			© 2025 new brunswick parking authority 
			site by nyc web design






























