





blue moon motel - where guests and friends meet




































book direct us


home


room


testimonials


direction


contact










 

 


previous



next








why choose us?
we always provide  best service







budget with luxury
experience luxury and affordability at our budget motel, with top-notch
                            amenities and services. enjoy a comfortable and memorable stay without
                            breaking the bank.





friendly team
the friendly team at the motel takes pride in providing excellent service
                            to all guests. they go above and beyond to ensure that everyone feels
                            welcome and comfortable during their stay





family & fun
enjoy fun and relaxation at our motel with an outdoor heated pool, bbq and 
                            picnic area, and kid's playground. create unforgettable memories with loved 
                            ones while taking advantage of our family-friendly amenities.
                        

















popular rooms
get your budget  from our collection












one queen bed



our cozy budget room with a queen bed is perfect for couples or solo travelers, equipped with necessary amenities for a comfortable and budget-friendly stay.

booking


 





+

one king bed



our budget motel room with a king bed is perfect for couples seeking a cozy and budget-friendly stay. equipped with necessary amenities, it's the ideal choice for a comfortable experience.

booking


 







one queen bed with jetted bathtub



indulge in a romantic and relaxing stay in our luxurious motel room with a queen bed and jetted bathtub. with all necessary amenities, it's the ideal choice for an unforgettable experience.

booking


 





+

one king bed with full kitchen



one king bed with a full kitchen is perfect for two adults and one child. enjoy all the amenities of home with ample space for everyone.

booking


 







two queen bed



our budget-friendly motel room with two queen beds is perfect for a group of four adults seeking a comfortable and affordable stay with necessary amenities

booking


 







two queen beds with kitchenette



a suite with two queen beds and a kitchenette is perfect for a group of four adults seeking a comfortable and convenient stay. ideal for families or friends looking to stay together with necessary amenities.

booking


 







two queen beds with full kitchen



our spacious two queen bed suite with full kitchen is ideal for a group of four adults seeking a comfortable and convenient stay with all the amenities of home.

booking


 







two rooms suite with full kitchen



our two-room suite with full kitchen is perfect for a group of six adults seeking a comfortable and convenient stay with all the amenities of home and ample space for everyone.

booking


 







three bedrooms suite with full kitchen



our luxurious three-room suite with a full kitchen is perfect for a group of six adults seeking a spacious and indulgent stay. enjoy all the amenities of home with ample space for everyone.

booking


 





modal title










previous



next





card subtitle



room

 size 0m²/0 ft²
 2x queen bed
 1x sofabed
 whirlpool bathtub
 4x adults
 2x kids

facilities

 seasonal outdoor heated pool
 patio
 bbq/garden area
 kid playround
 coin laundry room
 on-site free parking



kitchen

 dinning table
 refrigenrator
 oven
 sink
 microwave
 tea/coffee maker

washroom

 toilet
 bathtub



entertaiment

 room free wifi
 cable tv
 local telephone

comforts

 air conditioning
 heating

hygienic

 all non-smoking rooms
 no pets allowed
 daily cleanning





close













testimonials

                                what our happy customers say about us
                            











                                            this motel is a little hidden gem. we were there for our 35th anniversary and we were happily surprised with the atmosphere. beautiful flowers and ...





denise de adder













 


                                            clean, comfortable, well equipped rooms at a very reasonable price. conveniently located with a grocery store and bus stop nearby. with free parking, this ...





sanjay madgal













 


                                            my team and i enjoyed our stay at this motel. it was quiet and clean and we got some rest. staff is very responsive and the cost was reasonable. if ...





anique perkins













 


                                            this hotel might not have the most modern sleek looking rooms but they were very clean and well maintained. i would recommend staying here if you are just ...





heather spurrill













 


                                            very friendly and accommodating owners. we stayed for 3 nights and were extremely happy with our stay there. price of $110 per night is worth every penny ...





robert jolivet













 


                                            great value for money.  i would stay here anytime.  rooms are clean and comfortable and the motel is conveniently located. ...





vani madgal













 


                                            very clean rooms , you get lot in your rooms , like microwave, mini fridge, hot plate, dishes, toaster. free wifi, no smoking rooms, pool for summer months ...





sherry drover













 


                                            comfy bed, clean room, great shower (hot & high pressure), really nice to have a mini fridge/microwave and small dining table.  owners were very friendly ...





clayton macleod













 











contact us

                        if you have any question 
                        drop a message
                    













                                8445 lundy's lane
                                niagara falls, on
                                canada, l2h 1h5











(+1) 905-356-3829
(+1) 877-352-8353
info@bluemoonniagara.com






scan to get direction













copyright @ 2023 all right reserved.











