











balmex - pediatrician recommended diaper rash cream






























































 






 













					featured retailers:				



 



 



 



 



 



 




						view all					














 




											menu										








					search				






						where to buy					



						where to buy					





							save $2 now						

















										shop now									






										my account									











our formulas
the balmex benefits
how balmex works
diaper rash 101
faq
 












					search our site				





						search					











								close							

our formulas
the balmex benefits
how balmex works
diaper rash 101
where to buy
balmex coupon – save $2
faq
contact us



							search						






 



 



 

















 



complete protection. complete peace of mind.
diaper rash is just as irritating to parents as it is to baby’s skin. balmex complete protection can heal and protect baby’s bottom in no time. it’s the only diaper rash cream clinically proven to reduce redness in just 3 hours.


															learn more														









 








 



now you can baby
your skin, too.
from diaper rash to chapped, chafed skin balmex multi-purpose healing ointment is a clear and gentle skin protectant. packed with 7 moisturizers plus vitamins a and d, it’s ideal for skin of all ages.


															learn more														









 





















							why us						




recommended by pediatricians.
trusted by parents.
for over 50 years, parents have been choosing balmex for their baby’s comfort—helping them feel better faster. with two formulations to choose from, balmex is a leading brand in the fight against diaper rash.









 

															protects														
provides a moisture barrier & protects against wetness and chafing.






 

															soothes														
neutralizes rash-causing irritants with soothing botanicals.






 

															heals														
only balmex is clinically proven to reduce redness in just 3 hours.*







balmex complete protection is specifically formulated with zinc oxide and soothing botanicals to quickly treat diaper rash discomfort and to protect baby’s delicate skin against wetness and chafing. the most comprehensive diaper rash cream available, it simply does more than the other creams.
balmex multi-purpose healing ointment is a petrolatum-based skin protectant with 7 healing moisturizers. clear and gentle, it treats a wide range of skin irritations, from diaper rash to chapped, chaffed skin. ideal for both baby’s skin and yours.


											discover the balmex benefits										




										*data on file									














							video						




healing power in 3 hours!






  












							how it works						




easy on. easy off.
diaper rash gone.
apply balmex with every diaper change, especially before baby goes to sleep, or any time she may be exposed to wetness for an extended period of time.
both of our diaper rash remedies are specifically designed to go on smoothly and come off easily — and they each use a unique blend of key ingredients.


										see how balmex works									











													cream												



													ointment												









 



botanical extracts:
proven to soothe skin and neutralize rash-causing irritants.


zinc oxide 11.3%:
forms a moisture barrier to protect against wetness and chafing.


vitamins b5 and e:
quickly comforts and soothes existing diaper rash.









 



7 moisturizers:
nourishes and softens problem skin.


petrolatum 51.1%:
protects and helps relieve chapped or chaffed skin.


vitamins
a and d:
improves skin’s elasticity and helps speed repair.



















							helpful info						









 



 



 












														six ways to help prevent diaper rash													
sometimes fighting diaper rash feels like a losing battle. luckily, there are a number of simple things you can do to help prevent this frustrating rash.


															continue reading														







														what causes diaper rash?													
while it may be the great mystery for new parents, there are several known factors that contribute to diaper rash.


															continue reading														







														how your baby’s diet can cause diaper rash													
introducing solids to your little one is a major milestone. it can also lead to some unwanted diaper rash. here are a few tips on how to deal with it.


															continue reading														


























							testimonials						





									what our customers are saying:								












															“i love your diaper rash cream. it works so well on my daughter. i have purchased other brands, but none stand up to the quality of balmex. we love it!!”														



															– sammi														










															“we tried everything we could including prescription diaper rash ointments. nothing was working!!! thank you so much for having this product.”														



															– toni														










															“whenever my daughter gets a diaper rash from teething i am never nervous about it because i know that your products will work like a charm.”														



															– amanda														










															“my baby suffered a constant diaper rash for a month…i heard about balmex from a mom blogger. to my pleasant surprise, it really works to prevent rashes!”														



															– slw														










															“my mother suggested this product when the baby was first born and i’m pretty sure we are going to continue using it until she is potty trained!”														



															– tyrone														










															“what i love about it the most is that by the first use, she’s comfortable enough to resume playing!”														



															– es														










															“recently my niece had a baby and she was struggling to find a cream that did not irritate his skin. i gave her one of your products and it worked like a charm! ”														



															– sarah														

























							where to buy						





the peace (of mind) maker.
being a parent means being prepared—and with balmex you’re always prepared for diaper rash. from your local pharmacy or grocery store, to your favorite online retailer, balmex is available almost everywhere you shop.



												view all buying options											










 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 
















							top						








our family-owned brands
as your family grows, our family of well-loved brands will be there to protect and care.





 

need a cream for adults? heal skin with balmex adult advantage!

							learn more						








 



 



 



 







our formulas
the balmex benefits
how balmex works
diaper rash 101
faq
contact us



									stay connected								




 



 



 






			join our mailing list		


your email address*

commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 submit 











δ












 


©2025. crossingwell consumer health. all rights reserved.
privacy policy    |disclaimer    |website by code18 interactive










































