






premium golf club experience | tamarac, fl | woodmont country club






















































skip to content

















7801 nw 80th avenue, tamarac, fl 33321












(954) 722-4300





















































 
homeaboutservices tennis & pickleball course memberships golf banquets & events facilitiesgalleryreviewscontact









book now












 





your luxury country club in tamarac, fl






woodmont country club is a 27-hole golf and country club in the heart of broward county. from golf practice facilities, a pool, a tennis center for recreational and high-performance players (13 har tru clay and 1 hard court), and a fitness center to a restaurant and bar, you’ll find almost everything you need here.








book a tee time








































woodmont tuesday league






spark is a 9-hole, social golf league organized to be casual and fun, with a touch of friendly competition.
every tuesday at 5:00pm starting april, 16th by clicking the link below







learn more










 


































our services






golf services and other amenities






from golf and tennis to a state-of-the-art fitness center, woodmont country club has everything you need. view our services and amenities below.









golf



tennis



fitness center



pool



banquets and events



golf tournaments



restaurant and bar









learn more


















our reviews






what people are saying






at woodmont country club, we strive to provide an exceptional experience for all our guests. please feel free to take a look at our reviews.







view all













"one of the most beautiful golf courses! it is one of the oldest and best golf courses there is. with wonderful staff. i have a lot of memories from this place. my engagement party was held in the woodmont country club banquet hall. wow how time flies!"







meryll h.


 












"brand new clubhouse. food is great. great bar. friendly & helpful all around staff. greens very fees reasonable for in season. course is in good shape and the greens are immaculate and fast the way i like them. highly recommend this course."







ted d.


 

















about us






fort lauderdale fairways and greens






prepare yourself for an unparalleled golfing experience. our course is a pleasure for golfers of any skill level to play. woodmont country club will challenge you while providing a relaxing, picturesque backdrop. test your accuracy with our fairways, water hazards, and sand traps. our undulating greens challenge your putting touch and reading ability. all in all, our goal is to provide you with a quality experience that includes exceptional service and a comfortable atmosphere.
no matter what you’re looking for, chances are you’ll find it here. woodmont country club offers event spaces for tournaments, parties, and even weddings. if you become a member, you’ll receive access to our resort pool, golf practice facilities, fitness center and more. call us for more information!







learn more


















woodmont country club cypress - a von hagge and devlin designed golf course 






golfers of any skill level will find something to love at our golf course. from fairways and hazards to sand traps and rolling greens, you’ll find plenty to challenge and delight you. contact us to book your spot now.























woodmont country club pines 9- a von hagge and devlin designed golf course and updated by joe jemsek






a full par 36 course that can be played with any other 9 from our famed cypress championship course.  this 9 is both narrow and challenging giving golfers the opportunity to use all their clubs in the bag.  the pines 9 is perfect for corporate 2-hour golf outings and events.

















host events and parties






want to host your next big event or party at woodmont country club? we can accommodate a small casual get-together to a formal 300 person event.  if you’re planning a mitzvah, wedding, shower, quinceanera, or other celebration, we would love to host it. our brand new clubhouse and country club provides luxurious amenities and a beautiful green golf course.























annual and seasonal memberships






become a member of woodmont country club with an annual or seasonal membership. benefits include advanced tee times, practice facilities, fitness center, resort pool access, and more. join now, and all initiation fees will be waived!


































get in touch













7801 nw 80th avenuetamarac, fl 33321















(954) 722-4300















rschmidt@woodmontcountryclub.net





























memberships available!






* annual * seasonal * corporate * sports * tennis * social * under 40 *
join now and all initiation fees are waived!







call us now










 










  © 2025 - all rights reserved  - disclaimer website design & marketing by  omg national 




 

home
about
services

tennis & pickleball
course
memberships
golf
banquets & events
facilities



gallery
reviews
contact
 



close



call us today: (954) 722-4300




















