








crazy beat records | sell & buy records in upminster






































































home
sell
buy
contact us
sell my records01708 228678sell my recordscall our store


home
sell
buy
contact us



record shop in upminster, essexwith over 30 years experience in trading records, crazy beat records prides themselves on being one of the biggest record shops in the london and essex areas. not only do we sell a wide range of records both online and in our store but we buy your records from anywhere in the uk.sell recordsbuy records    excellent    164 reviews     sell your recordswe aim to offer the best price!if you are downsizing, giving up djing, moving house, emigrating, need some cash or are simply decluttering then we can help you shift your record collection.for larger collections or if you are housebound we can do house calls - for the right records we are willing to travel anywhere in the uk!  no record collection is too large, we’ve handled collections running into tens of thousands of items.  we can arrange our visit for whenever you’re available, evenings and weekends included. we have access to the shop via the rear for people who want to drop off records without paying for parking.  instant cash payments or bank paymentswe buy entire collectionswe can travel to youwe buy a wide range of genreswe buy records nationwiderequest a call backor call 01708 228678faq

what genres do you buy?we buy any genre, but some tend to be more collectible than others, and some are very difficult to sell (easy listening, country and western, musicals, classical, opera).  this would be reflected in the price we pay. examples of genres that we buy:  rock, pop, funk, soul, reggae, electronic, jazz, hip-hop, folk, blues, latin, disco, house, synth-pop, r&b, rhythm & blues, rock n’ roll, rockabilly, roots reggae, dancehall, dub reggae, new wave, jazz-funk, garage, prog rock, indie, lovers rock, drum n bass, jungle, breakbeat, techno, psychedelic, beat, soundtracks, fusion, rap, hardcore, punk, boogie, trance, heavy metal, ambient, ska, soca. 

what formats do you buy?we concentrate on vinyl records – lps (albums), 12” singles and 7” singles (45s).   we sometimes buy cds, cassette tapes and music dvds (sorry, no film/tv dvds) as part of a larger collection that includes vinyl.  we’re open to buying cd collections that are specialist genres such as soul, reggae, punk, heavy metal.  unfortunately we can’t buy 78 rpm gramophone records as they are virtually impossible to sell. 

can i bring my records to the shop?yes, absolutely!  we have an area for unloading vehicles at the back of our shop so you don’t have to pay for parking in the high street, and we’re walking distance from the train station in upminster, essex.

can you come to my house / garage / self-storage centre to collect the records?yes we can.  we have a company van and we’re willing to travel anywhere in the uk for the right record collection.  if you have mobility issues we can get an able-bodied member of staff to remove the records from a loft or other area with poor accessibility.

how do you pay for the records?we can pay by cash or bank transfer, whichever you’d prefer.

do you buy entire collections or just cherry-pick the best stuff?we only ever buy entire collections as that’s what people tend to prefer.  that way you get rid of everything in one go. 

how much do you pay for the records?it’s impossible to value the records without looking at them in person as we need to take collectability and condition into consideration.  we value collections according to how much we can sell the records for and like to think that we offer fair prices.  we don’t just buy records for a flat rate per unit as every collection needs to be valued on its individual merits.  the more your records are worth, the more we’ll pay you.

how does the process of selling my record collection work?once you’ve contacted us with details of your record collection (genres, formats, quantity, location) then we may ask you for photos to be sent via whatsapp or e-mail.  if you’re not confident in using a computer or smartphone then this isn’t essential, we’ll just need a more detailed description of the collection over the phone.  if you’ve already made a list of every record then you’re welcome to send this to us, but again it isn’t essential and we realise that making these lists is tedious and time-consuming!  once we’ve established the nature of the collection then you can bring the records to us, or we’ll come to you, depending on the circumstances.  we’ll agree on a price and buy the records from you.


what services do you provide?selling records and cds, buying record collections, mail order sales (telephone, e-mail, web), collect in store, selling vintage record boxes / crates / dj boxes / record bags. 

where do you ship to?every country in the world!  apologies, we’re temporarily unable to ship to ukraine and russia.  we are experienced at shipping large quantities of records to bulk buyers and we offer very competitive postage rates worldwide.

how many records do you have in store?at least 100,000, including stock that isn’t listed anywhere online.  all stock is kept onsite. 

can i collect my order in store?yes, but please give us notice and let us know when you’re planning to collect, to give us time to find your items as we have over 100,000 records to search through!

do you buy audio equipment?we occasionally buy and sell technics turntables but apart from that we don’t usually deal with audio equipment. 

how long have you been in business?we have been a bricks-and-mortar record store in upminster high street and buying record collections for over 30 years. we are a well-respected shop where everything is done above board and in a professional manner. 

where have i seen your shop before?our shop has been used as a filming location for an audible advert, the tv shows my mad fat diary and come dine with me, a fabric nightclub youtube video, and a bbc news segment on trojan records.
buy recordsvisit our shop to buy recordsthe crazy beat shop is a long-established and much-loved icon of upminster high street, and one of only a handful of traditional record shops remaining in essex. as well as having over 100,000 items on our online store, we have over 10,000 to browse in the shop that aren’t available online.  we pride ourselves on being a prime location for diggers, with a large selection of bargain bins, crates of £1 12” singles, and “new in” boxes of 45s.listening posts are available and our team of friendly and knowledgeable staff are on hand to assist you with finding whatever you’re into.  the bulk of the shop stock is hardcore, drum n bass, uk garage, boogie, house, soul, hip hop and reggae, but if you ask at the counter we can locate anything you’re looking for.  we don’t discriminate, we stock every genre of music from showtunes to jungle to psychedelic to death metal!if you’re an old-school dj who still spins vinyl, or you’re new to the djing game and are looking to build up a collection, then you’ll definitely find something in our racks!parking is available close by, we’re walking distance from upminster station (linking to london via the district line, and essex via the c2c line) and a short drive from the m25 (junction 29, a127). browse our online storecontact usrequire more information about our services or records? contact us directly on the form or details below and a member of our team will be happy to assist you.email : sales@crazybeat.co.uktel : 01708 228678visit uscrazy beat records87 corbets tey roadupminsteressexrm14 2ahrequire more information about our services or records? contact us directly on the form or details below and a member of our team will be happy to assist you.email : sales@crazybeat.co.uktel : 01708 228678

contact formnameemailphone/mobilelocationyour messagesubmit enquiry 

contact usemailsales@crazybeat.co.ukcall+44 (0)1708 228678visit our facebookvisit our instagramvisit our twittervisit us87 corbets tey road,upminster,essex,rm14 2ah,englandget directionsopening timesmonday - friday10:00am - 6:00pmsaturday10:00am - 5:00pmsunday - *closed*© copyright 2023 crazy beat records. all rights reserved. created & managed by space rocket digital 





checkphone-squareangle-rightangle-upangle-downquestion-circle-o







linkedin





facebook



pinterest



youtube



rss



twitter



instagram





facebook-blank



rss-blank



linkedin-blank



pinterest



youtube



twitter



instagram




















 




