






home - save the river® upper st. lawrence riverkeeper®
































































































 
















 
 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footersave the river® upper st. lawrence riverkeeper®save the river is a non-profit, member-based environmental organization whose mission is to preserve and protect the ecological integrity of the upper st. lawrence river through advocacy, education and research.about us

our mission & history
staff
current job openings
board of directors
sponsors and partners
riverkeeper
join our mailing list
contact


the river

current river conditions
river facts
st. lawrence river ecosystem
water levels
advocacy


education

in the schools
on the water
riverkeeper monitoring program
learning resources for home and school


programs

beach watch
common tern project
shoal marking
trash free river
all programs


get involved

membership
make a donation
take action
volunteer
file a report


news & events

join our mailing list
latest news
winter environmental conference
calendar photo contest
river watch


shop

cart


search this website







preserve
protect
restore 













learn more

















donate

































upper st. lawrence river 













more about the st. lawrence river

















current river conditions











save the river is the leading grassroots advocacy group working to protect the upper st. lawrence river. we take active roles in river policy issues, conduct outreach campaigns, and monitor water quality and wildlife.the st. lawrence river is the third longest river in north america and is the outflow for the great lakes system. it  flows 744 miles from lake ontario into the world’s largest estuary, the gulf of the st. lawrence.  









 


 

 



















watch the 



36th annual winter environmental conference 








 















save blind bay 2: the fight continues 



now available on youtube! 















 








blind bay continues to be the primary site for an industrial-scale customs and border protection facility. in the last year, the save blind bay campaign saw incredible progress, including cbp’s first open houses with public comment and an unprecedented reversal on cbp’s original decision to rule-out the cloverleaf property. 
this video was produced for save the river upper st. lawrence riverkeeper by emma josephine french. 
copyright 2025 save the river upper st. lawrence riverkeeper. all rights reserved.
 














2025-2026 calendar photo contest 

















































we’re looking for pictures of the st. lawrence river for our annual calendar! submit a photos today for the chance to be featured in the 2025-2026 edition. the winning photographers will also receive a free copy of the calendar.
 

















submit a photo


















save blind bay: interview with dr. john farrell 








 












learn about why save the river and the thousand islands land trust are fighting to save blind bay from experts like dr. john farrell of the thousand islands biological station on governors island.   






















latest news 







latest news



				current state and national bills to watch for the upper st. lawrence river			


several bills moving through the ny state senate, assembly, and us congress need your support! here’s the current list we have our eye on: nys



			read more »		




			february 10, 2025		






education resources



				happy world wetlands day			


february 2nd marks world wetland day, an internationally recognized holiday to celebrate the protection and restoration of wetlands around the world. here on the st.



			read more »		




			february 2, 2025		






latest news



				celebrating the 36th annual winter environmental conference			


save the river would like to thank the attendees, volunteers, sponsors, and tabling-partners for attending the 36th annual winter environmental conference. with over 140 people



			read more »		




			january 31, 2025		






latest news



				36th annual wec speakers: britney bourdages & matt windle			


announcing our final winter environmental conference co-speakers: britney bourdages & matt windle britney and matt will talk about the 10 year anniversary of the fins



			read more »		




			january 16, 2025		






latest news



				36th annual wec speaker: dr. john farrell			


announcing our next winter environmental conference speaker: dr. john farrell we are thrilled to welcome back dr. farrell to discuss his research of northern pike



			read more »		




			january 16, 2025		






latest news



				36th annual wec speaker: dr. kate cleary			


announcing our next winter environmental conference speaker: dr. kate cleary dr. cleary will discuss efforts by the algonquin to adirondacks collaborative to improve connectivity for



			read more »		




			january 15, 2025		





 




load more










 save the river is a 501(c)3 and was designated the upper st. lawrence riverkeeper in 2004 and is a member of the international waterkeeper alliance. the waterkeeper alliance is the world’s fastest growing environmental movement, with more than 300+ local waterkeepers patrolling rivers, lakes and coastal waterways on 6 continents.


footer join our email listsign up to get the latest on save the river news, events, programs and so much more!

facebookflickrinstagramlinkedintwitteryoutube
contact us
409 riverside drive
clayton, ny 13624
info@savetheriver.org
(315) 686-2010


 
























































