









bookstore – dynamic inspiration from bobby simpson
































skip to content





home
bobby simpson
inside the book
contact
 




dynamic inspiration from bobby simpson
★  ★  ★  ★  ★
“bobby simpson has a way of truly understanding the person. his thoughts for tuesday help expand anyone.”
– jessica mendoza








order today.


buy from amazon


contact us?



imagine winning your personal gold medal in wisdom?

you rise to the platform, proudly accept the ribbon and medal placed around your neck, receive the bouquet, and beam a huge smile as your national anthem is played.



in thoughts for tuesday, bobby simpson helps you discover and apply the inspirational wisdom that god makes available to each of us.
begin your own exciting journey today, growing in wisdom as you let thoughts for tuesday guide you to gold!  
enjoy 260 quick-read lessons and become wiser as you:



prepare paths for people and people for paths   
discover joy in small moments that have a big impact  
overcome obstacles through encouragement and kindness 
learn to communicate through the language of the listener 
explore lessons that we can learn from those who finish last




buy from amazon
read a preview 












what readers have to say








“bobby is a master teacher, motivator and one heck of a human being that understands the importance of family, faith and the process that leads to successful performance.”
-mike candrea, u.s.a. olympic gold medal coach







“thoughts for tuesday help expand anyone around the game’s knowledge of all that encompasses a great athlete, coach, clinician, or person and i am excited he will have the opportunity to continue to reach even more.”
– jessica mendoza, first female analyst for nationally televised major league baseball







“sometimes his messages come just in time and lift me up or remind me of valuable life lessons i can apply immediately.”
-megan m. buning, phd, c.m.p.c.; faculty,  florida state university







“please keep the great thought-provoking emails coming from higher ground. i honestly look forward to opening my inbox to find your words of wisdom each tuesday and i often use them in my team meetings at work.”
-lawton bassett, president of ameris bank









    © 2025












we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.okno
you can revoke your consent any time using the revoke consent button.revoke consent





