












jensen accessories |
























 









navigation menu



home
about us
privacy policy
terms and conditions
contact us
 
 
 
 






february 26, 2021
advantages of having a walk-in tub 



as we get older, a lot of things tend to change and personal care is one of these things that usually become harder for people. perhaps you may have limitations, making it difficult to shower. however, accessing in and out of a typical bathtub comes with its particular dangers as well. rather than increasing the possibility of being injured each time you have to deal with your personal hygiene, why don’t you consider having a walk-in tub? below are some of the great advantages it can provide for people regardless of age.  
 
increase your home value 
once you live in a place where there are plenty of people who are already or about to reach the retirement age, then installing walk in tubs las vegas can be one of the bestselling features you can exhibit for your house. such tubs usually need to be professionally installed. so, if a homebuyer is checking out on 2 homes—one with a traditional bath and one with already installed bathtub—the latter will have an edge over the other one increasing your home value.  
keep up your independence 
maintaining personal hygiene is important for good health. however, since bathtubs exhibit difficulties to get in and out and showers get more hazardous, you may be concerned about your capability to live on your own. a walk-in bathtub may be the key to your issue since it lets you live in your own house longer without needing assistance with your personal hygiene from family members or home care. 
hydrotherapy jets 
a lot of designs of walk-in tubs consist of relaxing hydrotherapy jets that provide you a spa-like experience right at your own comfort in your home. you can set such jets at a higher or lower level to massage and soothe sore joints and muscles. it is definitely a greater unit compared to an old-style hot tub since there’s no requirement to go outside and use it, it’s almost maintenance or upkeep-free, and there’s no chlorine. you get to enjoy your bathtub whenever you want. usually, such a feature is what makes this walk-in tub appealing even for younger individuals who do not want the mobility perks.  
safer personal hygiene 
any person with disability or mobility problems can appreciate the perks of a walk-in tub. such tubs are intended with swinging doors. hence, there’s not the tall threshold that you need to clear with your legs just to get inside. moreover, the seat’s height is commonly comfortable that it enables you to easily stand up as soon as you’re done bathing. apart from that, they are armed with safety features like handrails and anti-slip flooring to help maintain your balance while being comfortable as you take a seat, which helps avoid pain and aches. 
if you want more information about walk-in tubs in general, you can reach out to the experts from our company or you can check our website for more informative articles about random topics that you will surely enjoy and learn a lot from. 
  

read more
 
 
 





 





december 3, 2020
why is snow removal important for safety?



the winter season may bring excitement to us by thinking of making snowballs and snowman outside our house. however, the season gives so much discomfort and inconvenience to most homeowners. frozen yards, frozen garden, frozen garage, frozen roads, and the freezing environment will surely give headaches and problems to us, especially when we go to work every day. we will worry about our safety and health during the winter season where snows are all over our place. roads are slippery as the temperature decreases, and there are possibilities that our cars malfunctioned due to the season. the only option to ensure our safety during the winter season is the removal of snow in our place, and the best company that is an expert in snow removal is the snow removal in airdrie.

have you thought of leaving the snow alone in your backyard during the winter season? have you thought of snow will eventually disappear alone as time passed by without harming you and your family? if yes, then you should think twice since you are risking not just your safety during the winter season but also your family`s.
there are different reasons why snow removal is essential for safety purposes during the winter season. it includes the following:
safety
safety is the most significant reason why we should remove snow in your backyard, lawns, garage, and road. as we all know, the snow will melt gradually, making our place slippery and not safe for walking, running, and driving. furthermore, if you plan on removing the snow alone without seeking help from experts and professionals in this field of work, then you should think again and again. according to the american academy of orthopaedic surgeons, the percentage of people that get injured during the winter season increases rapidly. the main reason why this situation happens is shoveling the snow alone but does not have the proper tools and equipment to do the job. to avoid this kind of situation, hiring our company is the best thing to do to ensure safety and to keep you away from any possible harm and danger.
convenience
snow removal is essential to avoid inconvenience during the winter season. going out for work, traveling with the snow all over your place will surely make everything hard for us, especially for our siblings who go out for school. they will worry not just about the cold and freezing environment but also about their safety. snow removal will also give you peace of mind in driving your car during the winter season.
accident-free environment
snow removal is to ensure that there are no accidents and injuries that might happen during the winter season. it will promote an accident-free environment, especially when your family goes out for unwinding and bonding.
avoids charges
some places implemented rules that the removal of snow in your property is a must, and if in any cases you will not do so, you will face charges. do not wait to spend money to pay charges for not following the rules in your community.
furthermore, hiring our company for snow removal on your property is the best thing to do. we have experts and professionals in this field f work. we also have the proper tools and equipment to make everything convenient and easy for you!
  

read more
 
 
 





 





october 2, 2020
selling your business in easy steps



when the time comes that you have accomplished the difficult work to make and construct a business, at that point you will need to be certain you get full worth when it comes time to sell. the benefit you get will rely chiefly upon the explanation behind the deal, the circumstance, and the quality of the business, however similarly as in selling a home, you can find a way to amplify the worth you get. adhere to these directions to set up your business available to be purchased, discover a purchaser and close the arrangement. you can check for those people or other companies who are or might be interested to buy your business so that you can assure of the good hands. you may want some help from the chad kimball google maps as there could be some ways to gain back the prosperity or the processes to choose what will be your next move.  

by the time confronting expected purchasers, their first inquiry will generally be ‘the reason are you selling?’ you need a smart response, to help sell your business, however to be certain you are offering to for the correct reasons. some basic reasons include: retirement; organization debates; disease; exhaust; and a craving to proceed onward to something really great here and new. potential purchasers will need to see proof of benefit and real or possible development, however at any rate, they will need to know the exact condition of your money and the overall finances. it is ideal to audit the accompanying materials with a bookkeeper so that you can assure of everything and there won’t be any unreasonable problems that may arise here. before you choose to sell, you will need to gauge the estimation of your business to choose if it is justified, despite all the trouble. when you have chosen to sell, you will need to have an appraiser do a business valuation, as this will permit you to build up a sound asking cost. 
selling a business, yourself sets aside cash by dodging a dealer commission, however includes a ton of work and may not bring about the most noteworthy conceivable deal cost. as when selling your house or your apartment home, consider employing an operator: a business representative for organizations with yearly income under $5 million or a mergers and acquisitions authority. if you are going to check things, then you need to consider that the seller must be serios about what she is doing as you don’t want to waste your time here.  
it is nice to give the buyer the reason on why you are selling this company or business so that it would give you the chance to make them feel that there is nothing wrong here. others would think that it is very suspicious to see actions like this. if they want to negotiate the price, then you may want to consider this one as they might have a good offer to you or you can accept the price that they want.  
 
  

read more
 
 
 





 




 


recent posts


advantages of having a walk-in tub 


why is snow removal important for safety?


selling your business in easy steps


  

search for:



 recent comments  jensen accessoriesadvantages of having a walk-in tub why is snow removal important for safety?selling your business in easy steps archives

february 2021
december 2020
october 2020

 categories

business

mobility solutions

snow removal services


   
 











