




 polaris partners
































 



polaris innovation fund
polaris growth fund
limited partners
 

portfolio
team
about
 














trusted




"the polaris team not only creates great companies that change the world, but they go out of their way to treat everyone fairly—founders, employees and other investors. it's been a privilege to work with them."


trusted


dr. bob langer
co-founder of 20+ polaris-backed companies






entrepreneurial 




“the polaris team has engaged with august bio as a true extension of our own team. the perspective, insight, and experience that they bring has materially contributed to our mission to serve as indispensable partners to our customers, and to unlock the full potential in every pharmaceutical development and manufacturing program that we undertake.”


entrepreneurial 


jenn adams
ceo, august biosciences






innovative




"the extensive experience with venture creation and company building, and their track record of successful exits, makes polaris the partner-of-choice for first time and repeat entrepreneurs alike. it is a real honor to work alongside this team."


innovative


jo viney
ceo, seismic therapeutic






experienced




"polaris epitomizes what we need from an investor. they push us to be better. they coach and advise using their broad experience. they partner to create ideas. they connect us to other people and technologies to accelerate our growth. it is deep engagement and support."


experienced


ameet nathwani
dewpoint therapeutics






collaborative




"polaris has played a fundamental role in supporting our mission to create modern solutions to teen mental health. the exceptional counsel and unwavering commitment from the team has been integral to our continued growth."


collaborative


nicoletta tessler
ceo, beme health






connected




"polaris has offered us extensive knowledge, perspective, and expertise in innovative life sciences development, clinical rigor, and consumer adoption – all at once. no one understands baby nutrition better than the polaris team, who have been invaluable to us as we work to improve and disrupt that industry.” 



connected


ron belldegrun and mia funt
co-founders, byheart








our approach: what we do well, we do together

great companies are built upon a foundation of real partnership. 



our portfolio: backing transformational companies

for more than two decades, we have collaborated with talented biotech and healthcare entrepreneurs as they build transformational companies






























portfolio




our team: true partners

we are board members, entrepreneurs, scientists, and operators. over the course of our 
careers, we have helped shape transformative companies—from both sides of the table.










the team



the latest: news and headlines

the latest on our entrepreneurs, companies, and partners.



 02/12/25 by 50 states today 
pathai and rede d’or announce strategic partnership to bring ai-powered pathology solutions to brazil
 02/04/25 by associated press 
auron therapeutics announces fda clearance to initiate clinical development of autx-703 and completion of series b financing
 02/03/25 by tipranks 
tectonic therapeutic secures $185 million in pipe deal
 
all news







 



boston


new york


san francisco




email us
linkedin
terms of use & privacy policy
important disclosures
 










