


index





 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close


welcome to
 room mom heaven
come in and enjoy the 


 

finally.... a place for room moms all over the world to come to-gether to get and give information and ideas on party themes, favors, food and lots more. i created this site after 4 years of searching the net and finding nothing for room moms. here, all the information you will need is in one place. so have fun and check out our parties. this site was created september 9 1999 and was last updated august 15,2001.




spot light sites!here are three great places to find those cute party favors and just the right extras for any party. you can even have them send you a catalog. log on and check it out.
 

balloon and novelty

oriental trading

for those theme parties…
1-800-party shop

want to know how to make balloon animals?
 

trust in the lord with all your heart; and lean not unto your own understanding. in all thy (your) ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct thy (your) paths.  proverbs 3: 5,6


 


  look what's new??

    attention!    i now have all of the pages back up and running. it has been sometime sence i have been able to work on my site, but i am now back at trying to get it updated and going again.  i have a new e-mail address so send in your ideas and i will post them soon. thanks :)




 


hey my site has won some awards!
don't forget to check it out at the bottom of this page.
 
check out our new parties


 
mail bag new!!!you asked for it!  i live in watford, hertfordshire..
about 9 miles north of london.  i'm having a halloween
party for my 3 kids and their friends this year.  i'm
using crackers as a party favor.  they are
traditionally used at christmas, but in recent years
have become quite popular for weddings and other
parties.  my crackers will have plastic spiders, a
halloween joke, and some candy.  i bought a "make your
own crackers kit" from a local craft store, but you
can download templates off the net if you can't get the kits!
kim p.
watford, england
 




halloween

in here you will find every thing you need for the spookiest parties. 




thanksgiving

this party page is small but it has some neat ideas. if you have a great thanksgiving idea, send it in.




christmas

here is a great place to get ideas for your next christmas party.




valentines day

this holiday has always been for those in love. we think that friend- ship can also be apart of this day.




happy easter

it is here! easter is open and you have got to check it all out. let us know what you think. 




end of the year & theme parties

on these party pages will find themes for your end of the year parties as well as themes for birthday parties.




happy birthday


new!!! check out the great birthday parties on this page. i have even added a page with some great cupcake ideas with pictures. 



room mom message board


this is a great place for roommoms to get together and share ideas and ask questions.



 
hey i am always looking for new ideas so send them on in and i will post them as soon as i can. thanks!














