


techsoc.com - technology and society, incorporated




































techsoc.com





				home
			



				about
			



				blog
			



				contact
			















breaking down barriers.

















welcome to technology and society






 
personal advancement takes effort, so those of us with means to help should not miss a chance to do so. technology and society, the home of author and speaker curtis frye, offers resources for development at the individual and corporate levels.​*links to and mentions of external resources are for identification purposes only and do not imply endorsement.
 

 
















 

 








online training courses
​curt develops and records online training courses for linkedin learning. he has authored more than 100 courses for linkedin learning on business software, data analysis, and supply chain.​ he also creates excel-related movies for his youtube channel that are available to all at no charge.
books
as the sole or lead author of more than 40 books, most recently microsoft excel step by step (office 2021 and microsoft 365) for microsoft press, curt has created useful and informative resources for learners who want to enhance their computer and business analysis skills.​
 
keynote presentations
curt has presented his improspectives® techniques for business and government audiences throughout the u.s. built from his 20+ years of experience as a professional improvisational comedian and entrepreneur, his approach emphasizes flexibility without sacrificing serious analysis.
ongoing thoughts
the techsoc.com blog will capture curt's thoughts on the relationship between technology and society in addition to providing links to useful resources, many of which will be available at no charge.
 













powerful knowledge. no boundaries.

















 

 

 

 

 

 









 

 



technology and society, incorporated © 2023







    				home
    			



    				about
    			



    				blog
    			



    				contact
    			









