





chihuahua care handbook - the ultimate chihuahua guide
















stop 
            wasting your precious time scouring the web for trinkets of chihuahua 
            care information...
                  instantly discover how this 40 page downloadable book can help save you time and put your mind at ease.



"at last...the ultimate guide totaking care of your chihuahua
                    has finally arrived!"

 immediately 
            learn the best kept secrets to proper chihuahua care in
 the comfort of your own home, at your own pace.
 discover simple health tips that could potentially save your chihuahua's
 life in an emergency (a must have for any chihuahua owner)!
it also contains valuable information for new chihuahua buyers and breeders.




from the desk of michael j. warren
print 
            this page  


dear fellow dog lover,let me tell you a quick story about my first chihuahua encounter...
  ever since my grandparents brought home this adorable animal from their vet, i wanted to learn more about this amazing dog breed. i couldn't believe just how small it was at first! yet, i quickly discovered that chihuahuas are very alert, intelligent, and caring. they make great companions, too!
  but i also learned that chihuahuas are very unique from other dog breeds -- and usually require extra special attention from their owners. while they are wonderful pets and bring a great deal of joy to everyone around them, they need a good home and deserve proper care (their well-being depends on it).
            so i went out and did some research. i was shocked to learn 
            that hoards of people were adopting chihuahuas left and right 
            -- all because they saw one on tv or in a movie. they thought they 
            were "cute" or "cuddly" and ignored the fact that 
            they had little or no experience of how to raise or care for 
            a chihuahua the right way.

  after spending years with my grandparents' chihuahua, studying its behavior and habits, and talking to other prominent chihuahua owners and breeders, i decided to write a simple-to-understand downloadable book that would cover all the main aspects of correct chihuahua care. everything as simple as good nail grooming techniques to the very origin and history of the chihuahua is included in my comprehensive guide.
                that book is called "the ultimate chihuahua care handbook" and is the reason why i started this site -- to help both new and old chihuahua owners alike with the never-ending task of taking care of what's most important... your chihuahua's happiness and well-being.
who else wants a chihuahua that's
      happy, healthy, and full of life?
            i know i do -- and i'm sure you do, too! and that's 
            exactly what you'll be getting when you read my easy-to-understand 
            ebook and follow the great advice it contains. whether your 
            chihuahua is a young puppy or a mature adult, whether 
            you've owned a chihuahua all your life or picked one up just 
            today -- you'll turn into a chihuahua expert in no time, 
            thanks to this quick, fun, and easy handbook!
here are just a few examples of the many things you'll learn with this incredible book:
 find out where chihuahuas come from -- uncover their history and ancient origins (page 6)
 when and at what temperatures you should never walk your chihuahua outdoors (page 7)
 an extremely detailed description of a standard chihuahua's physique, and the things that
 will disqualify it at dog shows (pages 7 and 8)
 the two types of coats chihuahuas have, what they look like, and which one sheds the least (page 9)
 temperament and behavioral characteristics of the average chihuahua as well as the
 importance of proper socialization at an early age (pages 10-12)
"the 
                    book was excellent. i really enjoyed reading it. i previously 
                    owned a chihuahua and i will be getting another one next month 
                    and i learned so many new things about these beautiful little 
                    animals."j. ramirez, usa
 the amount of space and exercise a chihuahua really needs. the answer may surprise you! (page 13)
 chihuahua 
            care bathing tips -- when to bathe, which areas you should avoid getting 
            wet, and how
 to keep your chi warm (also on page 13)
 the dangers of using a collar and leash vs. a body harness when exercising with or walking your
 chihuahua (page 14)
 an example feeding schedule for chihuahua puppies, how to tell when your dog needs to go
 on a diet, and what things you must never feed it (pages 14 and 15)
 grooming tips, which include: eye care, nail clipping tricks of the trade, and more! (pages 16 and 17)

"i can't believe how you've perfectly captured the behavior and characteristics of the chihuahua. it helped explain all the silly and amusing behaviors of my little chimi. 
				  your appreciation for the difficulties in raising chihuahuas and attempt to ameliorate the experience is admirable and worthwhile."r. madera, usa
 massive amounts of health information that could potentially save your chihuahua's life!
 topics covered: "reverse sneezing," general vaccinations, hypoglycemia, low fatty acids,
 obesity, pre-vaccinations, slipped stifle, vaccinosis... and more! (pages 18-23)
 the type of person that makes a good chihuahua owner, the pros and cons of owning one, and how
 children get along with them (pages 24-26)
 four full pages all about housebreaking your chihuahua! learn about physical problems,
 what to do about indoor accidents, word association, differences between crate and paper
 training, etc. (pages 27-30)
 critical information you must know before breeding chihuahuas (pages 31 and 32)
 six quick facts that all chihuahua owners shouldn't be without! (page 33)
"michael, i am soooo impressed with your book! it is so well done -- excellent presentation, excellent information... you covered so many topics so thoroughly and it really sounded like you were describing my niki! 
				  i was very impressed with the information on rescues (niki is a puppy mill rescue). i thought that should be emphasized and you did it. i also like how you addressed the 'fad' issue."deida, usa
 over seven important myths and truths surrounding chihuahuas -- including their cost, how long
 they live, if they really help asthma or not, the "teacup" controversy, etc. (pages 34-37)
 how to adopt the perfect chihuahua for you or your family -- and find out about the major
 chihuahua rescue organizations (page 38)
 and that's not all... there's even more information in the book!
            by now, you can see that i've put a lot of time, effort, and energy 
            into this. almost no stone was left unturned. not only will you learn 
            the answers to the most commonly asked questions about raising 
            and taking care of a chihuahua, but you'll have a blast doing 
            it!wait! don't stop just yet...
claim these 2 unbelievable bonuses absolutely free...

                  when you decide to buy "the ultimate chihuahua care handbook," you'll receive these great bonuses absolutely free with your purchase:



 free bonus gift #1 -  "the complete chihuahua resource guide,"
 which is an excellent compliment to the chihuahua handbook. it contains
 over 60 online links, covering chihuahua rescue centers, discussion forums, online
 pet stores, and more!
 free 
                  bonus gift #2 - 
140 dog treat recipes learn how to make
 yummy dog treats, biscuits, snacks, and meals! this bonus book contains over
 80 
                  pages and 140 recipes that will be sure to make your dog's mouth 
                  water.



download 
              the books instantly! no shipping costs,
      no waiting, no hassle. period.

            that's right! you can be reading the books in the next five minutes, 
            thanks to the power of the internet. there are no shipping and handling 
            fees, you don't have to wait a week for the books to arrive, and there's 
            no need to worry about them getting lost or damaged in the mail.

            all you need to read the books is a piece of free software called 
            adobe reader. it works with nearly all computers and operating systems 
            and even let's you print the books out. don't sweat it if you aren't 
            a "techie" person -- you'll be guided step-by-step how to download 
            the books after you order.





my 8 week, 100% money back
                      refund period promise


                    yes, you read that right! if for any reason, you aren't completely 
                    satisfied with the "the ultimate chihuahua care handbook," 
                    you can request a full refund within 8 weeks. not only that, but you get to keep the bonus 
                    books ("the complete chihuahua resource guide" and 
                    the 140 dog recipes) for free for your trouble!

                    no questions asked, no nagging! this proves to you just how 
                    much i believe in the quality of my ebooks. you really do 
                    have everything to gain and nothing to lose. if these books 
                    don't save you time and contain the information i say they 
                    do, you get every penny of your money back. that's my solid 
                    promise to you, and i'm a man of my word.



what are you waiting for? put an end to all of the fuss and worry! feel good knowing that you can better the relationship between yourself and your chihuahua. by taking better care of it, you both benefit.
            click the order button below to place a secure order for only $24.97 
            with clickbank, our payment processor -- do it right now! 
            the answer to a happier and healthier chihuahua might just be waiting 
            for you on the other side.

respectfully yours,
michael j. warren
  chihuahuacare.com
p.s. don't forget that everything 
            is backed by an 8 week refund period and your order is processed through 
            a safe, secure server. my chihuahua care books are delivered instantly in 
            a downloadable ebook format and you have eight full weeks to try 
            them out. ordering 
            is risk free!








chihuahua care | chihuahua articles | contact information | link 
              swap | site map | earn money
privacy policy 
              | terms of use | purchase agreement | affiliate agreement
copyright © 2003-2016 vast nexus. all rights reserved.








