










home - greater manchester chamber of commerce




























































 
 


















skip to content























860.646.2223









sponsored by:

































menu 
homeabout about us board of directors gmcc ambassadors gmcc internship collaborative staffmembership business referral group marketing opportunities member application member spotlight membership benefits membership login sponsorship opportunitiesevents ambassador golf annual meeting event calendar community calendar chamber women’s network series first responders and veterans appreciation luncheon event request form women’s conferencewhat’s new newsletter volunteer opportunitiesresources cbia partnership job postings sba website sba resources town of manchester calendar town news








 




















welcome to the






greater manchester chamber of commerce






largest independent chamber in connecticut














facebook





youtube





instagram


















calendar


event calendar 
 














calendar


become a member 
 
















calendar


find a member 
 














calendar


member login 
 






























greater manchester chamber of commerce, is dedicated to making manchester a better place to live, work & do business

















testimonials












 




i have always enjoyed my membership of the greater manchester chamber of commerce.  through the years, i have met many presidents, officers and volunteers that are a part of this organization.  there have been many changes over the years with a new president taking over the helm about a little over a year ago.millie texidor maffucci, the chamber’s president, has displayed a level of enthusiasm and motivation that i have never witnessed in prior years.  her dedication to our community brings us all together in such a positive and productive way.  new members are introduced to existing members and there is a great comradery in building our businesses throughout the community.  through the programs available to us, get togethers, networking opportunities and special events we are always meeting people that can help us grow our businesses. i have often heard from different companies i have worked for that the chamber doesn’t bring us any business.  i wholeheartedly disagree with that statement.  we cannot look at the chamber to hand us lucrative business.  we need to get involved with all the activities and programs they offer and develop relationships.  it is up to us what we do with that membership.  i choose to stay involved and value the friendships and relationships i have developed through being a member.  they offer the tools we need to grow our businesses; it is up to us to take advantage of them.the membership dues are a small price to pay for the rewards this organization brings.  i am proud to be a member of this chamber and would encourage those thinking about it not to hesitate and join today.  it is an invaluable opportunity and one you will not regret.

darlene lehofer, director of events
café aura








our agency belongs to several chambers and our best return on investment is definitely the greater manchester chamber of commerce. as a nonprofit, relationships with the community are necessary to fulfilling our mission and gmcc has provided the perfect opportunities for us to connect with dozens of businesses, other nonprofits and citizens who embrace us and our mission to empower people with intellectual disabilities. journey found is stronger thanks to gmcc.

tracey walker
journey found ceo








in 2020, i transitioned from a corporate career where i had a global network of colleagues but very few local connections. joining the chamber has truly been a transformative experience, helping me build a vibrant local network of business people, clients, and friends. before joining, i spoke with dan wilson, who spoke highly of the chamber and encouraged me to become a member. his sincere enthusiasm was exactly what i needed, and i have been delighted to be a member ever since.during my time here, we've started a new brg, and i’ve had the pleasure of participating in numerous events. i particularly enjoy the coffee connections, after-hours gatherings, ribbon cuttings, brg meetings, one-on-ones, annual dinners, and more. since joining, millie has brought even more energy and fun into the chamber.as a business owner, my business has grown through the relationships i have built here. more importantly, i appreciate the sense of belonging and connection i feel at every event. thank you to everyone at the chamber for making this such a wonderful and welcoming community.

marianne policastro, owner, plcs
insurance associates of central ct, llc



 

















become a member











the chamber shines a spotlight on our partners. whether it's broadcasting your latest news, showcasing your events, or advertising special deals, we're here to help our partners magnify their message to both the business community and visitors in our region.







learn more


















quick links
















upcoming events








view calendar










welcome new members!







view directory


















thank you to our 2nd annual women's conference sponsors!




















                                key bank                            












                                key4women                            












                                echn                            












                                empire industries, inc.                            












                                latinas in power                            












                                mmnt                            












                                shoprite                            












                                 arbors of hop brook logo                            












                                ion bank logo                            












                                ct state manchester logo                            












                                insurance associates of central ct, llc                            





next
previous









 












© 2025 greater manchester chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












 © 2025 greater manchester chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved. 








 
scroll to top



















