






bison witches bar & deli – the original bison located in tucson, az! | bisonwitchestucson.com














































		skip to content	



 




bison witches bar & deli
the original bison located in tucson, az! | bisonwitchestucson.com








    menu	
home
food
drinks
specials
social media
about

  
			scroll down to content		












welcome


visit the original bison witches founded in 1995 in tucson, az!
we feature gourmet deli sandwiches, bread bowl soups, salads, appetizers, and two full service bars with tableside service.
open 7 days a week!11:00am – 12:00am
located on tucson’s famous 4th avenue:326 n. 4th ave., tucson, az 85705
call for take out orders!520-740-1541












food



sandwiches
appetizers
bread bowl soups
cold salads

sandwiches
your choice of bread: white, wheat, or marble rye!pick a potato chip: regular, jalapeno, bbq or salt & vinegar!




wildcat
thin slices of roast beef and roasted turkey are covered with melted smoked gouda cheese then topped with shredded lettuce and complimented with our honey based spicy russian mustard.



jayhawk
two 4oz oven-baked chicken breasts are served topped with melted provolone cheese, tomatoes, shredded lettuce, and our house honey mustard.



green turkey
thinly sliced turkey breast is layered with avocado slices, bacon, cream cheese, sprouts, mayo, and a hint of our house salsa.



miss priss
thinly sliced turkey breast is layered with cheddar cheese, tomato slices, sprouts, and our house honey mustard.



mary ann
thin sliced ham is combined with onions, green peppers, and tomatoes, topped with melted swiss cheese and a spread of mayo.



the club
a classic sandwich which combines thin sliced ham and turkey breast, sliced tomatoes, shredded lettuce, bacon, swiss cheese, and mayo.



beef & brie
imported brie cheese is melted over the top of thinly sliced roast beef and served with tomatoes, sprouts, and our honey based spicy russian mustard.



c.a.b.
two 4oz. oven baked chicken breasts are topped with avocado slices, bacon, sprouts, and our honey based spicy russian mustard.



b.w. philly
thinly sliced roast beef is combined with green peppers, onions, spices, and topped with melted swiss cheese and a spread of mayo.



roasted turkey
thinly sliced roasted turkey is combined with sliced tomatoes, shredded lettuce, and our house honey mustard.



corned beef
lean and tender thin sliced corned beef is paired with our house chipotle whole grain mustard, topped with melted swiss cheese and is served on our bakery fresh marble rye bread.(add lettuce, tomato, or sprouts upon request.)



grinder sub
italian capicola, genoa salami, and pepperoni is topped with melted provolone and cheddar cheese and a blend of finely sliced onions, green peppers and pepperoncini, and then layered into a 10” artisan french baguette with shredded lettuce, tomatoes, mayo, yellow mustard, and a splash of herb and italian dressing.






b.l.t.
a generous stack of lightly peppered bacon, sliced tomatoes, and shredded lettuce are combined with shredded cheese, mayo, and a hint of sliced red onion.





tucson
thinly sliced roasted turkey is covered with bacon, tomatoes, shredded lettuce, cheddar cheese, and parmesan peppercorn dressing.



cally
thin sliced turkey breast, avocado slices, cream cheese, sprouts, and mayo are combined together on a toasted croissant.



beef & cheddar
roast beef is covered with melted slices of cheddar cheese and complimented with yellow mustard.



hawaiian chicken
two 4oz. oven baked chicken breasts are topped with pineapple slices, melted provolone cheese, and shredded lettuce. served with a side of bbq sauce.



reuben
thinly sliced lean corned beef is topped with sauerkraut & 1000 island, melted swiss cheese and paired with our house chipotle whole grain mustard on the bread.served on bakery fresh marble rye bread.



ham & cheese
thin sliced ham is topped with slices of melted cheddar cheese, tomatoes, shredded lettuce, and mayo.



chunky chicken or tuna
made fresh daily from: all white meat chicken breasts or albacore tuna, celery, onions, herbs, spices, and mayo.  we provide a generous portion of our salad along with shredded lettuce, tomatoes, and melted swiss cheese.(served on one of our bakery fresh breads.)



pastrami
thin sliced peppered pastrami is paired with our house chipotle whole grain mustard, topped with melted swiss cheese, and served on your choice of bread, or a 10″ artisan french baguette if requested.(add lettuce, tomato, or sprouts upon request.)



veggie
shredded lettuce, sliced tomatoes, onions, green peppers, artichoke hearts, black olives, avocado slices, sprouts, cheddar, provolone, cream cheese, plus a spread of mayo.



grilled cheese
a classic grilled cheese with lots of melted cheddar and provolone cheese and served on your choice of thin sliced grilled bread.



grilled peanut butter & jelly
your choice of creamy or crunchy peanut butter and grape or strawberry jelly. request thin sliced bread if desired!




all sandwiches are steamed, toasted, or heated in some manner!sandwiches available as a half or whole and served with a bag of chips!
appetizers



chili con queso (ccq)
homemade two cheese dip with tomatoes, onions, cilantro and jalapenos served with a side of tortilla chips.



spinach artichoke dip
a blend of white cheese, herbs, spinach, and artichoke hearts, and served with tortilla chips and a side of sour cream and salsa!



hummus(with a side of tzatziki sauce)
hummus served with rosemary focaccia bread, grape tomatoes, kalamata olives, cucumber, and feta cheese.




chips & salsa
our in house salsa is made daily with fresh veggies!



nachos:(choose a style)
chicken & cheese
chicken, lettuce, diced tomatoes, shredded cheese, ccq
chili & cheese or pork & cheese
choose chili or pork, diced tomatoes, jalapenos, shredded cheese, ccq
loaded!! chicken, chili & pork!
chicken, chili, pork, lettuce, diced tomatoes, shredded cheese,black olives, jalapenos, avocado, bacon, sour cream, ccq



bread bowl soups
(all soups served with your choice of chips)



cream of potato bacon
thick chunks of potato in a rich cream soup with savory bits of bacon.



cream of broccoli
a light and delicate cream soup loaded with bits of broccoli, cheese, and spices.



wisconsin cheese
the distinct taste of traditional cheddar cheese soup laced with bacon bits.





boston clam chowder
fresh diced clams in a new england style chowder loaded with bits of celery and chunks of potato.




chili
a thick beef base chili with onions, green peppers, tomatoes, jalapenos, spices, and just enough heat! topped with shredded cheese.



cold salads
all salads come with a side of buttered and toasted bread except the tortilla chicken salad.



side salad
romaine and spring mix lettuce, sliced tomatoes, sprouts, cucumbers and shredded cheese.



veggie salad
romaine and spring mix lettuce, sliced tomatoes, sprouts, shredded cheese, avocado, green pepper, artichoke hearts, black olives and cucumbers.



chef salad
romaine and spring mix lettuce, sliced tomatoes, sprouts, avocado, cucumbers, ham, turkey, and shredded cheese.



tortilla chicken salad
scattered tortilla chips, shredded lettuce, diced tomatoes, avocado, diced chicken breast, and shredded cheese served with sides of salsa, sour cream and ranch.



chicken caesar salad
romaine and spring mix lettuce tossed with creamy caesar dressing, parmesan cheese and topped with diced chicken.




spring salad
romaine and spring mix lettuce, grape tomatoes, roasted pepitas, chopped bacon, dried cranberries, sunflower seeds, goat cheese chunks, and a side of poppy seed dressing.



chop salad
romaine and spring mix lettuce, chopped salami, chopped capicola, chopped pepperoni, grape tomatoes, artichokes, black olives, green peppers, pepperoncini, red onion, parmesan and romano cheese.



cobb salad
romaine and spring mix lettuce, sliced egg, chopped bacon, sliced avocado, grape tomatoes, sliced chicken, and blue cheese chunks.



greek salad
romaine and spring mix lettuce, feta chunks, kalamata olives, grape tomatoes, sliced cucumber, red onion, green pepper, pepperoncini, and greek dressing.



dressings available: blue cheese, golden italian, ranch, parmesan peppercorn, 1000 island, red wine vinaigrette, herb vinaigrette, raspberry vinaigrette, fat free raspberry vinaigrette, honey dijon, caesar, poppy seed, greek











drinks



beers on tap
domestic bottles
wine
craft & import beers

beers on tap


the shop neonic
barrio vienna lager *local
kona big wave ale
dragoon ip *local


guinness *nitro
dos xx lager
cali squeeze blood orange hefe
paperback super fun hazy hop


domestic bottles


budweiser
bud light
coors
coors light


miller light
miller high life
michelob ultra
rolling rock


wine


whites
chardonnay
pinot grigio
riesling
sauvignon blanc


reds
merlot
cabernet
malbec
shiraz/syrah
rose


craft & import beers
(updated 10/01/23)


ale
4 peaks kiltlifter
4 peaks peach ale
barrio beach ale
ranch hand dad beer
ten55 golden ale
tirrito farm cerveza cobre
amber
barrio rojo
bells amber
ciders
angry orchard hard cider
blake’s mango habanero
blake’s peach party
blake’s triple jam
woodchuck amber cider
wyder’s granny smith
ipa 
barrio citrazona ipa
barrio hipsterville hazy
bells two hearted
brewdog punk ipa
brewdog hazy jane
brewdog iron maiden cold ipa
destihl tourbus ddh hazy
destihl west coast
lagunitas ipa
mother road tower station
moto sonora fog lights
paperback west coast ipa
paperback hazy ipa
pizza port swamis
shop beer co church music
stone ipa
telluride galloping juice
tirrito farms double ipa
voodoo ranger juice force
wiseacre ananda ipa
wren house spellbinder


wheat ale
blue moon
four peaks wow
golden road mango cart
golden road spicy mango cart
huss papago blueberry
tirrito farm witbier
lager/blonde
enegren helles
firestone 805
montucky cold snacks
south norte dark lager
pale ale
alesmith 394 pale
az wilderness saves water
half acre daisy cutter
sierra nevada pale ale
wren house az star
pilsner
paperback czech pils
paperback italian pils
north coast scrimshaw
porter & stout
belching beaver pb milk stout
deschutes black butte porter
founders porter
seltzers
austin cocktails assorted
calicraft pog
high noon assorted
high noon tequila assorted
long drink assorted
loyal watermelon lemonade
nutrl assorted
onda blood orange tequila
svedka assorted
topo chico strawberry/guava


sour
distihl dill pickle
founders green zebra
prairie blueberry boyfriend
prairie lemon slice
prairie rainbow sherbet
prairie slush
prairie vape tricks
imports
bohemia (mexico)
corona(mexico)
dos equis amber(mexico)
heineken(netherlands)
heineken silver(netherlands)
hoegaarden(belgium)
modelo especial(mexico)
negra modelo(mexico)
pacifico(mexico)
stella artois(belgium)
tecate (cans)(mexico)
tecate light (cans)(mexico)
n/a
brewdog punk af hoppy ale
heineken 0.0
kalibur
lagunitas hop water
lagunitas ipna













specials






1/2 sandwich & soup special
pick any one of our soups and combine itwith half of any of our fresh deli sandwiches!*you may substitute a side salad for a sandwich*you may substitute a side salad for a soup!(includes your choice of potato chips.)



dailyhappy hour

3:00pm – 7:00pm (everyday)$6.00 selectcall drinks featuring:
captain morgan* rumsballantine’s* scotchcorazon / mi campo*  tequilahigh west* bourbonbeefeater* ginsvedka* vodka
*(brand may vary depending upon inventory)





dailyspecials


monday
$1.00 off mexican bottles




tuesday
$1.00 off all drafts




wednesday
$1.00 off all bottles/cans




thursday
$1.00 off all drafts




friday
$1.00 off all wells$1.00 off micheladas$1.00 off prickly pear margaritas




saturday
$1.00 off all bottles / cans / wine$2.00 off deep eddy mules




sunday
$2.00 off select drafts$2.00 off bloody marys & mimosas















social media


visit us on instagram and facebook!
















instagram  
facebook  
google maps  
 


		proudly powered by wordpress	













































































































































































