


aum magnetic therapy products & information





 























medical research grade / negative field
magnetic therapy products for health & wellness
















home










contact us










about us










about dr philpott










magnetic therapy products










importance of polarity










magnetic therapy books










philpott research reports










magnetic mattress pads










magnetic sleep aids










aum cancer magnetics










ceramic biomagnets










flexible magnets










neodymium magnets










magnet therapy wraps










soother kits, wraps










soother flex mats










eyemasks, insoles










chair pad, multi-purpose










magnetic pet beds










coolmax sta-tight wraps










laymans info










field strength chart










alternative med links










view cart

















aum magnetic therapy products & information

magnetic therapy, negative field, north pole, magnet therapy, biomagnetic therapy, health magnets


welcome to
    arizona unipole magnetics  
#1 trusted online source for 
the doctor philpott approved polar power © 
 magnetic therapy products 




polar power  magnetic therapeutics are not just for pain
   documented research has shown that magnetic therapy may have the potential to help prevent, manage, and even reverse disease.  arizona unipole magnetics is proud to be among the few companies today that actually provide information about the little known secret of using the beneficial negative magnetic field of magnets to encourage good health and healing. 
   the unique polar power magnetic therapeutics are backed by over 23 years of fda qualified research, documented by the late william h. philpott, m.d. who is is still widely recognized as the worlds leading authority on magnetic therapy today. these wonderful products and all of his  magnetic health quarterly research reports with detailed prescribed magnetic and dietary protocols are available on our secure website for your convenience.  




 















  we accept paypal ~ the safest way to pay online!  
 
click here to shop all products listed by category
 
  arizona unipole magnetics ©   
  serving the public & health professionals worldwide since june, 2000  
    polar power© products are proudly made in the u.s.a.     
 

 
   polar power© doctor research tested and approved magnetic therapy products are the gold standard in the industry today, and come with a 30 day customer satisfaction guarantee. these are the same premium quality magnetic therapeutics that william h. philpott, m.d. prescribed in his research protocols. in 23 years of working on his fda qualified magnetic resonance therapeutic research project  doctor philpott wrote 40 "magnetic health quarterly" research reports documenting case histories, observations, and the actual protocols that were used in his clinical research for the prevention, reversal, and management of medical conditions. his magnetic therapy research reports are written for the lay person to understand and are ideal for the self-help enthusiast.
 
   we're here to help you get the right magnets the first time.  the free magnetic therapy information available on our website can help you to make a well informed decision about which magnetic therapy products are right for you, and how to get the best results using them.  we highly recommend you take advantage of this information and hope you find it helpful. 

polarity is extremely important
   the negative (north pole) and positive (south pole) magnetic energy of  magnets have been shown in clinical and laboratory research to have completely opposite effects on living biological systems. the negative/north pole magnetic field has been shown to normalize metabolic function and encourage healing, the positive/south pole magnetic field has been shown to over-stimulate and disrupt metabolic function.  please see importance of polarity for important detailed information regarding biomagnets and their effects on biological systems. 
 
   we don't sell any bi-pole or quadra-pole products, and we don't recommend their use for magnetic therapy applications because we concur with dr phipott that a mixed positive/negative magnetic field could actually be harmful. all polar power© magnet therapy products are designed to apply only the beneficial negative (north pole) magnetic field to the body, and are clearly labeled so you know you're applying the correct polarity to your body at all times.




 
aum provided magnetic therapy information links
a to z usage guide
magnetic therapy 101 for begginer's 
taking care of your therapy magnets
the importance of polarity
dr philpott 'magnetic health quarterly' outtakes 
about dr phipott's fda qualified magnetic therapy research 
magnetic therapy information links





	 




precautionary notice:
			persons with pacemaker or any electrical device implant, pregnant women, or woman who are nursing should not use therapy magnets without proper medical supervision.

disclaimer:
arizona unipole magnetics makes no claims that magnetic therapy or magnetic therapeutics cure, heal or prevent disease. all information that we provide on this website is for educational use only and is not to be construed as medical advice.

therapeutic magnets are currently classified by the fda as "benign" and "not essentially harmful". 
arizona unipole magnetics believes that prolonged exposure to bipolar magnets or the positive magnetic field may be harmful to biological systems and should not be applied to the animals or humans. to date there are no known adverse side effects associated with the use of negative field (north pole) magnetic therapy. 




 





 try polar power© magnetic therapy products for a happier healthier life! 
"i don't say magnets healed you, you say magnets healed you" dr. william h. philpott










 


  | view cart | home | contact us |
 



arizona unipole magnetics  •  p: 602-989-2858   •  34591 s. david street, black canyon city, arizona, 85324, us










privacy policy/terms of service
merchant policy

*** website updated: february 05, 2025 

all rights reserved. without prejudice ucc 1-308
:copyright: :copyclaim: may 2000~2024~current
			:arizona unipole magnetics / www.azunimags.com
			#1 trusted online source for the dr philpott designed and approved polar power magnet therapy products.






make your own website at citymax.com
















