






pin oak lane farm | pennsylvania's leading stud farm - your full-service pa connection

































 





































home
about us
news
contact us
our horses
reproductive services
racing
import/export services
faqs
links
gallery
location































maryland standardbred race fund









 celebrating our 52nd anniversary in 2025!
no other farm has been able to boast such success in both thoroughbred and standardbred racing!
pin oak lane farm is located in southern york county near new freedom, pennsylvania. it is a full service horse farm and equine veterinary center. owned and managed by william j. solomon, vmd, the farm has boarding, breeding, foaling, sales preparation and turnout facilities, import/export facilities and services, as well as specialized veterinary services. horses and ponies of all breeds are served through the veterinary practice.
pin oak lane farm offers full service reproductive services. the farm performs complete evaluation and management of broodmares including artificial insemination, embryo transfer, shipped semen, and foaling supervision. fertility evaluation and complete reproductive management of stallions is also offered by pin oak lane. 


our house is always open
we invite you to a private showing of the stallions 

everyone has a busy schedule and it is so hard to fit in one more stallion open house.  the staff at pin oak lane would like you to be able to visit the farm and see the stallions when it fits into your personal schedule.  just call the office at 717-235-4954 and we will do our best to find a time that will work for you on a day that dr. solomon will be available to meet with you and discuss your individual breeding needs.











preakness winner cloud computing moves to pin oak lane farm for 2024
classic-winning grade 1 sire cloud computing has moved to dr. william solomon’s pin oak lane farm in new freedom, pa., for the 2024 breeding season. the 9-year-old syndicated stallion will stand his first pennsylvania season for $3,500, payable when the foal stands and nurses, or discounted to $3,000 if sending two mares to any pin oak lane stallions, or $2,500 for three or more mares.cloud computing, a member of the first crop of the brilliant maclean’s music, made national news in the second leg of the triple crown when he defeated champion classic empire and kentucky derby winner always dreaming in only his fourth career start. he came into the race after breaking his maiden first-out going six furlongs at aqueduct in february, and remained on the new york path to the triple crown, finishing second in the grade 3 gotham in his second start less than a month after his debut, and was third in the grade 2 wood memorial. in a career of eight starts, he retired with earnings of $1,125,200.the bay stallion relocates from spendthrift farm in lexington, ky., where he entered stud in 2019. with two crops to race, he ranks in the top-10 among all mid-atlantic sires by 2023 progeny earnings, his runners earning in excess of $2.6 million (through dec. 7) and more than $3.6 million lifetime. his north american winners are led by super derby winner big data and i’m very busy, the latter graded stakes-placed at 2 and 3; from one crop conceived in the southern hemisphere while in chile in 2019, he is represented by mil guineas maria luisa solari f.-g1 winner zajarova and three other stakes performers. his daughter my witch asquifar was last year’s champion imported 2-year-old filly in mexico and counts wins in the clasico lea b-g1 and clasico diamante-g1.cloud computing is one of five winners out of the graded stakes-placed a.p. indy mare quick temper. his second dam, millionaire halo america (by waquoit), won the grade 1 apple blossom and eight other stakes, and also produced the storm cat colt marino marini, a million-dollar sales yearling who became a stakes winner in ireland and was grade/group 1-placed in ireland and the u.s.
____________________________________________________________________________


wicked strong has arrived at pin oak lane farm 
millionaire wicked strong is moving to dr. william solomon’s pin oak lane farm in new freedom, pa., for the 2021 season. the 9-year-old syndicated stallion, who previously stood at spendthrift farm in lexington, ky, will stand for $3,500, payable when the foal stands and nurses with multiple mare discounts of $3,000 for the breeding of 2 mares and $2,500 for 3 or more mares.
“he’s by far the leading second-crop sire in the mid-atlantic region with earnings of over $2 million,” said solomon of wicked strong, who ranks third among the region’s active sires on the general list in 2020. “and he comes with 154 2-year-olds and yearlings, so i think his chances of succeeding are good for that reason. he also has10 stakes horses in his first two crops to race. all these things make him one of the most attractive sires in the mid-atlantic.”
his most recent stakes winning juvenile is brooklyn strong, who won the $150,000 sleepy hollow stakes at belmont on oct. 24. brooklyn strong also fits among wicked strong’s stakes-placed runners, as he was third in belmont’s bertram f. bongard stakes oct. 2 in his second start.
a top-10 freshman sire nationally in 2019 by progeny earnings, wicked strong ranked second by number of winners with 26, one less than american pharoah, constitution and tapiture.  among his first crop runners, now 3, are evil lyn, winner of pimlico’s hilltop stakes earlier this month, and wicked runner, a stakes winner at 2 and 3 in puerto rico. of his 10 black-type horses, seven earned black-type at 2.
one of the top runners of his generation, wicked strong won the $1 million g1 wood memorial stakes in stakes-record time, and captured saratoga’s g2 jim dandy stakes over g1 belmont stakes winner tonalist. graded stakes-placed at 2 when third behind honor code in the g2 remsen, he was second by a nose to his stablemate v. e. day the next summer in the g1 travers stakes. he turned in strong showings in the 2014 classics, finishing fourth after a tough trip in the g1 kentucky derby, won by california chrome, and getting up to dead heat with california chrome for fourth in the g1 belmont stakes while finishing less than two lengths behind tonalist.
wicked strong competed in 14 consecutive stakes at 3 and 4, 10 of them g1. during his 4-year-old season, he had four stakes placings, including a second to tonalist in the g1 jockey club gold cup and a third behind liam’s map in the g1 woodward stakes, and concluded his 19-start career with a fourth in the g1 breeders’ cup dirt mile won by liam’s map.
he is the richest son of top sire hard spun to stand at stud, with a record of 3-4-3 for earnings of $1,994,460. wicked strong has a pedigree with strong classic lines. his winning dam moyne abbey is by kentucky derby/preakness winner charismatic, who in turn is by preakness winner summer squall.
his family is filled with graded stakes winners including two-time g1-winning millionaire student council; his dam is a half-sister to graded winners and g1-placed gulch approval and rusty slipper as well as stakes winner and graded-placed approval rating.

 
_______________________________________________________________________
lord shanakill 
g1 winner by speightstown
is himself a g1 producing sire
lord shanakill is the sire of 13 stakes horses, including most recent champion youtalktome in greece, and nine graded stakes winners.  he is not only a g1 and multiple graded stakes winner of over $900,000, but he is a g1 and multiple graded winning producing sire as well.
lord shanakill is half brother to g1 winner, together forever (ire), and he is from a family of champions, including augustin stable’s forever together, trained by jonathan sheppard to win the 2008 breeders’ cup filly and mare turf stakes.
in his first few crops, lord shanakill, along with youtalktome, has produced the g1 winner of the e750,000 prince of wales’s stakes at royal ascot, my dream boat (ire), who defeated two of the best racehorses in the world, breeders’ cup turf winner, found (ire), and the number one rated, a shin hikari (jpn).
in 2017, lord shanakill’s son, marvel hero, lowered a 12-year course record in hong kong with an impressive four and a half length win of the hk$2,500,000 class 1 happy valley vase handicap.
lord shanakill is also the sire of several graded stakes performers in europe and north america including time shanakill, g2 winner themis (ire), and graded stakes placed dark kingdom (ire), pythius (ire), great dancer (ire), miser brightside (ire) and old fox (ire).
lord shanakill, a precocious sprint turf specialist in england and france, had tremendous speed and won in distances from 6 furlongs to a mile.
his sire, speightstown, an emerging sire of sires, has been successful on both dirt and turf surfaces.
lord shanakill will stand for 2021 for $2,500 live foal with multiple mare discounts of $2,000 for the breeding of two mares, and $1,500 for three or more mares.

________________________________
captain ahab 
will stand his second season in 2021












view lord shanakill’s original promotional video:







december 1, 2017
the outstanding g1 winning speightstown son, lord shanakill, is a winner of over $908,000. lord shanakill is a horse that had tremendous speed and is a half brother to g1 winner, together forever, and from a family of many champions.  lord shanakill has already sired g1 millionaire, my dream boat, winner of the g1 prince of wales’s stakes and several other graded stakes.  in winning the prince of wales’s, he defeated two of the highest ranked horses in the world, found and a shin hikari.  he has also sired marvel hero, stakes winner and track record holder in hong kong.  lord shanakill has a record and pedigree to produce top class horses on both dirt and turf.  he himself was a class sprinter.

march 24, 2017
marvel hero wins the happy valley vase handicap
pin oak lane’s lord shanakill (speightstown) son, marvel hero, lowered a 12-year course record for the 1800m distance with his impressive four and a half length win of the hk$2,500,000 class 1 happy valley vase handicap in 1.48.05.
this is the second exceptional son produced by lord shanakill.  g1 winner my dream boat (ire) won the 2016 prince of wales’s stakes at royal ascot defeating the world’s number one rated racehorse, a shin hikari (jpn), and breeders’ cup turf winner, found (ire).  he now has winnings approaching $1,000,000.

june 15, 2016
my dream boat wins g1 prince of wales’s
at royal ascot
pin oak lane’s lord shanakill (speightstown) sired the winner of the e750,000 g1 prince of wales’s stakes at royal ascot.  my dream boat (ire) won the 10 furlong event with a strong finish defeating the world’s number one rated racehorse, a shin hikari (jpn), and breeders’ cup turf winner, found (ire). my dream boat (ire), with earnings of over $800,000 and multiple graded wins, moves to the elite class of international racing and lord shanakill to the top tier of mid-atlantic sires.

april 22, 2016
my dream boat wins gordon richards stakes
my dream boat, four-year-old son of lord shanakill, won the 1.25 mile g3 bet365 gordon richards stakes by 1.25 lengths today at sandown defeating the favorite, last year’s winner western hymn ridden by frankie dettori.  carrying a 3 lb. penalty to the field for winning a race at this level at saint-cloud in november, my dream boat squeezed through a gap in the final furlong.  a g3 winner in france his last time out, my dream boat has won four of his last five starts.  he is trained by clive cox: “it’s a thrill to have a horse on such an upward curve and he’s a great horse to be involved with.”  his impressed jockey, adam kirby said, “he’s a very nice horse, but if he keeps improving the way he is, the sky could be the limit.”
lord shanakill was a multiple graded stakes winner in europe of over $900,000.  pin oak lane farm is pleased to have him as part of our stallion roster.  we continue to offer some of the leading stallions in the mid atlantic for the best value.

november 11, 2015
lord shanakill
will stand at pin oak lane farm in 2016
lord shanakill, one of the top first-crop sires in europe in 2014 will stand the 2016 season at dr. willam j. solomon’s pin oak lane farm in new freedom, pa.
 lord shanakill, a 9-year-old son of champion sprinter speightstown, moves from the irish national stud to pennsylvania with four stakes performers, three group/graded, from two crops of racing age. he ranked second among europe’s freshman sires by number of winners in 2014, with 16 worldwide.
his runners have amassed more than $1 million and include 2015 stakes performers my dream boat, winner of the prix perth-g3 in france; great dancer (ire), third in the hill prince stakes-g3 at belmont park; and mister brightside (ire), second in santa anita’s twilight derby-g2 in his only u.s. start.
“he’s a speightstown group 1 winner,” said solomon. “and he was a very fast horse. plus he has an outstanding pedigree for both the grass and the dirt. i think he’ll be a great fit.”
lord shanakill won the group 1 prix jean prat in france at 3 going one mile. at 2 he made eight starts in england and france and hit the board seven times, five in group company, with a victory the six-furlong mill reef stakes-g2 at newbury, and group 1 placings when second, by a nose to intense focus, in the dewhurst stakes at newmarket, and third in the prix morny at deauville. he concluded his career at age 4 with back-to-back seven-furlong stakes scores in england, culminating with the group 2 lennox stakes at goodwood. in his 18-start career he won five times and placed in seven others, for earnings of $910,021, and counted additional group 1 third-place finishes in the lockinge stakes behind champion paco boy (ire) and st. james’s palace stakes to champion mastercraftsman (ire).
lord shanakill is out of the theatrical (ire) mare green room, a half-sister to grade 1 winner spanish fern and to the dam of santa anita handicap-g1 winner and millionaire heatseeker (ire). green room also has produced group 1 winner together forever. the family includes champions al bahathri, haafhd and hasbah (ire).





november 2014 – watch our ad:
 

https://pinoaklane.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/pin-oak-lane-farm_image.mp4
 
 

monday, march 23, 2015
consider these benefits that pennsylvania offers to breeders and compare them to what maryland has to offer:
when pennsylvania bred, sired, and owned horses win a pa race, they can earn more than 100% of the purse.
with current foal crops of similar size, pennsylvania offers approximately $110 million in thoroughbred purses, nearly 3 times the purse money offered in maryland.
pennsylvania has 500 racing days at three racetracks across the state.  maryland races only 146 days with far fewer opportunities.
pennsylvania awards close to $35 million to pennsylvania breeders and owners whose pa-bred horses place first, second, or third in pa races, nearly 5 times what is available in maryland in breeders and owners awards.
in addition to 22 restricted stakes races for pa-breds totaling $1.68 million in purses, pennsylvania offers nearly 500 overnight restricted races.  maryland offers no overnight restricted races, just their stakes programs.

monday, september 22, 2014
offlee wild’s bayern cruises to track record in
pa derby
offlee wild’s bayern going wire to wire destroyed the field in the $1 million gr. 2 pennsylvania derby, easily defeating california chrome and tapiture by 5 3/4 lengths, covering the 1 1/8 mile in 1:46.96 and setting a track record, which had lasted for forty years.
the win increased offlee wild’s progeny earnings for 2014 to over $4 million, placing him second behind pin oak lane’s any given saturday in both the northeast and mid-atlantic regions.

monday, september 8, 2014
any given saturday’s cristina’s journey wins gr.2 pocahontas
any given saturday’s cristina’s journey won the $231,000 pocahontas stakes at churchill downs.  this is the fourth pin oak lane sired runner to win a “win and you’re in” breeders’ cup classic challenge series race.  the dale romans trained filly covered the 1 1/16 mile wire to wire in 1:46.37 elevating the undefeated filly to one of the favorites for the breeders’ cup juvenile fillies.
earlier, albert the great’s moonshine mullin, offlee wild’s bayern, and the late rockport harbor’s majestic harbor all received automatic bids to the breeders’ cup classic.

thursday, august 7, 2014
bayern’s haskell win is three of a kind
for pin oak lane
by frank vespe, the racing biz
the field enters the first turn in the haskell with bayern along the inside. photo by ryan denver/equi-photoin the aftermath of bayern’s eye-catching romp in yesterday’s grade 1, $1,000,000 haskell invitational at monmouth park, there were more than a few excited people.
winning trainer bob baffert and owner kaleem shah, for example, who now have a sophomore who could be a contender in any number of important races going forward.
don’t forget jockey martin garcia, who picked up the mount from the injured gary stevens.  “i knew i was on a really good horse,” he said after the race.  but this good?
you might even throw in those who wagered on the dark bay or brown colt, who took home a tidy $11.40 for each $2 win wager — not bad money on a horse whose trainer has now won half of the last 14 runnings of monmouth’s biggest race.
and then there’s dr. bill solomon, the veterinarian who stands bayern’s sire, offlee wild, at his pin oak lane farm near new freedom, pa.
“oh, my god!” a joyful solomon said by phone in the aftermath of the race.  “are you kidding?”
he, like almost everyone else, was concerned that bayern might not handle the nine-furlong distance of the haskell.  his two prior tries at similar distances — in the grade 1 arkansas derby and the slightly longer grade 1 preakness — had not ended particularly well.  but sunday was, well, a different day.
“when he got to the quarter pole, it was pretty obvious,” solomon said.  “he wasn’t stopping.”
yet solomon, who started pin oak lane in 1973, said that he didn’t scream and shout, or jump up and down, while watching the race.
“i like to act like maybe it’s happened before,” he said with a chuckle.
which, in truth, probably isn’t that difficult.  you see, it has happened before, is happening right now.
indeed, three of what used to be called “win and you’re in” races for november’s grade 1, $5,000,000 breeders’ cup classic have been contested so far this year — and, remarkably, all three have been won by horses sired by pin oak lane stallions.
in june, the suddenly very good moonshine mullin won the first of those challenge races, taking the grade 1 stephen foster at churchill downs.  moonshine mullin is a son of pin oak lane’s stallion albert the great.
two weeks after that, majestic harbor, a son of late sire rockport harbor, took the grade 1 gold cup at santa anita (formerly the hollywood gold cup).  rockport harbor was, like offlee wild, a darley-owned horse standing at pin oak lane.
and now bayern.
no wonder solomon describes himself as “very blessed.”
when offlee wild came to pin oak lane, solomon said he had an inkling something big could happen.  “he’s a physical horse that’s pretty impressive,” he said.
he also believed that offlee wild’s crop of horses that would be two-year-olds of 2013 — the crop of which bayern is a member — might be the best book he’d bred.
“i felt he had the chance to pop,” the vet said.
that approach has been central to solomon’s strategy with a number of stallions over the years.  while some breeding operations tend towards trying to make young, unproven sires into stars, solomon believes that’s difficult in the mid-atlantic.  regional stallions typically breed smaller books of lower quality mares, making it hard to get the top horses that can make a stallion.
“i like to take horses who stood at major farms and bred large, quality books,” he said.
of course, that in itself isn’t enough.  the horse also has to have demonstrated the ability to get a runner.
“as you go back a bit, this isn’t the first good horse [offlee wild] has had,” he pointed out.  among the others are eclipse champion juvenile filly she be wild.
as evening descended on pennsylvania, in the aftermath of a big day, solomon grew reflective.  he remembered friends in the industry, like darley’s charlie boden, who’d helped him out over the years, from his earliest days up to today.
if racing is a game, it’s a long game.  it takes something of a cockeyed optimist to survive, a particular, peculiar way of looking at the world.
“that’s the secret,” solomon said.  “you stay around long enough, you give yourself a chance of good things happening.”martin garcia dismounts bayern.. photo by the racing biz







frank vespe, the founder of the racing biz, has owned, bought, sold, claimed, and written about horses, in varying combinations, for a decade.



monday, july 28, 2014
pin oak lane stallions sire first three
breeders’ cup “win and you’re in”
pin oak lane stallions have sired the first three horses to be automatically eligible to the
breeders’ cup classic through the “win and you’re in” challenge series:
moonshine mullin – stephen foster (albert the great)
majestic harbor – gold cup (rockport harbor)
bayern – haskell (offlee wild)

monday, july 28, 2014
offlee wild’s bayern destroys field again
in gr.1 haskell
offlee wild’s bayern destroyed the field by 7 1/4 lengths going wire-to-wire in the gr.1 million dollar william hill haskell invitational stakes at monmouth park, a second off the stakes record.  the win followed his 7 1/2 length dominance in the gr.2 woody stephens stakes.  offlee wild’s earnings are now at $2,797,866, placing him third in the mid-atlantic behind pin oak lane sires any given saturday and the late rockport harbor.  ethan’s baby, an offlee wild 2-year-old daughter, also took the $50,000 angie c. stakes at emerald downs in a fast 1:09.29 by 6 1/4 lengths.
pin oak lane’s any given saturday had an impressive winner at saratoga as his 2-year-old filly sunday sonnet won the $83,000 maiden special by 7 1/2 lengths in the mud.  ranked number 1 in the mid-atlantic, any given saturday has now sired 83 winners and 3 graded stakes winners in 2014, the best in the eastern us.

monday, june 16, 2014
albert the great’s moonshine mullin
takes gr.1 stephen foster
albert the great’s moonshine mullin beat 5 millionaires and champion will take charge, for his fifth win a row in the $500,000 gr.1 stephen foster at churchill downs on june 14.
moonshine mullin earned a 101 beyer and a trip to the breeders’ cup classic for the effort.  he is the first horse to gain automatic entry as part of the “win and you’re in” challenge series.
albert the great has now passed $1 million in earnings for this year, giving pin oak lane sires five of the top ten places in the mid-atlantic by 2014 earnings.
pin oak lane offers attractive multiple mare discounts for late mares.  our breeding shed will remain open well into july to accommodate your needs.

sunday, june 8, 2014
offlee wild’s bayern destroys field in
$500,000 gr2 woody stephens
offlee wild’s bayern won the 7 furlong $500,000 grade 2 woody stephens by 7 1/2 lengths in 1:20.75, .58 seconds off the track record.  trained by bob baffert and ridden by gary stevens, bayern increased his earnings to $477,680.
offlee wild, with his 3rd stakes win, is now approaching $1.5 million in progeny earnings in 2014.  pin oak lane sires continue to lead with 4 of the top sires in pennsylvania and 4 of the top 6 in the mid-atlantic.
pin oak lane offers attractive multiple mare discounts for late mares.  our breeding shed will remain open well into july to accommodate your needs.

monday, may 5, 2014
albert the great son, moonshine mullin,
wins gii alysheba
on friday, may 2, moonshine mullin, sired by albert the great,  won the g2 alysheba stakes at churchill downs.
albert the great was a g1 stakes winner of over $3 million.  out of 22 starts, he won 5 graded stakes races and placed in 7 other graded stakes.
albert the great has sired 5 g1 stakes winners including nobiz like shobiz and albertus maximus. he is currently ranked 7th on the list of active  pennsylvania sires.

sunday, april 13, 2014
corinthian sired 3 winners
with  his 3 wins on sunday, corinthian now has 37 winners in 2014, second only to any given saturday in the mid-atlantic.
any given saturday, the late rockport harbor, and offlee wild lead all mid-atlantic sires in 2014.
in addition, pin oak lane sires hold 4 of the top 5 positions on the pennsylvania leading sires list and 4 of the top 6 in the mid-atlantic.

monday, march 31, 2014
any given saturday sires 2nd graded winner of 2014
any given saturday’s hey leroy won the gr.3 appleton at gulfstream saturday, two weeks after hoppertunity took the gr.2 rebel at oaklawn.
both any given saturday and offlee wild now have 10 active stakes horses each, offlee wild having 6 stakes wins and any given saturday 5 stakes wins in recent months.
pin oak lane stallions hold 4 of the top 5 places on the pennsylvania sire list and 4 of the top 6 in the eastern us.

saturday, march 8, 2014
any given saturday leads all north american 3rd crop sires
on today’s tdn “who’s hot” third crop sires list, any given saturday leads with total listings of 24, followed by hard spun and street sense.  any given saturday currently has 10 stakes horses and leads all eastern sires in 2014 progeny earnings with over $817,000.
corinthian is 8th on the tdn list of third crop sires, following bob and john and ahead of english channel.  corinthian leads all eastern sires in number of winners for 2014 and has progeny earnings in excess of $500,000.
offlee wild, sire of the sensational undefeated bayern, one of the top contenders for the triple crown, currently has 9 stakes horses, including graded stakes winners hogy and acting naughty, and the arlington-washington lassie stakes winner, she’s offlee good.
pin oak lane stallions occupy 4 of the top 5 places on the pennsylvania sires list and 4 of the 6 top in the mid-atlantic.

any given saturday and corinthian
 to stand at pin oak lane farm for the 2014 season




any given saturday


corinthian





any given saturday, g1-winning son of distorted humor and one of the best of an outstanding group of three-year-olds of his year, will move from darley in kentucky to stand at pin oak lane in new freedom, pennsylvania, beginning in 2014. the fee for the nine-year-old son of distorted humor has been set at $5,000.
in what was one of the most impressive races run in the u.s. during his sophomore season, any given saturday ran away with the g1 haskell invitational by four and one-half lengths defeating a field that included g1 winner hard spun as well as horse of the year curlin. earlier that same year, he pushed another three-year-old from that great crop, kentucky derby winner street sense, to a new track record in the g3 tampa bay derby. he then went on to defeat older horses in the g2 brooklyn handicap and also lists the g2 dwyer among his wins at three.
dr. william solomon, who also partners with darley to stand offlee wild at pin oak lane, expressed his excitement about any given saturday when he said, “any given saturday will be an outstanding addition to our farm and to the breeding industry in pennsylvania. he continues to show the ability to throw quality winners and i expect great support from breeders in our state.”
any given saturday, currently ranked sixth among north america’s leading third-crop sires with over $3.5 million in earnings, is represented by 20 stakes horses, including the undefeated princess arabella. from his first crop, she was one of the nation’s top three-year-old fillies of 2012, and a horse that prompted trainer bob baffert to say, “she’s such a freaky filly. when i led her over to the races, i never had to worry about her getting beaten, and that’s a rare feeling in this game.” although an injury cut short the kentucky oaks favorite’s career, she commanded a $725,000 purchase price at keeneland’s january sale earlier this year.
stakes-winning colt carving, also trained by baffert, won three of his first four starts, including the real quiet stakes at betfair hollywood park and placed fourth in the g1 frontrunner stakes. listed winner and 2013 graded-placed show some magic, who is heading towards the half-million mark in earnings, and del mar juvenile stakes winner dry summer, hail from a very solid second crop. and donegal racing’s winning juvenile colt smart cover, from his third crop, shows tremendous promise and is graded-placed this year.
a son of the sire-making distorted humor, any given saturday is out of the a.p. indy mare weekend in indy, also dam of graded stakes winner bohemian lady.

millionaire corinthian (pulpit – multiply, by easy goer), the best dirt miler in the world in 2007 and among the nation’s leading young sires over the past three seasons, moves from gainesway in lexington, ky., to dr. william solomon’s pin oak lane in new freedom, pa., for 2014.the 10-year-old son of pulpit, who first entered stud in 2008, stands his initial pennsylvania season for $4,000 live foal, with discounts for multiple mares. corinthian entered stud following a stellar 4-year-old campaign in which he won two of racing’s most illustrious dirt mile tests – the grade 1 metropolitan handicap at belmont and the inaugural running of the breeders’ cup dirt mile with a 119 beyer speed figure. in the latter, worth $1 million and run at monmouth park at a mile and 70 yards over a sloppy track, he flew home a six and a half-length winner over a field that included millionaires discreet cat, wanderin boy and park avenue ball.he won the time-honored met mile at the expense of that year’s eventual champion older male lawyer ron, plus additional grade 1 winners political force, latent heat and silver wagon and multimillionaire sun king.  in his first start at 4, corinthian defeated the previous year’s belmont stakes-g1 winner jazil by nine and a half lengths in a gulfstream park allowance, and followed with a score in the mile and three-sixteenths gulfstream park handicap-g2 over hesanoldsalt.  a winner each year from 2 to 4, corinthian amassed $1,267,273 from 12 starts, winning six times and placing in three others. he crossed the wire first in the fountain of youth stakes-g2 in his stakes debut but was disqualified to third behind first samurai and flashy bull.ranked fourth in the nation among freshman sires in 2011 and in the top-10 on the second- and third-crop lists, corinthian has 11 stakes horses in his first three crops, including graded stakes-placed juveniles muppet man and my corinthian, the latter third in this year’s grade 3 bashford manor. his runners have won stakes across the country, including belmont, monmouth, oaklawn and arlington park, and four of his six stakes winners won at 2. he has progeny earnings in excess of $7 million, with average earnings per starter of more than $30,000.  he is the sire of winners of over $3.2 million in 2013.a half-brother to graded winner desert hero and the dam of stakes winner crew leader (by pulpit), corinthian descends from special (his fourth dam), and is a member of the incredible family of leading sires sadler’s wells, nureyev and fairy king.  dr. solomon is looking forward to having corinthian at pin oak lane.  “we expect corinthian to be a leading sire in the midatlantic for years to come.  he has a good number of two-year-olds, yearling, and foals going forward and is an excellent breeding stallion who consistently settles over 92 percent.”








latest farm news


latest horse news





if you would like to be added to our email list, please forward your address to us at annschultz@pinoaklane.com


please call the office if you have any questions regarding the 2016 stallion roster and multiple mare stud fee reductions.




we are looking forward to 2016 with our excellent stallion roster!










 







all content © pin oak lane farm |
full service farm and equine veterinary clinic |pennsylvania's leading stud farm - your full-service pa connection |
p.o. box 129 ~ 14781 boyer road ~ new freedom, pa 17349 ~ 717.235.4954 






























