




geography - department of geography  &  the environment | csuf


























this page uses javascript to help render elements, if you have problems please enable javascript.

 
 


skip navigation





		 
	



california state university, fullerton

 


 
 


site menu
 
 
 






college of humanities and social sciences department of geography  &  the environment





main navigation
		news & events
		
		academic programs
		
		people
		
		current students
		
		prospective students
		
		alumni
		
		teaching & research facilities
		


		advising
		
		contact us
		




 




	
		 
	











message from the chair
welcome to the department of geography & the environment at california state university, fullerton! geographers study the diversity of the earth's human and physical...


more from the chair












in the field
finding your place in geography often involves getting into the field! our faculty place great importance on field- and place-based teaching and...


more from in the field












student organization
the geography club supports student success by providing fun opportunities to learn beyond the classroom and to meet others who share similar...


more from student organization












spotlight: geospatial 

technologies
the area of geospatial technologies represents a dynamic, high growth industry. explore the department of...


more from spotlight































































































this site is maintained by 
						department of geography & the environment.
last published 6/14/24
to report problems or comments with this site, please contact 
						zsalim@fullerton.edu. 
					© california state university, fullerton. all rights reserved.


web accessibility

			csuf is committed to ensuring equal accessibility to our users.  let us know about any accessibility problems you encounter using this website.
			we'll do our best to improve things and get you the information you need.
		

resources:
download adobe acrobat reader

adobe reader

download word viewer, or download excel viewer, or download powerpoint viewer

microsoft viewers


report an ati issue


accessible @ csuf




version_4.8.18




			this page uses javascript to help render elements, if you have problems please enable javascript.
		

			this page uses accordion styles which rely on javascript.  you do not have javascript enabled, some functions will be disabled.
		


