








jerri blank - tony's ''strangers with candy'' companion


























































skip to content







 





main menu




home
news
aboutmenu toggle

‘show’ off
reel pets
“yo soy betty, la fea”
amy – life
amy sedaris for president
baking amy
verliebt in berlin
betty internacional
wigfield


blank staremenu toggle

cast family
cast staff
cast students
stephen colbert
dave
david & amy sedaris
episode guide
ny times
ugly betty
tony’s rating system
when i was a girl – amy sedaris
transcript


episodesmenu toggle

favorite quotes
highlights
imaginary boyfriend
indian shows
make a calorie-free cake.
miscellany:   a flatpoint phylum
news highlights
old habits – new beginnings
retardation a celebration
the strangers with candy movie


policy
contact
 

 
 

















 







jerri blank 



tony's ''strangers with candy'' companion 












watch
















know more

























































productionthe series that took the world on a spin of laughter with its hysterical moments was aired in comedy central and envisioned by the talents such as mitch rouse, paul dinello, stephen colbert, and amy sedaris. 






know more



















cast & crewonly an ensemble of high calibre and a whole lot of effort from behind the camera can make an artwork a classic.  

















 





directorthe 3-season- long series was first aired in 1999 and was conceived by the four talented writers, 











 





writerall the episodes were written by the quartet of dinello, colbert, sedaris, and rouse.






 











 





crewpeter lauer was an integral part of the whole series apart from the four creators.  











 





plotjerrie blank, a runaway junkie, followed by the pilot had moral lessons or a particular theme. 
















newsletterget a slice of what the universe of jerrie blank has in store for you apart from what you have already witnessed. 












subscribe




















did you know?amy sedaris hinted in one her statements that jerri blank might return since she is like a rash that comes and goes.  















trivia 











amy sedaris worked as a waitress while the show was on, and the role she played was based in florrie fisher. the first two seasons were filmed in an abandoned school.  









goofs 











derrick blank is actually the half-brother of jerri and not her stepbrother, which was often teetered upon in the series.  









why jerri loves pokies 











more on slots (pokies)  pokies are some of the most popular casino games in the world. there are tens of thousands of pokie machines in the internet. they have different themes, structure, offer different bets to suit different players. which pokie machine pays the most? progressive slots may bring their winner millions of dollars, but they are difficult to hit. otherwise, a player should choose pokies with high rtp, better 99%-97%. 
















 










storyline 



theme & genres 



this comedy television series discusses the story of a woman in the late 40s attending high school as a freshman.

















star caststrangers with candy featured a line of talented artists whose charm never dies, and are expected to return.  
















 




 amy sedaris 










 




paul dinello 










 




stephen colbert 










for more info 



make a call to delve deeper into that high school’s mysteries with jerrie blank and the others.







contact



















latest from blog 















 
jerri blank’s love for gambling (online casinos)
july 14, 2020october 15, 2021
 

 

“hello, i’m jerri blank and i’m a 46-year-old high school freshman. for 32 years i was a teenage runaway. i was a boozer, a user, and a loser. my friends were dealers, cons, and 18 karat pimps. but now i’m out of jail, picking up my life exactly where i left off. i’m back in high school, living at home, and discovering all sorts of things about my body. i’m finding out that though the faces have changed, the hassles are just the same.”
that’s jerri blank, as described by jerri blank. only the notorious jerri blank could get away with describing herself in such a brutally honest and straightforward way. if anyone else were to try to stand in jerri’s shoes, not only would they feel out of place but they would make everyone around them feel incredibly uncomfortable.
but that’s what makes jerri black of strangers with candy such a memorable tv show character. blank, played by amy sedaris, starred in the american comedy show as a runaway who went back to high school as a freshman at the age of 46. each episode of the comedy central series features the main character in various amusing situations. 

“i have a love of gambling and booze…”

in the episode trail of tears in season three of strangers with candy, viewers find out even more about the quirky main character’s background. 

“i’m not adopted and i’m not an indian. it’s just a coincidence that i have a love of gambling and booze and a knack for catching syphilis” – jerri blank


image credit https://theopengamingsociety.org/nz/online-casinos/skycity/
this rather politically incorrect statement was made in the episode in which jerri believes she has discovered her native american heritage, so she decides to go to a camp. the camp is run by a counselor who gives adopted native children lessons on topics such as alcoholism and gambling. once the campers discover jerri is neither adopted nor native american, she makes her bold statement. it was one of several dozens of jerri quotes that left viewers howling with laughter.
despite the hilarity of jerri blank’s words and actions, the woman somehow found a way, each episode, to inspire us all to be better people. whether it’s because she’s so far out there and wacky that we tend to feel more “normal” and saner after each episode, or because she regularly put words together in a jarring yet somehow motivating way, we all want to do better thanks to jerri.
remarkably, many of her statements can actually be tied to her statement about loving to gamble. for example, in one of her many memorable speeches, jerri stated “if you’re gonna reach for a star, reach for the lowest one you can.” 
how does this apply to gambling? well, think about it for a moment. as badly as we all want to win the jackpot and walk away with the grand prize, it makes much more sense to start small. you are far more likely to walk away satisfied if you play games with smaller pots. try slots or even blackjack in an online casino before you head straight to the jackpots and high roller games. of course, jerri’s quote about reaching for the lowest star shouldn’t be applied to all scenarios, but you can certainly make it work for you!
another example of how jerri’s antics can help you to be a better gambler is the scene in which jerri courageously and purposefully ignored the school’s caution sign and strutted right into a sopping wet hallway floor. thanks to her frilly black boots, jerri quickly felt her feet slip out from underneath her and landed flat on her back, right in front of a hallway filled with students. that’s pretty embarrassing, right? and it could have been avoided if only jerri had paid attention to the sign.
this is an especially important lesson for anyone who enjoys gambling online: pay attention and always read the fine print. there are so many great bonuses and promotions available for players to take advantage of, but there are often several terms and conditions attached to them. if you just move right along and ignore the signs that are right there in front you, you could end up frustrated, confused, and even broke. learn from jerri and don’t let that happen to you!
although there are a lot of risks associated with gambling with real money, it’s a thrilling hobby that can often pay off greatly. it can be considered dangerous to some since you are putting real money on the line. but as jerri said, it’s “dangerously exciting” and that’s why she is such a fan of gambling herself. 
we should all strive to be more like jerri blank and follow a lifestyle that is more carefree. speak our minds and be honest, even brutally so, about who we are. if we all did that, perhaps we would have as much fun as jerri clearly does in each episode of strangers with candy.
reference:
http://skycity-online-casino.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com/

 
reviewing strangers with candy: season one
july 8, 2020july 8, 2020
 

 

when the very first episode of “strangers with candy” premiered on april 7, 1999, people did not expect a lot from the same. it took a lot of time for the show to create an effect and the first season deserves all the credit for it. apart from introducing people to its main characters, it mangoes to provide a different take into their lives. as a result, the first season of this show will always be special, and one of the best ways to remember it would be through a review.
introduction
at first, “strangers with candy” was just any other american comedy television series. but one of the significant aspects that caught people’s attention was the fact that comedy central produced it. the american channel is known for bringing out different shows that manage to create a unique form of appeal. with strangers with candy, that particular form of appeal was taken to a whole different level.
talented individuals like stephen colbert, amy sedaris, mitch rouse and paul dinelloe were the creators who took things with the right dose of humour. their intense ability to transform the show at particular stages was well appreciated by everyone around the world. taking shape through the genre of spoof comedy, the show was based on the after-school specials of the 1970s and 1980s.
﻿
cast and performance
every single aspect that the show wanted to convey was done with perfection as they brought the right people on board. to play the main lead, we have amy sedaris who was more than convincing as geraldine anontonia “jerri” blank. in order to show a few glimpses of understanding for her behaviour, they brought in the talented roberto gari to play guy blank. jerri’s alcoholic stepmother, sara blank was played by deborah rush.
but the man who gained a lot of respect from the show as none other than the creator, stephen colbert. apart from being one of the top creators, he also played chuck noblet. stephen formed a different type of appeal each moment he came on screen as the bitter history teacher at flatpoint high school. top performers like american comedian paul dinello, greg hollimon and larc spies were also part of the star cast.
the best episodes

if one has to pick some of the best moments or episodes from season one, then that list would like the following.
1. episode 1 – old habits/new beginnings
2. episode 5 – boogie nights
3. episode 6 – let freedom ring
4. episode 7 – feather in the storm
each of these episodes contributed to the main aspects of the show and made people all the more interested in the show. if we did not have these episodes and the entire season in general, then seasons two and three would have been distant realities.

 
before the creation of strangers with candy
june 18, 2020july 8, 2020
 

 

strangers with candy was not an ordinary show with a dose of humour. it was weird, cool and had all that one needed in a tv show. as a result, the spoof series went ahead to accomplish different achievements by bringing together three seasons and a movie. but has anyone looked into its history and figured about the lives of creators? well, if you haven’t we have got things ready for you. so go ahead and read it all out.
second city
second city is an improve studio in chicago that also happened to be the place where stephen colbert, paul dinello and amy sedaris met. years later, dinello and sedaris were convinced about a particular show and were eager to persuade colbert to be a part of the same. according to them, the sketch was called exit 57. the show aired for 12 episodes before comedy central decided to pull the plug.

later amy sedaris was ready with another idea which she wanted to pitch to comedy central. but at the same time, colbert and stephen were working on something that was initially the option for comedy central. however, from the moment they heard amy’s idea, things changed as they decided to go for the same and eventually dropped dinello’s and colbert’s, “mysteries of the insane unknown”.
the beginning
amy sedaris’s idea was based on after-school specials as she was inspired by different aspects while growing up. this particular concept transformed and eventually became “strangers with candy”. thanks to various elements and the level of uniqueness that the show commanded, comedy central loved the idea right away. moreover, when the show aired and passed through a couple of episodes, the channel provided them with more power over the show in order to make circle decisions.
till this day, stephen colbert is grateful for being the one to accomplish amy sedaris’s idea. the trio made quite a lot of memories by creating and starring in one of the best shows of all time. they were more than happy about all that they could eventually accomplish and had no clue how big the show would become. through time, things got a lot more interesting as they went ahead to add valuable inputs and suggestions.

censorship and character development
in the 2018 comedy issue with the title “they were weird before weird was cool”, colbert, dinello and sedaris explained different moments where they had to face censorship and how they wanted jerri blank to develop. while censorship was viewed through restrictions that did not allow them to say “filthy jew diary”, development began as they wanted jerri to do beautiful things for other people. in this manner, we were brought towards a show like “strangers with candy.”

 
bayonne high is the reel deal for ‘strangers with candy’
may 8, 2020july 8, 2020
 

 

yesterday afternoon a group of teenage boys surrounded a car in the bayonne high school parking lot and beat it senseless with baseball bats, shattering windows and denting doors.
luckily, parents of bayonne high schoolers need not worry.
the boys were actors, not juvenile delinquents, and were filming a scene for the upcoming movie “strangers with candy,” parts of which have been filmed at the high school since the students began their summer vacation.
production trailers, packed with costumes, makeup, food, and equipment for the cast and crew line the parking lot behind the school, where filming is taking place on the third floor and in various locations outside.
according to the producers’ web site, robertsdavid.com, the film is based on the comedy central series that bore the same name and aired for three years, beginning in 1999. in the film, described on the site as “a dark satire of the moralistic after-school specials,” 47-year old jerri blank, played by amy sedaris, returns to high school after three decades of life as a junkie.
sedaris, paul dinello and stephen colbert, the creators of the series, will star in the film, which they co-wrote.
“strangers with candy” has also attracted big-name talent such as matthew broderick, sarah jessica parker and philip seymour hoffman. dinello is the director.
due to contractual obligations, actors, production crew members, and school administrators would not comment on the movie.
while local residents have been kept in the dark about film details, many are excited to see a major motion picture being made in their backyard.
deborah bauer, from downtown bayonne, believes that the film could be valuable in bringing some positive and widespread attention to the city.
“it’s good publicity,” she said. “it’s great for the town to be mentioned for a project like that.”
lifelong bayonne resident tom newman said the community could benefit from the money such a project would bring the city.
“i think it’s good money for the city and also gives a whole lot of people some information about bayonne,” he said. “i just hope that if they’re using the high school, some or all of the money made can be used for education.”
some in the neighborhood, however, have remained sheltered from the buzz of celebrities and huge production trailers just around the corner.
“i didn’t even know they were making a movie,” said al, who’s lived on kennedy boulevard, near 27th street, for 20 years and declined to give his last name. “but it sounds like a good idea.”

film based on comedy central series being shot in bayonne
wednesday, july 21, 2004
by ben reed
journal staff writer
with an array of colorful science projects that came up with conclusions such as “lightning and water don’t mix!” it wasn’t hard to imagine why the science fair scene of “strangers with candy” was designed to generate more laughs than scientific accomplishment.
and producers are hoping that the motion picture – which completed its three-week-long shoot at bayonne high school yesterday – will generate plenty of them once it hits theaters, hopefully next spring.
the film is based on the comedy central series of the same name , which aired for three years, beginning in 1999, said co-producer lorena david, who collaborated with mark roberts on this project. in the film, 47-year-old former convict and junkie jerri blank, played by amy sedaris, returns to high school in an attempt to get her life started again in the right direction.
also starring in the film are matthew broderick, sarah jessica parker and philip seymour hoffman.
the movie’s school scenes included teenagers bashing a car with baseball bats and an internationally-minded physical education coach treating students to a “running of the bulls.”
according to david, the high school offered a perfect setting.
“we wanted the film to have a bigger and nicer look than the series,” she said yesterday. “with the architecture and size of the school and look of the classrooms, it looked richer while at the same time being a true high school. we’ve been really happy here and feel lucky that we were able to get the facility.”
when long days of shooting in the summer heat overwhelmed actors, the enormous school provided them with plenty of places to chill out .
“the school’s been great,” said sedaris, who co-wrote the film with the series’ creators and stars paul dinello and stephen colbert. “there’s so much space that there’s always somewhere to go when i need to get away.”
dinello is also directing the film.
sedaris has helped spearhead a film that david describes as “really funny in a stupid-smart way.”
“it’s a different type of humor that will keep the audience laughing and is new and fresh compared to other comedies,” she said.
and david says that viewers won’t need to furiously catch up on “strangers with candy” reruns to appreciate the film.
“it was written so that anyone can go see it and understand the story,” said david.
david credits the talents of sedaris, dinello and colbert for attracting the superstars the movie has on board.
“they have a great following,” she said. “many actors are enamored with their comic abilities and want to work with them.”
sedaris, in turn, has loved working with the talented and diverse cast.
“the best thing about making the movie has been the cast,” she said. “it’s been amazing to work with these people.”
bayonne high school principal rich baccarella said the school building is often courted by production companies for its look, its style of architecture and proximity to new york city.
the school has been used in recent years for the filming of “swimfan,” the 2002 picture that starred erika christensen and jesse bradford, and the short-lived “matt waters,” series starring montel williams.
television commercials, even from big-name brands like nike, are also commonly shot at the facility.
baccarella noted that the funds gained from such projects make it extremely valuable to the school.
“film shoots like this generate funds earmarked specifically for student-related activities that aren’t included in the regular school budget,” he said, noting project graduation and the senior awards banquet as examples. “from that perspective, we’re very pleased to give production companies access to the school.”
baccarella would not estimate the dollar amount the movie shoot will earn the board of education.
the city receives a $50-a-day permit fee for production, city spokesman joseph ryan said.
despite his promotion of the movie shoot for financial reasons, the high school principal also showed that he is just as vulnerable as everyone else to star power.
“it’s exciting,” he said with a smile, mentioning the presence of big-name celebrities in his own backyard. “it’s fun.”
filming for “strangers with candy” will now move to private homes in new jersey, where it will continue for a few more weeks.
 


















review us 




 






 





what impressed me the most about the series was the scintillating performances of the cast and the cute themes it put forth with every episode.




tyrone a. littlejohn
 














 







						copyright © 2020 jerriblank.com. all rights reserved.					
























