



















podiatrist in quincy, ma | foot care specialists, pc






















































 
















 (617) 479-7921 |
								quincy office
  rate us:        







menu

home
about

blog
testimonials


new patients

online registration
print registration form


appointments
treatments

laser for toenail fungus
laser for ingrown toenails
laser for foot and ankle pain
custom prescription orthotics


news
services

patient education

bunions and hammertoes
children’s foot care
custom orthotics and gait analysis
diabetic foot care and related conditions
diabetic shoe program
foot, heel,  and ankle pain
sports medicine
toenail and skin conditions
wound care


ankle pain specialist
custom orthotics specialist
diabetic foot care specialist
foot pain specialist
fungal toenails specialist
heel pain specialist
ingrown toenail specialist


contact

quincy office


 












we welcome new patients  
 request appointment 




call us: (617) 479-7921
request an appointment
  rate us:        













welcome to foot care specialists, pc
as a compassionate, caring physician who values the importance of exercise and good nutrition for maintaining head-to-toe health, marshall l. lukoff, dpm, faafs practices what he preaches, participating in a rigorous daily workout routine of biking, swimming, and pilates. dr. lukoff, of foot care specialists, pc, has dedicated his life to serving the local community through his expertise in medicine and podiatry. he continues to care for adult patients as the premier foot and ankle specialist in the area.
dr. lukoff began his career in premedical sciences at ohio wesleyan university in delaware, ohio, and went on to earn his doctorate in podiatric medicine from ohio college of podiatric medicine in cleveland, ohio (now the kent state university college of podiatric medicine). he completed his residency in podiatric medicine and foot surgery at central hospital in somerville, massachusetts. he stays current with the latest techniques and technologies in podiatry so he can offer patients the most advanced foot and ankle treatment methods available.
we consider any foot or toe infection an emergency. if you believe you have an infection, please call us immediately so we can treat it immediately.







new patients
if you have never been to a podiatrist before, you may be nervous about your upcoming visit. don’t be! millions of people see podiatrists every year for help with their feet, ankles, and lower legs.
 read more 









 heel pain 







 ingrown toenail 







 ankle pain 







 custom orthotics 







 diabetic foot care 







 foot pain 







 fungal toenails 







 warts 






about
are you looking for a foot doctor? pain and loss of function in our feet and ankles can be a huge obstacle, and we understand that getting your body back to normal is of the utmost importance to you.
 read more 






5-star google reviews
 



night and day improvement from constant heel pain for years, only getting worse the last couple years where i would be limping at the end of day. i'm a union electrician on my feet all day on hard surfaces all putting constant pressure on my feet. it's only been a couple months but with the proper insole designed specifically for my feet was a game changer. i don't have the constant pain in my heel or the side of my foot i used to have at the end of the day. if your dealing with foot pain do it right dont wait or waste your time with over counter remedies and insoles see a specialist				
  kris a.1/20/2025 


 



i struggled with plantar fasciitis and a sizeable heel spur for over a year. i first went to specialist through the atrius healthcare network, but had disappointing results. i tried everything imaginable until my physical therapist recommended dr. lukoff. after just 3 treatments, dr. lukoff and his team relieved my pain. with two rounds of cortisone shots and two pairs of custom made orthotic footbeds, i can finally walk pain free again. i highly recommend this practice. the office is clean, the staff is exceptionally friendly and i saw results in a very short period of time.				
  adam g.1/20/2025 


 



after spending my life thinking i had weak ankles and then a year of ankle pain, i went to foot care specialists. dr. lukoff measured my feet for custom orthotics. initially, i was not convinced i needed orthotics but i was willing to try anything to get rid of my ankle pain. i had already seen an orthopedic and physical therapist which helped but didn’t completely relieve the pain. i knew i had high arches but the testing results surprised me with how high my arches actually were. within two weeks of wearing orthotics, my pain was gone and after a month my balance had dramatically improved. since wearing orthotics, i have not fallen once while playing soccer, running long distance, and since i can put them in my ice skates i haven’t fallen once playing hockey. they have been life changing and the best investment i have made in my health. if you have balance issues or think you have weak ankles you should try a pair of custom orthotics. due to my constant falling, i had several concussions and now i am no longer concerned i won’t be able to continue playing sports. i also no longer fear any further brain injury. orthotics are the best investment you can make in your health.				
  juanita b.1/08/2025 


 



my name is yulanda i work as a cna , i always on my feet. i have pain in my toes ,and i was referred to dr. lukoff my visit with him was great. he is very professional and knowledgeable when it comes to your feet. i look forward to seeing him again. if you have any feet problem i recommend you see dr.luckoff he is the best. yulanda				
  errol j.1/07/2025 


 



fantastic experience, the staff is super knowledgeable and dr. lukoff was incredible. i’m 36 and my insoles were a game changed while skiing and improved my every day balance had posture. 10/10				
  mike l.12/23/2024 


 



as a nurse and always on my feet, i cannot stress to you how lucky i feel i was to find dr lukoff! since my first appt. i have steadily improved. kind, compassionate and dead on accurate with care! also- best nurses and assistants ever. fabulous care team and office 10 stars!!				
  courtney m.9/27/2024 


 



dr lukoff is the best and has alway been very good				
  henry b.9/14/2024 


 



my toes on my left foot hurts terribly for about a year before i got treatment from dr. lukoff. after 6 visits and shots, my toes were refreshed like new. he also tailored made an orthotics for my shoes. i conveniently can do my favorite zumba pain free . thank you dr. lukoff and his friendly and caring staffs.				
  helen t.9/13/2024 


 



both heels with bone spur were causing me so much pain that i could almost not walk or stand. but thank goodness foot care specialist was there to help me. now i’m up and walking. went back to my job with little or no pain. dr marshall lukoff and his team took great care of me! they were so kind understanding and knowledgeable! i highly recommend foot care specialist.				
  susan b.9/06/2024 


 



kind, compassionate and very accommodating! both my son and i have had many appointments and everyone from the staff to dr lukoff are wonderful!!				
  elizabeth d.8/15/2024 





5-star facebook reviews
 



good podiatrist diabetic shoes don’t take long to get and conveniently located				
  ian s.11/30/2021 









 



 foot care specialists, pc 
 phone:  (617) 479-7921  				| quincy office 
sitemap | accessibility | website by doctor multimedia 




  call us   message us 









skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset









