
      range bank voted 2024 best bank  - your local banking partner
    















homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.   got it thanks  
      range bank voted 2024 best bank  - your local banking partner
    fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentrange bank  toggle navigation    menuclose menu

banking


personal


personal checking

personal savings

digital banking

personal credit cards

consumer loans

deposit services team



business


business checking

business savings

business credit cards

business loans

business treasury management services

business banking team





lending


mortgages


mortgage loan services

mortgage loan rates

mortgage lending team



loans


consumer loans

business loans





trust & wealth


trust & wealth


wealth management services

trust & estate management


employer retirement plan solutions

trust & wealth management online access

trust & wealth management team



investments


range investment services

financial planning

range investment online access





contact


about


about us

meet our teams

locations

community strong

contact us



resources


manage your card

career opportunities

financial calculators

financial literacy

resources





 search close loginclose close online bankingwelcome back!log in to your account.usernamesign inforgot passwordenroll  close searchwhat can we help you find?search start site searchrange bank   financial planning
a toast to your future! start planning for tomorrow, today!
explore financial planning    pay with confidence
add your range bank debit card to your digital wallet.

discover digital wallets    mortgage
helping healthcare professionals reach their home ownership goals.

discover doctor's advantage loan play main slider/pause main slider 
locations & hours
 
find the closest branch or atm with ease.

find a location  
contact us
 
we're always happy to hear from you.

contact us  
manage your card
report a lost or stolen debit or credit card and more.
manage your card  
deposit rates
 
contact us for current deposit rates.

explore cd rates  
meet our team
 
get to know the faces behind our exceptional service.

meet our team  
calculators
 
these calculators can help you plan and budget.

explore financial calculators   range bank - your local banking partner     banks never ask that
don't fall for fraud.
learn the signs of a phishing scam so you can avoid taking the bait.

discover how to detect fraud     voted best bank and best mortgage lender
and the winner is... range bank!

we are grateful to the community for voting us both best bank and best mortgage lender. your support humbles us, and we eagerly anticipate continuing to meet the needs of our community in 2025 and beyond.
 
meet our teams    business checking
accounts that fit the way your business operates.

deposit products tailored to your current needs with the flexibility to adapt to future requirements.

explore business checking accounts    mortgage
not just a house - a home.
unlock it with a mortgage from range bank.

explore mortgages play secondary area slider/pause secondary area slider  subscribe  by signing up for our email updates, you'll stay informed about our latest financial services, exclusive offers, and community initiatives. simply provide us with your email address, and we'll ensure you receive the latest news directly to your inbox. sign up close newsletter signup subscribe 
leave me blank for email collection.

first name * (newsletter signup) last name * (newsletter signup) email address * (newsletter signup) 




enter the characters you see*



play audio 
download audio


enter the characters you hear*


audio captcha
refresh
image captcha
refresh



captcha answer


sign up there was an error submitting the form.noticethis form requires javascript be turned on for it to work. please turn on javascript and refresh the page if you would like to submit an online form. if you cannot turn on javascript, we encourage you to contact your nearest branch location. thank you.

you've been added to our list! we appreciate your interest. got it  
it's more than banking.
when you choose to bank at a local community bank, you choose to support your local community.



  my spend teen  a fee-free account for teens. the independence teens want with the control parents need.
explore my spend teen  ics and cdars  one bank. less worries.  with ics and cdars, you can access multi-million dollar fdic protection by working directly with just one bank. range bank is proud to offer ics and cdars for our customers through intrafi's network. 
learn more about ics and cdars  certificate of deposit  saving for big moments starts with small steps. 
explore our current cd rates back to the toprange bank routing # 091101950bank nmls # 408059phone # 906-226-1025

facebook

youtube

instagram

linkedin



legal


rov for appraisals

cra public file

privacy policy

terms & conditions

privacy of children disclosure

security center



quick links


forms & faq

contact us

hours & locations

investor relations

career opportunities




©  range bankmember fdicequal housing lender 




