





                  lake camanche              














a temporary closure of camanche reservoir boat launch is effective immediately by east bay municipal utility district. the closure bans all pwc including kayaks. please find the details regarding this closure here.  








            book now            







                    book north shore                  



                    book south shore                  




open main menu








                  ways to stay                  








                          ways to stay                        



                          tent camping                        



                          equestrian camping                        



                          tent cabins                        



                          rv camping                        



                          cottages                        



                          park model cottages                        



                          deluxe cabins                        



                          long-term stays                        






                  attractions                  








                          attractions                        



                          fishing                        



                          boat rentals                        



                          camp store                        



                          marina storage                        



                          party boat rentals                        






                  park events                



                  offers                



                  more                  








                          maps                        



                          jobs                        



                          faqs                        



                          review us                        



                          policies                        



                          annual pass, rate information, & day use                        



                          rv rental drop-off                        






                  contact                








facebook page






instagram page













          where family comes first        


              reserve your stay: north shore            

              reserve your stay: south shore            

              reserve boat rentals            



 


      northern ca's family-friendly destination    

lake camanche is a multi-award winning campground with year-round recreation and fishing. it has 54 miles of shoreline and 7,700 surface acres of water for all your outdoor recreational activities.
the lake features family and group camping by the lake shoreline, rental cottages, rv sites, miles of trails for hiking, lake access for boating, fishing, swimming, kayaking, as well as equestrian trails and equestrian camping.
looking for your venue space? lake camanche is also a popular for outdoor weddings, festivals, and corporate events.
come see why we were voted the best lake again!  

 



        plan your visit      










                      more info
                      



                    rv & tent camping                  













                      more info
                      



                    boating & fishing                  













                      more info
                      



                    cottages & lodges                  













                      more info
                      



                    meetings & events                  







 



        testimonials      






we love lake camanche! we come here every year with our family and friends and it never disappoints! i don’t think there is any other lake that you can have your camp site literally on the shore, and they have boat rentals!! we always rent the double decker boat and it’s awesome and such a great price. i love the slide! the staff makes it so easy to rent , it’s a breeze! they are always so friendly and helpful and have the best stuff in the store!! 




                  katie d. on google                






we love camping at camanche south shore! we rent the “samantha” boat for a day on the lake every year. the teamsat both the south and north shore are great. they are very helpful with any information you need about the lake, rentals, or new laws...we had a great day! and when we brought the boat back, the employee on the dock was very helpful in guiding us in, tying us off, and helping us find/unload all of our gear off the boat. we really appreciate the great service we get every year from the lake camanche team! 




                  sarah s. on yelp                






amazing!! we had an epic time and were first time campers at lake camanche! everything was super safe, all of the neighbors at other campsites were very respectful and the bathrooms and showers were clean. 




                  dee v. on yelp                








previous





next





 




















































































 



          fishing, boating, camping, lodging, and more at lake camanche!        







proud sponsor of calaveras humane society. 






proud sponsor of the arc (amador & calaveras) 






proud sponsor of the american cancer society 












            lake camanche          


            2000 camanche road
                        ione, ca 95640          












camanche recreation company is an authorized concessionaire of the east bay municipal utility district. 

privacy policy


terms of use


accessibility statement






stay in touch
sign up with your email to receive updates.





email address








subscribe









        © 2025 lake camanche. all rights reserved.
      





