


vintage costumers - seattle's premiere vintage costume rental : home




















rentals


policies


directions


home








open mon, wed - fri 11 am to 7 pm,saturday and sunday 11 am to 6 pmclosed tuesday

2101 colby ave.
everett, wa 98201

let's party!vintage_costumers@hotmail.com
established in 1977, vintage costumers is a rental only costume shop with a commitment to providing fine quality historical reproduction garments - most are fabricated on site - at a reasonable rate.
we also have seattle's best selection of authentic vintage clothing, uniforms, international attire and accessories from the late 1800's through the 1970's.
the costumes pictured in our gallery section represent only a small percentage of our inventory. all accessories listed are included in the rental price, but may vary due to size, availability & personal preferance.
partial costumes as well as accessories may be rented on a piece by piece basis.  this option however, may not be available on some items during the month of october, or other peak rental periods.
we are open year-round, seven days a week, with the exception of major holidays.
costume rentals may be out for up to 2 nights.  this is a courtesy offered to our customers for ease of pick-up & return (which may be done at any time during our business hours).  there is no reduced rate for shorter rental periods.
while halloween is our busiest time of year, we are called upon in all seasons to assist with - murder mystery parties, masquerade balls, mardi gras & carnevale, theme birthday, anniversary, & wedding celebrations, seasonal occations, theatrical presentations, photo shoots, school reports, & much more.
while shipping is sometimes possible, we regret that we will be unable to accomodate phone orders for events occuring the entire month of october and the first 2 weekends in november.  we apologise for any inconvenience but please understand that
it is an extremely busy time of year for us and our local customers have priority
 
 
        <%@ include file="includes/footer.inc" %>




