

accurate individual health evaluations using nutrition and whole food supplements for improved health








accurate 
      health evaluations worldwide and locally in the sedona arizona area

appointments 
        by phone or e-mail
phone: 
        1-928-639-4574
xianti@choosecra.com
www.choosecra.com 
        














index
sitemap
advanced
















search 
            engine 
            by freefind 



home
about 
        us

store
health 
        evaluations


community
site 
        map
healthy 
        living 
location 
        contact

 




accurate 
                health evaluations faq's
is 
                it possible to feel better and really see your health improve?
what 
                is contact reflex analysis?
can 
                the food you eat be slowly poisoning you?
but 
                is processed food healthy for your body?
is 
                conventional medicine is failing you?
what 
                are people eating now?
what 
                is complementary and alternative medicine (cam)?
how 
                many people use cam? 
why 
                are people using cam?
do 
                you have any testimonials?
heard 
                enough? ready to be healthy?






discover 
        how you can:

help recover 
          your health and strength with simple nutrition changes
use targeted 
          nutritional, whole food supplements to help your body begin feeling 
          better within days or weeks
improve 
          your health a step at time 
learn 
          what your body's primary imbalance is and how to address its root 
          cause
get tips 
          on boosting your immune's system's iq
find out 
          how to begin to replenish your body's needs on a cellular level

are you suffering 
        from a lack of energy? do you find yourself feeling "not normal"? 
        if you've been to doctors and aren't really getting any better...especially 
        after taking prescription medicine, then you may want to consider an 
        all natural approach to your wellness.
my name is 
        xianti (pronounced shen-tee) hoo. i am a minister, certified nutritional 
        consultant and an alternative health practitioner. for over two decades 
        now, i have helped thousands of people regain their health using advanced 
        alternative health methods to improve their life. presently, i am studying 
        as an essene apprentice to become a licensed essene healer through the 
        modern essenes. it is good and useful for me to follow my path through 
        healing modalities, ancient and modern.
and...i can 
        help you, too, by:


finding 
          the true cause of your symtoms quickly and accurately
recommending 
          easy, energy-producing changes to your eating plan
suggesting 
          targeted whole food supplements to help your body repair itself
explaining 
          the importance of whole food in your health goals
offering 
          cleansing programs to help your body eliminate toxins from your system
presenting 
          solid health information to you so you can make informed decisions 
          and choices and you can be in charge of your life and health!

is 
        it possible to feel better and really see your health improve?
when i suggest 
        a change in eating plans, clients are sometimes hesitant. after all, they've 
        been...in all likliehood...eating them same foods and drinking the same 
        beverages they grew up with and it's comfortable and familiar...so why 
        change?
 what does 
        food...or nutrition...have to do with how you feel? what you eat and consume, 
        in any fashion, potentially becomes a part of your body's cellular structure. 
        your body will make cells from what you feed it. so your food and nutrition 
        needs to be of the type that the body can use to create itself, again 
        and again. 
then in the 
        late 1980's when i was still in my 30's, i developed chronic fatigue and 
        what i believed to be crohn's disease. i did not see a medical doctor 
        for this condition as i was in denial and full of fear that what i had 
        happening with my body was cancer. that was my choice. at the time. i 
        felt miserable. i was constantly tired and just couldn't seem to generate 
        enough energy to get through the day. 
on top of 
        that, i had chronic bouts of diarrhea, oftentimes bloody and full of mucous. 
        sorry to be so graphic here but it is the truth. i kept this all to myself, 
        silenced by the dreaded fear. you get to learn all about me here. and 
        why not? nothing needs to be hidden any longer. the body is amazing, and 
        given time, proper nutrition, and faith it can and will heal itself. because 
        crohn's disease is also an inflammatory condition, i would have either 
        a low grade fever or flare ups of higher fever temperatures. plus, there 
        was a constant aching in my abdominal area.
it was hard 
        to live...hard to work...hard to be a mother...let alone to have the strength 
        to move through my daily life. i was in sad shape. every morsel of food 
        came exploding out of me. i could not eat any raw foods, at all. they 
        would basically come out whole. yet my inner strength was great. i knew 
        the body could heal itself. i did not give in or give up.
some time 
        before that time in my life, my friend asked me to go to a chiropractor's 
        meeting. there the doctor was sharing health information which included 
        a new evaluation process, called contact 
        reflex analysis (cra) which is a method of testing the body to determine 
        nutritional deficiencies and imbalances of the body. i knew then and there 
        that i would study this system and be the best healer i could be. 
what 
        is contact reflex analysis? 
cra is a 
        method of health evaluation that measures your body's bio-electric fields 
        through a form of very accurate muscle testing. for class information 
        please visit the founder's dr. versendaal's 
        web site. with the intelligence of the human body, and this technique, 
        we were able to determine my particular deficiencies and get started on 
        giving my body what it needed in the form of nutrients, and diet, so it 
        could heal itself. guess what happened? it took a while but the body did 
        heal. i am very grateful for having friends share good news with me, and 
        having the courage to move through healing in the way that i did.

can 
        the food you eat be slowly poisoning you?
up until 
        a hundred years ago, our ancestors ate a diet filled with whole foods. 
        most of their food was grown at home or by neighbors or small nearby general 
        stores. those earlier generations were much healtier and had far fewer 
        diseases than we do today. that's because they lived before the industrial 
        revolution. for great information on diet and wellness visit the weston 
        a. price website. i often refer my clients to this site.
since that 
        time our foods have been grown in fields fertilized by chemicals and what 
        is called sludge, and sprayed with pesticides and herbicides. then they 
        are harvested and taken to factories where they are packaged for our convenience 
        and consumption. often more chemical preservatives are added...for convenience...not 
        for nutrition. what about produce? unless the farm is local, many times 
        the food has to travel long distances to get to the store, held in storage 
        facilities, and then displayed in super cold bins to keep it looking fresh. 
        i have purchased such produce and the very next day it started to rot. 
        what a waste!
then, many 
        people take the food home and put it in microwave ovens to cook...but 
        that actually alters the food, depleting it of its life force, and enzymes. 
        that is when it started out raw in the first place. too many times microwave 
        cooking is for packaged foods previously prepared, frozen and ready to 
        zap. 
all of those 
        packaging and preservative processes make it easier for farmers and food 
        manufacturers to get our foods to us. they give our foods longer shelf 
        lives. and it makes it faster for us to eat and get on about our business.


 but 
        is processed food healthy for your body? ...no, absolutely not!


take 
        a closer look at what happens to foods at every step along the food chain...from 
        field to table and into your body.


chemicals 
          added to growing fields gradually deplete the soil of its once rich 
          source of nature's own vitamins and minerals...to the point now where 
          now most fields are exhausted and void of any natural nutrients so 
          our foods are too.
pesticides 
          that are sprayed on most crops are made up of small amounts biological 
          toxins that collect in your own body with no way out  and over the 
          years can cause untold physical problems.
processing 
          food in factories and packaging it in boxes and bags takes almost 
          all the nutrition and goodness out of the foods.
the storing 
          of foods in warehouses, grocery shelves and even refrigerators and freezers 
          help deplete your foods further yet!
then, 
          our habit of microwaving our foods is like putting the nail in the 
          coffin for our nutritional sustenance. ask yourself: do you really 
          want to put radiation your body just to save a little time??! 


conventional 
        medicine is also failing you because they only treat the symptom...not 
        the cause


while most 
        patients feel relief at having the symptoms supposedly disappear, their 
        internal organs are actually struggling to cope with the now hidden and 
        suppressed symptoms as well as with foreign chemical substances and the 
        many, many harsh side effects that come with those drugs. 
in fact, 
        most medical schools offer very little in the way of nutritional education 
        for our physcians. they prefer to rely on prescription medications and 
        surgery only. perhaps, that's why many doctors will tell you that the 
        food you eat is fine.
according 
        to news story on reuters health on feb. 8, 2008, entitled "accidental 
        drug-poisoning deaths on the rise in the us", they report the 
        following:




report 
              from the centers for disease control and prevention
"unintentional 
              deaths due to drug poisoning, primarily with prescription drugs,
increased by 68.3% between 1999 and 2004, and is
second only to motor vehicle crashes as a cause of death 
              from unintentional injury in the us, investigators at the centers 
              for disease control and prevention report."



 
it's 
        sad that we're reportedly more at risk trying to get healthy and seeking 
        medical treatment than we are for getting in an auto accident.
times 
        are changing...people are now eating more natural food and using alternative 
        health methods




more 
        and more people are becoming aware of how successful natural health methods 
        are. as a result, they are turning to successful complementary and alternative 
        health practitioners and nutritionists for solutions that address the 
        real cause of the problems. 
in 
        may 2004 through the national institute of health, the national center 
        for complementary and alternative medicine (nccam) and the national center 
        for health statistics (nchs, part of the centers for disease control and 
        prevention) released 
        a report that shows an increasing amount of interest and growth in 
        those areas.



what 
              is complementary and alternative medicine (cam)?
according 
              to this report: 
"cam 
              is a group of diverse medical and health care systems, practices, 
              and products that are not presently considered to be part of conventional 
              medicine. 

complementary 
                medicine is used together with conventional medicine.
 
                and alternative medicine is used in place of conventional 
                medicine."




how 
      many people use cam?
in 
        the united states alone, over a third (36%) of adults are using 
        some form of cam. 
when 
         megavitamin therapy and prayer specifically for health reasons are 
        included in the definition of cam, that number rises to 62% 
        (see graph below). 
that's 
        almost two-thirds of adults who have at least tried some form 
        of alternative health treatment. 
who knew that 
      our government in the untied states keeps track of these statistics?! 



why 
        are people using cam?


 
        in the survey mentioned above people were asked to select from five reasons 
        to describe why they used cam. results show:

cam would 
          improve health when used in combination with conventional medical 
          treatments: 54.9%
cam would 
          be interesting to try: 50.1%
conventional 
          medical treatments would not help: 27.7%
a conventional 
          medical professional suggested trying cam: 25.8%
conventional 
          medical treatments are too expensive: 13.2% 
 





the 
            survey found that most people use cam along 
            with conventional medicine rather than in place of conventional 
            medicine.

  
        

statistics 
        aren't the only proof that people are changing




...here's 
              a real testimonial from a client who is a medical doctor
"when 
              i first heard about alternative choices healing center, i was prone 
              to fatigue. i also had a history of respiratory problems and allergies. 
              on top of that i had an irritation in my bladder and infertility 
              problems. 
since 
              my reflexes have been tested with contact 
              reflex analysis, my bladder is improved and much less painful. 
              it is stronger but not yet 100% back to normal. my digestion also 
              improved as i have less gas. over the past few months, i feel stronger 
              and my menstrual cycle is now more normal and painfree. 
through 
              the whole process i felt interested and patient. i was willing to 
              go along with the process and not too worried or anxious at all. 
              but i have found both cra and the standard 
              process supplements are a wonderful and powerful addition to 
              the armamentarium for healing. 
in 
              my opinion, they [cra and whole food supplements] need to become 
              more widespread, known and available to more people. i would gladly 
              refer my family and friends to dr. xianti hoo, ph.d." 
--dr. 
              anne l. williams, m.d., oakland, ca
more 
              testimonials 




heard 
        enough? ready to be healthy?
are 
        you ready to join the millions of people in this country...as well as 
        thousands of my clients...who are finding out how much improvement they 
        feel when they eat natural foods and use alternative health methods?
i 
        created this site to help educate you and give you tools, tips and products 
        that can make a big difference in the quality of your life. here's a re-cap 
        of what you'll gain:


the peace 
          of mind knowing the real cause of your health imbalances are being 
          addressed...not just covered up!
the confidence 
          that by giving your body natural whole foods and whole food supplements, 
          you'll be supplying it with the nourishment it needs to repair itself 
          naturally.
the security 
          of realizing that your body has the intelligence to repair whatever 
          system or organ is currently be challenged, given the correct help 
          from nature.
an education 
          about what steps you can take on your own to give yourself the gift 
          of quality health and a longer life.
the satisfaction 
          of knowing that by working with nature and your body, you are making 
          the best decisions possible to honor the true purpose of your life.

get 
        a quick education in alternative health


check 
        out the rest of our site, too. be sure to look at all the services and 
        products in our online store...if you need some help with your health. 
        besides my appointments, i have tons of information and products for you 
        that can change your life. 
to 
        find out more about what information, products and services are offered 
        on this site, check out our detailed and easy-to-use site 
        map.
remember 
        to call or sign up
come 
        ino my office and try a full health evaluation ...where i check 75 points 
        on your body...and let you know exactly what your body's priorities are 
        for re-building your health. 
the 
        choice is up to you now, i am here to help you.
wishing 
        you good health,
 
        xianti hoo


call 
        me at 928-639-4574 (sedona, az area in usa)
 
p.s. 
        thanks again for visting this website. it has been my life-long dream 
        to help people empower themselves and restore their health naturally. 
        i wish you only the best in your life and in your health! peace be with 
        you!
  


explore 
          this website
discover 
          a fast, simple way to find you way around this site 
if 
          you'd like a clean, organized overview of the entire website...just 
          browse through our site map.
you can choose to scroll down the page, 
          use the search box in the upper left of any page or jump quickly using 
          this line of links:
location/contact 
          | store | community | 
          healthy living | about us
location/contact 
          -- directions, address, phone, fax & e-mail 
          contact info.
store 
          -- products & services



overview--a 
              summary description of what products and services we offer at alternative 
              choices healing center. 


 


health 
              evaluation appointments 
              (approx. 1 hr. each) -- in-person evaluations are available.
contact 
              reflex analysis 


customer 
              service 
              -- if you'd like information on how your online order, shipping 
              or other details will be handled, you'll find answers here. 
contact 
              information
ordering 
              help
policies 
              & returns
printable 
              price list
privacy 
              policy
secure 
              orders
shipping 
              & delivery policies


 


immune 
              support
-- explore some top-quality, all-natural remedies for
chronic infections, 
              viruses, allergies... or even tough autoimmune challenges.
biofilam
clarkia 
              100
daily 
              vitality csi
honopure®
lomatium 
              dissectum ldm-100
organic 
              10 mushroom complex
orgono 
              living silica
orgono 
              silicum g5 gel 
pascalite
umac 
              (unique marine algae concentrate)


 


nutrition 
              options 
              -- improve your health by adding nutrient- 
              dense foods to your eating plan.
celtic 
              sea salt
chlorella
deeper 
              greens
fermented 
              cod liver oil
goji 
              berries
grass-fed 
              meats & dairy products
l-tryptophan
magnesium 
              oil
nascent 
              iodine 
the 
              real willard water


 


 
              supplements & nutrients
-- enhance your health with high quality 
              nutrients and supplements for more energy and stamina.
mycophyto 
              complex
oxylift
padma 
              basic
pectasol
venus 
              fly trap vft-100


 


alternative 
              technologies -- 
              activate your life with advanced alternative 
              health technologies. 
photo 
              therapy lights


 


floralive® 
              and prl 
              product directory
floralive® 
              flower frequencies - to help remove defeating 
              subconscious beliefs and emotional trauma
prl 
              herbal and homeopathic greats - to aid 
              resolution in a wide variety of both acute and chronic health conditions
prl 
              single remedies - to assist in elevating 
              mood and enhancing immune function
prl 
              specialty and combination remedies - to 
               
              help with chronic illnesses and difficult health challenges


 


pet 
              products -- give 
              your pets the health products they deserve for a longer, happier 
              life with you!
plaqueoff 
              for pets
l-tryptophan 
              for pet stress relief




about 
          us




overview 
              -- a 
              summary of who we are and how we work harder than other companies 
              to give you what you need quickly and easily so you can have a healthy 
              body and a longer life.
dr. 
              xianti hoo, ph.d. and certified nutritional consultant
-- 
              find out how dr. hoo's alternative health expeience can help you 
              regain your optimal health.
what's 
              new--explore new 
              products, find out what's on sale
now, plus get news and health 
              information.
standard 
              process products -- discover 
              why these whole food supplements are the best on the planet, in 
              my opinion.
faq's 
              -- 
              get more information in frequently asked questions about our products 
              and services.


healthy 
          living



overview 
              -- get new ideas on how to safeguard and re-build your 
              health using the best alternative health information.
health 
              reports--some 
              in-depth reports on important health issues.
recipes--delicious 
              ways to expand your food choices.
amazing 
              health facts--find 
              out how magnificent your body is.
health 
              tips--quick 
              ideas for living a better, healthier life.


community



overview 
              -- keep 
              in touch with the latest issues in alternative health and leading-edge 
              alternative information.
related 
              health links--browse 
              through links to many other helpful sites.
recommended 
              books--expand your health knowledge by reading quality 
              books to improve your health.
testimonials--read 
              what other people, just like you, have to say about our service 
              and products.


 
 

*to 
all our visitors: thank you for coming to explore 
our web site, www.choosecra.com. we truly appreciate your presence here. you and 
your health are a vital concern to us. we sincerely hope the information we share, 
the services we offer and the products we sell help you to manifest your dreams 
as a spiritual being and that it helps contribute to your physical health, well-being 
and prosperity.please 
be aware none of the these statements have been evaluated by the food and drug 
administration (fda). these products and this information are not intended 
to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. it is simply the 1st amendment 
in action and is presented for information and research purposes only. we are 
sharing information we believe in and feel it is not commonly found in mainstream 
media. we'd also like to remind you, if you act on ideas found here, you do so 
at your own discretion and risk. self-help requires intelligence, common sense, 
and the ability to take responsibility for your own actions. by receiving this 
information, you agree to hold yourself fully responsible for your own health 
and well being and to hold harmless alternative choices healing center, its owners, 
assigns or heirs from any lawsuits and litigations for any reason. we 
do not recommend using any ideas found here without first consulting a medical 
professional or a qualified health care provider with recognized degrees and appropriate 
licenses. 
©copyright 
  2000-2014. all rights reserved. alternative choices healing center (http://www.choosecra.com) 
  and its owner dr. xianti hoo, ph.d., call 1-928-639-4574. web design and writing 
  by marika ray. graphics and some photos 
  are from art today, visit www.clipart.com.

 



 




prehistoric 
          magnesium oil  
restore 
          your vital magnesium levels within weeks with 
"exceptionally ultra pure"  
          magnesium chloride hexahydrate! 

magneisum 
          is one of the most common and most necessary nutritional minerals for 
          good, balanced health. prehistoric magnesium oil is an incredibly fast-acting, 
          safe and effective solution to help the body with most major health 
          problems...contains more than 23,000 mg's of magnesium chloride hexahydrate 
          per fluid ounce!! read 
          here for more info.





 

padma 
          basic®
now 
          on sale!

padma 
          basic®:  regulate and restore balance to your circulation, 
          blood and immune systems
____________




get 
        a health evaluation by 
        phone
plus 
        get personalized 
        suggestions for positive changes  




 
____________
pectasol® 
          chelation complex

pectasol® 
          chelation complex™: try this clinically-proven breakthrough 
          for safe, gentle defense against toxic heavy metals





tired 
          of synthetics trying to replace your thyroid function?

get 
          thyroid nascent iodine and help your body stimulate your thyroid to 
          produce its own t3 and t4 safely and naturally!!
read 
          more...





 
 
  
 






