




















university chapel & galleries : washington and lee university


















































washington and lee university







menu








a-z index
directory
libraries
webmail
news
events
calendar



current students
faculty & staff
get help now


search







search















 navigation



university chapel & galleries
 about the chapel
 visit us
 exhibitions
 museum shop
 facility use
 memorial services / funerals
 weddings
 photography
 directions
 




home university chapel & galleries 

						university chapel & galleries
					

wednesday – saturday 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.
while we strive to have docents on hand whenever university chapel is open, it is not always possible due to inclement weather and scheduling conflicts. however, visitors are always welcome to take self-guided tours during normal operating hours.

view museums hours and admissions 



university chapel & museum news





upcoming events






▲




follow us


facebook



instagram




contact information
university chapel & galleries email:museums@wlu.edu










washington and lee university









204 w. washington st.
lexington va 24450
540-458-8400










facebook









twitter









instagram









linkedin









youtube









pinterest







quick reference

business office
general counsel
human resources
information technology
student affairs
university registrar



campus resources

disability accommodations
emergency resources
legal notices
campus dining
campus map






in compliance with title ix of the education amendments of 1972, section 504 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, and all other applicable non-discrimination laws, washington and lee university does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran's status, or genetic information in its educational programs and activities, admissions, and with regard to employment. inquiries may be directed to the title ix coordinator, elrod university commons 212, (540) 458-4055, who is designated by the university to coordinate compliance efforts and carry out its responsibilities under title ix, as well as those under section 504 and other applicable non-discrimination laws. inquiries may also be directed to the assistant secretary for civil rights, u.s. department of education. see non discrimination statement


© copyright 
2025

washington and lee university
















