ï»¿





the online quilt block pattern library












the online quilt block pattern library
blockcrazy.com





home

about the library
free patterns
pattern sale
faq
block names

why online patterns
member's area

access to the online quilt block 
			library of over 550 patterns is only $24.99
click one of the payment options below now to 
			receive access to the library plus 8 free bonuses!








 8 free bonus gifts with every order








what is the online quilt block 
		pattern library?  
it is a database of over 550 applique and patchwork quilt block patterns.   
		browse the library to find the perfect patterns for your next quilting 
		or sewing project 
		then 
		quickly and easily print out the template.  use the quilt block 
		images for desktop, facebook or twitter wallpaper.  use them in 
		scrapbooking or other paper crafts.    
		learn more about the 
		quilt block library.
 










	follow blockcrazy.com
 on twitter and be first in line for all the best freebies.

 





 

				 



receive free gifts with any purchase from blockcrazy.com!
				some of your free gifts 
				include the embroidery stitch guide ebook, making quilt 
				labels instruction sheet, pocket jotters, zodiac downloadable 
				bookmarks, mailing  labels, pattern resizing chart, quilt 
				block clip art for scrapbooking, card making, desktop  and other crafts 
				projects.  they also make terrific backgrounds for your 
				facebook or twitter pages!














				
						
					 




 

				 



puzzle lovers corner
 do you love word search puzzles?
				there are 17 quilt block names hidden inside this word search 
				puzzle.  see how long it takes you to find them!
				using your right hand mouse button click on the link below and 
				choose 'save target as'.
				save the link onto your desktop or any location on your computer 
				you can easily find.  open the file and print out the 
				puzzle.  you will need adobe reader to view this pdf file.

				click here for the puzzle.

				click here if you need the adobe reader.


















home | 
		about the library | 
		pattern sale 
		| 
		faq | contact 
		us






