












mecc – meetings events & conference coordinators inc.

























































































 



scroll top




 















email us 


















primary menuclose home
about us
conferences

oral & maxillofacial surgery
oncology


mymedflix.com
contact
 













  
























a global independent meeting & event management company
meetings events & conference coordinators 
							 
















about mecc






mecc offers a wide variety of services to assist you in managing any type of meeting or event






mecc brings over three decades of insight, experience and success in the design, development and execution of complex projects.






our team has successfully coordinated corporate meetings and events, celebrity entertainment, educational symposiums, exhibits and expositions, and virtual conferences, for diverse audiences on multiple continents. mecc offers targeted services to assemble the very best talent, matching those skills to your exact needs – from marketing communications and branding to entertainment and live event production.






we offer our clients a full menu of services, taking the stress off of you.



learn more 




services




services
meetings events & conference coordinators, (mecc) is a global independent meeting & event management company. we offer a wide variety of services to assist you in managing any type of meeting or event. our team of experienced planners are ready to take on the challenge.









conferences




conferences
mecc is a industry leader in the management of conferences, meeting planning convention planning, trade shows and exposition, event management as well as marketing and public relations. we offer our clients a full menu of services, taking the stress off of you.









educational resources




educational resources
mymedflix.com, the medical educator consortium’s educational resource and streaming service, offers a variety of content for healthcare professionals seeking cme/ce credit. enjoy a wide range of presentations from key leaders in the industry.







let us become your strategic partners



0experts0projects0clients0exhibits


educational partners



                                             
 


















subscribe to our email list
learn more about our upcoming conferences and events.












"*" indicates required fields

first name*last name*email*

speciality*phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  











7273










address: 6619 south dixie highway #341 miami, fl 33143phone:  305.663.1628fax:  305.675.2718email: info@meccinc.comeducational resources: www.mymedflix.comaboutmeetings events & conference coordinators, (mecc) is a global independent meeting & event management company. we offer a wide variety of services to assist you in managing any type of meeting or event. our team of experienced planners are ready to take on the challenge.subscribe to our email list 

first name(required)last name(required)email(required)

speciality(required)messagenamethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  











59072



















  © copyright 2025 mecc inc.| digital marketing by katapult.biz | webmail | privacy policy    






305 663 1628
















































































we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok



