 








teenpurple take care of yourself !



































 



skip to content





menu







news
beauty
makeup
 














skin routine
tips and advices
 












 

tips and advicesessential garden parasol features you should know aboutread the article 



 

beauty tips and adviceswhy and how to choose your optical glasses on the internet?read the article 



 

skin routinegreen clay, the secret to flawless skinread the article 








 
beauty skin routinegreen clay, the secret to flawless skin 

did you know that clay has significant benefits for your skin and hair? in fact, people have been taking advantage of the cosmetic benefits of clay for centuries. green clay in particular, is rich in … 


read the article 


 
tips and advicesthe best makeup tips to leave your face looking flawless 

learning to apply makeup can be tricky. however, once you get the gist of it, you can transform your features and enhance your natural beauty. when you look at your best, you feel your best, … 


read the article 


 
beauty makeuphow micellar water has become a beauty favorite  

micellar water has easily worked its way on the top shelf of most beauty influencers and makeup lovers. it offers numerous benefits to the skin and provides an excellent alternative to traditional makeup removers. its … 


read the article 


 
skin routinecare for your skin at home: daily skincare advice for flawless skin 

who doesn’t want excellent flawless skin? the secret to fresher and brighter skin is in maintenance. pollution, makeup residues, and unhealthy foods cause acne, blemishes, and uneven skin tone. you can use some home remedies … 


read the article 


 
skin routineincredible beauty tips every woman need to know 

beauty isn’t always about to look the best but to feel the best too. women want to be confident and look the finest in everything. beauty is about maintenance which can be intimidating. the beauty … 


read the article 


 
tips and adviceshow to get rid of acne at home: tips and advice 

acne is caused when oil is lodged into hair follicles resulting in white, blackheads, and cystic pimples. finding out the triggering factor is essential for managing acne. excessive sebum production, unhealthy food habits, imbalanced hormones, … 


read the article 





february 2025


m
t
w
t
f
s
s




 12


3456789


10111213141516


17181920212223


2425262728
 



« aug
 
 


our latest articles


essential garden parasol features you should know about


why and how to choose your optical glasses on the internet?


green clay, the secret to flawless skin













contact uscontact
 







useful linkscontact











© copyright 2025 teenpurple. all rights reserved.  sarada lite | developed by blossom themes. powered by wordpress.                
            



























