




the arizona baseball network -

































behind the seams 

word on the street

azbn bulletin board

frequently asked questions

advertise on azbn



                    resources

batting cages

camps/clinics

fundraising resources

gear & equipment

local leagues

personal instruction

                  college baseball



free listing services

add your az travel team to the directory 

update your team info in the directory 

announce a camp or clinic 

announce a tournament



general info

contact us

terms of use

privacy policy











                      have a cool baseball action photo you would like to see on azbn? 
click here for the submission guidelines 


 



have something to post on word on the street? click here
• new tournaments posted
                    • team dinger (chad moeller) has updated his club info for ages 10u through 17u.              
                    • we need your help in repopulating the azbn bulletin board. important information has been posted on the azbn bulletin board link (in the left menu)
                    • trosky az is looking for coaches. college or pro playing experience necessary. please contact brian harper @ bharp1277@gmail.com
• new team added to the directory: 12u mesa toros                    
                    • maverix baseball academy is starting several new teams. announcing team tryouts for ages 12u - 14u. contact hunter lessard @ mike@maverixbaseballacademy.com 
• new teams added to the directory: 9u-15u chandler cardinals                    
                    • tryouts: 12/13u azev bulldogs - for more info contact coach tony at azevbulldogs@gmail.com
• new team added to the directory: 13u ev spartans              
                    • az nitro 11uaaa & 12uaa are looking for highly motivated and committed players who want to advance their baseball skills. pitchers and catchers are a plus. we practice 2x a week in chandler. play 2 tournaments a month. contact ruben ayala @ 480-465-2107 or archerryblossom@hotmail.com for more information. 
                    • two new teams added to the directory: 11u & 12u az nitro
                    • new team added to the directory: 12u fallon sports baseball
                    • two new teams added to the directory: 10u & 12u showtime baseball
                    • 8u and 10 u aaa cubs are looking for a few players to round out their spring roster. we practice twice a week in the east valley. games are played through east valley baseball league in chandler and 10 u aaa also participates in usssa tournaments. for more information contact jake lund at 303-775-3387.
                    • new team added to the directory: 12u saints
                    



 
 
 
 
have something to post on word on the street? click here
 


 


 











        subscribe here



click here to log in
tournament listings 

az team directory

8u team directory

9u team directory

10u team directory

11u team directory

12u team directory

13u team directory

14u team directory

15u team directory

16u team directory

18u team directory

free listing services 

add your az travel team to the directory 

update your team info in the directory 

announce a camp or clinic 

announce  a tournament


 
 
 





 





 




 

 



 


 
©2002-2025 the arizona baseball network  | e-mail azbn
 
 


 





 


