




 





presa canario puppies and breeder | sanders kennels














































































 





sanders kennels











 
(770) 475-6009
sanderskennels@gmail.com





home
about

about the breed
canary islands


dogs

dams
sires
trained adults


available puppies
upcoming litters
dog training
celebrity gallery
contact us
shop
satellite breeders






							breeder of presa canarios & k9 trainer
						



											top breeder of
											presa canarios
											and k9 trainer
										

											since 1998
										

learn more






								click here to reserve your presa canario today! 










                                available puppies                            








                                upcoming litters                             








                                sires                            








                                dams                            






welcome to sanders kennels






sanders kennels is the top presa canario breeder and trainer in the united states and worldwide. we have been breeding presa canario puppies since 1998. we have produced more presa canario puppies and have trained more presa canario’s than anyone in the world. 
our presa canario dogs have been selectively bred to produce the finest, healthiest, and most impressive presa canario puppies anywhere. we breed family dogs that are both protective and stable. 
since we ship our sanders presa canarios  puppies all over the world, you can find our dogs in their homes on five different continents around the world. many of our dogs go to the homes of celebrities, professional athletes, government officials, foreign leaders, doctors, lawyers, ceos, and presa canario lovers alike. we provide the very best in customer service to everyone, regardless of your profession.  

we are always available to help with your presa canario and your dog training needs. we appreciate your business and look forward to proving to you why we are the best presa canario breeder! sanders kennels, producing top-quality presa canario puppies since 1998! 
      				                      
learn more







						see some of our past clientele

























































































 














 
(770)475-6009
sanderskennels@gmail.com


© 2025 sanders kennels. | sitemap





sanders kennels
homeabout

about the breedcanary islands back
dogs

damssirestrained adults back
available puppiesupcoming littersdog trainingcelebrity gallerycontact usshopsatellite breeders

				× close panel			

















 
