








rose associates | luxury multi-family rentals nyc




































enable assistive website


skip to main content


skip to footer











quick search



menu

company

overview
executive team
our clients
news & media
careers


investment
management
rent

no-fee rentals

for brokers


own
contact us









world class
real estate excellence,
rooted in new york

acquiring, developing, and managing multifamily assets that consistently outperform the market






$20 billion

in assets under management



$1 billion +

projects currently under
development



29,000

multifamily units under management



we are proud to be a certified women's business enterprise (wbe)






acquisitions & development

rose specializes in the acquisition & development of luxury multifamily properties in the new york metro area.

learn more
















1925

first development



200+

professional employees



700+

building service employees









management & operations

industry-leading service that enhances the resident experience and builds asset value.

learn more

















our clients & partners

rose associates, inc. provides a comprehensive services platform that encompasses development, management, leasing and marketing to numerous private and institutional property owners worldwide.












a new york heritage

the rose family has enthusiastically participated in the philanthropic life of new york city for over five decades. deeply grateful to the city where the family flourished, the roses have funded dozens of cultural, educational, and community based organizations.

















press, news, & media

posted on october 17, 2024rose associates elevates cio marc ehrlich to presidentrose associates is promoting from within - but outside the family - in its search for a new president, choosing its chief investment officer marc ehrlich for the role, the multifamily developer and manager announced thursday.[read more]posted on august 7, 2024rose associates names two new managing directorsrose associates, inc., the new york-based multifamily real estate developer and manager, has recently appointed two individuals to the role of managing director. alex chin has been named managing director of finance and accounting, and john nowak has been named managing director of construction. [read more]posted on july 31, 2024rose associates selected to manage forty six fifty in manhattanrose associates, inc. (rose), the new york-based multifamily real estate manager and developer, was recently selected by the arden group to manage forty six fifty, a newly constructed multifamily building at 4650 broadway in manhattan.[read more]posted on july 16, 2024rose associates jv obtains $113m in refinancing of alexander crossinga joint venture between rose associates and battery global advisors has obtained $112.7 million for the refinancing of alexander crossing, a recently completed 440-unit community in yonkers, n.y. walker & dunlop secured the note through affinius capital.

previous financing includes a $107.4 million construction loan originated in may 2021 from bank of america, according to yardi matrix information. two months later, yonkers industrial development agency also provided $3 million for the development.

the class a community broke ground in november 2021 and was topped out in 2022. partners on the project included general contractor callahan construction managers and architecture firm perkins eastman.

[read more]posted on september 5, 2023port chester: united hospital demolition underwaythe actual demolition of buildings at the united hospital site at 406-408 boston post road and 999 high st. in port chester has gotten underway following work to remediate site contamination. [read more]





want to learn more?

contact us here









facebook
linkedin
instagram



777 third avenue, 6th floor
new york, 
				ny 10017
(212) 210-6666






view more pagesproperty operationsproperty management companies nycnyc real estate companiesnew york property managementluxury nyc rentalsbest landlords nycnyc real estate developersmulti-family rentals nycnyc rental propertiesresidential property management companies nycresident services nycmultifamily workoutsproperty management companies, njproperty management new york cityapartment management companies nycproperty acquisitionsno fee apartments nycproperty management westchester



						rose associates, inc
					

copyright © 2015-2025



site map / 
							privacy / 
							disclaimer

do not sell my personal information


equal housing opportunity































