










scott design – the creative agency for innovative companies


































skip to content








menu					 
close					 


worka great way to get an idea of how we work is to take a look through our case studies. our work over the past 20 years has included everything from website design and development, to a single email campaign for a new product launch, to a comprehensive campaign that includes web, print, and interactive assets. of course, each project is different and each company has its own needs. our technology clients include adobe, autodesk, ebay, and other industry leaders. please contact us to see how we can help you meet your goals through a successful online marketing initiative.
about
blogat scott design, we consider ourselves online marketing experts. we have worked with some of the largest tech companies in the world to help bring their product and corporate messages to their audiences. our staff is always up on the latest trends and best practices in web design, email marketing, online product demos, and web marketing strategies. our team is always researching, learning, and implementing new technologies to make sure we are always at the forefront of hardware and software developments that give our clients an edge. we thoroughly evaluate new solutions that come to market, network with leaders in the marketing field, and embrace new best practices as they emerge. our team of fast-learning experts work with our clients to select the best online and offline solutions for their needs. take a look at some of our articles below, where we share our expertise, insights, and observations on the state of web marketing, website design, and email and online advertising.
contact
 








 



 delivering creative support  to corporate marketing teams


scott design helps marketing teams at enterprises and smbs who need on‑brand, high‑quality communications designed, written, and delivered without a hitch.


recent work


 product promotion videos for k–12 audiences
 intuit talent recruitment emails
 music composer’s website




what we do best



emails
e-newsletters
websites
videos




online banners
social media
sales tools
event assets





industry-leading clients


























if you and your marketing team are looking for a creative agency that removes your worries and saves you time while delivering top-notch work, let us know.







scott design inc | po box 758 capitola ca 95010 | 831‑295‑3535 | email | contact us | privacy policy | terms & conditions | © 1993–2023 scott design inc


facebook
twitter
youtube
instagram
google+
linkedin
email us




 







