







peggy browning fund















































shop our storemake a donation









about usboard of directorsstaffin memory of mary anne moffaimpact reportnewsnewslettersfellows brochurefellows' storiessolidarity seriesresourceslinksjob postingscontact usphoto galleries






fellowshipshow to applypbf fellowship positionsfellowship application formfor mentorsfor law schoolsfellows brochurefaqworkers'  rights conferencenlswrc homeprogram schedulestudent & attendee registrationbecome a nlswrc sponsoremployer & allies tablesfaqawards receptionsregional workshops





pbf is unveiling a new brand!
	2019 summer fellows at pbf’s national conference
	2018 pbf summer fellows showing their solidarity
	2019 summer fellow madison slupe headed to the picket lines
	2019 new york area summer fellows at their orientation meeting
	2019 pbf washington, dc summer fellows touring the area
	2019 law students at the national workers’ rights conference plenary session
	2019 summer fellow lindsay poetz with pbf alumna jessica rutter at our nation’s capital for the american federation of teachers.
	students during the 2019 national law students workers’ rights conference
	2019 dc summer fellows touring the american history museum 









					margaret a. ‘peggy’ browning was a prominent labor attorney in philadelphia who was the first labor lawyer appointed to the national labor relations board in 1993.

					the mission of the peggy browning fund is to educate and inspire the next generation of advocates for workplace justice. through fellowships, workers’ rights conferences, networking and other programs, we provide unique opportunities for law students to work for economic and social justice.

read more »




watch our new video
					on our programs
















pbf honors the life of mary anne moffa
click here









	interested in becoming a peggy browning fund mentor organization?

click here






upcoming events
awards receptionsphiladelphia ceremony
march 13, 2025
join us in on march 13th in philadelphia as we celebrate the peggy browning fund, hosted by founder and president emeritus joe lurie! 
 
view details and register »view all awards receptions



leadership circle
the leadership circle is comprised of members who strongly support the mission of the peggy browning fund with annual leadership-level gifts. leadership circle donors receive benefits commensurate with each gift level and are recognized at all annual events, the national law students workers’ rights conference and in our newsletter.
to learn more about the benefits of becoming a member of the leadership circle, contact
info@peggybrowningfund.org
leadership circle members
 


friends of peggy browning
at pbf, gifts at all levels help to keep our programs running and continue to introduce law students to rewarding careers in the labor movement.  those who make annual gifts of $1,000 or less, or those who prefer to make smaller multiple gifts over the year instead of one or more larger gifts, become friends.  friends of peggy browning who prefer to give smaller multiple gifts, commit to giving either monthly or quarterly.  this creates a steady, reliable source of funds for our programs.
to learn more about the benefits of becoming a member of friends of pbf, contact
info@peggybrowningfund.org
list of friends of peggy browning









peggy browning fund






recent photo galleries
2022 national law students workers’ rights conference 
 
42 photos / click on thumbnail to enlarge

	© rick reinhard
  2022 san francisco awards reception 
 
29 photos / click on thumbnail to enlarge

	 ©2022 najib joe hakim
  2022 dc 25th anniversary awards reception 
 
25 photos / click on thumbnail to enlarge

	© rick reinhard
  2022-new york 25th anniversary awards reception 
 
22 photos / click on thumbnail to enlarge

	© michael friang
  2022 philadelphia 25th anniversary virtual awards program 
 
2 photos / click on thumbnail to enlarge

watch the virtual program here

read the program book here
 view all photo galleries
sign up for updates

please complete all required fields!





email*


invalid input



first name*


invalid input



last name*


invalid input



are you interested in updates on:*

summer fellowshipsawards receptionsnational conferenceregional workshopsnewsletters
invalid input



*














invalid input





sign up




















about usboard of directorsstaffin memory of mary anne moffaimpact reportnewsnewslettersfellows brochurefellows' storiessolidarity seriesresourceslinksjob postingscontact usphoto galleries



fellowshipshow to applypbf fellowship positionsfellowship application formfor mentorsfor law schoolsfellows brochurefaqworkers'  rights conferencenlswrc homeprogram schedulestudent & attendee registrationbecome a nlswrc sponsoremployer & allies tablesfaqawards receptionsregional workshops








peggy browning fund
			100 s. broad street
			suite 1218
			philadelphia, pa 19110
			phone: 267-273-7990
			fax: 267-273-7688
			© 2011 peggy browning fund. all rights reserved


connect with us on










