














home | baltimore tennis patrons









































baltimore tennis patrons
 
homeabout btpadultsjuniorsfamily outreach jobscontact connect 












tennis & pickleball  for everyone !  everywhere!



juniors 




adults 


families 
















got it!  


spring tennis & pickleball



summer camps jr & adults



tell me more!







everything tennis & pickleball 




	join btp's affordable and close to home tennis and pickleball programs for your fun, friendships and health! participate in fast start instructional classes for adults, youth and families. all ability levels are welcome!2025 spring  schedule tennis and pickleball  2025 summer camps for juniors & adults (class schedule tba)junior indoor & outdoor league team tennis and adult social tennis and leagues are offered throughout greater baltimore.  click here to join early bird notification






everything family !




		•	family tennis classes & camps 	•	family pickleball (indoors and outdoors)	•	family voltball (on a tennis court)	•	family team play (tennis/pickleball/voltball)	•	family tournaments 	•	virtual tennis (tennis in the classroom)








more than tennis!


introducing free try-its.sign up to sample new sports that enhance your tennis skills 



tennis. learn and play together with you children/grandchildren
pickleball. ping pong meets tennis on a badminton sized tennis court
family play offs. families team up to play one another in tennis, pickleball and voltball. 
voltball. a hybrid version of tennis and badminton. a new sport created by btp's president, lynn morrell. 
















tennis & pickleball program locations in baltimore & howard countybaltimore county: cockeysville middle school, pinewood es,  lutherville lab, garrison forest school , roland park country school, towson university                                                        howard county: centennial park west , river hill high school, atholton and western regional parkstennis clinics and pickleball clinics, cardio fit, social play and competitive play for ages 5 and up. all ability levels are welcome. players are grouped by age and ability level. programs feature the fast start , games-based method for accelerated learning, development and fun!





register 











pickleball for adults and familiesroland park county school- indoors & outdoors garrison forest school- outdoors patterson park- outdoorstowson univ- outdoorsatholton park- outdoorswestern regional park - outdoors





register pb clinics


register pb play

















the area's best weekly  junior indoor league team tennis, match play and instruction program is  returning  for another great winter season !  register by august 16th and save up to $50!if you wish to play this year our on-line application for new jil players and returning jil players  should be completed with payment in full by august 16th to secure your spot  and to save up to $50.all player evaluation dates have been set . visit this page for complete details about our junior indoor league team tennis program! 	





visit holabird sports to find everything you need for tennis & pickleball!9220 pulaski hwy. baltimore, 21220ask for tom holmes- your btp go-to expert for tennis & pickleball .













fall outdoor team tennis 



	
	© 2021-2022 btp  contact me


















