







home page - harlem united


















































































  

























what we doour teamnewsways to giveget care





donate










advancing healthequity since 1988.






discrimination has destroyed the health of communities we love. together, we can fix that.




activists founded harlem united in a church basement in 1988. at a time of extreme stigma, they created a compassionate community for loved ones dying of aids.
today, we provide world-class hiv care. and over the years, we’ve expanded to provide services for many other healthcare needs. we’ve advocated for social justice and remained rooted in our community. we’ll keep at it until we achieve health equity.


donate









90% of clients would refer a friend to harlem united.





ceo named a top lgbtq leader in new york six years in a row.





one of the first syringe exchange programs in nyc — 25 years strong!











jade’s story
jade has been with harlem united since the very beginning. learn our story from someone who lived it.

get care













news


june 24, 2024
true pride means safety
ola’s primary care provider helped her win her asylum case, to protect her from homophobic persecution in her country of origin.read more



june 21, 2024
video: meet shakira
shakira is a long-time client and board member at harlem united. watch this video of her story!read more



june 13, 2024
in the media: harlem united on pride
harlem united advocates share our work with the lgbtq community this pride in a tv interviewread more







be the first to know about issues impacting our community!





 







































844.go.harlem306 malcolm x boulevard 3rd floornew york, ny 10027

contact us



join the team

see job openings




follow us
facebook
instagram
linkedin






privacy policy
terms of use








						cookies					

						we serve cookies. if you think that's ok, just click "accept all". you can also choose what kind of cookies you want by clicking "settings".													
								read our cookie policy							



							settings						

							accept all						




						cookies					

						choose what kind of cookies to accept. your choice will be saved for one year.													
								read our cookie policy							





necessary
these cookies are not optional. they are needed for the website to function.










statistics
in order for us to improve the website's functionality and structure, based on how the website is used.










experience
in order for our website to perform as well as possible during your visit. if you refuse these cookies, some functionality will disappear from the website.










marketing
by sharing your interests and behavior as you visit our site, you increase the chance of seeing personalized content and offers.












							save						

							accept all						




 






 







 

























































