  






christmas tree industry resources | penn state extension













 


  







 

 the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.  for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.     skip to content  menu browse by category close  animals and livestock animals and livestockclose    view all   dairy  dairyclose   view all   product quality   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety    business management    poultry  poultryclose   view all   production and management   product quality   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety    business management    beef cattle  beef cattleclose   view all   production and management   product quality   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety    business management    equine  equineclose   view all   pasture and environment management   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety    business management    swine  swineclose   view all   production and management   product quality   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety    business management    goats  goatsclose   view all   production and management   product quality   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety    business management    sheep  sheepclose   view all   production and management   product quality   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety   business management    llamas and alpacas  llamas and alpacasclose   view all   nutrition and feeding   health and care   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   business management    canine  canineclose   view all   nutrition and feeding   behavior and welfare   health and care   reproduction and genetics     forage and food crops  forage and food crops close    view all   agronomic crops  agronomic cropsclose   view all   production and harvesting   species and varieties   soil fertility and management    pests and diseases   weed management   organic production   sustainable agriculture   personal safety   business management    cover crops  cover cropsclose   view all   production and harvesting   species and varieties   soil fertility and management    pests and diseases   weed management   organic production   sustainable agriculture   personal safety   business management    forages  foragesclose   view all   production and harvesting   species and varieties   soil fertility and management    forage quality and testing   pests and diseases   weed management   organic production   sustainable agriculture   personal safety   business management    fruit  fruitclose   view all   production and harvesting   cultivars and rootstocks   soil fertility and management    pests and diseases   weed management   organic production   sustainable agriculture   personal safety   business management    mushrooms  mushroomsclose   view all   production and harvesting   substrate management   pests and diseases   food safety   business management    vegetables  vegetablesclose   view all   production and harvesting   species and varieties   soil fertility and management    pests and diseases   weed management   organic production   sustainable agriculture   personal safety   business management     trees, lawns, and landscaping trees, lawns, and landscapingclose    view all   aquatic plants and algae  aquatic plants and algaeclose   view all   species and varieties   pests and diseases   business management    christmas trees  christmas treesclose   view all   production and harvesting   pests and diseases   business management    home gardening  home gardeningclose   view all   planting and growing   species and varieties   soil management   pests and diseases   weed management   eco-friendly gardening   pollination and bees   landscaping for wildlife   animal control    ornamentals and floriculture  ornamentals and floricultureclose   view all   production   species and varieties   soil management   pests and diseases   weed management   facilities and technology   business management    trees and shrubs  trees and shrubsclose   view all   production   species and varieties   soil management   pests and diseases   weed management   personal safety   business management    turfgrass and lawn care  turfgrass and lawn careclose   view all   species and cultivars   establishment and renovation   fertility and soil management    cultural practices   pests and diseases   weed identification and management   athletic fields and sports turf   golf course turf   personal safety   business management     insects, pests, and diseases insects, pests, and diseasesclose    view all   pest, disease and weed identification  pest, disease and weed identificationclose   view all   insect identification and control   weed identification and control   plant disease identification and control    pesticide applicators  pesticide applicatorsclose   view all   certification and study materials   recertification   resources and best practices    pest management and education  pest management and educationclose   view all   agriculture   public/homeowners   educators and teachers    pollinators  pollinatorsclose   view all   beekeeping   habitat and landscape   identification and biology   pesticides   pollination services    vectors  vectorsclose   view all   tick identification and management   mosquito identification and management   vector-borne diseases     forests and wildlife forests and wildlifeclose    view all   forest management  forest managementclose   view all   management practices   invasive and competing plants   pests and diseases   legacy planning    forestry business and economics  forestry business and economicsclose   view all   agroforestry   county forest economic data   policy and ordinances   timber market report    forest products  forest productsclose   view all   biofuels   botanicals   maple syrup   wood products    urban forestry  urban forestryclose   view all   community forest management   tree care   tree selection and planting   municipal stormwater management    wildlife  wildlifeclose   view all   habitat management   wildlife ecology and conservation   wildlife nuisance and damage     food safety and quality food safety and qualityclose    view all   commercial food processing  commercial food processingclose   view all   good manufacturing practices   regulations   business management    dairy food processing  dairy food processingclose   view all   business management   production and processing   regulations   safety and sanitation    farm food safety  farm food safetyclose   view all   good agricultural practices   regulations    food service and retail  food service and retailclose   view all   food service safety   regulations   business management    home food preservation and safety  home food preservation and safetyclose   view all   food preservation   food safety    grape and wine production  grape and wine productionclose   view all   grape production   wine production   business management and marketing    beer, hard cider, and distilled spirits  beer, hard cider, and distilled spiritsclose   view all   production   business management     water waterclose    view all   drinking and residential water  drinking and residential waterclose   view all   water quality    supply and conservation   maintenance and treatment   testing and interpretation    pond management  pond managementclose   view all   water quality   pond maintenance   aquatic plants and algae   fisheries, wildlife, and ecology    urban and residential stormwater  urban and residential stormwaterclose   view all   water quality   flood control   design, construction, and maintenance    wastewater management  wastewater managementclose   view all   private septic systems   industrial    water for agriculture  water for agricultureclose   view all   conservation practices   irrigation water   livestock drinking water   nutrient management    watershed protection and restoration  watershed protection and restorationclose   view all   streams and rivers   water quality and management   watershed education    conservation practices and training  conservation practices and trainingclose   view all   ag literacy   conservation practices   administration and funding     energy  energy close    view all   marcellus shale and natural gas  marcellus shale and natural gasclose   view all   landowner leasing and royalties   economic and business impacts   environmental impacts   municipality and government impacts    renewable and alternative energy  renewable and alternative energyclose   view all   biofuels   energy use and efficiency   renewable energy resources     business and operations business and operationsclose    view all   starting a farm  starting a farmclose   view all   exploring farming   starting a business   introduction to agronomy   introduction to horticulture   introduction to livestock    business management  business managementclose   view all   business growth   financial   marketing and sales   risk management and insurance   transition and succession planning    human resources  human resourcesclose   view all   labor relations   professional development   volunteer management   workforce development    land and equipment  land and equipmentclose   view all   acquisition and leasing   emerging technology   maintenance    farm markets  farm marketsclose   view all   getting started   management   marketing    farm safety  farm safetyclose   view all   animal handling   farm emergency training   farm equipment and structures   protective gear   youth safety   disaster preparedness   agrability     community development community developmentclose    view all   community planning and engagement  community planning and engagementclose   view all   broadband   community development   leadership   local government   volunteer management    economic development  economic developmentclose   view all   see all economic development    land use  land useclose   view all   see all land use     youth, family, and health youth, family, and healthclose    view all   nutrition, diet, and health  nutrition, diet, and healthclose   view all   chronic disease   food allergies   fitness and exercise   mental health   nutrition and food    children and families  children and familiesclose   view all   early childhood care and education   family resiliency   financial wellness and literacy   substance use education   4-h youth development     browse all by education format browse all by education formatclose  articles articlesclose  conferences conferencesclose  guides and publications guides and publicationsclose  news newsclose  online courses online coursesclose  tools and apps tools and appsclose  videos videosclose  webinars webinarsclose  workshops workshopsclose  searchsearch search account  cart        home   trees, lawns, and landscaping   christmas trees     christmas trees     


thank you for your submission!


      articles christmas tree productioncarefully plan for the establishment and marketing of your potential christmas tree crop.read more   stay connected with the green industry team!sign-up to receive news, upcoming event information, and the monthly e-newsletter.
	get the latest news and information on classes, workshops, publications, videos, and online and in-person events. topics include landscape services/grounds management; turfgrass management; greenhouse, ornamental, and floriculture production; nursery and christmas tree production; cut flowers, business planning; spotted lanternfly; workforce development; and more.
by entering your email, you consent to receive communications from penn state extension. view our privacy policy.




















 featured articles        articles tips for selection and care of cut christmas trees by sandy feather, rick bates, ph.d., vincent cotrone  this article discusses how to choose the perfect christmas tree and keep it fresh.         articles evergreen shrubs and trees for pennsylvania by rick bates, ph.d.  this article explains hardiness and site requirements, landscape use, and characteristics of selected evergreen plants.         articles christmas tree production by lynn kime  carefully plan for the establishment and marketing of your potential christmas tree crop.         articles pine needle scale  the pine needle scale is a key native pest of pine, douglas-fir, spruce, and cedar in landscapes, nurseries, and christmas tree plantations in pennsylvania.         articles spruce diseases by gary w. moorman, ph.d.  informational table showing disease name, symptoms, pathogen/cause, and management of spruce diseases.   getting started        articles evergreen shrubs and trees for pennsylvania by rick bates, ph.d.  this article explains hardiness and site requirements, landscape use, and characteristics of selected evergreen plants.         articles christmas tree production by lynn kime  carefully plan for the establishment and marketing of your potential christmas tree crop.         articles diagnosing poor plant health by gary w. moorman, ph.d.  many things make plants unwell and pests and diseases are only two causes of poor plant growth.         articles european pine sawfly  the european pine sawfly is common in pennsylvania. the larval stage feeds on the needles of pine trees in landscapes, nurseries, and christmas tree plantations.         articles pine needle scale  the pine needle scale is a key native pest of pine, douglas-fir, spruce, and cedar in landscapes, nurseries, and christmas tree plantations in pennsylvania.   your challenges, our expertiseconnect with us for the latest research-based knowledge and hands-on know-how. find experts who will work with you in person or online to answer questions, solve problems, and seize opportunities. meet the experts  resources and programs     agricultural analytical services laboratoryaasl provides a wide range of testing programs for soils, water, plants, biosolids, and other agricultural materials.read more   insect identification laba service of the department of entomology that provides identification of insects.read more       christmas trees have been sold commercially in the united states since around 1850 when most were cut from forests. midway through the last century, tree farms began to appear, and now most christmas trees are grown on farms. if you want to grow trees worthy of a winter wonderland, make use of penn state extension’s extensive resources. find information to improve tree quality, eliminate pests, manage weeds, and more. learn how to increase your profits and market your trees.
the christmas tree industry in pennsylvania
the pennsylvania ready-cut christmas tree industry has been in existence since the mid-nineteenth century. the state is one of the top us producers, along with oregon, north carolina, michigan, wisconsin, and washington. there are around 1,400 christmas tree farms in pa. they take up 31,000 acres of the state and produce approximately 1 million cut trees every year. on average, three new seedlings are planted in place of each cut tree.
if you’re looking for a profitable cash crop for your small acreage, growing christmas trees is an attractive option. the crop is low maintenance, ideal for a spare-time project, and can produce a good income for years to come. you only need to plant a small acreage. as the trees mature over an average of eight years, you can harvest and replant them to provide a steady income.
you can harvest most tree varieties when they reach a height of between 5 to 7 feet. this takes around eight years. the standard spacing is 5’x 5’, and you also have to allow for loading areas and access roads every 12-15 rows. taking all this into account, you can plant around 1,500 trees per acre. to ensure a steady income, you should aim to plant or replant one-eighth of your acreage every year, which is about 200 trees per acre.
plenty of advice and guidance is available such as the christmas tree growers meeting and trade show and regular green industry conferences. both provide opportunities for beginners and more experienced growers to stay up to date on the latest research, techniques, and technology.
christmas tree farming: getting started
christmas tree production is a great option when space is limited, but you require a crop that offers a good return on your investment. before you plant your first tree, you should learn all that is needed to grow a crop from start to finish.
factors to consider include production and harvesting techniques and soil management. knowing which christmas tree types your customers prefer will help you pick the right cultivars.
integrated pest management plays a vital role in any successful christmas tree farm. it is crucial for you to identify, monitor, and control disease and insect pests that might affect your crop. pests and diseases can seriously affect your profits.
put in the right amount of effort in the beginning, and a christmas tree operation can be financially rewarding and personally satisfying.  select a categorynarrow by: categories production and harvesting 4 pests and diseases 16 business management 4 see all christmas trees 24  education format   articles  news  guides and publications  videos    you may also be interested in...        articles pine needle scale the pine needle scale is a key native pest of pine, douglas-fir, spruce, and cedar in landscapes, nurseries, and christmas tree plantations in pennsylvania.        articles christmas tree production carefully plan for the establishment and marketing of your potential christmas tree crop.        articles bagworm the bagworm is a perennial insect pest of arborvitae, juniper, pine, spruce, and many other evergreen species. it also attacks certain deciduous trees such as black locust, honeylocust, and sycamore.        guides and publications integrated pest management for christmas tree production identify, monitor, and control disease and insect pests affecting your christmas tree farm.   







personalize
                your experience with penn state extension and stay informed of
                the latest in agriculture. newslettersign up for our newsletter: subscribe college of agricultural sciences
the pennsylvania state university
323 agricultural administration building
university park, pa 16802penn state extension on facebookpenn state extension on linkedinpenn state extension on twitterpenn state extension on youtubeinstagram
 about
                            extension
                        aboutleadershipcareersextension newspresscounty offices
                            customer service
                        help centerlogin problemsmanage email preferencescontact usother
                            programs
                        pennsylvania 4-hbetter kid caremaster gardeners
 youth safetyprivacy and legal statementsveterinary advice statementaccessibility© 2025 the pennsylvania state university email address is required to loginplease enter your email address below to create account.email sign in   


























































