








complete guide to bipolar disorder symptoms, diagnosis and treatment | learn about bipolar disorder















































complete guide to bipolar disorder symptoms, diagnosis and treatment
learn about bipolar disorder



menu
skip to content
what is bipolar disorder?

bipolar diagnosis
understanding mania
understanding depressive disorders


bipolar symptoms

kay jamison describes what it’s like to have bipolar disorder
symptoms of mania
icd-10 criteria for bipolar
bipolar questionaire
depression diagnosis checklist
mania diagnosis checklist


bipolar resources and links

books on bipolar disorder
online bipolar resource links
guide to bipolar disorder websites
mood charting

mood charting instructions




bipolar treatments

bipolar treatments and medication guide
children and bipolar disorder


living with bipolar disorder

bipolar and alchoholism
bipolar questionaire


about us
 

search for:



 







a complete guide to bipolar disorder


welcome, to bipolarhome.org the complete guide to bipolar disorder symptoms, diagnosis and treatment. bipolar disorder also known as manic depressive disorder affects millions of people each year. those who live with this disorder have incredible highs (mania) and disabling lows (depression).
this site contains information to help you better cope and understand bipolar disorder. find out more below..

what is bipolar disorder?
bipolar disorder is characterized by extreme mood swings between mania or elevated mode and depression. find more information on bipolar.
new!! we just added a message board so you can connect with others who cope with bipolar disorder.
bipolar disorder symptoms
we provide helpful information on bipolar disorder symptoms so that you can be better informed when you speak to your doctor.
bipolar disorder diagnosis
this checklist will will help you be better informed when you see your doctor.
bipolar disorder treatments and medications
also we have information on the various bipolar disorder treatments available to you.
bipolar and children
do you suspect your child has bipolar? learn about the signs of bipolar with your child and mistakes to avoid.
living with bipolar disorder
get helpful hints on living with bipolar disorder.
our recommendations for bipolar books, and educational and bipolar website resources to cope and better understand bipolar disorders.
 












proudly powered by wordpress





