        


   issn |             





















































 



    international identifier for serialsand other continuing resources, in the electronic and print world 





english



français (french)



español (spanish)



简体中文 (chinese (simplified))



العربية (arabic)



русский (russian)










  enter a phrase or keyword:     

contactdata and standards departmentsecretariatsales departmentsubjectsubjectissn products and servicesltwadownloading issn-l tableissn certificateissn premiumotheremail*

send me a copy


messagecaptchaemailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  















     the centre and the network

our mission

the issn international centre
annual reports and plans


our organization

the issn network
issn statutes
issn bodies


members countries

the issn network today
become a member of the issn network
why join the issn?


our partners
our projects


understanding the issn

issn in short
assignment rules and formats

assignment policy
the issn for electronic media
linking issn
learn more
issn manual
issn marc21 and unimarc profiles
pressoo
issn linked data application profile


issn uses

use of issn in gtin codes
use of issn for doi identifiers
practical uses of the issn


the issn international portal
standardization


services

requesting an issn

national centres directory
international centre directory
multinational publishers directory


subscribe to the issn portal

subscription options
pricing


online services

road
tas
keepers registry
issn-l table (linking issn)
title word abbreviations (iso 4 standard)
urn


customised services

issn premium




          the issn network is comprised of issn national centres.
their activity is coordinated by the issn international
centre located in paris.
 read more        2.5 million issn assigned,
more than 70,000 new issn per year and 130,000 issn modified per year: https://portal.issn.org
 read more        the issn is the international standardized code which identifies all serials, journals, magazines,  periodicals irrespective of their medium (print or electronic)
 read more        navigate the ocean of periodicals with the issn: subscribe to the issn portal
 read more      
requesting an issn


find a national centre


subscribe to the issn portal

  news +  2025/01/21 -  issn international centre assessment of the 2020-2024 strategic plan is available! the evaluation of the issn international centre’s 2020-2024 strategic plan highlights key achievements, challenges and future goals. achiev... 2025/01/21 -  the issn international centre action plan 2025 – 2029 is now available ! the issn international centre’s action plan 2025 – 2029 outlines strategic objectives to enhance global bibliographic data services for serial pub... 2024/12/04 -  issn portal data used for a paper at the open science conference in the south (cape town, 9-11 december 2024) innocent azilan (institut méditerranéen des sciences de l’information et de la communication, france), hanae hr...       who are we ?
contact us
site map
site archives
 issn portal
statutory copyright information
careers
   join us       issn community for national centres only 
username or email address


password




 forgot your password ?   newslettersubscribe      view the latest issue of the newsletter view all the newsletter issues    














































