


seo - search engine optimizers - www.seo-searchengineoptimizers.com






















watch video, call us now: (610)664-0519

no money due until you see your website on google's 1st page


get google 1st page seo results in 1 to 12 days!




2022 tde seo process - guaranteed 100% google "white hat" seopowerful website promotion strategy, based on natural/organic keyword search engine positioning  get google, yahoo & bing unlimited keywords, with quickest results, at far less cost!because there is no need to charge any more.
 ***** click to read dozens of 5-star bbb reviews *****

tde is an a+ rated seo firm with the better business bureau call us 7 days a week! 10:30am to 10:30pm edt / 7:30am to 7:30pm pacific - don't waste another day

call now: (610)664-0519 . . . no money due until you see results!

we are seo exclusive! - search engine optimizers
precision google seo for the trade since 1998
get quick seo cost details via e-mail




 tde seo guarantees 100% google, yahoo & bing

"white hat" compliance with all html page elementsand procedures affecting search engine page rank, including:


alt tags    anchor text    backlink detection    backlink infrastructure    banned webstie restoration    body text    bot crawling instructions    broken link issues    canonicalization / canonical urls    diy cms platform issues    follow, nofollow    forensic analysis    google coverage isssues    google console issues    google manual actions    google updates    google verification file    google webmaster tools   h1 tags    .htaccess    index, noindex    meta description    meta keywords    mirror site issues   keyword casing    keyword conflicts    keyword consistency    keyword density / overdensity    keyword quantity    keyword relevancy    keyword semantics    keyword separation    keyword sequencing    keyword stuffing   page splitting    page title    redirect, 301 issues    robots.txt file    sitemap.xml file    ssl certificates    title tags    toxic backlinks    toxic one-size-fit-all cms code    url path & slugs    utf-8 encoding    wordpress defaults conflicts    wordpress yoast conflicts    more!
 call us 7 days a week, 10:30am to 10:30pm edt - don't waste another day
(610)664-0519



technonogy data exchange is an a+ rated seo company, accredited by the better business bureau
bbb 5-star seo reviews & testimonials

 "i've worked with george and tde on several seo projects for clients of mine, and the results have been excellent. his knowledge of how search engines and their bots operate, and what they look for when indexing sites, is enlightening. the clients i've referred to tde are all achieving the search engine positioning and exposure we set out to achieve thanks to george and his staff."joe engelson, web developer. www.jewebdesign.com - los angeles, ca
"i never knew it was possible to get on google's first page within 1 day, but the tde seo team got me there for about 100 keyword combinations almost instantly. george insisted that i forget what i thought i knew about seo, and what others have told me in the past. my commercial janitorial service is now doing coronavirus cleanup & disinfection's, so i could not afford to wait months for google seo results. i thought i was hearing things when george said he can deliver same day google 1st page search results by midnight, but he did exactly that, like magic. george is amazing, i just hope my competitors do not find george and tde, because they will have tapped into a valuable resource. if you are a business owner, stop looking and hire tde asap. the money that i paid tde is pennies compared to the money i am going to make. i will recoup my money back in 30 days. i have researched seo companies for the past five years and "everyone" of them has told me "greg, there are no guarantees", "it takes four months to see improvements", "you have to pay us for six months before you see results", etc etc etc. george and tde is my seo company until i retire in 15 years, i will automatically renew with them. personally i think tde prices are a little to low, i was expecting to pay about 25% more. i cannot say enough about the level of professionalism and knowledge at tde, george is a beast, he works 12 hours a day; him and i have talked nights and weekends, i have asked him the same question five different times and he provides brilliant answers, five different times. if there was a rating beyond five stars, george would get it."gregory gray - commercial janitorial services. www.procleanusa.org - pennsylvania, new jerrsey & delaware
"as the producers of the largest conferences, we need to quickly attract thousands of owners, marketers, etc. in order to satisfy our exhibitors each year. thanks to the seo expertise of george pachter and his team our conference has grown year over year. i have worked with other seo companies and he is the best. easy to work with, smart, he actually cares and does an amazing job! he will get the job done, it's that simple. i am a business a top conference organizer and he has helped me position my brand as one of the #1 conferences in my market. we are thankful and grateful for all the work his company has done for us over the years. i highly recommend him to you."mario stuart, conference producer. www.theeventplannerexpo.com - new york, ny
"after waiting over 6 months for organic seo results which never showed up i engaged the services of tde and within several days was on google's first page for my choice keywords, related to laser scanning and laser tracking metrology services in central florida and now going nationwide. george pachter delivered very quick seo results beyond my expectations, and for less money."mark andrews, pres. -  florida based laser scanning & tracking company, offering nationwide services. www.matrixmetrology.com - indialantic, fl
"i was really excited to find my dermatology practice website showing up on google's first page in a matter of just a few days. dozens of search terms related to medical dermatology and cosmetic dermatology are now delivering my site organically on google's first page. i would definitely refer technology data exchange and george pachter to anyone requiring similar results."dr. mary e. griffin -  medical & cosmetic dermatology practice. www.baladermatology.com - bala cynwyd, pa
"we saw quick results for over 50 of our search terms on google's first page within 48 hours. we were told to expect results in 1 to 12 days, so we were surprised and excited when george sent us the first keyword audit within just a couple of days. we find technology data exchange / tde to be most professional and unique, due to their proprietary google backlink infrastructure and their html programming technique, which proved itself for two of our boston area websites. tde provides exceptional customer service. they have responded quickly to e-mails and calls and provided thorough explanations to all questions regarding our search engine optimization program."carol a, tour bus & charter bus operator. www.graylineboston.com and  www.brushhilltours.com  - boston, ma & new england
 "i am from missouri, and st. louis is where my business rjl resume writers and career consultants, llc is headquartered. so naturally for me to believe in a service, i would need to be shown how the service works. george took the time to converse and show me exactly how the results would be achieved. then he did what he said he was going to do, place my business on google search first page in less than 2 few weeks versus months and months that it takes other seo companies to achieve the same thing.my company provides career search tools such as writing highly effective resumes and cover letters, and then we help our clients to be found by creating powerful linkedin profiles that make recruiters take notice. we are considered by career coaches and now thousands of our clients as the best resume writing service in the industry. i needed to get the word out to the google crowd just how i can make a difference in their career search, and tde seo did that for me. i am now ranking on the first page on google using a large variety of search terms in the st. louis area. i am also contracted with tde seo to provide the same service for all of new england. my website, rjlresume.com, has been receiving countless hits and phone calls. my clients can reach me at 314-779-1964, and that number has been ringing off the hook. i am considering hiring additional personnel, but first i must find high quality certified resume writers that are considered the top resume writers in the industry. if you want a peace of mind that your seo investment is going to pay off in a big way, contact george pachter, and he will get you the results that you are seeking. seo may cost a little, but not having your company on the first page of google is far more costly. the best answer on how to reach your potential clients is to hire george pachter and his technical staff at tde seo.  thank you george!"robert j. linderer, acrw, ma -  a st. louis, mo based resume writing service and career consulting firm. www.rjlresume.com - st. louis, mo
"our client was in need of seo for a website offering data breach protection / intrusion protection and other cyber security products. we wanted to partner with a provider that had lots of experience in seo, had excellent feedback, and could demonstrate results. well after lots of research, we found tde and george pachter. within just a few days, they delivered! tde was able to get the website to come up in google's first page organic search results, for many phrases. they definitely do precision seo like nothing we have seen before. we plan to use tde many times. highly recommended!"marketing dept.,  leading cyber security company, offering data breach / data intrusion prevention products. www.snoopwall.com - nashua, nh www.thelocalsearchcompany.com - matt ide, digital marketing consultant to client - hollis, nh
 "these people really know organic marketing and they don't nickel and dollar my company. they have really restored my faith. the owner is on the job and he cares." jake kody, lighting fixtures. www.kodylighting.com- wayne, pa
"delivering on performance! we provide onsite safety courses for forklift and overhead crane operators in the georgia area, certifying them for osha compliance. prior to tde seo service we were never found at google.  i was extremely skeptical about such a promise of performance in this current business environment but i'm very pleased to find that the promise was kept.  within days keywords and search terms began to deliver us on google page #1, with more and more being activated by the tde seo team weekly. thank you george!" dennis diamond, osha certificate forklift & overhead crane operator onsite safery training. www.diamondtrainingservices.com - georgia and nationwide.
    "i am a nyc entertainment company with a small website (6 pages) that hasn't gotten much exposure in my highly competitive market. geroge and his seo team got me on google's first page in only 7 days with their keyword specialty. george is very knowledgeable in his area of expertise and was very helpful throughout the process." charlie g., wedding entertainer. www.acgentertainmentnyc.com - new york city
 "knowledgable, patient to explain, responsive and effective seo. i employed the services of tde and was very pleased with the results. i highly recommend this company." barbara f., physical therapy center. www.northjerseypt.com - essex county, nj
 "george and his team are excellent! excellent response times when responding to your emails, and very thorough with explaining their service and how to help your business. highly recommmended!." bryant & sandy j., microblading eyebrows, semi-permanent makeup salon. www.sjmicroblading.com - sacramento, ca
"the best seo company around. seriously, they get the job done." jaime e. quinteros, jr., advertising agency / digital marketing. www.theqmg.com -  - washington, dc - new site under development.
"i design and make custom jewelry in palm beach, specializing in creating one of a kind engagement rings, wedding rings and bands and special diamond jewelry at competitive prices. i almost gave up on seo until using tde and was impressed with how quickly i found my site on google's first pages for over 50 keywords in about one week's time. anyone needing similar results should definitely use this firm. ."brian cundiff -  a florida based custom jewelry craftsman, specializin in diamond jewelry. www.bccustomjewelry.com - fort lauderdale, fl
 "i've worked in the it field for 20 years and have a very solid grasp on how seo works so i was skeptical of whether or not george could deliver on his promise of immediate results. george offered to do a trial wherein he committed that a limited set of search terms would be on page 1 the next day and he absolutely delivered on each and every one of them. as a result, we've signed up for a year of service with tde.i'm happy to be a reference for anyone interested: ken@fdpstudios.com" ken braatz -  a professional photographer serving the palm beach county, fl area, specializing in weddings, portraiture and headshot photography. www.fdpstudios.com - boynton beach, fl
 "thanks to tde's quick seo results my property preservation website can now be found on google's first page by mortgage companies and other property owners in need to preserve their assests after a foreclosue or a moveout.  i also asked tde to get me found by contractors and subcontractors looking for work in this field and got great results as well within days.  i recommend anyone who needs google first page seo results to look no furhter than the tde team." ron herbruck -  a property preservation contractor, serving mortgage companies wishing to preserve their foreclosed assets nationwide. www.propertyservicescompany.com - st. augistine, fl
 call us 10:30am to 10:30pm edt - don't waste another day

call now: (610)664-0519 . . . no money due until you see results!
get quick seo cost details via e-mail



click here to see realtime tde clients' seo results!
please call us now: (610)664-0519
optimized for google, yahoo & bing by  www.seo-searchengineoptimizers.com  seo services of the technology data exchange / tde seo backlinks

© copyright 1998-2022 - technology data exchange, inc.  -  (610)664-0519



