





apache junction public library

























































skip to content




1177 n. idaho rd., apache junction, az 85119480-474-8555facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
open monday - thursday 9 am - 8 pm, friday - saturday 9 am - 5 pm
















library cards

get a library cardrenew my library cardajusd student library cards
catalog

search the catalognew york times bestseller list

fictionnonfiction 
staff picksreceive new material emails
check my accountevents

upcoming eventsprintable monthly calendarreceive event emails
services





computer labprint to the library printer (110877)job search help

help with your job searchjob search resources 
audiovisual studiomakerspace 


culture passeswifi hotspotsrokuseed library 


room reservation

meeting room reservationstudy room reservation 
 


fun van by first things firsttax help 


outreach

home delivery servicemobile library 
 
 




live online tutoring (brainfuse)study rooms 
 

digital collections





cloudlibrary - ebooksfreegal - musicgreater phoenix digital library - ebooks & morehoopla - movies & musicuniversal class - learning for everyone 


research & databases

arts & humanitiesbiographybooks & literaturebusiness, finance & investingdiy (do it yourself)educationen espanolentertainmentenvironmentfederal documentsgenealogygovernment & legalhealth & medicinehistory & humanitiesjob searchlanguagemagazines & newspapersreferencesciencesearch engines & emailstudent resourcesvehicles 
 
 




comicspluskanopy - stream cinema 
 

about us





faqlibrary policieslocal historyparking at the library 


library boardlibrary staff 


employmentvolunteer information 


 
 




email usphoto gallerystrategic plan 
 

360 virtual tour of the library



 



search for:
































please take the 5 minute strategic planning survey below about the library so we may serve you better!



strategic planning survey
we want to know how we can better serve you! please complete this 5 minute survey.
https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/3hcn6tj



printing, faxing, scanning, and computer use
you can use a computer, print, fax, scan, and more from the library.
send your pages to be printed at the library from any device. once sent, you have 48 hours to pick your prints up. click here to print!  (our printer id is 110877.)



fiero code
learn to code with our new service, fiero code! recommended for ages 8+. be on the lookout for code club at the library. click the link, then click on sign-up to create your free account.

chat loading…






adults

staff picksseed libraryclubs and programscomputer labtax help



teens

teen volunteer applicationhomework help



children

storywalk®fun van supported by first things first





“the apache junction public library is a welcoming destination providing education, technology, information and entertainment, enriching lives of individuals and families in our diverse community.”our mission statement













ada information the city of apache junction invites and welcomes people of all disabilities to use our programs, sites and facilities. any question about library services for people with disabilities can be answered by our library ada coordinator (480) 474-8555, tdd 711 or ada@ajpl.org. additional information may be found at https://www.apachejunctionaz.gov/791/ada-accessibility-and-civil-rights.

 

friends of the library thank you to the friends of the apache junction public library, a nonprofit organization which assists the public library in serving the people of apache junction by providing funds for special materials, literacy projects, equipment and programming which are not covered by city funds. tax id: 86-0508052

 


find us

1177 n. idaho rd., apache junction, az 85119 (parking information) 480-474-8555click here to send us an email
 






copyright 2025 — apache junction public library. all rights reserved. sinatra wordpress theme








  
scroll to top















































 


