

  




miami limo rental - limousine rental miami florida party bus


























(866) 953-6665








menu



home

fleet

services

pricing
bus rentals












home  



lincoln stretch limos
 

          
hummer limos
 

         

        
cadillac escalade limos
 

         

        
chrysler 300 limos
 

         

        
sprinter / party bus
 

         

        
coach bus
 

         



        








   party limo rentals

    





     sprinter bus rentals

    





    party bus rentals

    





     bachelor/bachelorette party bus rentals

    





      stretch limo rentals

    





     wedding limo rentals

    





     airport limo rentals

    







nationwide services available






what others are saying...



 ....it was the most incredible limo bus i have ever been in!!  we rented it for my best friend’s bachelorette party back in october and had a great time.. 










 ....loved our limo and had a blast at the marc anthony concert, the driver was great!  the limo was goregous.... 










 ....enjoyed our service last weekend in miami with the party bus.  the bus was amazing and blew me away when i walked on board..... 


















   



    



instant price estimates!
start here
view 1000's of limos, party buses, & motor coaches serving the entire usa!

florida's #1 limousine service and bus service
luxury limousine wants to be your number one party bus and limo service in the state of florida. we have the largest selection of party buses and limousines. our famous hummer limos hold up to 20 passengers, and come in an assortment of colors and styles. our vehicle service the following cities and surrounding areas

boca raton
wellington
west palm beach
fort lauderdale
tallahassee


vero beach
st augustine
stuart
tampa
lake worth

you will be amazed by the space inside the party buses, limos and charter buses as well as the attention you're going to get the moment you arrive at your event. limo rentals are what you'll find throughout the site. so when you need to book a limo in miami, get limo quotes, make reservations, or need an airport transfer let us assist you in booking the right vehicle for you.
if a hummer limo isn't your style then check out a party bus rental which can seat up to 50 passengers. with our party buses you can find yourself traveling to some of the best destinations. there are a wide variety of luxurious and spacious hummers and party buses to select from. preview a large selection of our limo and party bus fleet just for your travel plans. when your in ohio, you can count on party bus cincinnati! nearby is our trusted partner party bus indianapolis!
take a ride in a limo rental to some of the most popular hotspots for a special event or a night out. you'll be amazed by the many different places you travel to when you're with friends to celebrate a variety of fun occasions. with our nationwide limo services you're going to be excited by the vip feel you get just for riding inside one of the vehicles. the moment that you step foot into a limo you're going to be amazed by all of the fun and entertaining things you can do inside.


free quote in less than 30 seconds!
get a quote now!
get a quote now!
miami limousine service
we have the best miami limousine service ready to take you out on the town! want to go to ft lauderdale or west palm beach, florida? no problem. miami airport limo service and miami airport transportation - if you are flying into miami international airport, and need a ride from miami to key west, our miami limo service fleet will have the ride you're searching for!
are you looking for a miami limousine service that will provide you with a great and entertaining outing to your favorite hotspot? find a lincoln stretch limo, hummer limo, escalade limousine, chrysler 300 limo, excursion limo, or a miami rolls royce limo just for what you are looking for. if you're looking for the best miami limos, then give us a call or click on the live chat to request a quote or to check limousine rental availability. make sure to check out exotic and attention grabbing miami pink limos!
with amazing lights and surround sound you are going to feel the nightclub atmosphere unlike any miami limo. the great thing about booking a miami limo is the many different options available for you and your guests. from an escalade, excursion or hummer miami limo you are going to enjoy celebrating like a rock star. your events in the city are going to be just like the city itself, amazing.
limousine in have become the hottest experience since the explosion of south beach, and being there to experience the nightlife is what it is all about. rent a hummer limousine in miami fl and fit up to 20 friends in one vehicle, blast music, dance, and have the time of your life.
with a miami limo to the arena you can enjoy a concert of your favorite artist or check out the basketball team take on all challengers. ride to south beach in a miami limo and enjoy the many different nightclubs such as mansion, dream, and liv. the miami limo is your designated driver for the evening and you can just focus on having a good time even in traffic.


search our rental fleet now!
get started

booking a limo rental will offer you the extra kick you need for your celebration. you can find yourself completing plans for your wedding and selecting a hummer limo rental that will make it all worth it at the end. so if you're having a beach ceremony, or a reception, no worries a luxury vehicle will be your guide into your event.
you can book a limo rental for all those big and important celebrations like a quinceañera, sweet sixteen celebration, or bachelorette party. with the selection of limo services in fort lauderdale your birthday, night on the town and even your corporate transportation to the convention center for an entertaining cruise are set and ready to go!
luxury limousine is the party bus service in usa for all ages, budgets, and group sizes. check out the 15 passenger, 25 passenger or 50 passenger coach bus ready to make your trip a success. at luxury limousine you can make plans to take a party bus rental to your destination with some of the most competitive prices. so do yourself a favor and make the call!
preview party buses, limo rentals, & motor coaches
luxury limousine works with a variety of affiliate transportation companies that have a fresh and stylish fleet of party buses and coach bus rentals.
party buses & limo services near me
we offer party bus services all over the united states. luxury limousine started out by providing great variety of different affiliate party bus rentals for airport shuttle service, bus rental to local attractions, charter bus tours, as well as limo service ft lauderdale transfers.
call for shuttle bus quotes, airport transfers, cruise ships transportations, birthday celebrations and a lot more. so if you are looking for courteous drivers, nice clean vehicles, and dependable transportation luxury limousine has a great list of affiliates that we work with.
we screen all the companies before we provide them with the job and with the help of all of our guests we are able to provide only the top of the line!

popular service areas

aventura boca raton
coral gables ft lauderdale
pompano beach
hollywood tampa


jacksonville
hollywood
gainesville
cape coral


if you are in search of something a bit roomier look into a shuttle bus or book a coach bus that is capable of providing airport transfer service. need a ride to prom, wedding and more? we have you covered there as well. could you imagine transferring your small wedding in a luxury limo bus? with the additional room that booking a party bus provides you with an entire office travel in the vehicle to a corporate event and even receive airport transfer services.

making a reservation for a party bus or limo
you can reserve a limousine service within minutes whether it is for an all day event or just a few hours. we also have beautiful white stretch lincoln's and excursions, for price conscious brides looking for wedding limousines. the limousines and party buses are excellent for quinceañera, bachelor parties, bachelorette parties, nights on the town, birthday celebrations, dolphins tailgate events, any sporting event, wine tour, holiday parties, corporate functions, airport transfers, funerals, city tours, with a beach limo.
luxury limousine has been a proud provider of transportation service, airport transfer service, and as one of the largest provider of hummer limo rentals you are going to be set for the night! call now to get exact limo rates, for charter transportation, limo hire costs, and see what kind of deals we are currently offering. as we try to stay on top of what’s hot and what’s not, its challenging as the in scene can change fast.
people have long admired our limo service as it has the total flare that tourists and locals demand when out on the go. if you like to dance, party buses have been reviewed heavily on line and some very positive things have been logged . if you want to be downtown for a fabulous time and tropical drinks you can pull up in front of all the patrons seated outside in the café section in a beautiful sleek hot pink rental and step out as a star.


visit our partners
if you're going to be in the capital city, be sure to look up tallahassee party bus. with some of the richest history in florida, there are endless sites to see.
many spring breakers visit philly and require safe transportation. that's why party bus philadelphia is here to help, offering safe transportation so you can enjoy your vacation.
if you are in central florida, be sure to use our partner company party bus orlando!
additional partners include new orleans party bus and party bus rental
.


we have party buses, limos, and motor coaches
limo prices






instant price estimates!
start here
view 1000's of limos, party buses, & motor coaches serving the state of florida




© 2001-2025aboutsitemap

this website is for advertising purposes only. no vehicles are available for rental through this site. we do not own or operate vehicles.. any and all rentals are to be performed by outside affiliate networks. 












instantly view limos, party buses, and charter buseslive results in less than 15 secondsenter your trip details below (no email required)compare prices, photos, and reviews
×
 

terms of use





