






sheet metal workers local 25













































 

















covid-19

order free covid-19 tests


rapid response team
who we are

leadership
smwia
history of smwia
organize your workplace
gallery


referral hall/job bank

local referral hall rules


members

members only login
legal services
scholarships
retirees
in memoriam
political action
afl-cio (cope)
non-discrimination notice
union building trades federal credit union


benefits

cigna
aetna
transparency in coverage
pension and benefits information
disability benefits
prudential retirement
sasmi
sasmi forms
lower hudson valley eap
prudential retirement
sheet metal workers national pension fund
general vision services


training center

advanced training classes
ventilation verification/indoor air quality for technicians class
apprentice information & application
apprentice training center
non-discrimination notice





 contact









the best trained professionals
hire a local 25 sheet metal professional and reap the benefits of joint labor management
contact us

watch video
joseph demark, jr.
president/business manager
local 25 smart
“we continue education after our four-year apprenticeship. we offer a curriculum for colleges to earn credit, and it’s a great program. 
you actually earn while you learn. so become a sheet metal worker. 
being part of a building trades union is fantastic.”
2024 mid-atlantic regional apprentice contest
local 25 contestants




 




apprenticeship applications are closed for the current period.
notifications will be going for the entrance exam via email.

if you are still interested in applying please check back with us in march 2025
 




 




sign up for advanced training classes
advanced training classes
 

powder actuated tools certification
login/register – hilti

osha 10 / osha 30
you can opt to take osha 10 or osha 30. the cost for the osha 10-hour is $45 and osha 30-hour is $115. this seminar will teach you about the occupational safety health act, the standards for general industry construction and employee and employer responsibilities as they relate to job site safety. osha certification card included with completion of this class.
sign up for class
sign up for union fusion
we have recently upgraded our membership system to union fusion. all members are encouraged to sign up for their new account. it’s quick and takes just a minute to complete!
 

already have a union fusion account, please login below!
already a member? click to login below!
 

 

membership meeting schedule 2024
learn more




announcements
 
 
newsnj afl-cio president charles wowkanech swearing in local 25 eboard member and organizer, gregory conte as secretary-treasurer to the nwclc (northwest central labor council)

newsamerica’s work force union podcastsheet metal workers (smw) local 25 president and business manager joe demark, jr. joined the america’s work force union podcast…
newsmurphy cheered by union members at rally before first debatehundreds of union brothers and sisters were absolutely electric in their enthusiasm as they rallied in support of pro-worker gov. phil murphy ahead of his gubernatorial debate on tuesday, september 28. their cheers hailed him as the right choice in this year’s election.
applicationsbecome a local 25 apprentice


 

 
we are sheet metal workers local 25
yes, there is a difference among sheet metal unions. when choosing a union contractor, compare apples to apples. local 25 is a member of the new jersey state building & construction trades council (njctc), affiliated with the afl-cio, and members of the international association of sheet metal air and railroad transportation (smart). the smart union boasts members and locals throughout the u.s. and canada.

political action


legal services


retirees




our partners























sign me up:

for the union newsletter to stay up to date on the latest union news.



email


 











 





leadership
rapid response team
retirees
pension and benefits information
legal services
non-discrimination notice




connect with usfacebook
rss































