

















the divorce center new york & new jersey | affordable divorces near you in ny & nj | no lawyers | flat fee $499
















































 















 


email:
divorce911@thedivorcecenter.com


new jersey:nj:
1-800-762-3111


new york:ny:
1-800-414-0333







home
new york divorce

ny divorce essentials
ny divorce online
ny divorce faqs
nyc divorce center


new jersey divorce

nj divorce essentials
nj divorce online
nj divorce faqs
atlantic city area
cherry hill
brick
elizabeth
east brunswick
vineland


online divorce
about us
faq
blog
resources
contact
 






divorce $499new york & new jersey
no divorce lawyers. no racking up costs. our paralegals do it all for one flat affordable fee.



fast uncontested divorces  
spouse’s signature not needed
fully guaranteed
divorce centers near you




over 40 years in business
250,000 divorces filed
better business bureau: a+ rating
se habla espanol




new york divorce
new jersey divorce
online divorce


“i need a divorce lawyer near me. can you help?”
we hear this question all the time. and the answer is… 90% of divorcing couples don’t need a lawyer at all.
lawyers are for big messy divorces. they’re for custody battles and carving up assets, when no-one is giving an inch.
if your divorce is uncontested – there’s a much more affordable way.
the divorce center has been around for over 40 years, helping couples to legally separate without all that pain and expense. in new york and new jersey, our paralegals file for thousands of divorces every month. they handle the paperwork, deal with the courts. not a lawyer in sight!
pop into a divorce center near you, and we’ll get things moving. or if you prefer, stay home and file your divorce online.
either way, we’ll make your divorce cheaper… easier… faster. then you can start your new life quickly, free of legal debts.


price options

new york divorces$499


divorce center fee
$499


plus court fee
$335


your court fee is paid directly to the court. they may waive it if you receive ssi or public assistance.
find out more

new jersey divorces$499


divorce center fee
$499


plus court fee
$300


the court fee is paid directly to the court. an extra $25 charge applies if you have dependent children.
find out more

online divorces$499


divorce center fee
$499


plus court fee
$335*


* you pay the court fee for your local state - new york or new jersey. maximum fee is $335, paid direct to the court.  
find out more



7 divorce centers acrossnew york & new jersey

new jersey
atlantic city areacherry hillelizabethbrickeast brunswickvineland

new york
new york city



or file your divorce online

get started now





got a question?
check our divorce faqs for new york and new jersey. or click the button to send us your question – we’ll get right back to you.

new york faqnew jersey faq

ask us now



our clients love us… and so will you!



now i can move on with my life
i never believed it was possible to receive a divorce without forcing myself into bankruptcy. however, i'm posting this review to let everyone know that the divorce center is the real deal.
in just 27 days, their excellent team helped me receive an uncontested divorce. now i can move on with my life and it's all thanks to the divorce center.
shirley wesley
 





everything was smooth and easy
saved a lot of money on a divorce. the paperwork they provided is separated into numbered packets. you have to follow the directions on each packet, which is not difficult at all. there is a toll-free number to call if you should need help.
i got divorced in monmouth county. from payment to finish took about three months or so. everything was smooth and easy and was worth the money. you just have to read each packet thoroughly and go step-by-step. thank you, divorce center!
william mossman





every law firm i called wanted thousands of dollars!
after my husband and i decided to file for a divorce, a lot of anxiety came in and i had no idea of where to turn to. every law firm i called wanted thousands of dollars, just to talk to me and my former spouse, so we decided it would be best to choose the divorce center.
lucky for us, we received an affordable divorce in such a short time, and we're both happier as co-parents to our 11-year old son. the divorce center has definitely lived up to their hype for us, and we'd recommend this service to anyone going through a divorce.
mia barnes
 





she’s smiling so much more nowadays
for six years, i begged my mother to divorce her husband. as much as she wanted to leave, she always said that she could not handle the emotional turmoil a divorce could bring. she also wasn’t sure if she had enough money saved to go through with a divorce. i’m so glad i did my research and found the divorce center.
i read the reviews of all the people the divorce center helped and it encouraged me to tell my mother about it. three months later and my mom is finally divorced and she’s smiling so much more nowadays.
thank you divorce center. we are so grateful for your service.
chris field





i saved a lot of money
the divorce center helped me get the divorce i needed. having them on my side helped to make my divorce less stressful. she made sure i was informed throughout the whole process and i saved a lot of money instead of hiring an expensive divorce attorney. i highly recommend!
essie rhodes





it’s all thanks to the divorce center
initially, i believed that getting a divorce would be expensive, time-consuming, and put a strain on my relationship with my kids. well, was i wrong when i decided to work with the divorce center.
in just four weeks, i received an affordable uncontested divorce and now i’m able to move on to the next chapter of my life. it’s all thanks to the divorce center. i highly recommend.
james bray





very happy with the results
during a stressful, difficult time, it was of great help to have this service by our side. very happy with the results.
thank you once again, will recommend most definitely to anyone seeking a divorce in new york.
earl mcelroy





a very knowledgeable paralegal service
i had a great experience working with the team at the divorce center. they are a very knowledgeable paralegal service when it comes to uncontested divorce. they took care of me and put my concerns and worries first. they always made time to answer every question i had, and always got back to me. i love this office and their staff is outstanding. i would recommend the divorce center to anyone in need of an uncontested divorce in new york.
daniel wellington




for a fast, affordable divorce in ny or nj, click to schedule an appointment or apply online

new york divorce
new jersey divorce
online divorce







we're seen in all the right places!










 

 



new york divorce
albany county ny divorce
allegany county ny divorce
bronx ny divorce
brooklyn ny divorce
broome county ny divorce
cattaraugus county ny divorce
cayuga county ny divorce
chautauqua county ny divorce
chemung county ny divorce
chenango county ny divorce
clinton county ny divorce
columbia county ny divorce
cortland county ny divorce
delaware county ny divorce
dutchess county ny divorce
erie county ny divorce
essex county ny divorce
franklin county ny divorce
fulton county ny divorce
genesee county ny divorce
greene county ny divorce
hamilton county ny divorce
herkimer county ny divorce
hudson county ny divorce
jefferson county ny divorce
kings county ny divorce
lewis county ny divorce
livingston county ny divorce
madison county ny divorce
manhattan ny divorce
monroe county ny divorce
montgomery county ny divorce
nassau county ny divorce
niagara county ny divorce
oneida county ny divorce
onondaga county ny divorce
ontario county ny divorce
orange county ny divorce
orleans county ny divorce
oswego county ny divorce
otsego county ny divorce
putnam county ny divorce
queens ny divorce
rensselaer county ny divorce
rockland county ny divorce
st lawrence county ny divorce
saratoga county ny divorce
schenectady county ny divorce
schoharie county ny divorce
schuyler county ny divorce
seneca county ny divorce
staten island ny divorce
steuben county ny divorce
suffolk county ny divorce
sullivan county ny divorce
tioga county ny divorce
tompkins county ny divorce
ulster county ny divorce
warren county ny divorce
washington county ny divorce
wayne county ny divorce
westchester county ny divorce
wyoming county ny divorce
yates county ny divorce
 

new jersey divorce
atlantic county nj divorce
bergen county nj divorce
burlington county nj divorce
camden county nj divorce
cape may county nj divorce
cumberland county nj divorce
edison nj divorce
essex county nj divorce
gloucester county nj divorce
hackensack nj divorce
hudson county nj divorce
hunterdon county nj divorce
manasquan nj divorce
mercer county nj divorce
middlesex county nj divorce
monmouth county nj divorce
newark nj divorce
passaic county nj divorce
pleasantville nj divorce
salem county nj divorce
somerset county nj divorce
sussex county nj divorce
toms river nj divorce
trenton nj divorce
warren county nj divorce
 

quick links
home
new york divorce
new jersey divorce
online divorce
faq
blog
resources
contact
make a payment
 






© 2025 the divorce center
terms & conditionsprivacy policycookies 

				website by copper bay digital





home
new york divorce

ny divorce essentials
ny divorce online
ny divorce faqs
nyc divorce center


new jersey divorce

nj divorce essentials
nj divorce online
nj divorce faqs
atlantic city area
cherry hill
elizabeth
brick
east brunswick
vineland


online divorce
about us
faq
blog
resources
contact
 
 

			© 2025 the divorce center			terms & conditionsprivacy policycookies 





we use cookies on our website, for full details please see our privacy policy. we would like your consent to use cookies that allow us to give you a personalised experience and advertise to you elsewhere on the internet. click allow if you’re happy for us to do this. you can also choose to disable all optional cookies by clicking disable.



						allow					

						disable					




			cookie settings		















englishespañol
