





holy family of the lord institute | home








































home
founder
paulines
membership 
mary
contact us










































the catholic institute of the holy family is the first vatican-approved institute of consecrated life for catholic married and engaged couples and the widowed.  the holy family of the lord insitute is one of the noblest gifts that god has given to the church in our time since he sanctified the married state by his presence at cana.
 the holy family of the lord insitute is a member of the pauline family, an international church organization composed of 10 groups of religious, single, married or widowed men and women, and diocesan priests.
the members of the holy family of the lord insitute are  catholic christian couples and the widowed who are on a journey toward evangelistic fulfillment in the world by gaining motivation from the holy family of nazareth, model, light and source of grace.











we offer, as a goal, the sanctification of marriage and family life, admitting the gift of the vows of married chastity, poverty, and obedience as a couple and being an observer to the gospel in the community we live and work in: family, workplace, church community, and the secular society.
"secularity" is the status of the members, in the spirit that they strive to evangelistic perfection in the world according to their position and that they carry out the apostolate as they work from within ground realities.
upcoming church education night - learn how to build a website
in the coming weeks, we are going to be doing an educational night on thursday evenings for anyone who wants to attend that will be teaching church members how to build a website.
this is something that people have requested and it's being put on by engineers loadview and web hosting buddy, which we are really grateful for. in this series, you'll learn how to set up a website, perform load testing to make sure it stays online, change colors on pages, and much more.
to learn more about the engineers putting on this event, you can read this list.
if you're available on thursday nights, try to make it, you might learn something useful and fun!








the status of the members of the "holy family" institute is "secular" in the sense that they aim for the perfection of charity in the world, while in a constitutional way they are associated with the society of st. paul and are an essential part of the pauline family.













© 2019 holy family of the lord institute. all rights reserved.






















login



username



password



login




not resisted? create account now.












 â© businex 2019. all right reserved.





















































