

































































winston-salem journal | breaking news | | read winston-salem news, sports, entertainment, politics, classifieds





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















36°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state



education



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists




sports


high school



college



asu



wssu



wfu



professional



betting



north carolina betting



lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



dining & drinks



contests



comics



games & puzzles



play



announcements



people



travel



religion calendar



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



pets



faith



sponsored content



magazines


winston-salem monthly



carolina weddings magazine




join the community


news tip



share a video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



weekly ads



special sections



archives




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local



today's deal




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



amazon echo / alexa



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

homes








36°
heavy rain
























        
        
            forsyth commissioners approve $500k for pay raise for ws/fcs teacher assistants

teacher assistants should see pay raises now that commissioners have approved giving $500,000 to ws/fcs. 

















        
        
            alfred poe, longtime coach and athletics director at carver, has died

poe spent 37 years at carver until his retirement in 2009.

















        
        
            could forsyth, guilford school systems divide into smaller districts? legislature may study it.

study group would look at "negative outcomes" of large school districts, including ws/fcs and gcs.

















        
        
            from the editor: fort bragg? hey, let's 'rename' all the army posts! here's a plan.

sounds like hegseth is changing the names of more posts, so i've taken the liberty of putting together a plan so he can move on to more important things. like, you know, defending the country.

















        
        
            winston-salem teenager was shot and wounded thursday night

a winston-salem teenager was shot and wounded thursday night in the city.

















        
        
            two things: neighborly outreach pays off in town/gown relations; greensboro freeing up prime space

residents in historic neighborhood near wake forest, students and university officials try a different tact to resolve tensions. it may be working.

















        
        
            1-40 east at u.s. 311 down to one lane after crash

no injuries have been reported.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            alfred poe, longtime coach and athletics director at carver, has died


















        
        
            here's a look at all the deadly aircraft crashes in the triad since 2000


















        
        
            could forsyth, guilford school systems divide into smaller districts? legislature may study it.















                
                the latest


















        
        
            discipline data shows drop in crime and violence in ws/fcs in 2023-24

most of ws/fcs' incidents involved possession of a substance. 




















        
        
            bat reports $32.24 billion in revenue for 2024

overall revenue was down 5.2%. overall u.s. revenue was down 3.4%.





















        
        
            photos: the journal's best images from january 2025

the most storytelling and memorable images from the month of january by journal photographers walt unks and allison lee isley. 




















        
        
            after shooting her 4 kids, wyoming mom called 911

a gofundme account for cliff harshman, the father, had topped $44,000 by tuesday afternoon.












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            west forsyth coach marlon brim discusses his team's win at mount tabor to win the central piedmont 4-a championship




















        
        
            jacari brim and kamauri manuel break down west forsyth's win at mount tabor to win cpc 4a conference championship




















        
        
            vance berates european allies over free speech at munich security summit




















        
        
            the day after: 'robust post-war reintegration plan critical for sustainable free democratic ukraine'












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            alley hart, a former wake forest basketball star, has died

the guard from kinston helped the demon deacons to the acc regular-season championship in 1961 and an elite eight appearance 





















        
        
            photos: wake forest falls to florida state, 72-70, in men's basketball



















        
        
            wake forest's defense has a meltdown as florida state rallies

demon deacons lose at home for just the second time this season as seminoles rally from 16 points down in the second half.




















        
        
            leonard hamilton's career winding down but he's not interested just yet to look back

hamilton's young florida state's team will play at wake forest on wednesday night













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            'elsbeth' becomes a family affair for carrie preston

carrie preston didn’t think her husband, actor michael emerson, was interested in her series, “elsbeth.” now he has a recurring role on the cbs whodunit.




















        
        
            could obesity drugs help with alcohol cravings? new study suggests potential

a new study suggests that medications that have transformed the treatment of obesity may also help people drink less alcohol. 




















        
        
            tiktok returns to apple and google app stores in the us

tiktok was removed from apple and google's app stores on jan. 18 to comply with a law that requires bytedance to divest the app or be banned in the u.s.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            transforming challenges into opportunities: business insights from norman cooling

contributor content. the ability to embrace change depends on clear decision-making and a willingness to take calculated risks. by balancing agility with preparation, companies can set themselves up for success in unpredictable environments.












partner








        
        
            where are you getting your information from?

provided content. you can use google, ai-powered tools, social media platforms, or a combination that benefits from the strengths of each; the key is using these tools thoughtfully, staying curious and skeptical, and ultimately prioritizing accuracy over convenience.












contributor








        
        
            crush your fitness resolutions with these 14 tools

contributor content. if you’re ready to crush your fitness resolutions, explore these game-changing products that can make your routine easier and set you up for long-term success.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            oldtown gymnastics



                                        3800 reynolda road, winston salem, nc 27106
                                    






















        
        
            outwest steakhouse



                                        1185 nc-66, kernersville, nc 27284
                                    






















        
        
            southern farm bureau life insurance company



                                        p.o. box 78, jackson, ms 39205
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















banking financial





        
        
            bank ozk - winston salem
























other





        
        
            house account




































        
        
            2025 readers' choice



















×
















facebook





twitter





youtube









sites & partners


carolina weddings magazine

winston-salem magazine

contests

newsletters

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

advertise

media kit

join our team

become a carrier

licensing

curated commerce

dealer returns






                        © copyright 2025
                        winston-salem journal, 418 n. marshall street winston-salem, nc 27101
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






news alert

subscribe

























