







...
























































                        home
                      



                        music
                      



                        story
                      



                        events
                      



                  welcome
                



                store
              



                contact
              



              donate
            







...





                        home
                      



                        music
                      



                        story
                      



                        events
                      



                  welcome
                



                store
              



                contact
              



              donate
            























  













a promise to youwe all have a story and that's what makes us who we are today. the good and the bad help shape us as we learn from the nuggets, toss out the rusty cans and continue to move forward one day at a time. my hope in sharing my story, is that god’s grace will be made evident to you, and bring you to the same conclusion that i’ve come to! god did not make a mistake when he created us, he loves us and his promise to walk with us through it all is real! he never gives up on us, nor will he give us more than we can handle...with his strength and his grace! so "press in and press on" my friend! he’s got you!did you know?








            you were created for a unique purpose.
          










“for i know the plans i have for you,” says the lord. “they are plans for good and not for disaster, to give you a future and a hope.”— jeremiah 29:11








            god did not make a mistake when he created you. 
          










our god is intentional about everything he does. you were created because he loves you and wants the very best for you!“for we are god’s handiwork, created in christ jesus to do good works, which god prepared in advance for us to do.”—ephesians 2:10








            jesus came to bring true life!
          










“the thief comes only to steal and kill and destroy. i came that they may have life and have it abundantly.”—john 10:10“for god so loved the world that he gave his only son. whoever puts their trust in god’s son will not be lost, but will have life that lasts forever.”— john 3:16








            you were fearfully and wonderfully made.
          










“you made all the delicate, inner parts of my body and knit me together in my mother’s womb. thank you for making me so wonderfully complex!  your workmanship is marvelous—how well i know it.  you watched me as i was being formed in utter seclusion, as i was woven together in the dark of the womb. you saw me before i was born. “— psalm 139:13-16

















“he makes no mistakes in what he creates…”maker of me by shauna chanda





what’s new?













love you the same
gospel team up with tarell martin and the c2 mass choir“my worship will not depend on any circumstance…”“through every trial, i’ll walk with you and i’ll love you the same”listen here















“a thousand rescues”
a collaboration with jared anderson and ogr to bring awareness to anti trafficking and healing for the victims. such an honor to help these voices be heard.listen here





singles













“for the one”
bethel music cover: duet feat. aaron mcclain…building bridges, one at a timebe part of the change.listen here















“for the one”
“help us to love with open arms like you doa love that erases all the lines and sees the truth”watch now















“other side of heaven”
if loss and grief are your season, may this song bring comfort and hope to your broken heart.listen here















“other side of heaven”
“when the miracle that happens is on the other side of heaven…”where does that leave us on this side?“the lord is close to the brokenhearted.” psalms 34:18watch now















“don’t give up”
“keep your eyes on the light up ahead”“one day you’ll be on the other side of it all, and it’ll be alright”you got this!listen here















“don’t give up”
“everything can turn around”“don’t stay quiet, please reach out!”watch now















“heartstrings”
a fun “hang time” for your “forever love” playlist!“tuggin’ on my heartstrings!”listen here















“heartstrings”
watch now















“red letters”
grand ole opry kinda country…“my blood was exchanged for the lamb who was slain.”“that tree was the cross where he laid and those letters became crimson for me” listen here





be the first to know! want to be “in the know” of the latest projects, performances and beyond? sign up for the newsletter!





subscribe
sign up with your email address to receive news and updates!





first name



last name




email address






sign up





we respect your privacy.
thank you!





other music projects"maker of me" 













“maker of me” is a sprightly treat with an acoustic, organic feel. featuring dave beegle on guitar bringing songs of encouragement and hope. creating a playful, light-hearted atmosphere, this project includes an authentic twist with fun-filled, quirky tunes all the way to deep moments with god and all sorts of his inspirational goodness in between! "maker of me" will lift your spirit, challenge your soul and inspire the depths of who you are to keep on keepin' on!stream now on itunes, spotify, amazon music, youtube and other favorite digital platforms.encourage your heart by adding “maker of me” to your playlist!

 






















the little drummer boy (who am i)





not just a christmas song but a year-long mission!what’s your drum?“the meaning of life is to find your gift. the purpose of life is to give it away.” pablo picasso“so whatever you do, do it all for the glory of god.” 1 corinthians 10:31



“christmas with friends”





view fullsize










after the single release, "have yourself a merry little christmas," the response was overwhelming! we were greatly encouraged to continue on with a full-length christmas album that would capture and convey the good news of the christmas season, so i’m excited to celebrate and share this keepsake with you! in addition to a variety of styles, i also have some pretty talented peeps joining me including jared anderson, darren rahn, dave beegle, dr. isidro aybar, jr. and shannon adducci to name a few! this mostly acoustic album is heart infused, and richly filled with soul and inspiration through a truly unique journey of the christmas story. may these songs bless you and fill your heart as it did ours in making it, bringing joy and peace to you and yours for many christmas seasons to come! flavor your christmas playlist with us!available on itunes, spotify, amazon music, youtube and other favorite digital resources.















favorites from years past...



























who is shauna?in a nutshell… blessed, thankful and very grateful. well, some of you know that i lost my first husband of 10 years in a car accident just before 9-11. twelve days to be exact. it was a "one-car, unexplainable accident" so the police report said. explain that please! no answers, no one and no thing to blame. it just is... my bff that i was going to have a "50 year" anniversary with some day was ripped away in seconds... gone. i blew kisses as he drove away for another day of work and 15 minutes later, a stranger, the wife of the only witness was at my doorstep. i wasn't informed that it was fatal until actually at the scene of the accident. when the sheriff realized i was in the passenger seat of a stranger’s car he tried to wave us to the side so i wouldn't see the devastation. my life was a perfectly put together puzzle and someone just blew it up into pieces... scattered. i felt like i was in a dream and couldn't wake up. but it wasn't a dream and it was very real. so real that my knees gave out and i collapsed into another complete stranger's arms... a moment i will never forget. it played in slow motion over and over in my head. god was present though and with me in the midst. so much to process with a million questions and yet a million more to come. the police, the firemen, the grief counselor and coroner at the scene, and family who began calling to find out what happened as word spread, bombarding me with questions… the same ones i had. i had no answers other than "i don't know" and he was just... gone. i always say i'll ask god when i get to heaven, but i know it won't really matter by then. hmmm... strange thought, but very true. anyway, i had quit my job the year before so our two "musician schedules" (he was a bass player) could mesh a bit more. little did i know that it would be our last year together. god knew though and graciously enabled us to spend more qt together than ever before. the new schedule spurred a huge international family reunion so friends and family from all over the world got to see him that year and we even took a real vacation for our 10 year anniversary! not that family and mission trips aren’t totally awesome, but it was nice to have our first vacation... even though it was our last.

































there was still smoke and debris was scattered everywhere. they sent me down the barrier to the frontage road where i had to make calls and answer questions, but they wouldn't let me see him because of the investigation. i just wanted to hold his hand before it got cold, even if they had to blindfold me. with tears in his eyes, the sheriff wanted to, but couldn't let me. he shared that they had to do a full investigation and couldn’t let anyone near the site. he was very gracious and so very sorry as he held me for a moment. he knew this was a tragic loss and said that something was “different” than others he'd experienced. his heart was truly and unexplainabily broken. when the time came to take me home, they wanted to use the back roads so i wouldn't see anything. but i had a right to see what the rest of the “one lane - i-70 onlookers” were seeing and had the driver take me down the same path so i could try to make some visual connections at some point. it didn't make sense at the time, but through that, god gave me a corner piece to my puzzle so i could begin to rebuild. actually that's a pretty neat story in itself! maybe i'll share that another time. i know god didn't make this happen, but he allowed it to happen for a reason that only he knows. kevin always went after the underdog and often said, "i wish i could do more," but as stories began to pour in and as god has tenderly shared bits of our story through this broken vessel of worship, kevin did more than he ever knew this side of heaven. god has used his life and his death in extraordinary ways crossing people groups, generations and cultures across the world. because heaven has grown and because i know where kevin is today, (gulp) it all has to be worth it.  i may fill you in more later as its been quite the journey between then and now. from ground zero after 9-11 to seeing god move in the most remote barrios of peru, to king’s palaces. from being near homeless to watching god step in at the last moment, it’s been a road i’ve been honored to walk with my king. i may even write a book some day just to document his move after move! most importantly though, god has been so precious to me, never leaving me, always present through every joy-filled, tragic, celebratory, heart wrenching, redeeming moment of my life. i've seen him move in unspeakable ways and have been privileged to experience his greatness in the depths of my own heart, to those all around the world! through him, i've also survived some other not so amazing situations including a failed marriage... another loss that was out of my hands. but, as i picked up the pieces, again, my god was with me every single step of the way! he never once left me hangin'! wow... even these years later, i'm in awe at how he's walked with me, steady by my side and carried me when i was too weak. he patched me up when i was broken, so i could press on for the moment, for the minute, for another second, another day. he kept my heart pure before him as a devoted worshiper... regardless of circumstance. in time, his restoration and redeeming love has brought such healing from and to a broken life. fast forward, there’s been a lifetime within this little gap and i honestly didn't think i would be here today, alive to tell this story, but i thankfully am. and now i've been blessed beyond with a pretty incredible man that i'm not so sure is from this world, but i'm somehow privileged to call him my hubby now! he cherishes me and looks out for me, and he always has my back. (trust me, i need it!) he honors me, supports the calling on my life and makes me laugh! a lot! life is not perfect as we live in a fallen world, but i'm so thankful beyond words, that god uses this man to bring joy to my life in hilarious ways, even in the midst of its chaos. as i was running the other direction and from everyone who was even remotely thinking i needed someone else in my life, god thankfully didn't listen to my prayer of "please leave me alone in this area cuz i'm great with me and you and you should be too!" nope! he gave me a new bff to spend the rest of my days here on earth with! my larry (aka "coach z") is truly my gift from heaven and the cool thing is, i know that my present was hand picked! ;) so! i'm still here, still writing, still singin, still lovin on people, knowing that god has more for me to do before it’s my time to meet him face to face! so until then, i can wholeheartedly say, "yes! i am so very blessed!”



















find shaunadecember 5, 2024 christmas with dave beegle & tom ewingthe rialto in loveland, coloradooct 11-13, 2024 / women’s refreshing retreatwoodland park, coloradosept 24, 2024 / “river of life” at the rock church chapel 6:30 pm4881 cherokee dr, castle rock, co 80109august 15, 2024 / mission hills church - worship night 6 pm620 southpark dr, littleton, co 80102may 17-18, 2024 / anti-trafficking summitft collins and jonstown, coloradoapril 5, 2024/ gospel worship nightcolorado christian university, event center, 8787 w alameda ave, lakewood, co 80226women’s refreshing retreatymca - estes park, coloradooctober 6, 2023/ confluence ministries 20 year celebrationaltitude church, arvada, coloradojune 11, 2023/ ascent church1750 deer creek rd, monument, co 80132march 20, 2023/ ascent church - worship & reflection1750 deer creek rd, monument, co 80132march 19, 2023/ ascent church1750 deer creek rd, monument, co 80132march 12, 2023/ ascent church & worship night with jared anderson1750 deer creek rd, monument, co 80132february 26, 2023/ life baptist church6316 s tenaya way, las vegas nv sw 89113february 15, 2023/ southwest community church: “one thing”4001 s wadsworth blvd, littleton, co 80123february 5 & 12, 2023/ ascent church1750 deer creek rd, monument, co 80132february 1, 2023/ worship night with jared andersonsprings church:1515 auto mall loop, colorado springs, co 80920january 8 & 29, 2023/ ascent church1750 deer creek rd, monument, co 80132january 15, 2023/ chapel hills church10 chapel hill dr, brighton, co 80601, usa(previous dates are now archived)

















back to top







































cart (0)







