



el cielo cozumel: #1 el cielo beach cozumel tours from $69














 




el cielo cozumel



check availability
toggle navigation




instantbookingaccess















--
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40







					check availability
				    








1-800-491-2505
contact us



home
1-800-491-2505


pricing
contact




inclusions
meeting point


program
faq's





 





if you want a stunning vacation memory that will stay with you forever, then our premium el cielo snorkeling tour is for you, because …
the day you visit this ‘heaven on earth’ will be seared into your memory forever!















the spanish name, ‘el cielo’, translates into english as ‘heaven on earth’ and never was a location more aptly named.


imagine snorkeling in the most beautiful part of cozumel’s marine park - within a closely protected area - entry to which is forbidden to most snorkelers …


because of that, it absolutely teems with a rich variety of marine life - in stark contrast to the relatively barren reefs which most of the snorkeling tours have to settle for, with far fewer fish and other species.
but we are in a privileged elite as one of the very few licensed operators to fulfill the very strict ecological demands by operating ultra eco-friendly boats.
and thus are allowed to enter the restricted marine life rich protected area forming cozumel’s underwater wonderland – the marine park - in our glass-bottomed boats.





















previous



next






does that sound too good to be true?


that’s what carol bell from lincoln, nebraska thought – until she experienced our service …










carol​ ​bell
lincoln, nebraska













4.9 stars



january 2025 






when i'm back on the island i'm booking again!"


when we arrived at our meeting point just across the street from our cruise pier we were welcomed as if we were family and immediately boarded the boat and the fun began right away.
we snorkeled two reefs to see amazing marine life and the grand finale was a place called el cielo, the most beautiful place in the world.
when i'm back on the island i'll be booking again. thanks alberto and pancho for a fabulous time.













the famous el cielo, palancar & colombia snorkeling tour… 


when you slip gently into the warm, crystal clear tropical water...
you’ll enter a different world of turquoise colored silence with the wonderful feeling of weightlessness – just as if you were flying. and, if this is your first time snorkeling in these protected waters, you’ll be stunned at the sheer volume and variety of the colorful tropical fish swimming among the impressive reefs of both hard and soft coral. we encourage this desirable state of affairs by feeding the fish!
the most spectacular snorkeling reefs in the area lie within the protected cozumel marine park area.
but, because we are one of the very few businesses who have invested in the high quality glass-bottomed boats, with the latest environmentally friendly engines, to meet the very strict ecological requirements needed to preserve this marine wonderland, you will enjoy a spectacular trip of a lifetime with us.
you'll visit a total of 3 different snorkeling locations. which – needless to say – are 3 of the most astonishing among a whole area of spectacular reefs.




the first of these is the aptly named ‘palancar gardens reef’… 























previous



next




palancar garden reef is an impressive reef that consists of many different life forms. many people who want to learn how to snorkel land in this spot.
what makes this reef unique is the presence of very high coral systems that have many different living beings on them. as we already said, this is a picture that you will remember forever.
while you are underwater, you will notice the beautiful sea turtles. they are very common in palancar gardens reef. besides, you will probably have a chance to see some butterflyfish, angelfish, black groupers and even some green moray eels too.


generally speaking, this is a shallow reef which is perfect for novice snorkelers.




then you’ll visit the ‘colombia shallows reef’… 




it is tough to say which reef in cozumel is the best, but some things make this reef ideal for snorkelers.
for starters, this reef is in an area that looks like a natural bay. as the name suggests, the water is not very deep, and the experience level needed for snorkeling in this area is beginner/novice.
when it comes to marine life, this area blesses with extraordinary life forms. for instance, hawksbill sea turtles, as well as the green sea turtle, are probably the first thing you will notice in the waters. 





















previous



next




you'll also see moray eels, barracuda, octopuses, starfish, angelfish, grouper and other species of exotic fish.
this colorful reef will spice up your holiday in cozumel. that's for sure.




lastly - the highlight of the day - ‘el cielo beach’… 























previous



next




after you’ve had ample time to enjoy a breathtaking snorkel trip around both the palancar gardens reef and the colombia shallow reef, we travel the short distance to the sandbar of ‘el cielo’ – ‘heaven on earth’ - for our beach party finale! 
there you’ll be able to quickly understand why this magical spot is so aptly named as you drink in the magnificent beauty so readily visible in just four feet of beautiful turquoise, crystal clear water.
at the same time your mouth will be watering in anticipation of the feast to come as your guides prepare fresh guacamole for you to savor.










you'll enjoy an exceptional el cielo snorkeling excursion that is second to none - as many past customers will attest…








sherry​ ​carson
groveland, massachusetts




























4.9 rate



january 2025 






ended the tour at el cielo - white sandy beach, blue sky, great guacamole, fruit, beer and drinks while listening to music"


boat was there promptly to pick us up, smiles and good vibes from the crew that knows service is their game.
the ride to the first snorkeling reef was about 20 minutes there we saw turtles, a ray and barracudas.
the second spot was a shallow reef alberto refers to as his "sacred garden" - kind a cute name for a place.
we ended the tour at "el cielo" a white sand, sky blue beach where we had great guacamole, fruits, beer and drinks while listening to music, playing on the water and making acquaintances with the rest of the group. 
every day is a good day with alberto!













you'll be escorted by fully licensed & english speaking guides…


every boat captain and snorkeling guide (mostly my uncles and cousins) are certified snorkeling guides and speak excellent english, so your spectacular trip won’t be spoilt by having to struggle to understand what they are saying.
in fact, that is one risk you really cannot afford to take
because – in situations like this, when safety must be paramount – it’s vital you immediately understand every word your crew says, without a second’s doubt or hesitation.





















previous



next






‘el cielo cozumel tours’ is a family-owned business…





hi … my name is alberto novelo and i and my close family have been providing snorkeling tours in cozumel for well over 20 years.
during that time, we have delighted multiple thousands of snorkelers, many of whom return again and again and have become firm friends.
what’s more, because this is a family business – not staffed by disinterested employees – every single member of my family is dedicated to making your snorkeling trip a memory you will cherish.










snorkeling or not - you'll enjoy the ride on our glass-bottomed boats with plenty of shade, seating & drinks…







as part of our premium service our boats are all glass-bottomed with ample shade and plenty of comfortable seating...
so if you can’t swim (or simply don’t want to get wet) you will still enjoy the glorious sights in the crystal clear tropical waters below the boat from the comfort of your seat, shaded from the sun, with a cold drink at your elbow.
and if you are planning on snorkeling, then, during the short trip to the reefs, our guide will demonstrate exactly how to use the snorkeling equipment and how to snorkel for maximum comfort and safety.










absolutely no overcrowding – ever!


so determined are we to ensure you enjoy the best possible experience on this wonderful day, we strictly limit our 22 person capacity boats to a maximum of 12 passengers.
this means we can give each and every one of you the personal attention you deserve as our vip guests, particularly if this is your first time swimming underwater. 










robert harris
traverse city, michigan













4.8 stars



january 2025 






we saw another boat with over 20 people and i was relieved to be on a trip that was more attentive and organized"


alberto was a great guide, very positive, funny, energetic and a great diver. he pointed out stingrays, conches, sea cucumbers, starfish, and many types of colorful fish.
the water is gorgeous and the reefs are amazing.
pancho was a skilled boat driver.
we saw another boat with over 20 people on the snorkel trip and i was relieved to be on a trip that was more attentive and organized.
alberto also sent me pics from the trip since i did not bring an underwater camera. i recommend bringing an underwater camera since there is so much to see. 
i wouldn't hesitate to book a trip with these guys again! thank you! highly recommended!







what’s more, if you are a party of 10 or more, you can get a…


free upgrade to a ‘private boat tour for your group only’


because i’ll be delighted to give you a free upgrade to a totally private boat tour where you’ll enjoy all the facilities and comforts of our standard premium boats – with the added benefit that you won’t be sharing your boat with anyone else.
you can also choose to start your trip at your desired time rather than the 
                                    regular start time of 9:30 am. or 10:30am
there is no extra charge for this – you simply have to select 10+ passengers when making your booking online. and you'll get the private tour automatically.










our tour in numbers






25+


years in business






65,000+


customers served






98%


client satisfaction












what sets us apart from other el cielo tours in cozumel?


four important things …











we are a family run and staffed business - and thus so far more interested in making your day wonderful in a way no employee could ever manage.
we are one of the elite few tour companies authorized to visit the most stunning reefs, which are located inside the protected area of the cozumel marine park. that is palancar garden reef, colombia shallow reef, and the famous el cielo sandbar.
although our boats are designed to safely transport 22 people, we set a limit of 12 passengers, so we can give every one of our vip guests a five star service and they have ample room to relax on our comfortable seating, which is carefully shaded for your maximum comfort.
we not only allow you to bring your infants, aged one and upwards, we also allow your children aged 3 and upwards to snorkel. they must all be supervised by one of your party at all time, however, a member of our crew will also be close at hand when under the water for extra safety.











you're in good company with us


























nervous about snorkeling for the first time?


so was christine morgan and her party from fairview, illinois. read what happened next …










christine​ ​morgan
fairview, illinois




























4.9 rate



january 2025 






first time snorkeling, so we were a bit nervous - but from the moment we stepped on alberto's boat all apprehensions vanished"


as it was the first time we’d snorkeled, we were a bit nervous. but from the moment we stepped on his boat, all apprehensions subsided.
such a caring, fun and upbeat crew to be with on his boat. laughter was constant and drinks were plentiful! alberto and his crew consistently ensured that we were comfortable, laughing and well taken care of.
another crew member was constantly taking pictures so that we could solely enjoy the snorkeling experience.
el cielo tours was great in every way. their website, their responsiveness, and especially the owner/guide alberto, who was just outstanding.













even if this is your first time snorkeling, you will enjoy an extraordinary adventure that few other excursions can match!




and if you are planning on snorkeling for the first time, our english speaking guide will demonstrate exactly how to use the snorkeling equipment and how to snorkel for maximum comfort and safety, during the short trip to the reefs.
unlike many snorkeling companies operating out of cozumel, we supply a brand new snorkel tube, free of charge, for your exclusive use.
so you can be confident that you – and only you – will have had this tube in your mouth.  after your trip we carefully dispose of every tube in a totally eco-friendly way.







and that's because we specialize in families with children & beginner snorkelers...










steve​ ​edwards
dallas, texas













4.7 stars



january 2025 






this was one friend's first time snorkeling, so pancho stayed with her the whole time and made sure she was safe"


i just want to say what a great time we had with alberto and his crew.
the weather was fantastic and the water just as amazing as i remembered from last year.
this was one friend’s first time snorkeling, so pancho stayed with her the whole time and made sure she was safe.
we saw a shark, ray and sea turtle among a lot of other beautiful fish.
at el cielo the guacamole was delicious as were the coronas. i totally recommend this if you like to snorkel and have a great time.













the tour overview





inclusions
                                            




all snorkeling gear (fins, goggles, life jacket, & disposable snorkeling tube).
softdrinks and beer onboard (beer, soda, purified water).
fresh fruit.
guacamole, salsa (pico de gallo), & chips.
boat ride in our glass bottom boats.
professional and english speaking snorkel guides.
snorkeling in 2 reefs in cozumel's marine park (colombia reef & palancar gardens reef).
swim party at famous el cielo sandbar.
marine park conservation fee.






exclusions
                                            




ground transportation from your cruise pier or hotel to our meeting point.
ferry transportation when coming from the mainland (playa del carmen or cancun).
gratuities – optional, of course.






el cielo snorkeling tour highlights  
                                            




3 different stops (2 shallow reefs + el cielo sandbar).
no previous snorkeling experience necessary.
instructions and assistance with all aspects of snorkeling gear and safety.
small groups with personal attention.
our meeting point is next door to the cruise pier.
yes, our dive instructors speak english.
your choice of 2 convenient start times: 9:30am and 10:30am.
our trips in two words: no worries.






the reefs we go to  
                                            




colombia shallows reef.
palancar gardens reef.
el cielo sandbar.
all these are inside cozumel marine park (protected area).















the departure hours


a convenient time for all cruisers & visitors





morning



9:30 am
10:30 am





your choice of time



for groups of 10 or more people, we offer private tours at no extra cost.
you get to choose your own depart time.






if you are arriving on a cruise ship, then allow 30 minutes from docking to cover any delay in embarkation.
if you are coming from playa del carmen, the ferry ride to cozumel lasts 30 minutes, and costs only $6usd each way. ferries depart every hour both ways starting at 7am until 11pm.
make sure to catch a ferry at least 1 hour before your scheduled depart time.
your tour lasts approximately 4 ½ hours.










the meeting point


meeting up could not be easier – no matter where you’re coming from ...


we meet at the motor lobby of el cid la ceiba hotel (located directly next door to the cruise pier), a very well known hotel by the cruise pier area.



coming in on a cruise ship? you’ll arrive at the cruise pier, which is just across the street from our meeting point (about 100 yards from both puerta maya, and tmm international cruise piers).
if you are staying in cozumel: everyone - including the staff at the hotel you’re staying at – knows where motor lobby of el cid la ceiba hotel (located directly next door to the cruise pier) is and will happily give you directions. or you can just hop in a taxi, because all the taxi drivers know the way!
coming from playa del carmen or elsewhere on the mainland?  perfect, because you’ll arrive at the cozumel ferry pier, which is just a few minutes away from our meeting point by taxi (and all the taxi drivers know where the motor lobby of el cid la ceiba hotel is).



wherever you’re coming from, you’ll receive full directions with your confirmation email that will be instantly sent to you when you book your snorkel tour.










you'll find us conveniently located near the cruise port...








paul​ ​bailey
palm harbor, florida













4.9 stars



january 2025 






we literally just walked 50 yards to our meeting point where these guys were waiting us"


these guys definitely live up to the reviews on trip advisor.
we arrived in cozumel and literally just walked 50 yards to our meeting point where these guys were waiting on us.
pancho, and alberto did a wonderful job as our guides. we saw sea turtles, many tropical fish and even a baby shark. 
after snorkeling, we headed to the one of the most beautiful natural swimming pools on earth, el cielo, for a pleasantly relaxing time with drinks and fresh guacamole dip made by pancho and alberto. 
i will definitely recommend to family and friends a future excursion to cozumel.
thank you pancho!













the program


here's what you can expect from this awesome excursion:





meeting up for your snorkeling tour


you’ll find our meeting point at the motor lobby of el cid la ceiba hotel, located next to the cruise ship pier.
we have our boats moored at the pier of el cid la ceiba hotel, conveniently located just steps from the cruise piers.




on our way to the first reef


feel your excitement explode as the powerful eco-friendly engine revs up and we cast off to begin your adventure of a lifetime!
you hardly notice the short trip to the marine park because you’re absorbed in the crew’s demonstration of how to use the high-quality snorkeling equipment.
we visit a total of three spots.




palancar gardens reef (the first stop)


generally speaking, this is a shallow reef which is perfect for novice snorkelers.
what makes this reef unique is the presence of very high coral systems that have many different living beings on them. as we already said, this is a picture that you will remember forever.
while you are underwater, you will notice the beautiful sea turtles. they are very common in palancar gardens reef. besides, you will probably have a chance to see some butterflyfish, angelfish, black groupers and even some green moray eels too.




colombia shallows reef


it is tough to say which reef in cozumel is the best, but some things make this reef ideal for snorkelers.
for starters, this reef is in an area that looks like a natural bay. as the name suggests, the water is not very deep, and the experience level needed for snorkeling in this area is beginner/novice.
when it comes to marine life, this area is blessed with extraordinary life forms. for instance, hawksbill sea turtles, as well as the green sea turtle, are probably the first thing you will notice in the waters.
you'll also see moray eels, barracuda, octopuses, starfish, angelfish, grouper and other species of exotic fish.
this colorful reef will spice up your holiday in cozumel. that's for sure.




el cielo beach (heaven on earth as most travelers call it)


after you’ve had ample time to enjoy a breathtaking snorkel trip around both the palancar gardens reef and the colombia shallow reef, we travel the short distance to the sandbar of ‘el cielo’ – ‘heaven on earth’ - for our beach party finale!
there you’ll be able to quickly understand why this magical spot is so aptly named as you drink in the magnificent beauty so readily visible in just four feet of beautiful turquoise, crystal clear water.
at the same time your mouth will be watering in anticipation of the feast to come as your guides prepare fresh guacamole for you to savor.




on our way back to the pier


can we really have packed so much excitement and lifetime memories in just four hours?
relax on board between dives, with ample shade provided while you sip a cool soft drink, beer or water with our compliments, and excitedly swap experiences with your fellow divers.
all too soon, it’s time to head back to the pier. 




back at the meeting point


once the tour is over, we’ll go back to our original meeting location at the el cid la ceiba hotel (next door to the cruise pier) the place where we first met you in the morning.
from here you can walk back to your cruise ship, or take a taxi back to your hotel is you’re staying in cozumel.







as a result, you’re probably already planning your next trip with us, like so many others before you, who return again and again.










tour pricing


you get all this – and much more for just...


by booking online directly with us, we are able to keep your fees down to rock bottom, while providing you with a true five-star experience.






kids
$59
age 1-12






adults
$69
age 13+







check availability






keep in mind that...



cozumel marine park conservation fee is included in the price.
all fees & taxes included. no surprises.





immediately after your payment is processed you’ll receive a confirmation email with full directions to our meeting point, and all your reservation details.
if you can’t print the confirmation email because you don’t have access to a printer, simply make a note of the directions and arrive at our meeting point with your passport or any other photo id.











book with confidence
my refund policy has you covered:



if there's bad weather on the day of your trip and the harbour master shuts down the port for small boats like mine. i will give you a full refund.
if you are coming to cozumel via cruise ship, and your cruise gets re-routed off cozumel for any reason. i will give you a full refund.
no questions asked.


















last week 216 travelers booked our tour to enjoy snorkeling alongside starfish at el cielo beach. today it's your turn.











the clock is ticking


as i’ve already mentioned, access to the fragile ecosystems that make up the protected cozumel marine park is severely limited. 





despite this, the eco-friendly nature of our high end glass-bottomed boats, fully equipped with shading and comfortable seating for 22 qualify us to operate only 3 boats.
however, despite being licensed to take 22 passengers, we restrict most parties to 12 so you enjoy maximum comfort and close personal attention at all times, particularly when snorkeling. it’s almost like a private charter.
so, between our 3 boats, we can take a total of 36 passengers.


and, because we are one of very few businesses able to provide the highest quality snorkeling experience and most of our clients come from the cruise ships, bringing in around 20,000 cruise visitors daily - we tend to get booked up lightening fast for every day of the week.





check availability





so you now have to come to a fast decision


you can either pause and take ages to ‘think about it’ only to come back later and be dismayed to see your choice of day has been taken.
that means, if you only have that one day for your trip, you’ll either have to forgo the trip entirely or have to settle for a second rate trip which will not include the marine life rich reefs of palancar gardens and colombia shallow reefs plus the beach party on the beautiful ‘el cielo’ sandbar.
instead, you will have to make do with the relatively barren reefs that most tour companies visit which were not considered spectacular enough to be part of the ecology-rich marine park that we are licensed to visit. 





what’s more, the general tourist area is not protected like the marine park, so there is a quite marked difference in the quality and quantity of the marine life.  
and the chances are high you will be crammed onto a boat (that might not even have a glass bottom) with 20 or more other folks, severely limiting your enjoyment and perhaps you’ll struggle to understand your guide’s broken english.




or





you can make the smart move and decide right now which day you want to become the memory of a lifetime by booking our el cielo snorkeling tour that visits the awesome cozumel marine park with its spectacular marine life and finishes in a setting to die for – the aptly named ‘heaven on earth’.
then, once you’ve made your booking, you’ll experience a wonderful feeling of calm, because you’ll know you’ve made the right choice.
so you can relax and look forward to that magical moment when you step onto our boat.


i and all my family are eagerly looking forward to welcoming you to cozumel and showing you our wonderful marine park first hand!



alberto novelo
el cielo cozumel snorkeling tour




check availability











the excursion summary



3 different stops (2 shallow reefs + el cielo sandbar).
no previous snorkeling experience necessary.
instructions and assistance with all aspects of snorkeling gear and safety.
small groups with personal attention.
our meeting point is next door to the cruise pier.
yes, our guides speak english.
your choice of 2 convenient start times: 9:30am; and 10:30am.
our trips in two words: no worries.






















previous



next
















over 210 travelers just last week rated this tour 5 stars. are you going to miss it?











tour pricing


you get all this – and much more for just...


by booking online directly with us, we are able to keep your fees down to rock bottom, while providing you with a true five-star experience.






kids
$59
age 1-12






adults
$69
age 13+







check availability






keep in mind that...



cozumel marine park conservation fee is included in the price.
all fees & taxes included. no surprises.





immediately after your payment is processed you’ll receive a confirmation email with full directions to our meeting point, and all your reservation details.
if you can’t print the confirmation email because you don’t have access to a printer, simply make a note of the directions and arrive at our meeting point with your passport or any other photo id.











why should the best be reserved for others & not you?


haven’t you worked hard to afford this trip to cozumel and so don’t you deserve the best that is on offer?
but, despite enjoying our fair share of the very limited licenses empowering us to enter the beautiful protected area of the cozumel marine park, we often have difficulty coping with all the bookings from the 20,000 cruise passengers that arrive in cozumel daily.
i’d bitterly regret it if – now you know what a wonderland the marine park is – your hesitation in booking means you are denied the full experience only a premium snorkeling service like ours can provide and you have to settle for second best.







so i strongly suggest you check the availability on your chosen day - right now – and then go ahead and book your seats before it's too late.



check availability





i’ll leave the last words to michelle johnson …










michelle​ ​johnson
nashville, tennessee













4.7 stars



january 2025 






when you get back you want to go back out the next day!"


alberto provides an excursion like few others. he takes care of the details so you enjoy a carefree day of snorkeling and basking in the clear blue waters off cozumel.
so, if you are looking for relaxation and the chance to see things you only imagine or see on tv this is your guide.
alberto makes it fun and when you get back you want to go back out the next day...with alberto... enjoy the trip. can't tell you all we saw but we saw a lot including a nurse shark and sea turtles.








check availability











frequently asked questions





we are arriving on a cruise ship. do you pick us up at the cruise pier?


yes. the meeting point for cruise passengers is located directly next door from the cruise pier at the motor lobby of el cid la ceiba hotel.




we are coming on a boat from playa del carmen, how do we find you?


you will arrive at the ferry pier, which is next door from our meeting point at the motor lobby of el cid la ceiba hotel. you will receive full directions with the confirmation of your booking.




we are staying at a hotel in cozumel, where do we meet you?


our meeting point is at the motor lobby of el cid la ceiba hotel and you will receive full directions to there with the confirmation of your booking.




what time does your tour start and how long does it last?



we set off at 9.30 am seven days a week and the tour last approximately four and a half hours.
however, if your party has a minimum of ten people, we can make a special trip, by prior arrangement, if you prefer at 1.30 pm any day of the week.





how many passengers do your boats take?



all three of our top quality glass-bottomed boats have a capacity of 22 passengers, but to guarantee your total comfort and personal attention we rarely exceed 12 passengers.
that ensures you have a wide choice of seating and you receive personal attention at all times.
but this does mean we get booked up very quickly.
so booking your seats without delay is the best way to be certain of securing your trip of a lifetime.





how do i check if you are available on a certain day?



you can check our website at any time, night or day, and get a constantly updated completely accurate picture of our availability.
but please note, that can change in a heartbeat.
so – if you see a slot you want – book it right away. because, with 80% of our bookings coming from the 20,000 daily cruise visitors, available slots tend to disappear as fast as a puddle in the desert.





my cruise ship docks in cozumel at a certain time. what departure time should i select?



as you are coming by cruise ship, please remember there will be plenty of other folks all trying to disembark at the same time as you. so pick a departure time at least 30 minutes after you are supposed to dock to allow for the delays in embarkation.





i am coming by ferry from playa del carmen. what time should i take the ferry to be in good time to meet you?



you will need to catch a ferry at least one hour before our scheduled departure time. bear in mind our meeting point is about a mile from the ferry pier, which is where you will arrive on cozumel.
you will receive full directions with your emailed booking confirmation.





are there any extra expenses we should budget for? 



no. unlike other tour companies, the cost of your disposable one time use snorkel tube plus the marine park entry fee and the beach party meal of freshly prepared guacamole, salsa, french fries and drinks are all provided, with our compliments, free of extra charge.





do you cover the cost of my ferry from playa del carmen?


no. this is one expense you will have to carry, because it would not be fair to the roughly 80% of our clients who only have a 50 yard walk to our meeting point if we were to add the cost of your ferry trip to our prices.





i’m staying in a hotel a fair distance from your meeting point. do you cover the cost of my taxi?


no. this is one expense you will have to carry, because it would not be fair to the roughly 80% of our clients who only have a 50 yard walk to our meeting point if we were to add the cost of your taxi fare to our prices.





what happens if the weather is so bad you are unable to leave the harbor?


in that very rare event, we would immediately issue you with a full refund.









check availability








el cielo cozumel tours

            rated 4.5/5 based on 163reviews
        











el cielo cozumel tours



50 avenida sur bis 580
cozumel,
                              quintana roo
77600
mexico







get help

contact us
faqs
terms & privacy



company

about us
reviews
sitemap



discover

how to get there
private tour
beach



discover

map
palancar reef
colombia reef







© 2000 - 2025 el cielo cozumel snorkeling tour. all rights reserved.




















 




