



greece central school district / homepage


















































































skip to main content










district home


select a school...

select a school

arcadia high
arcadia middle
athena high
athena middle
autumn lane elementary
brookside elementary
buckman heights elementary
craig hill elementary
english village elementary
greece community early learning center
holmes road elementary
lakeshore elementary
longridge elementary
odyssey academy
olympia
paddy hill elementary
phoenix academy
pine brook elementary






sign in


search our site
























district home


select a school 













home


our district
"
envision greece strategic plan
reimagine greece capital vote


about greece central
board of education
budget
calendars
comprehensive improvement/education plans
nys report card
reach 2027 strategic plan
required postings
school directory
staff directory
superintendent of schools



students
"
electronic device guidelines
summer reading 2024


athletics
avid
blue knights marching band
bullying prevention
code of conduct
high school course offerings guide
popular pages
safe schools helpline
technology support
transcript request
work permits



parents & community
"
schools of choice and secondary option
family support center


attendance
arts calendar
family & community engagement
health and wellness
kidscare (before & after school program)
prekindergarten
registration
subject areas
volunteer



departments
"
english as a new language
math
physical education, health & wellness
the arts
world languages


facility operations & planning
finance & administrative services
food service
human resources
safety & security
special education
student learning
student services & school improvement
transportation



staff
"
2024 united way employee campaign


ess / frontline
gcsd mindfulness
staff forms/popular pages
professional learning center
risk management
mandatory trainings
technology



job opportunities
"



employment opportunities












search our site















pinterest
youtube
vimeo
twitter
flickr
linkedin
facebook
instagram














































popular links


















district calendar


see larger calendar here.





















district news











public hearing on the veterans' tax exemption for school property taxes

the greece central school district board of education is considering implementing a veterans' tax exemption for school district property taxes. before making a decision, the board will hold a public hearing on tuesday, february 25, 2025, at 6:30 p.m. at the transportation and support services facility, 1790 latta road.  this exemption would provide tax relief to eligible veterans while shifting the tax difference to non-exempt property owners. if approved, it would take effect for the 2026-27 school year.  community members are encouraged to attend and share their input. to speak at the hearing, sign up at the event beginning at 6:15 p.m.  click "read more" for details on eligibility, tax impacts, and how to apply if adopted.

comments (-1)












share your feedback with gcsd's new superintendent

greece central school district superintendent jeremy smalline invites you to take a brief survey and share your thoughts on what the district is doing well and where we can improve. your feedback will help us identify key priorities and set goals for the 2025-26 school year. once finalized, these goals will be shared with the entire school community as part of his commitment to transparency and collaboration. the survey is open through feb. 28. click "read more" to take the survey today.

comments (-1)












open registration for greece arcadia playschool

greece arcadia high school is beginning open enrollment for its annual playschool program.  this program is part of the early childhood education curriculum and provides our high school students with an opportunity to work with young children in a mock preschool setting. all activities are planned and implemented by our high school students and focus on early childhood development.   the 5-week program is set to begin on april 21 at arcadia high school and is open to all children ages 3-4. this year the playschool will run every monday from 8:30-10:30 a.m. for additional information, or to register your child, contact patricia taylor at 966-3143.

comments (-1)












2025-26 childcare, private, parochial & charter school transportation requests due by april 1

the office of student transportation services is now accepting childcare and private, parochial and charter school transportation request forms for the 2025-26 school year.  families must complete a new electronic form for every child requesting services each school year, even if their transportation needs are not changing. you have until april 1, 2025 to complete and submit a request form. failure to complete a new form by the deadline will result in your child being assigned the closest available bus stop based on your home address so please, do not delay. complete your transportation request today by clicking "read more".

comments (-1)












opt-in for 2025-26 school bus transportation

attention current sophomores and juniors! if you plan to use school bus transportation during the 2025-26 school year, you must complete the opt-in for school bus transportation form. because many upperclassmen drive or arrange their own rides, greece central school district requires all students entering grades 11 and 12 to opt in for bus service. transportation will only be provided to those who submit the form. click “read more” to complete the form and request bus transportation for next year. if you do not submit the form, you will not be assigned a bus stop for 2025-26.

comments (-1)












apply for pre-kindergarten for the 2025-26 school year

parents of children who will be 4-years-old on or before dec. 1, 2025 can apply for greece central’s universal prekindergarten program (upk) beginning january 13, 2025.  click "read more" to learn more about upk and to complete an online application .

comments (-1)












visual arts virtual showcase

welcome to the greece central school district's visual arts virtual showcase!  scroll through the beautiful artwork  by our extremely talented young artists! 

comments (-1)












2025-26 high school course offerings guide

we are excited to announce that the 2025-26 school year course selection will begin soon! starting this month, school counselors will visit classrooms to guide students through the course selection process and answer any questions they may have. the  2025-26 high school course offerings guide outlines courses available to greece high school students by subject area, with a new section highlighting all courses we offer that may be eligible for college credit. we encourage families to review this document together so students can make the most out of their high school experience. if you have any questions about course selection, please feel free to contact the school counseling office. 

comments (-1)












2024-25 school musicals calendar

make sure to catch one of these amazing shows showcasing our talented students!

comments (-1)







subscribe to rss feed - district news 
























address: 750 maiden lane, rochester, ny 14615
phone: (585) 966-2000
fax: 

site map






pinterest
youtube
vimeo
twitter
flickr
linkedin
facebook
instagram












use this area for additional text
make this space your own by placing text in this area! use it for a mission / vision statement or add a tagline. list some advertising or highlight a staff member’s accomplishments. this is also a great spot for a disclaimer on it’s own, or in addition to the standard disclaimer area below. 





additional resources


website accessibility
non-discrimination notice








this page is maintained by the office of communications and the office of technology according to the web publishing guidelines of greece central school district. if you are unable to access or use any aspect of our site, please email community.information@greececsd.org or call (585) 966-2000 so we can provide an alternative means of access or use. the district is not responsible for facts or opinions contained on any linked site. please see the additional resources area above for information on our non-discrimination policy and website accessibility.






this page is maintained by the office of communications and the office of technology according to the web publishing guidelines of greece central school district. if you are unable to access or use any aspect of our site, please email community.information@greececsd.org or call (585) 966-2000 so we can provide an alternative means of access or use. the district is not responsible for facts or opinions contained on any linked site. please see the additional resources area above for information on our non-discrimination policy and website accessibility.












questions or feedback? | 
web community manager privacy policy (updated) | 



copyright © 2025 finalsite - all rights reserved.































close






close





















