










home | student information systems






















skip to main content









toggle navigation








                                      student information systems                                  


 



search terms 


 submit search

 

home
student
instructor
staff
alumni
student account delegate
maintenance





secondary navigation

system status
technology @ berkeley






 







 








 


























sis campus solutions is a tool for uc berkeley staff that supports critical academic and administrative processes.
login to campus solutions












student information systems access form
for those with an active employee appointment, please click here to initiate a request for new access or to adjust existing permissions.














calcentral allows students, faculty, and staff to access essential processes like admissions, enrollment, financial aid, bill payment, and more.
login to calcentral






























      service excellence    


we practice service excellence

at student information systems (sis), we are dedicated to service excellence, providing robust technical support to maintain the performance and security of critical academic and administrative processes within calcentral and campus solutions.
we are committed to operational effectiveness and sustainability through strategic planning, ensuring reciprocity and accountability in all our actions.
we champion continuous improvement through reflection and innovation, always seeking ways to enhance our systems and services.
guided by our core values, we foster inclusive and transparent communication among our teams and partners, creating an environment grounded in trust, support, and collaboration.





      inclusive community    


we practice and value an inclusive community

we value diversity and inclusivity, both through lived experience and collaboration.
we cultivate growth and reflection at personal, professional, and organizational levels.
we build trust and accountability through empathy, integrity, and transparency.
we champion mutual respect, ethical conduct, and diverse teams.
we foster cross-collaboration to ensure equitable access to resources.










 
 
 
 
 














home
student
instructor
staff
alumni
student account delegate
maintenance
 
















powered by open berkeley
accessibility statement
nondiscrimination policy statement
privacy statement
copyright © 2025 uc regents; all rights reserved




back to top








