
the official website for brittany tourism



brittany tourism



le phare de kermorvan, le conquet (29)|philipp heigel©le phare de kermorvan, le conquet (29)|philipp heigelwatch video


activités, destination, envie, hôtel...search


discover brittanyphare de l'île vierge depuis beg monom©phare de l'île vierge depuis beg monom|alexandre lamoureuxiconic placesthey may be famous because of a school of painting, or legends that still spark our...read morepointe saint-mathieu, plougonvelin©pointe saint-mathieu, plougonvelin|emmanuel berthierla pointe saint-mathieunear the steep cliffs battered by the sea and winds, a striking lighthouse watches...read morethe quiberon peninsula©the quiberon peninsula|yann audicthe quiberon peninsulawith a spectacular rugged coast to the west and beautiful sandy beaches to the east,...read morevue sur la vilaine depuis le pont de bretagne©vue sur la vilaine depuis le pont de bretagne|noe c. photographymain cities and townssteeped in history but keeping up with the latest trends, brittany’s large towns and...read morebrest - rue de siam - rails de metro - immeuble - centre-ville - boutique©brest - rue de siam - rails de metro - immeuble - centre-ville - boutique|noe c. photographyvisit brestforget everything you think you know about brest. come and experience a captivating...read moresaint malo balade sur les remparts ©saint malo balade sur les remparts |poriel thibaultvisit saint-malolike a stone ship, saint-malo’s ramparts stand tall, keeping watch over its port and...read moremonts d'arrée©monts d'arrée|thibault porielthe 10 destinationsit’s a funny place, brittany. although it’s one distinct region, it can be divided up....read moretrehorenteuc - arbre d'or©trehorenteuc - arbre d'or|alice bertranddestination brocéliandeat brocéliande you can step into a land of legend and share exciting adventures as you...read more©bestjobersquimper cornouaillecornouaille is a wild, unspoilt area, with vast tracts of nature for you to explore...read morela trinite-sur-mer©la trinite-sur-mer|yann audictrip ideaswant to enjoy all the beauties of your holiday destination, to vary your activities,...read more©laissez-vous conter broceliande a velo electrique|yannick derennesamong the legends in brocéliandetake a break from it all and discover the hot spots of the legend of king arthur and...read more©boëlle yvonlet the lighthouses of the iroise sea guide youon land or at sea, get close to the mythical lighthouses in finistère, designed to...read more


focus on©jean-jacques banidechristmas illuminations in brittanyfrom the end of november, brittany lights up in anticipation of christmas, with rows of garlands, illuminated façades and light displays: five night-time walks for festive...read more©hôtel sainte-barbesea-view restaurantsplate in front of you, sky above you, outstanding surroundings. take a seat on the breton coast, facing the open sea. you’ve finally got away from it all. everywhere, the sea:...read morele grand be et le petit be©le grand be et le petit be|noe c. photographyspring tides in brittanyin brittany, the sea recedes every day. six hours later, it comes back... it's the changing of the tides. depending on the coefficients, they can be small or big; above 100,...read more©verneuil teddy - lezbroznatural escapade in brittany in the middle of winteras winter sets in, it’s the ideal time for some great walking in brittany, on the beaches or on the trails. are you ready for a feel-good jaunt? we invite you to go off track...read morebrunch thalasso quiberon williamk la clef©brunch thalasso quiberon williamk la clef|williamk / la clefbrunch & spa: 5 great thalasso ideas !on sundays, it’s brunch as a couple or with the whole tribe! here are 5 gourmet yet healthy addresses well worth a stopover, facing the sea; before a stroll along the beach or...read more©nantes|hdyti - eulanda shead osagiedea city to sea odyssey – 5 days in brittanyinfluencers and content creators eulanda & omo share the itinerary they followed through the vibrant cities of nantes and rennes, as they travel to the north coast of brittany.read more©une jeune femme au lever du soleil sur le lac de tremelin|berthier emmanuela wellness retreat in brittanythis is the perfect time. ‘you’ time, to surround yourself with positive energy and connect with the invigorating elements, for a gentle reboot. where better to re-energise...read moreclick. inspire. go…
receive the brittany newsletter!to receive 4 times a year a summary of the best things to do in brittany by e-mail head this way.×


the best of brittanybrittany is all about getting away from it all, whether you’re walking or enjoying good food, following your dreams or just exploring.  along the footpaths, on the beach or in the cobbled streets, take a deep breath of sea air and let yourself go: this is brittany!fra - illustration
illustration quotidienne réalisée en france.
fra - illustration
daily illustration made in france.©fra - illustration
illustration quotidienne réalisée en france.
fra - illustration
daily illustration made in france.|martin bertrandchill in brittanyimmersion in sea salt and chlorophyll. hyper-vitaminised water, emotions, naturally brewed, ever renewed landscape. brittany is a destination where you can get back to sharing...read more©berthier emmanuelnature and outdoor activitiestake your time. take the air. escape for a few hours or a whole day and journey to the edge of the world. walk through the moorlands and on the coastal paths, with 180-degree...read morepresqu'île de kermorvan©presqu'île de kermorvan|brock bettyculture and heritageclimb to the top of a lighthouse and play at being a watchman. learn about brittany’s tales and legends. wander around the narrow streets of centuries-old towns or take...read more©nicolas dequinfood & drinklet’s put an end to the clichés! there’s more to brittany than crêpes and buckwheat pancakes! the ocean tang of oysters, the succulence of fresh king scallops, the...read moreecolodge la belle verte saint m' hervé ©ecolodge la belle verte saint m' hervé leblogcashpistache juin 2022|martin vanessa eieco-friendly holidays in brittanyshare a new horizon shape a whole new holiday concept: greener, more respectful of your surroundings and its resources, of others and of yourself. enrich yourself without...read more


plan your holidayploemel - la belle folie - cabane tissee - chambre - baignoire©ploemel - la belle folie - cabane tissee - chambre - baignoire|jake mckennaall accommodation©nicolas dequinall activitiescarhaix- festival des vieilles charrues©carhaix- festival des vieilles charrues|yannick schutzbrittany’s main eventstinyhouse-bretagne-kerbastard©location/tinyhouse-bretagne-kerbastard|baroudeurs liegeoispackage holidays















































































































































































































follow us !


























subscribe to our newsletter to receive exclusive information and make the most of your stay in brittany.
subscribe to our newsletter




destinations
find out about brittany’s 10 tourist destinations, the big cities, the islands, the unmissable…

discover








            website made in partnership with all the breton partners
                    



legal notices
privacy policy
cookies policy
cookie settings
cgu booking









make life simpler: add your favourite pages as bookmarks.




















en



official website of tourism in brittany




press


trade professionals










brittany tourism





destinations


nanteslorientvannesauraysaint-nazaireredonsaint-malomont-saint-michelrennesvitréfougèresquimperbrestmorlaixlannionsaint-brieuccarhaix-plouguerpontivyploërmelsaint-brieuc bay – paimpol – les capsfrom the famous fishing port of paimpol to the majestic headlands of cap fréhel and cap d’erquy, here you’ll discover a land steeped in the good things in life – great...brest terres océanesset out from europe’s biggest harbour on a journey to discover the islands, the beaches, the cliffs and the nautical activities that add an extra sparkle to this magnificent...brittany loire oceanfrom the river to the coast, everything this area has to offer is on a grand scale. huge open spaces lead you to amazing marsh landscapes. the coastline is made up of endless...southern brittany – morbihan gulfenjoy the gentle pace of life on the gulf’s islands, discover megalithic secrets and half-timbered houses, experience the thrills of ocean racing, picnic at the isle of groix...heart of brittany – kalon breizh
kalon breizh: welcome to the heart of brittany! in this land of mountains and traditions, experience the very soul of contemporary breton culture. its small valleys, forests...pink granite coast – morlaix bayin this very mild coastal climate you’ll be surrounded by amazing landscapes, a wealth of nature and a unique historic heritage. just look around! you’ll see birds and seals,...destination brocéliandeat brocéliande you can step into a land of legend and share exciting adventures as you travel through its majestic forest. historic sites, active afternoons and fun evenings:...quimper cornouaillecornouaille is a wild, unspoilt area, with vast tracts of nature for you to explore and colourful local traditions to discover. cradled by the sea and bathed in sunlight,...rennes and brittany’s historic gatewayswelcome to the capital! the capital of brittany, that is. you’ll love the cheerful atmosphere of this forward-thinking region that’s switched on and full of creativity. want to...cap fréhel – saint-malo – mont saint-michel baystretching from mont saint michel – often simply called ‘la merveille’ or ‘the wonder’ – to saint malo, the emerald coast boasts some of the highest tides in europe. these...more than a region: a mosaic of worlds… welcome to brittany!all destinationsplomeur - la torche©plomeur - la torcheroad trip itinerariesphare de l'île vierge depuis beg monom©phare de l'île vierge depuis beg monomiconic placesvue sur la vilaine depuis le pont de bretagne©vue sur la vilaine depuis le pont de bretagnemain cities and townssauzon - belle-île-en-mer©sauzon - belle-île-en-merbrittany's islandsplace du champ jacquet©place du champ jacquetdepartments




matching what i want


crtb ae07640 gregory mignard captain yvon hom project©crtb ae07640 gregory mignard captain yvon hom projectadventurecarnac - plage du men du©carnac - plage du men durecharging your batteriesfamily friendlypresqu'île de kermorvan©presqu'île de kermorvanculture and heritagefood & drinkecolodge la belle verte saint m' hervé ©ecolodge la belle verte saint m' hervé leblogcashpistache juin 2022eco-friendly holidays in brittany
                                and also...
                            travel brittany by bikehikes in brittanywith my other halfcanals of brittanyideas
                                brittany through the seasons
                            summerautumnwinterspring




plan my holiday



                                things to do / see
                            by the seaheritage and visitsnatureleisure and relaxationsportsthalassotherapylocal know-howgolfall activitiesploemel - la belle folie - cabane tissee - chambre - baignoire©ploemel - la belle folie - cabane tissee - chambre - baignoirewhere to stay ?teorum, marque bretonne à cancale de vêtements en combinaison re©teorum, marque bretonne à cancale de vêtements en combinaison rewhere to eat ?le festival les fanfarfelues©le festival les fanfarfeluescalendarplomeur - la torche©plomeur - la torcheitineraries and trip ideasbrittany experiencesannie spratt kzo9xqmo ta unsplashmap of brittany




getting here


gare de lorient©gare de lorientgetting to brittanyen voiture©en voituregetting around brittanynicolas j leclercq 84qoq203ms0 unsplash©unsplashbrexit travel guide













from.
                                €.......






close








english





français





italiano





nederlands





español





deutsch





日本語





中文 





breton




close
×





