









lupus association of nsw inc. – the quest for a cure



























































skip to content




lupus association of nsw inc.
the quest for a cure

1800 802 088donate now



home understanding lupuswhat is lupus? signs and symptoms of lupus diagnosing lupus faqs about lupus  how lupus affects the bodyhow does lupus affect the body lupus and the kidneys infections photosensitivity  living with lupustips for living with lupus diet and exercise medications managing pain managing fatigue looking after your well-being lupus and covid-19 coronavirus, stress and mental health  sjogren’s syndromewhat is sjögren’s syndrome? signs and symptoms of sjögren’s diagnosing sjögren’s syndrome treating sjögren’s syndrome tips for living with sjögren’s syndrome  newsnews and events lupus stories research and reports the monash lupus clinic  about usmission statement our history contact support groups privacy policy other lupus websites donate  





home understanding lupuswhat is lupus? signs and symptoms of lupus diagnosing lupus faqs about lupus  how lupus affects the bodyhow does lupus affect the body lupus and the kidneys infections photosensitivity  living with lupustips for living with lupus diet and exercise medications managing pain managing fatigue looking after your well-being lupus and covid-19 coronavirus, stress and mental health  sjogren’s syndromewhat is sjögren’s syndrome? signs and symptoms of sjögren’s diagnosing sjögren’s syndrome treating sjögren’s syndrome tips for living with sjögren’s syndrome  newsnews and events lupus stories research and reports the monash lupus clinic  about usmission statement our history contact support groups privacy policy other lupus websites donate  

























welcome
since 1979 lupus association of nsw has been the leading peak body which offers advice, information, support and networking for patients across nsw and now also parts of australia.




our priorities
1. to facilitate support and provide counselling and factual up to date information for our members.
2. to promote understanding of systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) and related connective tissue diseases (ctd) amongst ourselves, our families, medical and allied health professionals and the community.
3. to operate as a resource base for information and literature regarding systemic lupus erythematosus and related connective tissue diseases.
4. to liaise with similar organisations both interstate and overseas.
5. to promote financial support for research, training and health care services for systemic lupus erythematosus and related connective tissue diseases.
6. to consult with government bodies for appropriate funding for systemic lupus erythematosus and related connective tissue diseases.





what is lupus?
also known as systemic lupus erythematosus (sle), lupus reprograms immune cells so they attack the body itself, resulting in chronic inflammation. it can affect the kidneys, joints, skin, brain, and the lining of the heart and lungs. lupus can be mild or life-threatening.

risk factors for developing lupus

the triggers for lupus are poorly understood. some factors that are associated with developing lupus are:

being female: 90 per cent of australians with lupus are women.
early adulthood: most cases of lupus are detected in people aged between 15 and 40.
genetic susceptibility: lupus is more prevalent in some families and some racial groups. lupus is more prevalent and more severe in aboriginal australians than in the wider australian population.
sunlight exposure can be a trigger in susceptible people.



key statistics
1 in 1,000
lupus is estimated to affect more than 25,000 (1 in 1,000) people in australia
15-45
onset usually occurs between 15 and 45 years
90%
90% of those affected are women











signs & symptoms
read more >











how does lupus affect the body
read more >











tips for living with lupus
read more >











research
read more >











show you care
read more >











helping others
read more >





latest news and research





research opportunity
the efficacy of prebiotics and probiotics in reducing ocular signs and symptoms of immune disease-related dry eye.
researchers at unsw, sydney (the university of new south wales) are seeking volunteer research participants to learn about the effect of probiotics and prebiotics on immune disease-related dry eye. probiotics are live bacteria intended to have health benefits when consumed; and prebiotics are a special form of dietary fibre.
to find out more go to https://lupusnsw.org.au/research-efficacy/





help athena fight lupus & kidney disease:
if you are able please help through her gofundme account:
https://gofund.me/6035b299





raise a hand to help us




help research to find a cure!




join us as we work to find a cure for this hidden monster


donate now









the lupus association of nsw site is for informational purposes only and should not be a substitute for professional medical advice, examination, diagnosis or treatment. however, do not delay seeking or disregard medical advice based on information on this site. always seek the advice of your local family physician or other qualified health professional before starting any new treatment or making any changes to existing treatment. medical information changes rapidly and while the lupus association of nsw make efforts to continually update the content on the site, some information may be out of date.












stay in touchaddress: 55 wicks rd
north ryde nsw 2113
 
phone: (02) 9878 6055
email: info@lupusaust.org.au
a.b.n: 25 876 911 996useful linksother lupus websites
latest tweets world lupus day is 10th may each year.
let’s work together to raise awareness and beat this monster!

donationshow to donate
privacy policy
 
 
 
 donate now!












							© lupus association of nsw inc.
						




webmaster - admin@lupusnsw.org.au




















