









creekwood resort | north ga rv park & cabin rental









































info@creekwoodresort.com















home
cabin rental

4 the birds cabin
leopard lodge cabin
sportsman’s lodge cabin
two giraffe inn cabin


rv sites
rv rules
campground map
photo gallery
testimonials
area information
our story
directions
contact us
 


select page


  
 
 





















cabin rentals in ga mountains








creekwood rv park & cabins








rv park in north ga










creekwood resort – cabin rental & rv park in north georgia

creekwood resort offers cabin rentals and spaces to park your rv. creekwood is conveniently located in the north georgia mountains near helen, ga and unicoi state park. we are an adult only, age 21+ resort (sorry, no children allowed) which allows our clients the satisfaction of having a quiet and comfortable camping experience. book today to secure your cabin or rv site!












cabin rentals
4 rental cabins to choose from



*note: cabins are limited to only 2 adults (age 28+)






rv sites
quiet, secluded rv sites



new! dog park added in 2022






directions
our location is near helen, ga











book 6 rv nights and get 7th night free!call now to book your space!





note: cell coverage is spotty here in the foothills but verizon works the best. we just upgraded our wi-fi but we do not guarantee the service (it works much better, but our provider is still windstream, so outages are out of our control). windstream discontinued cable service, so we installed 15 tv channels thru satellite now at every site and all cabins. at the rv site you will need a coax cable to connect.







phone: 706-878-216410 am - 8 pm / 7 days a weekinfo@creekwoodresort.com





creekwood resort5730 highway 356 sautee nacoochee, ga 30571

www.creekwoodresort.com



map & driving directions rv rules & regulations

sign up for our newsletter 



 











facebook




x




instagram


© 2025 creekwood resort. all rights reserved. | website design by: gainesville web design  













