


celebrating 125 years of service in the field of geomatics&reprographic systems aiming to provide complete support to architects, engineers, surveyors, contractors, gis professionals and foresters































about 
            us | products 
            | location | contact 
            us


 

     
  


 
 






enter your search terms

submit search form





 




 






 



  








bookeye scanner
diazit products
calcomp products
canon products
colortrac products
cruse products
haglof products
leica products
mdl products
microbox products
neolt products
pentax products
recta products
silva products
suunto products
ushikata products
yamayo products
softelec softwares
surveying software






 
 
terrset geospatial monitoring and modeling software

terrset is   an integrated geospatial software system for monitoring and modeling   the earth system. the terrset system incorporates the idrisi gis   analysis and idrisi image processing tools along with a constellation of   vertical applications.








 
scamax document scanners

hi speed scanning with 
                            no scan glass 
                            no daily volume limits 






colortrac wide format scanners

accurate affordable 
                          cis and ccd scanner economic
                          energy star, fast 
                          innovative instant-on
                          low maintenance
                          network ready.

 

  



 
bookeye 3 scanners
the bookeye® book scanner and software solutions, for scanning, electronic document delivery and periodical indexing are based on development and production. as one of the world's leading providers of products for the digitisation and content indexing of books, maps, drawings and other media, click here for bookeye introductions 

bookeye 4 scanner  



suunto compasses 
suunto compasses are designed to withstand the most extreme conditions(-40°c to + 60 °c) .as one of the world's leading compass manufacturers,suunto's commitment to quality is the reason ,we choose the most durable materials and individually balance each compass by hand.all suunto compasses are ergonomically designed and highly accurate. suunto founded in 1936. 





carlson 
explorer 600
the fastest most powerful, ruggedized mobile hand held                         computer available today. click here for carlson civil 2007 software



javad rtk system 
                      based on the triumph chip,  triumph-1 is a fully integrated package ready for your demanding jobs,  offering precise and automatic performance beyond anything that you  have experienced so far.



vphybridcad software
ideal for scanning edit,modify,merging file,raster to vector conversion,export to gis,georeferencing by geotiff add attributes area recognition






archer longbow rock solid, field ready 
                      use the archer longbow when rapid, safe capture of geospatial  information is required. simply aim, shoot, and record a target's  position and distance along with a verifiable digital image.applications abound in situations where targets are difficult to reach  or safety is a concern, including: asset management, research,  insurance assessment, environmental work, disaster relief, and military  engineering. use the longbow in your agency or industry to improve your  mobile gis productivity.


 
 


other services                        


 
                        newsletter 


 
                        download brochures



career opportunities                        








 



 




 

 
 


 
 







 


- 




