




bespoke wine racks | custom wine cellar design & storage solutions | wine racks uk















































































 

tel: 0115 9441434
login / register
0 items – £0.00
























































































tel: 0115 9441434



about us
inspiration
photo gallery
contact us
my account
search
basket
 0


home
ai wine rack quote
bespoke wine racks

wood & metal
solid oak
solid pine
champagne racks
metal wine racks
built-in wine rack
shop, restaurant & bar
large wine rack
wine rack calculator


wine walls & systems

bespoke wine wall
wine cabinets
wine chiller display cabinet
wine storage bins & cubes
wine case racks
showcase wine racking


wine cellars & conditioning

wine cellar design
bespoke wine rooms
under stairs wine cellars
wine cellar ideas
fondis cellar air-con
split cellar air conditioning
commission your own home wine cellar


online shop
about us
inspiration
contact us
 









search for:









































bespoke wine racks & handmade storage solutions                               manufactured in the uk since 1977

get a quote from a person

click now for a free quote

or
call us on 01159 441 434

a&w moore wine racks uk provide a comprehensive range of contemporary, high-quality wine racks and wine cabinet storage solutions.
the most trusted manufacturer and installer of bespoke wine racks, wine cellars and wine rooms in the uk.

see our recent projects

read more about our ai wine rack planner > > >

get an ai quote





custom wine storage racks
we have built our reputation on building bespoke wine racks using only the finest materials. so we  can provide you with bespoke storage solutions that are tailor-made for your wine cellar, and above all ensure your wine storage solution will preserve your wine or champagne for generations. moreover we can create designs and build metal wine rack and a wide range of wood wine rack solutions.

affordable wine rack system
our solid oak, solid pine and wood and metal traditional wine racks will store standard 75cl wine bottles and moët style champagne bottles. for bollinger, krug or dom perignon champagne bottles, we manufacture special champagne racks, specifically designed to suit the rounded bottom shapes of the bottles.consideration also needs to be given to whether storage will be needed for magnum or half bottles and what sort of quantities will be required.
view our unique range of custom wine storage

traditional wood & metal wine racks



solid pine



solid oak



metal wine racks


lockable wine racks



shop, restaurant & bar



showcase wine racking



wine storage bins
custom built-in wine racks
we specialise in the manufacture of elegant, sophisticated, made to measure built-in wine racks and cabinets for home or commercial purposes. creating your perfect wine cellar, to organise your wine tasting, or would simply like to display your wine in your kitchen or shop.
wine rooms and wine cellars
for those with bigger plans and a bigger budget we can help plan, design and install beautiful wine rooms and home wine cellars. we have over 40 years experience building bespoke wine storage with the perfect temperature and wine humidity control to protect your precious wine.
wine cellars can be tedious to design, configure and navigate. we will support and advise you throughout the entire set-up process, whilst also providing you with all the necessary wine cellar accessories and furniture.
affordable wine racks for sale
our reputation for quality products at affordable prices, combined with great personal service, means that we now have loyal clients from every corner of the globe, as well as across the united kingdom. from luxurious hotels to countryside restaurants and private residences, choose from our large collection of oak wine racks or more contemporary wine cabinets to find your perfect fit.
view our under stairs wine cellars. 





faqs

how to preserve the properties of a good wine?

the cellar should be as dark as possible. wine does not like light and this transforms the natural colour of the wine and its taste. you should also avoid storing your wine in a place where there are too big temperature differences. if the temperature must change then stay between 6°c and 20°c.



what is the golden rule for storing wine?

the golden rule for good conservation is 14/80. the ideal cellar temperature is 14°c with a humidity percentage of 80%.



what is a bespoke wine rack?

a bespoke wine rack is an essential requirement for anyone who collects and enjoys fine wine. apart from being functional in helping to store your bottles in the correct position, they have also become a central element to a modern or rustic decor.
traditional wine racks are made from galvanised steel and high-quality pine, which can be left natural or finished in a variety of  wood stains for a more pleasing look to your wine rack. the stains available are light, medium and dark oak, walnut, black and mahogany. the wood can also be treated with a special wood preservative if you are concerned with the humidity levels in the room where you intend to store your bottles.
oak wine racks are also one of our most popular ranges, due to their more distinctive appearance, alongside solid pine wine racks, all having the option to be tailor-made for your wine cellar, kitchen, dining room, under stairs, shop, hotel or restaurant.



how much do custom wine racks cost to build?

our wood and metal wine racks are the most economical in our range starting from £1.20 per hole for the basic pine and galvanised steel. if the pine and galvanised steel is substituted for solid oak and stainless steel the price rises to £6.25-£7.25 depending on the depth and colour of stain.
the all wood wine racks start at £6.75 per hole for the all pine version and the solid oak start at £9.00 per hole. the solid oak  and pine wine racks are our premium wine racks which can be taylor-made to fit your space. these wine racks can be designed so that they fit with our wine case racks, wine bins-cubes to create a fully fitted wine cellar to store and display your wine collection, which can be only a few bottles to many thousand.



what are the best wine racks for a wine cellar?

when deciding on the best wine cellar storage solution, there are five factors to take into consideration; appearance, temperature, humidity, light and movement.
these will help you decide between solid oak, pine and metal wine rack solutions.
the perfect wine cellars is difficult to design, configure and navigate, which is why we will support and advise you throughout the entire set-up process, whilst also providing you with all the necessary wine cellar accessories and furniture. we have the experience to manufacture wine racks that will fit most type of bottles. one common mistake people make is that they get their local joinery company to make them some wine racks only to find that their burgundy bottles will not fit into the wine racks. we can make wine racks to fit all types of bottles ranging from half bottles, standard bottles, magnums, imperials through to a nebuchadnezzar. our standard bottle wine racks will fit moet style champagne bottles and we do manufacture wine racks for dom perignon style bottles.



what is a wine cabinet?

a good wine rack is an essential requirement for anyone who collects and enjoys fine wine.
apart from being functional in helping to store your bottles in the correct position, they have also become a central element to a modern or rustic decor.
we specialise in the manufacture of elegant, sophisticated, made to measure wine racks and cabinets for home or commercial purposes, whether you are looking to create your wine cellar, organise a wine tasting, or would simply like to display your wine in your kitchen or shop.



how we make our bespoke wine racks?

all our wine racks are manufactured in our factory by derbyshire craftsmen which have many years experience. many of our wine racks are then delivered by our own transport as we make weekly deliveries to london and the surrounding areas. we also have the ability to supply and deliver wine racks to europe and the rest of the world.



how deep is a wine rack?

the depth of our wine racks depend upon the style. if the wine bottle is stored with the neck pointing outwards you will need 300-320mm as this is the length of a standard wine bottle. our traditional wood and metal one are available in two depths of 220mm and 300mm. the 220mm depth allows the neck of the wine bottle to protrude from the wine rack and the 300mm depth encloses the wine bottle. where space is at a premium we have styles of wine racks that only need a depth of 100mm as the bottle is stored side-ways on.








light: how much light do you need?
a cellar should always be kept dark as much as possible, avoiding sun rays as ultraviolet rays can severely affect the quality of your wine.




humidity: what is the ideal humidity of wine storage?
humidity for wine storage is a very important factor, as if your cellar is too dry, the corks can start to dry out and crackle, releasing oxygen into the wine. reciprocally, if your cellar is too humid, the labels on the bottles can spoil and in extreme circumstances, the fungus can start growing on the bottles. air conditioners can help remedy this problem, although ones not specifically designed for wine cellars can often make the atmosphere very dry. this is why at a&w moore, we also supply a range of wine cellar air conditioners which you can buy online and are suitable for wine storage as they control the temperature and humidity levels.




temperature: what’s the best temperature for red wine storage?
temperature: this is the most critical factor, as it can ultimately affect the quality and longevity of your wine. ideally, your cellar’s temperature should remain between 10 and 14 degrees celsius. small variations in temperature can occur depending on the time of year and season.




movement: how to organise a wine rack?
frequent vibration or agitation of the wine bottles can be detrimental to the long-term ageing of the wine, as it risks moving the sediment, which will affect its taste, texture and therefore, quality.














all prices are inclusive of vat


 there may be additional delivery charges for scotland
                    


we also dispatch wine racks worldwide
                        please contact us by email or telephone for prices & delivery costs.
all orders are subject to our conditions of sale






terms and conditions
privacy policy
sitemap
 








© copyright a & w moore wine racks uk 2025





































