





eastern harmony acupuncture & herbal clnic



































skip to content














713-529-1610 • 713-984-0111 •
appointments@easternharmonyclinic.com •
	

 



toggle header




 








toggle navigation






home
our practice 

our approach
meet the team 

dr. sadhna singh
marlene cummings
wes hamner
jennifer law choo
our clinic founder, randine lewis


success stories


services 

fertility
ivf/iui support
pregnancy
women’s health
menopause & peri menopausal symptoms
pain
men’s health
internal medicine


new patient 

forms 

fertility enhancement forms
wellness health history


faqs


resources
contact us
 









eastern harmony clinic
eastern harmony clinic in houston is a team of premier specialists in women's health care, fertility support, prenatal care, post partum support, pain management & other internal medicine problems.

our goal is to provide an integrated approach to optimize your health and wellness.

we believe that every person is unique, each condition is different, and as a result our treatment plan is tailored to the individual.











featured






eastern harmony in the media

acupuncture for fertility this video is the first in a two part series featuring how acupuncture can help couples conceive a child.   herbal medicine this video is the second in a two part series featuring how herbal medicine can help couples conceive a child. …







facebook review

i have loved my experience here!!! the staff is so patient and kind – and always on schedule. i am so thankful for the wonderful changes and cure of insomnia that i struggled with for 10 years! despite so many other natural attempts to cure …







 

quicklinksour two locations
faqs
fertility enhancement forms




search


searching is in progress








bunker hill/memorial  9525 katy freeway, suite 430, houston, tx 77024      |      sugar land   12930 dairy ashford road, unit 703, sugar land, tx 77478

copyright © 2023 eastern harmony clinic 


kale by lyrathemes.com.

















