
















fundamental faith 








































































fundamental faith 






























































































saturday, march 10, 2018







the basic truths of the gospel 








the word gospel in the greek language is euangelion which means "good message" or "good news." in the bible, the gospel is described as the first four books of the new testament (matthew, mark, luke, and john) but it is also referred to when talking about the truth of jesus christ and the way to a forgiven life. the message of the gospel is very simple and when considered, is the most important decision we will ever make. here is the good news of the gospel broken down into three basic truths:



1. we are all sinners.

there is no person on this earth that has not sinned. the bible tells us this in romans chapter 2 verse 23; "for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of god.." this is such a hard truth to hear, trust me i know it is, because it means each and every one of us have to examine our hearts and admit that we are evil. jeremiah 17:9 says " the heart is deceitful above all thing and desperately wicked. who can know it?" ouch. the bible also tells us that we cannot live with god if we are sinful because he is holy and perfect and cannot be in the presence of sin. as sinners, we deserve death as our punishment but we have a gracious god who loves us despite our wicked hearts and who made sure there was a way for us to be forgiven of our sins!



2. jesus died on the cross so our sins can be forgiven.



for every action there is a consequence and for every sin there is a punishment that must be paid. for example as a child, when you didn't clean your room when you were told, you didn't get dessert after dinner. the same thing is true for sins. in the old testament, pure animals were sacrificed as a way to have sins forgiven but obviously we don't do that anymore. but why? we still sin don't we? of course we do and we always will but when jesus died on the cross, he sacrificed himself for us. he willingly went to the cross and was crucified for all of our sins. he willingly went to the cross for your sins. he was the ultimate sacrifice and he did it because of his unwavering and everlasting love for you. he paid the price that we all deserved to pay so that we can have everlasting life and live with god in heaven.



3. to receive we must admit, accept, and believe. 

this gift of salvation is given to us by the lord and to receive it we must admit, accept, and believe. we must first admit to god that we know we are sinners and humble ourselves before him. this is important because if we cannot admit that we are sinners then we are telling god that we don't need him or the sacrifice of his son jesus christ which is entirely wrong. we must also accept the gift of salvation that god gives us. if someone holds out a present to you, how can you receive the gift if you do not reach out and take it? to accept the gift of salvation, you acknowledge that jesus died on the cross to save you of your sins and ask him to be your savior. finally, we must believe. faith in jesus christ is the only way we can be saved. there is no set of rules that we can follow perfectly or number of good things we can do that will save us from our sins. only faith in jesus christ can save us. romans 10:9 says " if you declare with your mouth 'jesus is lord' and believe in your heart that god raised him from the dead, you will be saved." 





jesus loves you so much and wants you to believe in him and put your life in his hands. i promise it is the best decision you will ever make♡









posted by



fundamental faith




at

12:37 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest
















home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















about me




fundamental faith



view my complete profile



blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2018

(1)





        ▼ 
      



march

(1)

the basic truths of the gospel


















































ethereal theme. theme images by galeries. powered by blogger.
























