






 



gargiulos | italian restaurant | neapolitan cuisine & catering halls










































































 









skip to content






gargiulos restaurant
classic neapolitan cuisine

about diningmenus gift certificates  cateringrooms party menu event vendors weddingswedding menu  corporate events  news & eventscalendar  galleries contact 
shop



 
about diningmenus gift certificates  cateringrooms party menu event vendors weddingswedding menu  corporate events  news & eventscalendar  galleries contact 










gargiulo's restaurant 
							classic neapolitan cuisine 
							 



since 1907 
							 see our menu 
							 reserve table 
							 














celebrating 116 years of business!







for a taste of italy in the heart of brooklyn, look no further than gargiulo’s. we are an authentic italian restaurant serving delicious, traditional neapolitan fare made from family recipes that have stood the test of time. our food is unbeatable, made with fresh, high-quality ingredients and cooked in-house with care. gargiulo’s has been family owned and operated since 1907, making us a brooklyn staple and a coney island favorite for over a century. we have a huge dining area, perfect for enjoying a lunch with coworkers or a romantic dinner for two. in addition to lunch and dinner, we also offer private dining rooms that can host anywhere from 20 to 400 people. we also provide catering, so your next corporate meeting, party, wedding reception or event just got a lot tastier!










history







restaurant menu













 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 




catering, events & private parties













whether your upcoming event is a wedding reception, a fund raiser, a corporate gathering or a life celebration, the facilities at gargiulo’s can accommodate any event with any number of guests.
with over fifty years in the italian restaurant and catering business, the russo family will help you plan every detail from the appetizers to beautiful and lavish venetian hours. our beautiful catering hall can accommodate up to 500 guests; we also have smaller rooms that can accommodate parties as small as 25 and as large as 150. free wi-fi access is available and, for larger events, audio-visual coordinators are also available (additional fees apply).










more details







catering rooms






share this page

share on facebookshare on facebook
share on xshare on x
pin itshare on pinterest
share on linkedinshare on linkedin











about usgargiulo’s restaurant was established in 1907 by the gargiulo family, and in 1965 the russo family acquired it, bringing their neopolitan hospitality and cuisine. today it is a coney island landmark, a major entertainment venue for weddings, catered events and private parties.


catering & events
whether your upcoming event is a wedding reception, a fund raiser, a corporate gathering or a life celebration, the facilities at gargiulo’s can accommodate any event with any number of guests.

facebooktwitterinstagramyelp

learn more about us menu galleries news & events contact privacy policy cookie policytinton falls, njtake out & delivery:
732-389-9100

view website


hours of operation:
monday: closed
tuesday: closed
wednesday: 12pm-09:30pm
thursday:	12pm-09:30pm
friday:	12pm-10:30pm
saturday:	12pm-10:30pm
sunday:	12pm-9:00pm


gift certificates 







copyright © 2017 - 2024 sirena restaurant. all rights reserved. lookit® web design and services. powered by quiksite®.








go to top


































































