




 


international association of forensic mental health services - home



 




        




 














home




about




membership




sigs



forensic mental health nurses




mental health courts & diversion




risc-team




service development




long-term forensic psychiatric care




offenders with intellectual disability




emerging forensic systems




equity, diversity and inclusion




family engagement







student section



student grants & awards



derek eaves research grant







resources



anti-racism statement




differences in phd programs




conferences & events




solidarity with ukraine







student leadership opportunties




student board activities







2025 conference



registration




keynote speakers




sponsorship




accommodation




call for submissions




call for workshops




bursary awards







christopher webster award




rüdiger müller-isberner award




publications



journal




book series




newsletter







equity, diversity, & inclusion




job postings




2024 conference



registration




keynote speakers




virtual poster




conference program




pre-conference workshops




accommodation




sponsorship




bursary awards







2023 conference



registration




conference program




keynote speakers




post-conference workshops




organizational coin & pin




sponsorship




accommodation




bursary awards







2022 conference



registration




conference program




organizational coin & pin




pre-conference workshops




sponsorship




keynote speakers




accommodation




bursary awards







2021 conference



2021 keynote speakers




2021 registration




2021 call for submissions




2021 program




anniversary merchandise sale




2021 christopher webster award




2021 rüdiger müller-isberner award







2020 awards



2020 christopher webster award




2020 rüdiger müller-isberner award




2020 cancellation policy & covid-19 update







2019 conference



2019 registration




2019 workshops




2019 accommodation




2019 keynote speakers




2019 program




2019 christopher webster award




2019 rüdiger müller-isberner award




bursary awards




2019 sponsorship







2018 conference



2018 keynote speakers




2018 program




2018 workshops




2018 rüdiger müller-isberner award




2018 christopher webster award







2017 conference



program




keynote speakers




workshops




christopher webster award




rüdiger müller-isberner award




bursary awards




sponsorship




travel







2016 conference



workshops




accommodation




location & travel




awards







covid-19 resources



covid-19 compendium




open access papers







contact us






log in










welcome to the international association of forensic mental health services!



























































 
welcome to the international association of forensic mental health services (iafmhs). it is a great honour and privilege to represent our members as president of the association. i have been a member of iafmhs for nearly 20 years, and have always valued the opportunity for open dialogue and collaboration between professionals from multiple disciplines involved in research, policy, management and actual care delivery at the intersection of mental health and justice. iafmhs has always sought to bridge these disciplines and promote learning from an international and culturally diverse perspective, our overall aim being to improve care and services for justice-involved people with mental illness.
across continents, countries, and communities the covid-19 pandemic continues to change how we are delivering care. we see considerable variations in health and social outcomes even across neighbouring localities. this is the case globally. international research suggests adults and young people with mental health conditions at the interface with criminal justice settings have experienced further burdens on their overall health and human rights. this is an important time to uphold the highest possible ethical and professional standards across our clinical and scientific communities. a time to foster effective support and collaboration across the field of forensic mental health. iafmhs is home to a flourishing journal, the international journal of forensic mental health, an ongoing book series, an annual conference, a quarterly newsletter, special interest groups, and an engaged and innovative student board. over the years, we have been proud to participate in the development of new generations of researchers and clinicians from across the global community. please join our membership and take part in a vibrant professional organization!
quazi haque, ph.d.
past president of the iafmhs (2021-2023)

   in remembrance, our international community mourns the passing of professor christopher d. webster.   

it is with heavy hearts that we let you know that christopher d. webster passed away february 20, 2024. he was an icon in forensic mental health and psychology whose compassion and warmth touched the lives of many. he was a remarkable thinker, persistently challenging the status quo, and a prolific writer who produced many of the most well-respected measures adopted into clinical practice across the globe. his contributions reshaped the field of violence risk assessment and are reflected in contemporary services in civil psychiatric, forensic psychiatric and correctional systems worldwide. he was unwavering in his commitment to build a better system, to contribute to better outcomes for clients and in supporting the next generation of trainees. his
 profound contributions to the field of forensic mental health and his 
firm dedication to fostering kindness serve as a beacon of inspiration 
for us all. we honor his legacy and commit to carrying forward his 
spirit of generosity and scholarly excellence. 
he was a friend, colleague, and mentor to dozens of individuals 
worldwide, and his writings and lectures provide wisdom and significant 
advancements in knowledge. we will continue to honour his generosity of 
spirit, the quality of his work, and his instrumental role as a mentor 
by presenting an award in his name at the annual meeting of the 
association: the christopher webster early career award.



chris seemingly had a it all, he lived a rich, happy and productive 
life, collaborating on multiple research and writing projects to this 
day. he was kind, generous and warm with a wonderful sense of humour and
 an infectious laugh.he will be remembered as being among the most highly respected academic and clinical minds and a passionate family person whose spirit will continue to be valued and emulated by so many.if you wish to make a donation to the christopher webster award, you can do so here.
 

 







become a member:iafmhs membership comes with a number of benefits. click below to register! 

join us

 
about iafmhsthe international association of forensic mental health services (iafmhs) was established in 2000 as an international non-profit association, with headquarters in vancouver, british columbia, canada. 
learn more

 






































international journal of forensic mental health servicestaylor & francis

official linkedin profile

iafmhs student boardinstagram
  

log in












news

publicationstrainings & workshopscontact us


connect with us on social media!























 
















powered by wild apricot membership software







