







sunshine mills



























































































cart
















0
















            about
          

            quality assurance
          

        our store
      

            contact
          



        careers
      






































































cart
















0











aboutquality assuranceour storecontact











careers









scroll








we are sunshine mills

satisfying pets & owners since 1960


    join our team
  









 

meet our brands

all brands



















































































super premium









































farm & feed


































veterinary diets













pet treats


































 




 




testimonials






























“you can’t go wrong. when my daughter bought my little puggy pups (yes, brother & sister both ended up raised by nana), the “breeders” sent us with a supply of cheese pupcorn. we only have the sis left after 13 years, but they both (brother/bruno & sis/roxy), but they have both enjoyed a lifetime of pupcorn. i made sure of it. these treats are wonderful ❤️ ❤️”- l. lyman































"my young brother n sister cavalier puppies just have to hear me open the bag of these delicious biscuits and they stop whatever they are doing. they want a biscuit. i use these biscuits for special behavior treats. they’ve been the perfect treat to train sit and stay because the puppies love the biscuit so much. besides being desirable, they stay fresh. thank you evolve."- nancy n.































“we have a french bulldog julius, who is a very spoiled and finicky eater. once we tried evolve that problem was solved. he loves all. 4 flavors. thank you for offering such a great food.”- michael w.











 




 

 






join the pack on instagram

 








































 






 













 






bark us a line or two




    contact us
  








banner intro



our brands



testimonial



home - subscribe



instagram



new page










































aboutquality assurancecareerscontactstore


 











 

(800)-633-3349 • 500 6th street sw. red bay, al 35582© #[date] sunshine mills inc. / all rights reserved.    policy/legal

  









 

e-verify is a registered trademark of the u.s. department of homeland security. this business uses e-verify in its hiring practices to achieve a lawful workforce.




















