 









mpd auto blog | cars



















































skip to content


     











search for:


  search



   










 
mpd – auto blog



menu







   

home
about
auto news & reviews
contact
 









mpd auto blog
 










 



8 essential maintenance to make to sell your car faster at a sweet price 
cars mpdautoblog 


yes, it is possible to sell your car “as is.” however, with all the good options out there, it may be hard to sell it, […]


august 21, 2022august 11, 2022leave a comment on 8 essential maintenance to make to sell your car faster at a sweet price 







 



7 pro tips on how to maintain your car to keep it in best shape 
cars mpdautoblog 


properly maintaining your car is key not only to keep it in working condition for a long time but also to ensure your safety and […]


august 18, 2022august 11, 2022leave a comment on 7 pro tips on how to maintain your car to keep it in best shape 







 



transparent guide to shipping your cars across the country 
cars mpdautoblog 


are you moving across the country? or did you buy a car from someone who lives in another state? for whatever reason you may have, shipping your car beyond the borders might become a necessity. the problem is, it’s not all that easy, and you may need some help. well, this is it! by the end of this article, you’ll know how to save time and money and, more importantly, ensure your vehicle’s safety when transporting it across the country.
the cost of shipping
first things first, you’ll need to determine how much money you’ll need to transport your car across the country. although it’s hard to come by a specific and exact estimate, there are factors you can consider to help you form a budget.
size and weight of car 
shipping costs shoot up the heavier your car gets. smaller cars are generally lighter and take less space, resulting in lower expenses. large vehicles, on the other hand, are more space-consuming and heavier, affecting the fuel usage of the transport truck and leading to higher rates.
distance and location of move
without a doubt, the distance of your move will affect the price of shipping your car. but more than that, location also plays a part. if you’re transporting your vehicle to common auto shipping routes, like boston, nyc, and los angeles, it will cost less. however, when it’s not headed to the main routes, you can expect that it’ll be pricier.
car type
transporting regular cars is cheap. luxury and collector cars? no. because it requires more security, better equipment, and skills to transport, prices will normally rise.
time of move
shipping your car during the winter is easily costlier than in the summer. this is because of all the snow and lower road visibility, making driving harder and more dangerous. you may also see an increase in charge during peak seasons.
type of shipping
auto transport companies typically offer two options for delivery: open and enclosed. open car shipping is the more affordable option. however, your vehicle will be exposed to the elements and road conditions. although there are normally no problems with this, there’s still the risk of damage due to weather conditions and road debris. in contrast, enclosed auto transport is at a premium as it assures full protection of your car from the elements, especially on long rides.
preparing your car for transport
when shipping your vehicle, you can’t just give it to the transporter and let them do their thing. you also have to do your part. take note of these preparations you should make:

clean your car. washing off the excess dirt and grime makes it easier to spot any damages before and after transport. plus, wouldn’t you love a fresh-looking vehicle upon arrival?
ideally, disable the vehicle alarm. it can be a hassle for the driver and everyone on the road to hear your car making a noise every time it gets shifty. this is especially true when opting for enclosed auto transport.
as mentioned above, the weight of your car is a factor in the shipping price. so, reduce the load and make it lighter. empty your gas tank to about a quarter full. take out all unnecessary and personal items, such as cash and electronics, as well as exterior accessories.
perform necessary maintenance. if needed, refill vital fluids and ensure the tire pressure and battery condition are in good shape.
photograph your car. no one wants to damage your car. but chances are never zero. take pictures before the transit and review them on arrival. if you notice any damages incurred during shipping, you can use the photos as evidence.
always secure insurance. you can never know when something bad might happen. along with this, it’s also essential to have other important documents like car registration, car title, proof of ownership, and a valid id. check over the bill of lading and verify all its contents before signing.

hire the best auto shipping company
transporting your car across the country only requires three easy steps – making a budget, getting ready for shipping, and hiring the best auto transporters in your area. now, here’s a question. what makes an auto shipping company great?
licensed and registered
this is out of the question. who would trust a company that isn’t licensed and registered? these two are the most basic things you must look for when hiring a car shipping company.
insurance policy
a good auto transport company will give its customer a competitive and comprehensive insurance policy protecting the car shipment and assuring their vehicle’s safety. it must also be up on their official website or readily available on request.
honest pricing
some transport companies offer cheaper services only to surprise you with a barrage of hidden fees after delivery. while others give a premium price, saying it’s because of all the inclusions and quality work involved just for you to get the average service. so, always go for companies who are transparent and fair with their charges from the get-go. you don’t want to be stressed with additional fees or pay more than you have to.
positive customer review
if you want to be sure of a company’s services, head over to their customer review. it’s the closest thing you can expect to happen when working with them. check if the comments are mostly positive and satisfied. if so, you’re all god. however, if you see a shocking number of negative reviews, it’s time to skip to the next one.
experienced and professional staff
experience is the best teacher. with that, it’s best to search for a company with skilled and experienced workers. they’ll know more than enough about how to appropriately handle your car to transport it across the country safely.
the bottom line
there’s nothing to worry about in shipping your car across the country. as long as you have the money and readied your vehicle, everything will proceed as it should. but most importantly, never skimp out on looking for the best auto shipping company.


august 11, 2022leave a comment on transparent guide to shipping your cars across the country 







 



the top 5 suvs to reach the u.s market 
cars mpdautoblog 


suvs came out around 1980, but it wasn’t until the 21st century that their popularity popped off. many people love them for their bulky design and ability to navigate off-road environments with ease. since suvs have higher ground clearance, they can fare better in driving over bumpy roads and other natural obstructions. so you’re planning to buy your first suv car. with hundreds of options out there, choosing one can be intimidating, especially when you can’t afford to waste your hard-earned money. but hey! this blog has got you covered. below are the top five suvs to ever hit the u.s.
but first, what’s the recent market situation?
one thing that’s pretty inconsistent in today’s world are trends. they come and go. before, people couldn’t live without phones with keypads that clickity click. nowadays, you can’t find them anymore. each person owns a touchscreen already.
the same goes for cars. sedans used to dominate the market because of their practicality and affordability. however, they’re not the biggest hit anymore. 2019 saw a rise in the popularity of suvs. according to this article by the new york times, suvs comprised 47.7% of u.s sales while sedans only captured 22.1%. this trend will continue for the following years.
top five suvs to get your hands on
alright. it’s time for the list you’ve been waiting for. keep in mind that the criteria for this include the number of sales which reflects popularity, the car’s design, and affordability. you’ll want something that ticks off most of the boxes you need without breaking your bank.
1. ford-f series
now close to a million unit sales, the f series is one of the best-selling trucks in the u.s and has been for almost 40 years straight. it’s the premier suv, with a classic ‘big boy’ design backed by durability that lasts for years to come. its safety ratings are top in its class. pair that with an aluminum body and having the best fuel economy on the road today, and you have a solid line of trucks. and with the addition of the option 7-kilowatt generator to the heavy-duty model, f-150, you’re less likely to encounter power failures on your adventures. plus, it boasts an impressive fuel economy at 25 mpg on the highway, making it an ideal choice for those looking to save money while maintaining dependability and utility.
2. ram pickup
of the top 5 suvs, this compact model may surprise you. the ram pickup 1500 trx maintains its rugged design from previous models while offering a luxury interior thanks to a complete redesign as of recent. if you’re looking for a truck that can be used for work and leisure time, this is the one for you.
3. chevrolet silverado
from the name alone, you can tell that the chevrolet silverado rocks elegance and authority. driving it will make you feel like you’re the king of the road. for those who tow on a daily, this truck packs it all — both power and practicality along with other quality of life features. and for those who frequently go off-roading, the silverado offers an improved approach angle of up to 26 degrees and a ground clearance of 10.9 inches. aside from the f-150, this pickup has been dominating its competition for the past few years, and that’s not going to change anytime soon.
4. honda cr-v
when it comes to price, the best value for your buck is the honda cr-v. with over 300,000 sales, honda has solidified the cr-v as a best seller and has proven to be a reliable choice for those who want an suv that can handle all terrains and haul enough gear or passengers to make it worth it. you can never go wrong with it!
5. toyota rav4
no suv list can ever be complete without the toyota rav4. while it isn’t the most elegant or luxurious option on this list, it certainly gets the job done and at a price point that is widely affordable to many families. plus, its dependability is well documented as a vehicle that can stand up to years of hard work.
the bottom line
suv cars have become a staple in american households. they are some of the most versatile vehicles on the market, easily able to handle both rugged terrain and hauling gear or passengers to make all types of trips well worth it. while not everyone can afford a cadillac escalade, there are plenty of other options out there that are just as dependable and reliable without breaking the bank.


april 19, 2022july 5, 2022leave a comment on the top 5 suvs to reach the u.s market 







searchsearch

recent posts
8 essential maintenance to make to sell your car faster at a sweet price
7 pro tips on how to maintain your car to keep it in best shape
transparent guide to shipping your cars across the country
the top 5 suvs to reach the u.s market





follow us








 





 





 





 







advertisement












											© 2025 mpd – auto blog | privacy/terms








   













































































































































































































