





  

















contemporary furniture from london to oslo by century modern







































 











































































save £150
subscribe for discounts




purchase protection
highest quality manufacture




free delivery*
craftsmanship guarantee









free uk shipping

century modern






search



0








shop all
sofas

mid-century show wood
the jet stream
the square arm
shop all ranges


armchairs

mid-century show wood
the jet stream
shop all ranges


the mid-century show wood

sofa, black leather
sofa, brown leather
armchair, black leather
armchair, brown leather
shop full range


the jet stream

sofa, grey wool
sofa, black
armchair, grey wool
armchair, black wool
shop full range


the square arm

sofa, brown leather
sofa, black leather
shop full range


 




























the mid-century show wood sofa
shop now




























the mid-century show wood sofa
shop now




























craftsmanship guarantee
shop now









 



combining the simplicity of scandinavian design with the timelessness of the british classic aesthetic.











 



 





craftsmanship guarantee
shop now













 



 





mid-century inspired
designed in the city of london
shop now













 



 





meet the makers
from london to oslo
find out more





 
































about us
meet the makers
journal
 

help and support
faqs
bespoke services
deliveries & returns
care and maintenance
need to know information
privacy policy
terms and conditions
purchase protection
contact
 

around our shop
checkout
basket
my account
shop
 


subscribe for a discount





* indicates required





i'd like to receive information and commercial offers from century modern. i agree to my personal data being stored in order to do so.

















 




+44 (0)20 7236 1091


knockknock@junior.london



8a west smithfield, 
									farringdon, 
									london, 
									ec1a 9jr



© 2025 century modern   |   site by junior









save £150
subscribe for discounts





* indicates required





i'd like to receive information and commercial offers from century modern. i agree to my personal data being stored in order to do so.

















 











i want more information on a product and some more pictures? 
email us specifically what you’re interested in at info@centurymodern.com 
can i get swatch samples of your fabrics? 
let us know which chair or sofa and the fabric you are interested in via email and we’ll send you some over. 
how do i use my coupon code?
when you’re ready to pay, go to your basket and add your code into “coupon code”. the code is not available on sale items.
what is your policy on returns?
view our delivery & returns page for everything you need to know. 
how can i contact your customer services team?
email us at info@centurymodern.com. 
when will you debit my order?
all orders are debited in full at the time of the order. 
can we view the chairs in person? 
email us at info@centurymodern.com for more information on viewing furniture. 
my country is not listed on your shipping list, will you still deliver? 
please contact us via email with your requirements and we’ll be happy to provide you with a quote. 
do you do bespoke orders?
send us an email at info@centurymodern.com for further information on bespoke orders. 
how can i make changes to my order? 
if you have placed your order and need to make an amend, email as soon as possible on info@centurymodern.com.
what if my order is damaged?
please email us at info@centurymodern.com as soon as possible with the details of your order and any relevant images. 
will my furniture fit? 
you can see the precise measurements by clicking on the product page. please measure all access points before purchasing. 
how can i pay?
we accept amex, visa credit, visa debit, mastercard, paypal, apple pay and google pay. 
where can i see my current and previous orders?
sign into your account on our website and go to “my orders”. 
where is my confirmation email?
as soon as your purchase has been accepted, you will shortly receive a confirmation email. if you cannot find it or didn’t receive one, email us at info@centurymodern.com with your address and the items you have purchased. 
how long does delivery take?
your estimated delivery date will be stated clearly on your confirmation email. 














a) other than all made to order items, including bespoke or customised collection items, the buyer is able to return goods within 14 days of delivery/collection provided the goods are properly packed and returned in the same unused condition supplied. damaged goods cannot be accepted.
b) returned items will be subject to restocking fees detailed in section 9.
c) mattresses that have been removed from the original packaging cannot be returned.
d) the seller will only pay the cost of return carriage where the goods are deemed faulty or supplied in error.
e) if the buyer returns the goods and upon examination, the seller finds that there is a discrepancy in the reason for return, then the seller reserves the right to refuse the credit.
f) the seller reserves the right of discretion, to accept/or refuse the return of any goods supplied.
g) refunds, exchanges or credit notes are not available for items sold on a promotional sale, special offer, bespoke items or items that are stated as “sold as seen”.
h) if a fault is discovered after the goods have been exported out of the uk by the buyer, it is the buyer’s responsibility to return the goods to the uk at the buyer’s cost for inspection. if a repair or replacement is produced by the seller, it will only be delivered to a uk destination. if the buyer then wishes for the goods to be exported, it will be the buyer’s responsibility to do this at the buyer’s cost and risk. for export orders, it is therefore recommended that inspection takes place in the uk prior to shipment.
a) the seller guarantees the wooden frames and springs of all furniture for 10 years residential use and 5 years contract use, from the date of delivery. the guarantee excludes normal wear and tear, any fillings, fabrics, legs and mechanisms. this guarantee is given in addition to and not in substitution of your statutory rights.
b) our foam and fillings, an interline where requested, pass the match test described in schedule 5 part 1 of the furniture and furnishings (fire) (safety) regulations, published in the uk in 1988.
c) the seller will only replace like for like, the buyer cannot change any of the sizes, fillings or fabric. upon a return, if a change is requested can be made at an extra cost, please request a quotation.


























this website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. to learn more please view our privacy policy.

accept




