
business design centre | exhibition venue | showrooms & office space                
x
search for:
bdc home


what’s onvisitorsgetting hereopening timesparkingaccessibilitysecurityloading baylocal area guideaccommodationfood and drinkorganisersorganise an eventvenue spacesevent typeskey contactscatering & hospitalityfloorplans & downloadsevent partnersresourcesfaqsvenue enquiryexhibitorsshowrooms & officesshowrooms & officesresidentstestimonialsshowrooms enquiryabout usabout usour historypeople and recruitmentawards and membershipsinsightssustainabilityb corpnet-zero before 2030certified carbon neutralethos & policycollaborationcharities & communitycontact ussearchproudly b corp certified



learn more

an unparalleled experiencelatest newsin october 2024, after almost forty years of family ownership, the business design centre group was acquired by excel london and now forms part of the wider adnec group. take a look at our insights section for more information on this. 


read more




 net-zero
before 2030focus on our environmental impact has long been an important part of our operations at the bdc.now we look to the future and are proud to have a plan that will see the venue reach net-zero before 2030.


find out more

the royal agricultural hall was originally built to house the growing smithfield club cattle show. 160 years later, the now business design centre, is still a place where business comes to grow. follow our journey and hear more from the people, events and companies that call the bdc home.


find out more



showrooms & officesfor 160 years, entrepreneurs have turned their dreams into reality at the bdc.whether it’s office space you’re looking for, or a showroom to display your creations, you’ll find it at the bdc.


view showrooms & offices

unparalleled
live eventsfrom large to small, the bdc has everything you need to create an experience everyone will remember and we have a busy and ranging calendar of events to enjoy.


see what's on





what's on
see all events


live 2025: retail week x the grocer11 feb 25find out more 



submarine networks emea 202518 feb 25find out more 



the garden press event 202518 feb 25find out more 



about
business design centre is an iconic venue in the heart of london, but as well as this, there is so much more to know. more



our history
the bdc, now almost 40 years old, has a rich history based in the former royal agricultural hall that was built over 160 years ago. more



sustainability
from working to support our people and our community to improving our impact on the world around us, sustainability is part of our day to day operations.
more
visitor informationhere’s all the information you need when planning a visit to the bdc.getting hereopening timesloading bayaccessibilityaccommodationsecurityparkingfood and drinklocal area guidetalk to us today about hosting your event.call +44 (0)207 288 6424 or enquire onlineexplorewhat’s onvisit usorganisersexhibitorsshowrooms & officesabout usnews & insightssustainabilitycontact usvisit usgetting hereopening timesparkingloading bayaccessibilityaccommodationfood and drinklocal area guideorganise an eventvenue spacesevent typesevent partnerskey contactscatering & hospitalityfloorplans & downloadsorganiser resourcesfaqscontact us0207 288 6475enquire onlinesubscribeinstagramfacebooktwitteryoutubelinkedincopyright ©
2025                                business design centre limited.
52 upper street, london n1 0qh. registered company number:
01593648sitemapprivacy policycookie policydata protection policy
      
                     

