














miles treaster associates | millerknoll certified dealer | commercial…
























javascript is not enabled!
this website requires your browser to have javascript enabled.
                check enable-javascript.com for instructions on how to enable javascript in your web browser.
            






skip to content


skip to footer









news




locations




contact












about us





services




portfolio





products





brands




news




locations




contact






toggle search







search input



search














about us











our story











our team











our values











careers




about us












our services




our services












projects






corporate




lionakis




inductive automation




raley’s corporate offices




california bank of commerce




grass valley - we love live








education




university of california, davis




fortune high school




university of the pacific -  center for pa education




san juan unified school district




walnut creek intermediate








government




california state teachers retirement system




smud headquarters




bureau of reclamation




county of sacramento, department of child, family and adult services




yuba county health and human services department








healthcare




uc davis health




dignity health




dignity health - lucchetti anderson cardiovascular center




winters healthcare








event centers




smf terminal b




tahoe event center




red hawk event center




golden 1 center




sacramento river cats






all projects












products





browse by category





seating




tables




desks and workspaces




accessories






storage




space division




healthcare







browse by brand





herman miller




geiger




naughtone






hay




knoll








all products














play








creating inspired spaces
as a millerknoll certified dealer providing full-service commercial interior design, mta elevates environments - inspiring people to be their best since 1958.

meet mta









offering the best in modern offices
discover the millerknoll brand collective plus 200 more of the best, modern design brands offered in mta's product library.

explore our brands


















introducing the bay work pod
a video booth tailor made for privacy, focus, and comfort, bay work pod is herman miller’s newest solution for hybrid work and open floor plans.

meet bay work pod










play










millerknoll anthem
see how the millerknoll collective of dynamic brands comes together to build a more sustainable, caring, equitable, and beautiful world.

millerknoll anthem








inspired spaces
explore our recent projects














california state teachers retirement system
mta creates a sustainable and flexible workspace that reflects calstrs’ values through nature themes and modern design.

view project















lionakis
the region's largest a&d firm creates the office of the future with custom herman miller workspace solutions from mta.

view project















university of the pacific - center for pa education
uop expanded their education facilities with the goal of helping students feel more “at home” on campus with lounge and study spaces from mta.

view project











need warranty service or repair?
our dedicated team is right here when you need them.

submit a service request








mk 2023 platinum award winner
meet mta
get to know our story, our team, and our values.














women-led, employee-owned
meet mta's women-led management and team of employee-owners and industry experts.

meet our team















in service of creating a better world
learn how we're committed to serving our community, celebrating diversity, and shaping a more sustainable future.

explore our values















best place to work
once again mta is proud to be named "best places to work" by the sacramento business journal- 2019, 2020, 2021, 2023 & 2024.

read more











grab a seat at our table
join our team
mta is always looking for talented professionals to join our team of employee-owners. we offer competitive salaries, comprehensive benefits, and an employee stock ownership plan (esop) after the first year of service.

apply today



















full-service with 100% satisfaction
mta's comprehensive services for commercial facilities are backed by a 100% client satisfaction rate.

explore our services












              “calstrs selected mta as their furniture vendor in 2018 to assist in the headquarters expansion project and it has been an incredible joy to work with them over the last few years. their thoughtfulness and attention to detail has really helped make this project a success. eric rennie, rachael bennett & jeana revilla took the time from the very beginning to understand our needs and desires for the new space and delivered on every aspect. when faced with the challenges of the 2020 pandemic, they were ahead of the game with space plan studies and solutions and calmly guided us through alternative workplace solutions and helped us plan for an unknown future at the time – all while keeping us within budget. this is a firm we selected in 2018 who turned into friends, now turned into part of the calstrs family. we can’t thank mta staff and installation crew enough for their hard work, professionalism, and the positive attitude they bring to the job site every day. thank you!”
          




california state teachers' retirement system

monica s. workman | facilities planning & development specialist








              “all my experiences with the mta team have been exceptionally positive and pleasant. this team is highly professional, dependable, and trustworthy, i enjoy and appreciate working with such a great group of people!”
          




cda rotunda partners, llc

john h. mckee | vice president, property management








              “raley’s culture is built on collaboration, which inspired us to transform our office into an open, contemporary space. we aimed to create a happy and productive environment for our team members. while the office maintains a cohesive look, we’ve tailored certain workspaces to meet unique functional needs. this thoughtful approach allows us to offer a vibrant workplace that fosters energy, creativity, and seamless collaboration.”
          

view the project






raley's

michael helzer | sr. director store design/construction/maintenance







next







x/x

previous








new + now
product launches from milllerknoll












mirra 2 chair
the mirra 2 chair for your office has dynamic surfaces that respond to your slightest movements. it balances immediate comfort and personalized ergonomics.

mirra 2 chair













rohde easy chair
see the rohde easy chair, designed by gilbert rohde, herman miller’s first design director and reintroduced for the first time in over 80 years.

rohde easy chair















cove collection by knoll
an expertly crafted, beautifully minimalist collection for the private office. designed by dan grabowski and crafted from honest materials—premium metal, back painted glass, and fine wood veneer—that brings the natural world inside.

explore the collection










let's connect
we look forward to hearing from you!












leave this field blank




first name*





last name*







email*





phone*







company name





role / title







message*











i consent to this website collecting and storing my data from this form.






send














sign up for our mailing list






sign up for our mailing list: 


















follow us































miles treaster associates


+1 (916) 373-1800




info@mtaoffice.com





                    1810 13th street, ste 100
                                        sacramento, ca 95811
                






contact us


sales + showroom




service + warranty




general inquiry




careers






about us
mta creates commercial spaces to work, learn, heal, and play. since 1958, we've connected clients across northern california and the u.s. with the best in modern design.









© 2025 mta


privacy policy




terms of use




cookies












close video

















