



 
















program on health workforce research and policy - sheps center


























































































 







sheps center

 make a gift 
contact us
intranet
accessibility
read our newsletter
careers
diversity at unc



search







 program on health workforce research and policy

about usbehavioral health workforce research centercarolina health workforce research centercurrent projectscompleted projectsexpert work groupsheps health workforce nchealth workforce data visualization toolsnewsletterpublications and resources






sheps center > programs > program on health workforce research and policy      
program on health workforce research and policy
the program on health workforce research and policy (phwrp) conducts studies to inform health workforce policy at national, state and regional levels.
the phwrp provides policymakers with data-driven evidence to inform decisions that affect health professionals, educators, employers, and the general public. examples of these decisions include the development of health workforce shortage designations, of new health professional schools and training programs, and of policies to encourage providers to practice in needed healthcare fields or underserved geographic areas. one branch of the phwrp specializes in collecting and analyzing data on north carolina health professionals to inform local, regional, and state decision-making. the phwrp is housed in a major research university with a large and complex academic health system, and serves additionally as a training ground to teach and mentor the next generation of health workforce researchers.

recent news


dr. lombardi and moore present to nciom legislative health policy fellows program
carolina researchers awarded $11m to strengthen physician and dental training programs in underserved areas
report on the north carolina advanced practice registered nurse workforce just released
sheps announces new hpds director: catherine moore, phd, msn, rn
team presents at national forum of state nursing workforce centers 2024 annual meeting




follow us on social media

@unc_phwrp
@workforcenc






  @workforceprogramatsheps






@uncworkforce









about the sheps center

the cecil g. sheps center for health services research seeks to improve the health of individuals, families, and populations by understanding the problems, issues and alternatives in the design and delivery of health care services.






cecil g. sheps center for health services research
the university of north carolina at chapel hill
cb# 7590
725 martin luther king jr. blvd.
chapel hill, nc 27599-7590
contact@schsr.unc.edu
p: 919-966-5011 
subscribe to our newsletter


follow @uncsheps

 

 



 




















































































loading comments...



 



													you must be logged in to post a comment.												
































































