







the love of a master

















































        
          
            the love of a master
          
        
      




















































              the book
            

              traveling
            

            who is
          



            living love
          

























































































































the booktravelingwho is





                
                  
                    the love of a master
                  
                
              




living love









scroll






 

the love of a master

 









support my work click below




    contribute now support my work
  



buy the books click below




    buy: the dreams of a master by rev. jesus garcia d.s.s.
  

 


    buy: the love of a master by rev. jesus garcia d.s.s.
  

 

the bookwhat does it take to become a true spiritual warrior in these challenging times? “the love of a master” is an intimate memoir that reveals the joys, challenges, and triumphs of a young hollywood actor who chose to devote 26 years to serving his remarkable teacher, mentor, and wayshower, john-roger, d.s.s., as a modern-day disciple.jesus garcia’s life-changing journey launched soon after meeting “j-r”—an ordinary human being who held an extraordinary consciousness known as the mystical traveler and preceptor for more than five decades until his passing in 2014 at age 80. as his initiate, personal assistant, bodyguard, and chauffeur, garcia drove j-r across town, followed him around the globe, and was guided to delve deep into his own soul through chanting the sacred tones of god.dr. john-roger’s wise, practical, and often humorous teachings have likewise touched thousands of people worldwide, through the los angeles-based church of the movement of spiritual inner awareness and dozens of books, including his best-selling life 101 series and spiritual warrior. but beyond the lessons, at heart, this touching and inspiring true story is about the unconditional love and friendship between garcia, his master john-roger, and those who shared their spiritual path.spanish, portuguese and chinese versions are available on amazon.com. endorsements“i have completed the reading of your book on the love of a master. every sentence in the book shows your intense devotion to your master. spiritual masters operate as ordinary human beings as well as superhuman beings at the same time. to attend on and take care of such a unique person is not easy and presents several challenges. suddenly he needs something like an ordinary person and suddenly he is master of all and needs nothing but is fulfilling the needs of others. jsu you did a great job in taking care of jr! i commend your seva! you have set an example for others to follow. i send you my love and great master's blessings.”– ishwar puri, is the initiate of his beloved satguru hazur baba sawan singh ji, the great master."if you're looking for an account that honestly portrays the relationship between a true master and one of his most devoted disciples, you have hit the jackpot. in this book you will find many examples, most of them quite unusual, occurring over a 26-year span of time, demonstrating the often arduous, but always loving, experiences of two souls, j-r and jsu, who have devoted themselves to the single purpose of the true upliftment of all.”– ron hulnick, president, university of santa monica, and co-author with mary r. hulnick of loyalty to your soul: the heart of spiritual psychology,”and “remembering the light within: a course in soul-centered living”"a delightfully honest and candid chronicle of a man's journey, navigating his outer and inner worlds while being intimately touched by a master spiritual form. a great read!"– david allen, author, “getting things done: the art of stress-free productivity”"we love this book. jesus takes us on a behind-the-scenes tour of john roger's life and teaching, weaving humour, anecdotes, honesty, personal transparency and devotional insights. it is much more than a book of words; it is an invitation into the frequency of love that john roger represents. thank you, jesus and thank you, j-r.”– hollie holden, artist, and robert holden, ph.d., author of “shift happens!,” “authentic success,” “loveability,” “holy shift!” and “life loves you,” co-written with louise hay“the ultimate validation of a teachers value and the quality of their teaching is the example of the teacher as well as the quality of his or her students. its said that you know a master teacher by how many masters result from the teachings. jesus garcia is one such example as a living master in his own right, as a dedicated, loyal and exemplary disciple and chronicler of the path and practices of a living spiritual master, john-roger. you, too, will be able to receive the benefits of the teachings of john-roger, simply by reading the pages of the love of a master by jesus garcia.”– terry cole-whittaker r.s.f. d.d. d.h.l. the authorrev. jesus garcia, dss, (“jsu”) spent 26 years working for and learning from his spiritual teacher andmystical traveler, john-roger, dss, founder of the los angeles-based church of the movement of spiritual inner awareness (msia). garcia was initiated into the sound current of god by john-roger and ordained as a minister into the order of the melchizedek priesthood by john morton, who currently holds the keys to the mystical traveler consciousness.jsu’s background juxtaposes a life at the feet of a spiritual master against the backdrop of hollywood. john-roger, or j-r as he is affectionately called, is a man who seems ordinary, and yet is extraordinary to all those he touched. he is also known as a mystical traveler; a sound current master; one who connects his students into the path of love, light and sound. 

  




 

“with soul transcendence, we are speaking of moving the consciousness into the soul, activating the soul so it can move more into pure spirit.”john-roger, dss  |  mystical traveler & preceptor

 







  

historyjesus garcia, d.s.s.: in 2017, jesus published a best-selling memoir of his life with j-r, the love of a master. he has a master’s degree in spiritual psychology with an emphasis in consciousness, health, and healing from university of santa monica. an ordained minister in msia, jesus also holds a doctorate in spiritual science from peace theological seminary & college of philosophy. together with john-roger, he co-produced three feature-length films: spiritual warriors, the wayshower and mystical traveler, and is a respected hollywood actor.jesus garcia, dce: en 2017, jesus publicó “el amor de un maestro”, un exitoso libro acerca de sus memorias y vida con j-r. es maestro en psicología espiritual con énfasis en conciencia, salud y sanación de la universidad de santa mónica, y ministro ordenado en el msia. jesús tiene un doctorado en ciencias espirituales del seminario teológico y escuela de filosofía paz y, junto con john-roger, co-produjo tres largometrajes: “guerreros espirituales”, “el guía espiritual” y “el viajero místico”, además de ser un respetado actor de hollywood.about john-roger, d.s.s.: j-r anchored the mystical traveler and preceptor consciousness on this planet for over half a century. he founded the church of the movement of spiritual inner awareness (msia) to share the teachings of soul transcendence, along with numerous other organizations. j-r authored dozens of books, including severalnew york timesbest-sellers. although he transitioned in 2014, his energy is still very much present and accessible today.acerca de john-roger, dce: j-r ancló la conciencia del viajero místico y preceptor en este planeta durante más de medio siglo. fundó la iglesia del movimiento del sendero interno del alma (msia) para compartir las enseñanzas de la trascendencia del alma, junto con muchas otras organizaciones. j-r fue autor de docenas de libros, incluidos varios de los más vendidos en la lista del new york times. aunque hizo su transición en 2014, su energía todavía está muy presente y accesible en la actualidad.  

 




 

“there are two ways to live: you can live as if nothing is a miracle; you can live as if everything is a miracle.” albert einstein | philosopher & scientist “perception is edited observation.”david hawkins | philosopher

 









about intro



our mission and goals



quote



our story



join








 









































































608 san vincete blvd apt 16
santa monica ,
usa
2139990999
utah7@mac.com


hours




spiritual counselorsatsangfaqterms of serviceprivacy policy




powered by squarespace









