


jesus8880: the sacred geometry mysteries of christianity












 

a gematria based commentary on the gospels
| gematria topics | table of contents | book announcement | 
the purpose of jesus8880 is to show   
              that the authors of the gospels extensively used  the  ancient greek  practices of sacred geometry, gematria, and isopsephia in composing their text. they said their  parables contained  "signs and  mysteries."  this can most easily be shown regarding the "miracle 
              stories" that involve numbers. 
              jesus8880 will soon show previews that will demonstrate that every single gospel story is a gematria 
              parable. each gospel verse is a drawing instruction. jesus 8880's commentary will show how the gospel text uses    clever puns and word play to describe the signs that are invisible to reader or the person hearing the story.  jesus 8880's literal translation of the greek text reveals all the ironic 
              wording that is expunged from the paraphrased translations found in 
            most english bibles. you will get to see how the signs for god the father, his son, and the holy spirit, form a trinity. you will see the signs of heaven, hell, and eternal life. you will see how jesus performed every single sign miracle. you will see how everything the gospel authors  wrote was 100% true. my book is finally finished!  sign up now to receive your notification.
jesus 
              said to the 12 apostles: "you have been given the mystery of the kingdom of god, but to those, the ones outside, everything 
                is given in parables ... so that seeing, they may see and not perceive, 
" (mark 4:11-12)
this passage comes 
              from mark's version of the parable of the sower. mark hinted there 
              was a hidden meaning (a mystery) to this and his other parables. for 
              over 1900 years now, we have all been "outsiders" to the 
              "mysteries" of christianity by only seeing a literal interpretation of every gospel story we read or hear.  with the publication 
of this book, everyone can know "the mysteries of the kingdom of god!" 
jesus also said: ... see what you hear! ... by what measure you measure, 
        it will be measured to you! (mark 4:24)
the word "see" 
              in the above verse is mistranslated in virtually every bible into 
              a colloquial warning such as "pay attention to what you hear." 
              the greek word blepete however, is a command to "see."  
              biblical scholars reasoned no one can see words you hear! 
              so instead of translating the word literally they translated it to 
              what they thought mark meant.  the fundamentalist agenda of  
              most biblical scholars and an ignorance of gematria and sacred geometry 
              don't allow them to see mark's play on words because there is 
              a way to literally see the words if you do what the verse says: 


1) measure (make a "sign") for every "key word" in a story, 
            2) use that "sign" wherever that word is used in the gospel, 
            3) measure (plot) those signs to a special graph (shown below),
            4) the stories become visible! (they are measured out to you!)


jesus8880 will give you a preview of my two volume e-book about early 
                christian sacred geometry and the opportunity to buy it. volume 
                1, titled jesus 8880 - the sacred geometry mysteries of christianity will will demonstrate that every major gospel story is a sacred geometry riddle with a beautiful sacred geometry solution that proclaims the "raised jesus"! the "mysteries" of christianity are revealed in its gospel stories! volume 2, titled revelation 2368  will show  a more advanced and sophisticated style of sacred geometry to reveal the number and name of "the beast" many times in every chapter! 
   the new testament contains 27 books consisting of 21 epistles, four gospels, a book of acts, and the book of revelation. all were 
 written in greek. of the 27 books, the four gospels claim to be 
 an eyewitness account of the actual words and acts of the living 
 jesus. the book of  revelation claims to be an eyewitness vision 
 of the actual words of the raised jesus. the common denominator 
 of the four gospels, the book of revelation, and many of the epistles 
 is the claim that they contain "mysteries." so, what does that mean? jesus8880 will demonstrate that these new 
 testament stories about the living and raised jesus were sacred 
 geometry riddles. these "mysteries" were all made possible 
 by the inherent properties of the greek alphabet and the "number magic" that flowed from it. 
 the greek alphabet has an "8-8-8 structure"
            the total letter value  
            of  jesus is also "888"

the 24 letters of the greek alphabet has an 8-8-8 structure. the first row of eight letters represent units, the second row of eight letters represent tens, the third row of eight letters represent hundreds. if you look inside any greek dictionary you will see this 8-8-8 letter-number table.  every literate greek person alive during the time of christ  knew it. it is interesting to note that the total of all twenty four letters 
          in the greek alphabet is "3999," a number alluded to in mk 8:9 "and there were approximately 4,000."  
the greek alphabet was invented almost one thousand years before the birth of jesus. at the time it was invented, every one of the 24 letters in the greek alphabet represented a number as well as a sound. since every name and word in the greek 
            language had a corresponding numerical value, words could be expressed 
            as numbers and numbers could be expressed as words.  this made 
            the greek alphabet a public cipher and immediately encouraged two numerical 
          practices  called isopsephia and gematria. isopsephia is the practice of converting words and names into numbers.  gematria is the practice of converting numbers into geometry. the number value of "jesus" is "888." the above circle has a circumference of 888 units, the same value as the 8-8-8 table structure inscribed inside it. can anyone honestly believe the authors of the gospels did not use this alphabetic cipher tool when they sat down to write? 
isopsephia 
            mysteries
isopsephia (iso meaning "equal" and psephos meaning pebble") is the greek word for the practice 
            of adding up the number values of the letters in a word to form a single 
            number. the early greeks used pebbles arranged in patterns to learn 
            arithmetic and geometry. a greek synonym for the word "pebbles" 
            is kalkuli and is the origin of the word "calculate." 
here is an example of an isopsephia riddle that can be 
            found in pseudo-callisthenes' biography of alexander the great. on the 
            occasion of his ordering the egyptian city of alexandria to be built, 
            a god appeared to alexander in a dream and gave him this oracle:

the 
              city of alexandria that you are building will be coveted by the world 
              and i shall be its protecting deity for all time to come. you shall 
              dwell there when you are dead and living for this city will be your 
              grave. i shall quickly prove to you where you were meant to be. take 
              two hundred and add one, then one hundred and add one, then four times 
              twenty, and ten, and take the first number and make it the last. now 
              learn for all time what god i am. 
the 
              life of alexander, circa 3rd century ad

alexander allegedly solved the riddle by writing down 
            the string of numbers given to him in the dream (200 + 1 + 100 + 1 + 
            80 + 10 + 200 = 592) and then switching each number for its corresponding 
            greek letter to spell out the name sarapis (sarapis). like so many ancient historiographies, the 
            story was a fabrication because the god sarapis didn't exist when alexander 
            was living. sarapis was created by order of ptolomy (alexander's successor) 
            so that the new god would share the attributes of two egyptian gods 
            (osiris and apis) and two greek gods (apollo and zeus) for the purpose 
            of uniting the religious beliefs of the greek ruling class with its 
            egyptian subjects. 
here is an example of an isopsephia riddle taken from the christian sybyllines which the early church claimed were written 
before the time of christianity and which were widely touted as prophesies 
of the new religion: 

when the virgin shall give birth to the word of god, the most high, she 
              shall give to the word a name, and from the east a star will shine 
              in the midst of day gleaming down from heaven above proclaiming to 
              mortal men a great sign. yes, then shall the son of the great god 
              come to men, clothed in flesh like mortals on earth. four vowels he 
              has ... and twofold the consonants in him ... and now i will declare 
              to you the whole number ... eight monads, and to these as many decads, 
              and eight hundreds his name will show. 

the 
            sybylline oracles, circa 150 ad
to solve the riddle, 
            the son of god has to have a name with four vowels which is transparent 
            in meaning. the word "twofold" however is a mini riddle because 
            many people think "twofold" refers back to the number 
            of vowels. if that is true, the mysterious name must have twelve letters 
            ...eight consonants and four vowels. it is interesting to note that 
            the average value of the twelve greek letters is the "whole number 
            74" (more on that later). the other possibility is that "twofold" refers to the number of consonants which means the name has six letters. 
            the final constraint is that the number of his name must be "888" 
            (8 + 80 + 800). the answer is that the word twofold actually refers 
            to the number of consonants because the greek name iēsous has 
            four vowels i, h, o, u and one consonant ... the letter s ... which 
            appears "twofold" times ... and all six greek letters now 
            add up to "888." amazingly, the whole number "74" 
            is the common factor of all the names and titles of jesus! see 
            table below.
          
gematria mysteries 
the word "gematria" is mistakenly equated with 
            the word "isopsephia" but gematria is actually a higher level 
            of isopsephia. the word "gematria" comes from the greek word geometria having the dual meaning "earth-measure" 
            and "geometry." gematria 
              is sacred geometry. the definition of  gematria goes way 
              beyond adding up the numerical values of the letters in a word or pointing 
              out that the-number of one word, phrase or verse is the same as or 2, 
              3, 4, 6, or 10 times more than the-number of another word or name. gematria 
              is the union of the number value of greek words with the dimensions 
              of geometric objects such as the perimeters of circles and squares or 
              the lengths of symmetrical groups of lines that converge on circles 
              and squares. the power and mystery of gematria is only unleashed when 
              it is used in conjunction with geometry, graphs, and/or diagrams.
          jesus, 
            a circle of life

here 
            is an example of a wonderful gematria riddle that ends the gospel of 
            john:
          
these things are 
              written that you may believe that jesus is the messiah, the son of god, and that through this belief you may have life in his name 

(the gospel of 
            john 20:31, circa 90-125 ad).
this verse implies 
            that if you believe in jesus he will give you "eternal life." 
            although the word "eternal" was never written, that was a 
            fine point that is supposed to be understood by the believer. the verse 
            has a very literal interpretation if one knows that gematria deals with 
            isopsephia and geometry. the solution is to represent jesus as a circle 
            with the same circumference as the number value of his name. the early 
            christian sacred geometers may have called a circle with a circumference of 888 
            units "the living jesus" because the diameter of his circle 
            is 282 units, which is the gematria value of the greek word bios, meaning 
              "earthly life." conversely, the raised jesus has a value of 
              8880 units and an inscribed "star of david" in that circle has sides of 
              815 units which is the gematria value of the greek word zoe, 
              also meaning "life." the above diagram also explains why jesus 
              came from the "house of david." 
          the 
            mystery of the "raised jesus"  
            (888 x 10) = 8880
this may seem incredible: 
            nobody in modern times before the publication of this book has ever 
            recognized that the gematria value of key words such as "fishes," 
            "loaves," "the net," the "sun," and the 
            names  "jesus," "john the baptist," "simon 
            peter," the collective names of his twelve apostles are all linked 
            to each other through very simple geometric ratios based on "the 
            number" of the name "jesus" raised by a power of ten 
            to the number "8880." matthew, mark, and john used this geometric 
            relationship extensively in their gospels! all 
              the "mysteries" of christianity are based on the metaphor 
              of the raised jesus (8880). some 
                striking examples are shown in the table below (browse the site to see 
                the greek spellings and more examples of gematria). 
          


name 
                  or title
gematria 
                  value
common 
                  factor 74
product


jesus
  888
74 x 12
888 x 10 
                  = 8880


christ
1480
74 x 20
1480 x 6 
                  = 8880


john the 
                  baptist
2220
74 x 30
2220 x 4 
                  = 8880


son of man
2960
74 x 40
2960 x 3 
                  = 8880


the raised 
                  jesus
8880
74 x 120
8880 x 1 
                  = 8880


since the 
              greek practices of isopsephia and gematria were a well known fact 
              before the first gospel was written, why does it seem incredible to 
              think that the authors of the gospels did not use this pre-existing 
              knowledge in their writings in order to glorify jesus christ? the 
              mystery religions of ancient greece used isopsephia and sacred geometry 
              (gematria) long before christianity arrived on the scene. the 
              most important message of christianity is that jesus rose from the 
              dead and the authors of the 
                gospels made a geometric metaphor out of that claim by "raising" 
                his living value (888) by a factor of 10 and then making a circle 
                with a circumference of 8880 units to depict the "raised jesus." 
                enclosing the "raised jesus" inside a square creates a graph 
                which is a metaphor for "the kingdom of god." circles representing 
                the gematria values of the "living" jesus, his apostles, 
                and other characters can then be graphically depicted inside the "kingdom" 
                or "jesus graph." 
          
          
every single verse  in the gospels and book of revelation uses this graph. this graph  will demonstrate how 
              the gospel authors of mark, matthew, luke, and john  incorporated gematria and sacred geometry 
              riddles in their stories to  proclaim the raised jesus. the  author of  revelation used this same "raised 
              jesus graph" as the gospels but employed a style of gematria that 
              was far more advanced and sophisticated to reveal "jesus christ." 
          
          | other 
          sites  | 
           recommended books |  reciprocal links |
e-mail





all 8880 diagrams/illustrations, 
    commentary, and greek to english translations are
    copyright © 1998-2020 daniel gleason, all rights reserved 



