




















the animal guys - wildlife removal in chattanooga tn

























 


 






  


 





call today!
423-406-8727




full service animal control
contact us for a free inspection, insurance may cover it!


















home





about us





animal removal





locations





dead animal removal





employment





contact us




 
































































previous



next








                schedule your free inspection today!
            
insurance may cover it







schedule your free inspection today!

×






name *




email *




phone



tell us your animal removal issue




















wildlife removal services in tennessee and georgia
as seen on the






















animal removals
free qualified removal for raccoons, opossums, skunks, bats in the attic or crawl







                        raccoons                        











                        opossums                        











                        bats                        











                        rats/mice                        











                        skunks                        











                        squirrels                        







don’t see the animal you are looking for?

                click animal removal to see more
            


















 

 why humane animal removal? 







we bring all orphaned babies to animal rehabilitators
in collaboration with local rehabilitators, we nurture abandoned animals until they are ready for release back into their natural habitats. in unfortunate cases where a mother racoon or opossum passes away, found in attics or under homes, we remove the deceased animal and then promptly transfer the orphaned babies to a trusted local superhero.







we care about the animals
animals are deeply beloved by us, and their well-being is our topmost priority.
we are aware that the animals have inhabited this area since before we hoisted buildings there. the fact that the animal thinks our house would be a secure place to reside is not their fault. all local wildlife will be captured alive and relocated.







relocation of animals & ethical trapping
wildlife control and animal removal experts from the animal guys humanely traps and/or removes skunks, raccoons, opossums, rats, birds, mice, snakes, lizards, armadillos, moles, bats, squirrels, chipmunks, gophers, beavers, flying squirrels, muskrats, foxes, coyotes, snapping turtles, nutria and any other nuisance wildlife.







testimonial
let our customers be the judge!



very professional. excellent work.

 

very professional. excellent work. will be recommending to family and friends....

 - eric barajas - local guide 60 reviews 
                        10/13/2021                    




finally someone who actually took care of my squirrel problem!
finally someone who actually took care of my squirrel problem! i've had countless handy men and "professionals" come out to fix my problem, but they always come right back! you get what you pay for i gu...

 - nate cloud 
                        06/19/2018                    




i highly recommend these guys
i highly recommend these guys, especially duane who is a pro. i had a stubborn groundhog burrowing under the foundation of my garage. i tried to trap it but with no success. turns out they are difficult...

 - mac cessna 
                        07/10/2021                    





 


the animal guys












chattanooga location

633 chestnut st. suite 600, chattanooga, tn 37450


423-406-8727










										copyright © 2025 the animal guys					

home
						•
						sitemap


						 powered by:
						 
						 devdigital: nashville web development
						 












					423-406-8727				







 

