




blue canyon productions, website for highly-rated music, information
and humor





 
welcome to bluecanyonproductions.com, the website for 
              various offerings 
of jim terr / blue canyon productions 
              of new mexico, usa. 
  
our founder (2024)


 notice
a few of my domain names that should forward to their proper websitesare not doing so lately, so for now please click below to get to 
  those websites. i'm sorry for the inconvenience!
sherlockinvegas.com 
  (sherlock in vegas)

nmfp-llc.com (new mexico film 
  projects)

"the vultures of 
  vegas"


  contact

   
a little horn-tooting, if you don't mind:
over  2.5 million views on our main 
  

youtube channel!
advertising jingles, 
  contracted  and other music work: 
  thesongwriter.us
audio book: "wildest of the wild west":
  hookintohistory.com

  _________________________________

  makenmgreatagain.com

  retributionwatch.com

  cowboybagelco.com


click here for 
  the "trump experts 
  speak out" project
updated (2024) version of the 2000 holocaust survivors 
  project is
  
  here
 

information on the santa fe spy tour is 
here

new mexico film projects
 

  the brill building movie 
a little horn-tooting, if you don't mind:
  over 2.5 million views on our main 
  youtube channel!
advertising jingles, 
  contracted  and other music work: 
  thesongwriter.us
 


  "24-track chronicles" book  

website here 

  "beautiful little vegas" photo book 
  website here

reduce the stress with a little 
  comedy

  bumper sticker size 10" x 3". price includes free shipping  in  usa. 
  order below. idea from karin franklin.
  














                                         
	shipping included:                                                                                                   
	
two stickers, shipped in us $5.00 usd
five stickers, shipped in us $10.00 usd
11 stickers, shipped in us $20.00 usd
 













 from
			  
			  www.patreon.com/jimterr

"jim terr occupies a unique place 
			  in citizen activism. in both his brilliant satire work, and his 
			  more serious essays and outreach, he has a peculiar gift for 
			  focusing on the people who need to be reached and who might be 
			  reached, instead of just “preaching to the converted.”         
			    his is a unique and valuable gift of populism and simplicity, 
			  perhaps a result of his small-town upbringing. his work is wise, 
			  hard-hitting, unusually effective, and deserves the support of 
			  everyone who wishes for a more humane world. especially in these 
			  particularly divisive times, jim has a gift for bridging the 
			  “divide.”                   
			    -- thom 
			  hartmann , radio 
			  host and author



			  jim terr's spirit shows through consistently in the essays, songs, 
			  and other projects he creates. it's the droll, sardonic, 'cut the 
			  b.s.' outlook that is known around the world as 'american.' his 
			  tone is especially valuable in an election year."                   
			    -james 
			  fallows, national 
			  correspondent, atlantic monthly



"in his letters and articles, jim 
			  terr makes too much sense. in any other country he would have long 
			  since been locked up."                   
			   -jonathan 
			  alter,  journalist 
			  / author / producer



			  i’ve known jim for years, ever since he had me on his radio show 
			  in the charming little town of las vegas, nm. he’s a talented, 
			  caring guy with a great sense of humor and a good eye on what’s 
			  going on. we love publishing his selections of great articles in 
			  our “editor’s picks” feature.


			  -russ baker, editor in chief, whowhatwhy, 
			  author and investigative journalist



			  "the mccune foundation has funded jim terr in seeral remarkably 
			  successful and useful educational video projects over the years, 
			  which have gained considerable national notice despite their low 
			  budgets" -owen 
			  m. lopez, executive director.



i’m totally proud and honored to 
			  support jim terr.  his take on, expression of, and support for 
			  many good things is what our world needs today.  we’ve got plenty 
			  of cogs in wheels but not much  creative genius directed towards 
			  our society and its foibles.  yay jim! -dr. 
			  joseph whiteman, patreon supporter



i consider it my civic duty, so am 
			  happy of course remain one of your patrons. you are fighting the 
			  good fight. and in the case of the money i send your way, i feel 
			  like i am helping you to fight it. -robert 
			  dorf, patreon supporter





 
info on 
  projects mentioned in recent article:(may not all be 
  current 4-7-24)

story of kfun's role in world war two
"wildest of the wild west" audio 
  book
"locally 
  owned" and trez gregory concert
 "the 
  home of  katie archer" radio drama and screenplay
"teddy 
  roosevelt slept here" stage musical (not mentioned)

  for information related to this book, click on image:




 

again, note - this site (info below) 
  is years old, not even good for cruising...
________________________________

info on the four media / documentary projects pending completion funding:
(three of these four are foundation-funded to current point) 

1. "jingling all the way " documentary 


 
2. feature film near completion: "a chicken in every garage"

 
3. local radio news: the "how" and "why" of local radio news reporting.

note on this listing: grantmakers in film+electronic media (gfem) has recently changed
    its name to 
media impact funders. http://mediaimpactfunders.org 
 
4. the home of katie archer - historical/contemporary radio drama

note on this listing: grantmakers in film+electronic media (gfem) has recently changed
its name to 
  media impact funders. http://mediaimpactfunders.org 

info / reviews on previous documentaries (and see letter below) 

questions? please email 

https://www.gofundme.com/donnietrunkcd
 
  





 
 
 
* * * * * * * 
 
 
* * * * * * * 
 
 


or go directly 
      to bluecanyonsatire for political satire.
click for info and ordering cds and dvds 


there is a "blue canyon productions" on bronson ave.
        in los angeles, but this ain't it. i don't know their website..
      



other related activites & areas:





buddy 

jingles 
        / videos 

new 
        cd 

live!! 
        performance 



(updated 
    december '06)
 blue 
    canyon productions 

 small 
    company's products gain national attention and acclaim.
    music, books, videos and graphics to inform, amuse and inspire.
lots of 
    stuff on youtube 
    lately! 
 




see 
          the infamous "santa fe stops" video -- and other glimpses 
          of the
          most strangely beautiful city in the usa, at
www.santafeshorts.com

  





"santa fe's —and 
  therefore the world's—strangest web site. 
  fascinating sound clips and soul-nourishing content." 
- bill hutchison, anthologist's 
  cabinet 










this website is supported by sales of the 
                critically-acclaimed, life-saving, life-enriching educational 
                dvd,
"five frightfully fine videos." 
please check it out. 



 




    you         will die!  this friend's beautiful
       book will tell you all about it. 









"the passion
                       of buddy" 
          jolts hollywood & usa! 
          (see video) 


 

now on cd!!!
(click here)  
 

 "five             frightfully fine
videos" dvd 
 
 


 

save                   your child
          from a life of misery!

(linda blair 
makeup         test for "the exorcist" )  


 


 









 
newly-streamed videos produced by jim 
            terr / blue canyon productions

"the wrong 
            guy"
(12 minutes; rated pg)

  
first runner-up, best 
            actress (mary evans), best 
            editor 
2001 flicks on 66
film festival, albuquerque

dsl/cable
            (windows media) 


"jim 
            terr, man of music, media and movies, manages to achieve, in the 
            wrong guy," the essential element of successful feature film-making: 
            he is always at least one step ahead of his audience."
                     -gerald fried, 
            oscar-nominated, emmy-winning film composer 
                                  
                             (stanley 
            kubrick, "roots", etc.) 








  



 
                  4-minute feature film trailer parody 
"the passion 
                  of buddy" 
 featured in 2004 santa fe film festival

                  windows media: 56k  dsl/cable   
real video:  56k  dsl/cable 

 



jim terr documentaries at www.bluecanyonvideo.com


 









all
 kinds of wild  stuff on satire page






 


 




 











sound and video! buddy 
gets              "nekkid" for a better world. 
              see buddy's 
old fashioned web              site.
 

 






relax for a moment, on us . 
.      .
gaze into a beautiful picture and 
     listen 
      to beautiful music . . .      (click here) 

 
 

    
    
*** star in your own movie! ***
       
       






visit      
            our humor page: "santa                    fe stops" video tells you 
all you need to know                    about the decline of  western civilization 
-- or at least                    about santa fe, nm -- and 
   "a simple  way to count votes in florida" tells you all you need to know 
about, 
   well, that subject. rube goldberg lives! 








   "the $2.98 video  collection"

  "hilarious shorts. '$2.98' is so funny, you'll  have to replace your ass 
after laughing it off." -santa  fe reporter  








strange               - strange - strange    
                jim            terr sneak-previews stephen soderbergh's 
latest film, featuring            an unbelievable  all-star cast: susan 
sarandon, russell crowe,            julia roberts, annette bening,  martin 
sheen, leelee sobieski and 
   haley joel osment (click  here) 



 




may  we recommend that you visit "buddy's old fashioned web  site"™ 
        (www.yourfriendbuddy.com)  



   * no digital information - 
moving parts only. 
  * all sound & video storage  on reliable 
  vhs and 8-track tapes. 
  * no plastic. 
  * made in u.s.a.  
  * solar powered (methane backup). 
  * uses recycled electrons.  
 







hear  buddy sing "susan's  cranberry 
sauce," a tribute to national public  radio's susan 
stamberg!





 





 "son 
             of a rabbi man" now available in
mp3 broadcast version!

new!
  models              speak out! see our 
new humor page! 
new!              our              first cd wins kudos worldwide!
 
news              flash!  nbc-tv              "dateline" story 
on sleep paralysis (8-16-00) rekindles              interest in our 
authoritative video on the subject. click              here. 
 







editor's 
 note:     in reviewing our websites, perhaps the most enduringly 
powerful thing we have  to offer are the interview excerpts with tony hillerman 
and dr. sabine ulibarri  from our world war two veterans 
       '  video. also, our holocaust survivors 
video was recently featured and honored  at the portland (or) longbaugh ii 
film festival! 










to 
          go directly to jimterr.com
click
about blue canyon productions: 
          a vehicle for various entertainment 
          and media projects produced by jim terr. terr is a new mexico native 
          who is an occasional commentator in local and national media, a singer-songwriter, 
          video producer and author.
"in 
          his letters and articles, jim terr makes too much sense. in any other 
          country he would have long since been locked up." 
                - jonathan 
          alter, 
                     senior 
          editor, newsweek
"jim 
          terr's spirit shows through consistently in the essays, songs and other 
          projects he creates. it's the droll, sardonic, 'cut the b.s.' outlook 
          that is known around the world as 'american.' his tone is especially 
          valuable in an election year."
                 - 
          james fallows
hear jim terr 
          interview with arianna huffington: full 
          interview re her book, "on 
          becoming fearless" ( 6 min., mp3)
 

(photo by judy lipsett)

 





 jim terr: 
                  "a gentle agitator...who's come up with a way to lower the country's 
                  political temperature."   
                  -paul greenberg, 
                  syndicated columnist
 



(these 
          quotes do not indicate support 
          of any or all jim terr projects 
          or pronouncements) 






information
on the new cd,
"please cut my song, mr. travis" 
                by jim terr and friends 
 





 see 
              photos of washington dc 
              mentioned in 
              october 2006 essay

"jim 
              terr’s creativity and versatility are unmatched. well, almost 
              unmatched."
                       - hodding 
              carter


              "absolutely brilliant website. this guy does some of the best satire 
              in the business. one of the great comedic and auditory geniuses 
              of our day." 
                   - thom 
              hartmann 




 







a few old jim terr commentaries.







 
            my  faith 
by jim  terr 

(published  in "prime time" seniors newspaper, march, 2000)

to  me, faith 
            in god, belief in a higher power or intelligence, is not a matter of  faith 
            at all. 
rather,  it’s 
            a matter of logic. it’s so obvious that virtually every aspect of the natural 
            world (and i’m including in that the “spiritual” world) is so much more complex,
            so much more intricately designed than we will ever understand, that it
            seems  obvious that humans and human consciousness are just a speck in a
            much vaster  system.
even if  you 
            consider “evolution” to be the explanation for some of life’s intricacies, 
            the natural processes utilized by evolution are so complex and wondrous as
            to  similarly escape anything near full human comprehension. 
(continued  on opinion page)











"a  day without an update or 
recommendation from jim terr is like a day without sunshine,  a night without 
stars, a party without guests, a pond without frogs, a dog without  fleas, 
a deer without ticks." 
-gershon siegel, publisher, sun 
          monthly (santa fe) 








** songs               
   from the cd, "please cut my song, mister travis" 
        (above)
1. please
cut my song, mr. travis 
          2. this changes everything (singer: kathy chiavola)
3. some 
guy in kansas city 
4. bringin' 
the honky-tonk home 
5.  i
               just wanna know what it would be like to kiss you 
(talia         willis)
6. excuse 
me while i have the blues (don armstrong)
7. three-teared 
wedding cake (margaret burke)
8. they
never met anybody like you and me (with         busy
mccarroll)
9. all 
it takes (lilia) 
10.
you ain't got much 
11.
i love a man (victoria armstrong)
12.
tonsils in taiwan  
13.
holding you would hold me 
14.
do they have e-mail in heaven? 
15.
dancing to the radio (with mary evans)
16.
she taught me how to sing these songs (jim with         rock watson)        
17.
rustle up some love (gwen lenore and buddy)

 




 

products    public 
 service  opinion   
humor    satire  songs 
  other services    links    contact
 us


 






 
public service  message for “free lance creatives”

when submitting a public service message idea to the new mexico department of  transportation, please follow these simple guidelines: don’t do it!!!

               take it from me, a guy with a fairly good public record of creative work  (including the very long-running “toss no mas” jingle.  i submitted an idea which arguably, years  later, resulted in the popular nmdot “don’t text” video,  “dntxt:  deadly conversation”.  (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwta1bxylgw )  
when  i made the department aware of my earlier submission, and gently suggested they  pay me what i had requested as a creative fee in the first place, they politely  declined, based on technicalities**, while not actually denying that my idea  may have likely resulted in the current campaign. 

         this is the highly principled, morality-in-government, “do the right thing” martinez  administration, by the way. so, until further notice, and until they decide to  do the right thing, my suggested guideline for   submitting ideas remains: don’t do it!

                 - jim terr 2014  / email bluecanyon2 – at – juno – dot – com 
**  and asking me – legal expert that i am not – if i can let them know of any  statutes contradicting the technicality they cited!! 
 





