



waider dot i e















waiderdot i emastodon(old mastodon)
livejournalpixworkshoptextlyrics












snapping

















web



here














being the
             geekly diary of waider
(may
            contain traces of drinking, movies, and sport)




february 14
george gently continues to be excellent. he really is morse with
    a sense of humour. (morse had a sense of humour, but no-one was
    intelligent enough to find it funny.)
february 13
a brief fight with an online transcription service: a timeout
    while listing source contents, the source bucket is not in the
    right region, the source is too large, i gave up.
february 12
slightly at a loss as to how the bank who phoned me in san
    francisco in the early morning (timezones, eh?) a mere 24 years
    ago are claiming they don't have a number on record for me and i
    must therefore engage with their customer service (and,
    implicitly, an incomprehensible phone tree with horrifically
    distorted hold music).

    i just ran brew install php. i feel dirty twice
    over.

    after about an hour of tinkering i have (a) achieved my goal and
    (b) become freshly annoyed with php.
february 11
i've given up for now on making sense of the java-based protocol
    code i was looking at, not least because i'm not really trying
    hard to follow it and instead looking for a quick hack. the
    problem is that trying anything out with it is a fairly
    heavyweight process, so even if a quick hack exists, implementing
    and testing it is likely to be a royal pain. so, back to good
    friend ozwcp to reset the broken nodes and hopefully get the
    network back on track.
february 10
in which i find myself tinkering with php for reasons. oh boy.

    thanks to some assistance obtained on mastodon i put in a simple
    filter on my mail server to refuse email from unauthenticated
    connections claiming to be my domain. surprisingly it's actually
    picked up almost 20 hits in its first week in action, each of
    which would've been spam for me to deal with one way or
    another. so that's nice.
february 09
foundation is holding our interest nicely so far.

    dealing with a website hosting company's "easy" site editor. at
    some point i rolled back changes by restoring a backup and it
    regenerated all the html element ids ... which i'd been using in
    javascript to reference said elements. lovely.
february 08
daleks' invasion earth 2150 a.d.
    is another brutal experience of how bad 60s sci-fi could get. the
    effects are ... non-existent, the acting has more ham than a pig
    farm, and the musical score actually made me laugh at one point
    where they went into a weird percussion-heavy lounge-music number
    of a big fight sequence. groovy! for some mysterious
    reason this fared poorly at the box-office.

    parkrun, sanctuary runners: there was cake. also coffee, tea,
    water, biscuits, fun-size snacks, cupcakes, balloons... and lots
    of fun!
february 07
i tracked down one of the messages in the zwave logs relating to
    a device with a node id that isn't on my network, and it turns out
    to be a bitflip error. a checksummed bitflip error, at
    that.
february 06
sancutary
    runners: 7 years old today. happy birthday! there's probably
    a group near
    you: come find us this saturday at parkrun or wherever and
    help us celebrate! there may be cake...

    foundation: i did not see that episode ending coming. i do not
    know where this is going, but i'm intrigued.
february 05
new tv bubblegum: foundation.
    i did not realise this was at least partly filmed in ireland.





the diary proper / rss feed

sanctuary runners - good people doing something good.







