








seacliff motel






































seacliff motel

search


primary menu
skip to content
home
accommodations
seacliff center
reservations
things to see and do
directions
 





search for:



 







home

seacliff hugs the rugged mendocino coast, three scenic hours north of san francisco.

it is in the town of gualala by the gualala river.
the little town is just across the river from the world-renowned sea ranch. the gualala river runs along the base of a bluff and on to the sea. during the winter rains, the mouth of the river opens, and the steelhead trout return home to spawn.

 
at seacliff you will awaken to the sounds and smell of the ocean, with unparalleled views of the beach and surf. you can choose the peaceful pursuits of watching passing ships, fishing boats, and migrating whales.the california grey whales come to the sandbar to shed their barnacles, a once-in-a-lifetime viewing experience. california pelicans make kamikaze dives for their dinners. dozens of sea lions doze in the sunrise.
comments from our guests:“mother nature used both hands in gualala. extraordinary panoramic views of both the river and pacific. our room provided us with the opportunity to see the aquatic life that call this place home. surfing sea lions, gulls and harbor seals all enjoy (as did we) this little slice of paradise. courteous staff, friendly locals, excellent dining and four-star accommodations make seacliff on the bluff a must-stay!”






room photos




				upstairs rooms have vaulted ceilings with exposed beams
				




				all rooms have a microwave, fridge, and coffee
				




				most rooms feature spa tubs
				




				downstairs rooms also feature exposed beam ceilings
				




				each room has a private deck and indoor seating
				




				outdoor seating on private deck
				




				view looking nw from private deck
				




				view looking sw from private deck
				

please note: seacliff has a 72-hour
cancellation policy.
mendocino bed tax applies,
and rates are subject to
change without notice.
seacliff is a non-smoking property.
check-in time is 3 pm,
check-out is 11 am.
seacliff is a pet-free facility.
rooms have one king-size bed or two full-size beds. maximum occupancy is two adults.

some activities at seacliff you may decide to simply recharge your inner spirit…or try some of these:
private horseback riding.
kayaking or canoeing
hiking or biking
fine dining
visit the gualala arts center
wine tasting at annapolis winery
picnics by the sea
see more…





home
accommodations
seacliff center
reservations
things to see and do
directions
 

 39140 south hwy 1
gualala, ca 95445
1-800-400-5053
1-707-884-1213
email us



search for:



 





 39140 south hwy 1
po box 1317
gualala, california 95445
local: 707-884-1213
toll free: 800-400-5053
fax: 707-884-1731
email: seacliff.gualala@gmail.com
© copyright 2014 by seacliff on the bluff
all rights reserved

 












