























home page | skillsworkshop









      skip to main content
    







user account menu



show — user account menu
hide — user account menu


log in












skillsworkshop

free functional skills and skills for life resources



site search















main navigation



show — main navigation
hide — main navigation


home


english


maths


pre-entry


esol


ict


general


contextual






















home page











welcome…
to skillsworkshop, the home of free adult literacy, numeracy and functional skills resources since 2001.
the site was redeveloped in 2011 and had a major upgrade in september 2018 to reflect the reformed functional skills that took effect the following year. new items are added regularly and there are now more than 2300 free functional skills and skills for life resources.
the about pages describe the history of the site, the benefits of registration, and explain how you can contribute.
using this site
new our tag clouds are back if you want to browse our most popular topics and categories.
the site has a powerful faceted search function: try typing something into the “search” box at the top right of every page and then filter by author and type (resource or external link).
to look for specific curriculum topics in a given subject area use the tabs at the top of every page, such as the blue maths tab. then use the maths search box  (left hand side) and/or filter the resource list by level, maths topic and/or resource type.
you can see our 540+ resource contributors and follow the links to their information pages to see lists of all the resources they’ve contributed.
latest resources & links is a chronological list (2023-2001) of all our items.  the news page has all the latest site information and recent changes has details of updated site content. 














site menu



show — site menu
hide — site menu


resources


by subject


adult literacy, functional english


adult numeracy, functional maths


pre-entry resources


esol resources


ict resources


general resources


contextual resources




latest resources & links


useful links


resource index




news


*answer sheets*


tag clouds


recent changes


about


faq / help


registering


contributing resources


contributors


site supporters


history of skills workshop


testimonials




contact








if you have found this website and its resources useful, please consider making a donation to help fund hosting and ongoing development.





 












latest news





shrove tuesday (pancake day) 2025


15 february 2025
this year pancake day is on tuesday march 4. follow this tag to find pancake day functional skills maths and english resources plus ict and esol. (14 resources covering all levels from e1 to l2). 
 

 read more





st dwynwen's day resources for jan 25th


9 january 2025
st dwynwen's day is celebrated every year on january 25 and is often referred to as the "welsh st valentine's day".
 read more





new year resources 2025


1 january 2025
happy 2025 to all our users and contributors!follow our new year tag to find 21 different maths and english resources. new year resources can cover any or all of the following topics. 
 read more





christmas and other seasonal resources 2024


7 december 2024
follow these tags to find seasonal resources: christmas (61 resources), winter (7),  new year (14). 
 read more





armistice day and remembrance sunday 2024


10 november 2024
follow this tag to find twelve remembrance day  (sunday nov 10) and armistice day (monday nov 11) resources covering maths, english and ict at all levels. 

 read more




more news...

















© copyright skills workshop. site development, hosting and maintenance by fonant.







footer menu



show — footer menu
hide — footer menu


facebook


twitter


contact















