



	home page | village of franklin park





skip to main content














home
departments

buildingclerk's officecommunity developmentengineeringfinancefirehealthmayor's officepolicepublic workszoning


contact us
quicklinks

staff directory














about the village


contact us


history


jobs in the village


newsletters


press room


village hall




government


agendas and minutes


boards and commissions


clerk's office


foia requests


garage sales


passport services


voter information




elected officials


notices, bids and rfps


mayor's office


letters to editors


press releases


sustainability in franklin park


village awards




village code


village of franklin park social media policy




departments


building 


commercial & industrial


contractors


fee structure


inspections


multi-family & rental properties


permit process


pre-sale inspections


residential




clerks


foia requests


garage sales


passport services


voter information




community development and zoning


economic development incentives


workforce training


zoning




engineering


construction projects


cook county interactive maps


drainage & sewer cost share programs


floodplain information


sewer system


stormwater quality




finance 


compensation 


financial documents


pet licensing


public services billing


vehicle licensing




fire 


 disaster preparedness


emergency medical services (ems)


fire investigation unit


fire prevention bureau


history


public education


public safety notifications


residential smoke detector program


special teams


training




health 


ada grievances


animal control


environmental health


e-recycling


refuse & recycling


senior services




police 


criminal investigations division


patrol division


homeland security


pay citation / view or motorist report purchase


police media release


public safety notifications


redspeed illinois


safe haven


school resource officers




public works


bee committee


debris & other collection


electrical aggregation program


e-recycling


julie utility notification


refuse & recycling


sustainability initiatives/


tree conservation


water smart - water ambassador






i'm a resident


garage sales


get connected


mass transit


public safety notifications for residents


recycling


resident assistance


cooling and heating centers


dial-a-ride service


drainage & sewer cost share program


grass cutting & snow removal


low income home energy assistance (liheap)




resident information


cook county property tax portal


debris & other collection


electrical aggregation program


floodplain


pet licensing


refuse & recycling


residential building permits


vehicle licensing




senior services


sustainability in franklin park


water ambassador 




voter information




i'm a business


chamber of commerce


commercial permits


economic development incentives


public safety notifications for businesses


mass transit


workforce training


zoning




community


american legion post 974


chamber of commerce


community services


leyden township


leyden township parks and recreation


mass transit


park district


post office


public library


restaurants 


schools




calendar


events calendar


franklin park fest




faq


 














 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 




 
 
 












0


pay for a citation 
or 
view motorist report / purchase crash report


0







0




0
 

watersmart program account lookup
 

0
 

0

long term care counseling available

need help applying for government programs? 
leyden family services will be at village hall on the third wednesday of the month to help residents who have questions or need help applying for government programs including medicare, medicaid, and liheap. staff can also help with understanding medical bills, prescription assistance, and more. bring your social security award letter and paycheck stubs that show the amount of income you receive. no appointment is necessary.  scheduled village hall dates are from 9 am to noon:

january 15th, february 19th,
march 19th, april 16th, 
may 21st, june 18th, 
july 16th, august 20th,
sept 17th, october 15th, 
november 19th, and december 17th
a veterans affairs specialist from leyden township will also be available each session to discuss your benefits.
0


national permit discharge elimination system permit
 
npdes permit no. il0036013
 
npdes permit no. il0002283
 
 


0
leyden township senior services
leyden township offers a variety of services to its senior citizens and the disabled. 
more information
call 847-455-8616 to learn more or visit the leyden township senior services.

0





0
 

watch for scams
if you receive something in the mail requesting the need to
have a worker conduct a test or an inspection in your home, please
review the information carefully to verify if it is really from
the village. if you are unsure, please contact the village at
(847) 671-4800 or call the police department at (847) 678-2444.
as a reminder, residents should always ask for identification
from anyone requesting access to their home. if you are
approached by an individual claiming to be a village of
franklin park employee or a worker from a local utility,
make sure they have proper identification. you can also
check to see that they are driving a clearly marked village
of franklin park or utility company vehicle. if something
seems suspicious or it just doesn’t “feel” right to you, please
call the franklin park police department at 847-678-2444.

0
 
 



cold weather safety - warming centers available
when temperatures drop, remember to take action to stay safe. limit time outdoors. watch for signs of frostbite including skin that is whitish and stiff and will feel numb rather than painful. wear several layers of lightweight clothing and keep your head and ears covered and cover your mouth with to protect your lungs. wear mittens rather than fingered gloves. if you are traveling in a car, bring extra clothing to keep warm in case of a breakdown. remember also to limit the time your pets spend out of doors.
take steps to protect your pipes from freezing. open cabinet doors to warm up the pipes. you can prevent freezing by keeping a small trickle of water running through the pipes on extra cold days.
to see a list of area warming centers: warming centers

0
free tax preparation services available for seniors
triton college’s retired and senior volunteer program (rsvp) is offering free tax preparation services to individuals aged 60 or older from low to moderate income households (annual maximum of $67k). irs trained and certified volunteers will prepare tax returns for free. this service is available by appointment only at triton college, leyden township, the schiller park community center seniors assistance center in norridge and several other locations in the area. to make an appointment, call (708) 456-0300, ext. 3895. for more information about the program, call (708) 456-0300, ext. 3835. this service is made possible by a grant-funded irs program called tax counseling for the elderly (tce).

0

saturday dates for passport services at the library - february 22 & march 22
are you planning a vacation out of the country this summer? don’t forget your passport! for your convenience, the clerk’s office will provide services at the franklin park library on saturday february 22 and march 22. these saturday sessions will be by appointment only from 10 am to 3 pm and will include on-site photo services to schedule your appointment or if you have a question, call the clerk’s office at (847) 671-8242.


0
you can help improve traffic safety in your community
northeastern illinois is experiencing a traffic safety crisis. roadway deaths have been increasing over the past decade and an increasing number of those killed are people walking or riding a bike. you can make a difference by participating in the regionwide safe travel for all initiative to reduce — and ultimately eliminate — fatalities and serious injuries on our roads. as a resident, you know the roads in your community better than anyone, and your personal experience is key to understanding safety issues and developing solutions. please visit the cook safety action plan website at engage.cmap.illinois.gov/cook to:
• drop pins on the safety hotspots map.
• take the traffic safety survey (and get entered to win a $100 visa gift card!)
• get information about future events and open house details.
• sign up for project updates.

0
apply now for sidewalk program
the village is accepting applications now for the 50/50 sidewalk program to replace damaged and cracked concrete on the public sidewalk near your home. homeowners and the village will share the cost evenly. please call (847) 671-8308 to be placed on the list for repair this summer. the village will contact you to make an appointment to discuss the details. if you apply after may 30, 2025, you will be placed on the list for next year.

0
help prioritize the grand avenue corridor plan goals & recommendations!
the village is partnering with the chicago metropolitan agency for planning (cmap) to create a plan to transform grand avenue into a safe, accessible, and thriving corridor.
we need your input to help prioritize the plan’s goals and recommendations. each recommendation plays a role in achieving the plan’s vision, but your feedback will guide the village in deciding where to focus resources first. the survey takes 5–7 minutes to complete – share your thoughts today!
english: https://bit.ly/3cvyndv
spanish: https://bit.ly/3zga2em
polish: http://bit.ly/3vrwotd

0
overhead traffic signal planned in response to accidents
 
the village insisted that the illinois department of transportation (idot) install a temporary overhead traffic signal at the intersection of edgington street and belmont avenue. belmont avenue is a state route, and the overhead light must be approved by the state. the action is in response to several serious crashes that have occurred at the intersection. village staff have submitted preliminary plans to idot for review and hope to have the temporary traffic signal in place by summer 2025. 
 
one of the leading causes of all accidents is distracted driving. drivers should not be texting at any time. please do not text and drive, you may save the life of a child.
 

0

high water bills could mean you have a leak
to avoid unusually high-water bills, check to make sure that your faucets and toilets are not leaking or running and that they are in good operating condition. if you suspect there is a leak somewhere in your home and you need help locating it, schedule an appointment with the village’s water department, by emailing  ekubkowski with your name, address, and phone number.  also, check the top of your water bill for the type of reading you received. if your bill states estimated, please call (847) 671-8252 to schedule an appointment to obtain an accurate reading.
have questions about water bills? download our fact sheet here
 preguntas_de_fracturas_de_el_agua_24.pdf
fakty! odpowiedzi na pytania dotyczące rachunkow za wode 
download the presentation regarding water bills and equipment upgrades: water billing

0
watersmart program can save you money
franklin park residents can sign-up to have access to a program designed to help you reduce your water usage and save money on your monthly water bills. watersmart is an online program that allows users to review and understand their water use. setting up an account is fast, easy and free from a computer, tablet or smartphone.
users can analyze current water use and also review usage history from monthly figures even down to an hourly use. the program also allows you to set up alerts via text or email to help you detect leaks or other unintended water use. in addition, you can compare your water use with other similar users in your area. to enroll, please call (847) 671-8252.

0
climate resiliency plan
the village is working with cook county to create a climate resiliency plan and is working to engage residents to understand climate hazards, set goals, and identify and prioritize actions. the effort seeks to improve franklin park’s resiliency to the effects of climate change, including severe weather events such as heavy rain, flooding and extreme heat. franklin park will also receive funding to support actions to manage stormwater through green infrastructure, plant and maintain trees, and promote residents’ health and well-being. email questions or sign up for updates by contacting environment@cookcountyil.gov. 
to learn more: (download fact sheets)
english
polish
spanish

0


 

mayor’s column – february 2025
construction season is just around the corner. later this spring, the village will begin work on our annual street repaving program. upgrades and improvements will include street repaving, new curbs, and landscaping restoration. well-maintained roads provide safe passage for everyone who lives or travels through our town and have a positive impact on home values throughout the entire community.
the village engineers and public works staff identified streets that were the most in need of repair and developed a five-year plan to repave these streets. this year the village will repave the following streets:
• gage ave. from mannheim rd. to sarah st.
• minneapolis ave. from mannheim rd. to scott st.
• chestnut ave. from mannheim rd. to scott st.
• sarah st. from grand ave. to franklin ave.
• sunset ln. from grand ave. to franklin ave.
• louis st. from grand ave. to franklin ave.
• washington st. from king st. to belmont ave.
• robinson area subdivision including crescent dr., birch st., lombard st., and martens st.
you can view the map that includes the village’s plan for streets to be repaved in 2025 through 2028 by clicking here.
franklin park fest – save the date
i know it is only february, but please mark your calendar for our village’s annual summer tradition – franklin park fest! the 2025 fest will be held june 12 - 15. watch future newsletters and our village website for details and the lineup of musical entertainment.
mayor barrett pedersen 

mayor barrett pedersen congratulated sergent rose rutkoski after being sworn in at the january board meeting.




0
does your water bill state estimated


0

learn about how to avoid unusually high-water bills and the online program that will help to reduce your water usage.

0

 



0
              
0



 

0

inscríbete para recibir las noticias de nuestra comunidad en español llamando al (847) 671-8236 o por correo al email mayors office

 

jeśli chcielibyście państwo otrzymywać nasz biuletyn lub inne informacje w języku polskim, prosimy o kontakt pod numerem (847) 671-8252 lub na email email ewelina kubkowski


 




		  ©2025 - village of franklin park  9500 belmont avenue, franklin park, il 60131   tel: (847) 671-4800   
		terms & conditionsiprivacy policyisitemap




 









