








railroad retirement disability and social security disability representation - disability advocates















































free consultation
800-660-0449






skip to main content






menu
skip to content
home
services
about
railroad retirement faq

benefits
dual benefit payments faq
disability annuities for railroad employees
social security amendments affect railroad retirement earnings rules
new supreme court decision that might benefit you


social security faq

do i really need disability representation?
social security law at a glance
how do i get social security?
facts about multiple impairments
top ten questions about social security disability
what to know when applying for social security disability
social security disability: the basics


links
testimonials
accessibility
contact
 
search for:
search for:












railroad retirement disability and social security disability representation


disability advocates is an organization of representatives that provides caring and professional services to clients seeking railroad retirement disability and social security disability benefits. for more specific information on railroad retirement please click here. both railroad retirement disability and social security disability are federal programs administered by the railroad retirement board and social security administration, respectively, that provide financial assistance to people who are forced to leave the workforce before retirement due to a chronic mental or physical disability. our extensive knowledge of medical issues, vocational considerations and the railroad retirement and social security disability systems makes it possible for us to help our clients receive disability benefits. contact us right now for a free no obligation consultation to assess your eligibility for railroad retirement and/or social security disability benefits. disability advocates is available to represent clients who are seeking railroad retirement and/or social security benefits in all 50 states.
we are a full service office, specializing in railroad retirement and social security issues. we represent claimants before the railroad retirement board and social security administration, at administrative law judge hearings and at the appeals council. we will help you with your case. it is never to early to be represented in your railroad retirement or social security case. we will develop the medical, non-medical and vocational record in your case with the necessary medical evidence, medical assessments from your research and briefing.
there are very specific issues which the judge must evaluate and decide in a railroad retirement or social security case. we will make certain those issues are addressed and resolved to your advantage and in the most favorable light possible. we will attend your hearing with you and protect your interests before the administrative law judge, vocational expert and medical expert, as called by the judge to testify at your hearing. railroad retirement and social security law, rules and regulations are complex and ever changing. to win your case you must be up-to-date and familiar with social security procedures, practices, rulings and regulations. that is why we specialize in handling only railroad retirement and social security cases.
the philosophy of disability advocates is to provide concerned, efficient service to our railroad retirement disability and social security disability clients. we always keep in mind that many of our clients are in great pain and discomfort due to the ailments which cause their disability. although to some firms, it may be just another case, we remember that it may be a life of pain and anxiety to our clients. we keep our clients well informed on the progress of their cases through the railroad retirement board and social security administration system.
we are direct and to the point with our clients, letting them know the particular strengths and weaknesses of their claims. disability advocates has extensive experience working with medical records and physicians and we consider ourselves a great help in evaluating our clients’ cases. today’s advances in communication and research makes our services more efficient. we take full advantage of the efficiency of email, faxing, the internet, computerized research, computerized data banks on job information, and more. but we never loose sight of the human element. a human touch can make our clients’ lives more comfortable and helps to show our genuine care for our client. we can provide service on social security claims anywhere in the united states. we frequently represent clients who do not live near one of our offices by using telephone, fax and email.
if we are unable to win our client’s case without a scheduled hearing, we will travel to your local area of residence where the hearing will be held. we feel this will ensure that the representative who appears with you at hearing and represents you will have worked on your case and be thoroughly familiar with your individual situation. this also assures that your representation will be skilled, effective and professional in every way.









our missionit is our goal to help you receive the railroad retirement disability, social security disability, medicare and supplement security income benefits to which you are entitled, in the most efficient and expedited manner. we strive to deliver the most courteous and timely service to our clients.
free consultationthere is never a charge for a consultation and evaluation of your case. all representation fees are entirely on a contingency basis, and set by federal law. if you don't win, you don't pay fees. fees are limited to 25% of the back benefit. our office can help you with your claim after the filing of an initial application. it is never too early.
no one should go to a hearing without a skilled representative.
contact us right now to talk with an experienced representative.

nationwide toll free
800-660-0449

new supreme court decision that might benefit youif you had a prior application for railroad retirement disability benefits denied, and you did not file a timely appeal of that denial, you now may request that that prior application be reopened regardless of how long ago the denial was issued.
read more about application denial or contact us to discuss your case.
 






site maphome
disability claim services
about us
railroad retirement q&a

appeal procedures
ss amendments affect earnings
benefits under rr & ss
dual benefit payments faq
annuities for railroad employees

social security faq

do i really need representation?
social security law at a glance
how do i get social security?
facts about multiple impairments
top questions about ss disability
the basics of social security disability

useful links
testimonials
accessibility
site map
contact uscontact informationdisability advocates
railroad retirement disability
social security disability

toll free 800-660-0449free consultationcontact us today for a free consultation. no fee unless we win your case.
stay connected





 



				
				© disability advocates ~ railroad retirement/social security disabilitynationwide toll free: 800-660-0449
			




















