







high-quality home repair & exterior remodeling | fick bros.























































































  (410) 889-5525
 

roofing

residential roofing
commercial roofing
historic roofing
roof repair

flat roof repair
metal roof repair
slate roof repair
shingle roof repair


roof replacement

metal roofing
tile roofing
shingle roofing
wood shake roofing
copper roofing
slate roofing


church roofing
roof installation


windows & doors

windows

window replacement
window installation
historic windows
marvin windows
window sills
wood windows


doors

marvin doors
front doors
entry doors
exterior doors
wood doors




masonry

chimney caps
brick repair
chimney repair

brick chimney repair


stucco repair
chimney rebuilding
chimney crown installation
chimney repointing
patio/walkway repair
window lintel replacement


service & home maintenance

gutter cleaning

gutter cleaning program


roof maintenance
exterior repair
slate repair
gutter & downspout repair
leak repair
roofing repair
emergency service
annual maintenance program
wood shutter repair
rain gutter repair
wood siding repair


soft  washing

exterior cleaning

pressure washing


soft washing gallery
roof cleaning
window cleaning
house wash
patio/flat surface cleaning
gutter brightening


gutters

gutter repair
gutter replacement

built-in gutters
copper gutters
nordic steel gutters
seamless aluminum gutters


gutter installation


exterior remodeling

carpentry

wood trim repair
porch repair
railing repair
rotted wood repair


attic insulation
shutters
siding
skylights
soffits
stucco
deck construction


service areas

annapolis, md
baltimore, md
catonsville, md
cockeysville, md
hunt valley, md
lutherville, md
pikesville, md
timonium, md
towson, md


about

featured projects
history
our team
training center
awards
careers


blog
pay online
contact
 


select page


  
 
 














national residential roofing contractor of the year.
learn more









100 years, four generations, still the best value in town.
learn more









we do it right – we do it by the book – or, we don’t do it at all.
learn more









97% customer satisfaction rating. guild quality guildmaster award winner, 13 times.
learn more









quality workmanship by professional craftsmen.
learn more












quality workmanship by professional craftsmen

what we offer
we tackle home repair, exterior remodeling, and more to help you fall in love with your home all over again.






 roofing

 roofing
our attention to detail ensures your roof protects what matters most.



carpentry, windows, & doors

carpentry, windows, & doors
we deliver high-quality craftsmanship on every project we complete.



masonry

masonry
with over 100 years in the construction industry, our masonry work is second to none.



softwash & exterior cleaning

softwash & exterior cleaning
we use the latest tools and techniques in the industry to give your exterior exceptional results.



service & home maintenance

service & home maintenance
our home repair team is here to help, giving you added peace of mind.


















about us

roofing & exterior remodeling company

in the baltimore, maryland area, our team at fick bros. roofing & exterior remodeling company is renowned for our quality workmanship and customer service. after all, you don’t last as long as we have—with over 100 years of experience and counting—without paying attention to your customers’ needs. it also helps that we can tackle projects for the whole home, from the top to the bottom and everything in between.
when you contact our team, we’ll take the time to answer any questions you have during the initial consultation and ask a few of our own to make sure we truly understand your vision. from there, we meet with our team to create a proposal and then provide you with a customized plan for approval. this process is the same whether we’re providing you with roofing, window and door replacement, home repairs, exterior cleaning, masonry repairs, or one of our other services.
in addition to this focus on the details, you’ll see that our team provides excellent craftsmanship on every project we undertake, whether that project is big or small. this is because we strive to provide the best possible service every time. in other words, we do it right the first time—by the book—or we don’t do it at all. contact our team today to learn more about our process and how we can assist you.

learn more







historic restoration workwe carefully repair, rehabilitate, and reconstruct buildings, structures, and sites with historical significance. our goal is to always preserve the original appearance, materials, and craftsmanship of the structure while making necessary repairs to ensure stability and functionality. we adhere to industry preservation standards and guidelines established by local, state, and national historic preservation authorities. contact us today for more information.
learn more










why choose us?

100 years, four generations, and still the best value in town.






r

customer service
we have received the guildquality guild master award 13 years – 97% customer satisfaction rate






r

one-stop-shop
we offer services for your whole home, making us the team of choice for consistency and quality workmanship.






r

family owned and operated
we’re a fourth-generation family-owned company with a commitment to our community, our team members, and you.
















































reviews










anne gleason                    ★★★★★                great work, on time as promised, competitive price, no mess, perfect.marla                    ★★★★★                everyone who has come to our home from fick has been very personable and professional. and they did a good job. we are very happy with this company.janet marie smith                    ★★★★★                excellent craftsmanship and care with the new roof and the repair of the old roof.  love my new railings and doors and really appreciate fick bros. recommendations for cost effective solutions to each problem.  they approached each area thinking of its unique features and i really appreciate that.wayne kensicki                    ★★★★★                we used the soft wash service of fick bros. and all i can say is wow!  what a job eric and his assistant did.  the house looks amazing, like it did when it was new.  the pavers turned out the same way...i had forgotten the tones within the pavers themselves since they were first laid, but they're back now.  five star job!marty taylor                    ★★★★☆                we asked fick bros to "softwash" our painted formstone covered rowhouse.  work crew showed up when they said they would, and worked efficiently. the house looks likes it's been freshly painted.michael aughenbaugh                    ★★★★★                excellent job replacing our front door. very happy with the final product. the team was responsive, friendly, and very professional. highly recommend.irish kate                    ★★★★★                i was very impressed with fick bros!  my plaster bedroom ceiling collapsed onto my bed in may. luckily i got out of bed before being injured.  the insurance company said the cause was "hidden water damage" from the roof.(ie so the insurance company won't pay for it).  i had estimates from several companies.  what i liked about fick bros was that they gave me estimates on how to fix my slate roof ceiling.  the other estimate companies all wanted to replace it for a lot of money.  fick bros came out and fixed where the leakage was happening and then came back and fixed the entire ridge and dormers.  the guys were always nice and skilled and they cleaned up really well.  and it was very hot here to be working  on a roof!  they did a very nice job and the roof looks great.  and their estimator, danny beam, came out to my house several times and helped me with a variety of things to get this done.summary:    use these guys from fick bros!  they are nice, know what they are doing, and don't focus on how they can get more money from you.   check out their reviews too!  all are very good!  other customers agree that the fick bros are great!helen erdman                    ★★★★★                fick bros rebuilt my chimney and replaced the vents on my roof.  they did an excellent job.  they are always professional, on time and tidy up after each day's work.  if you were not home, you wouldn't be able to tell there were workers there that day. they are exceptionally respectful of your property.  i highly recommend them.i forgot to mention that they also insulated and sealed underneath my house bump out.kathryn cloyd                    ★★★★★                big project to replace our roof. the quality of workmanship was excellent and the crew was fantastic!  kept us informed, kept the worksite clean.dana goode                    ★★★★★                fick bros. has consistently done a beautiful job with a variety of projects at my 110 year old house!  i would recommend them for whatever complicated issue might come up.  they are very friendly and punctual, and have established their reputation over many years of service to baltimore customers.jeffrey mahan                    ★★★★★                very good crew was professional and friendly





guild quality survey results from over 1000 reviews










contact us






name*email*

phone*address*



street address


message*captcha
 











δ





 








contact us 

fick bros. roofing & exterior remodeling company



1200 east 25th street 


baltimore,
                md
21218




telephone: 

(410) 889-5525


https://fickbros.com




find us on the web


service area baltimore city, baltimore county, towson, lutherville, timonium, cockeysville, hunt valley, anne arundel county, annapolis, catonsville, pikesville, north baltimore, and all surrounding areas.



recent posts


three benefits of roof cleaning services


why prompt roofing repairs are essential for all types of roofs [infographic]


three signs to schedule roofing repair services


 



© 2025 the fick bros. roofing company corp., baltimore, md
(410) 889-5525


hours
map



x
business hours
hours of operation
mon

08:30 am
-
05:00 pm








tue

08:30 am
-
05:00 pm








wed

08:30 am
-
05:00 pm








thur

08:30 am
-
05:00 pm








fri

08:30 am
-
05:00 pm







(410) 889-5525
contact us


x
our location

view in maps
(410) 889-5525
contact us
privacy policy 





 



















  (410) 889-5525





