









home - trichotillomania support














































































coaching.careschedule appointment













skip to content







 








 

home
about
trustpilot
book now
treatment for bfrbs
donate
contact
 







search

 search









trichotillomania supporthelp for bfrbs 





































about
courses
support & resources
bfrbs and conditions we help with
recovery & relapse in bfrbs
bfrb recovery courses
tools to help bfrb recovery
children
bfrb downloads






 





welcome to trichotillomania support, bfrb support charity 









 




other bfrb support courses 



how we can help you 



bfrb support is an effective, volunteer-run charitable organisation offering valuable information directed at managing bfrbs positively.  read our pages and contact us for encouragement to increase pick free time.  it can be difficult to stop skin picking or hair pulling, but it doesn’t always have to be. we’re not offering cures or potions, but we can provide the key to recovery for many people, along with the support to continue long-term.
— a note to our american friends – we’re an english bfrb charity and we spell words like behavior and specializing in the british way. 😀 —
many people want to stop hair pulling or quit body focused repetitive behaviours (bfrb). managing bfrbs can be a tricky process, needing specialist treatment.
you’ll be in safe hands if you make contact with us.  if you will allow us to, we will pop in to your inbox now and again just to ask how you’re getting on.  it matters to us to be here to support you on what can be a difficult journey to recovery.
bfrb support for:
hair-pulling, eyelash or eyebrow pulling, cheek-chewing, teeth grinding or jaw clenching (bruxism), skin-picking, nail-biting, finger-biting or lip-picking? perhaps just splitting hair ends? other bfrbs. we are here to help!  you can stop skin picking or hair pulling like so many others, with self-care and guidance. 



everyone here has overcome a bfrb. between us we have the experience, knowledge, compassion and understanding you’ll want to see you through this, pick free or actively picking; our support is universal. join our supportive community – you can find us on facebook. (please note, this facebook group is open and so any posts to the page may show in your newsfeed. we also have a closed facebook group, so just ask us to add you.  alternatively, send a fb friend request to tric treat.support is available from our trained volunteers and professionals. we offer one-on-one sessions to help you navigate your bfrb recovery journey and find the resources you need.trichotillomania support, also known as bfrb support, is an independent non-profit supporting people affected by trichotillomania and body focused issues. we stopped hair pulling and skin picking so you can too. wherever you are in the world, we offer advice and support to adults, children, their friends and families.we have sourced the best, specialist treatment from https://coaching.care and obtained their services at a discounted rate for our members. 








 





coaching services:we have a treatment service available (we prefer the term “coaching”), utilising act and bfrb behavioural therapy, with a tremendous success rate. there is a charge for this service, but all money received  goes to cover running costs and keeping us operational. coaching is suitable for adults and children aged 4 and up.as a bfrb charity, we can contact your doctor, school, or anyone else and provide them with information on your condition if they’re having difficulty understanding it. you can also refer healthcare professionals to our helpful trichotillomania and dermatillomania information. 








volunteer 



make a difference by volunteering with us. whether you have personal experience with bfrbs or simply want to help, your time and skills are valuable to our mission. 



donate 



support our work by making a donation. we receive no funding whatsoever, and rely upon your generosity to provide vital services and reach more individuals in need. 



subscribe 



become a patron! 



we’re immensely grateful for donations and public support. if you can spare £6 each month to help us keep going you will join the ranks of our treasured tric supporters.tric supporters receive a welcome pack full of goodies and vouchers, and gain access to restricted areas of our site. 



hair pulling and the like are very much not a choice, and it is usually not a stress response gone too far.
a bfrb is not a phase which people usually grow out of and recovery requires guidance, tools, treatment and support.
with early appropriate treatment, dedication and hard work, bfrb recovery is possible. the sooner you get help, the greater the chance of a full recovery, but it is never too late to become pick free.
if you have concerns that you or someone close to you has trichotillomania, it is advisable to take the issue seriously, and to seek support. 



contact us 







have questions or need assistance? reach out to us anytime. we’re here to help. 







many people with bfrbs also find themselves faced with rapid, recurring and unhelpful thoughts, fears or images. they may also have other compulsions which they perform, feeling that these alleviate their anxiety.  those with these conditions are usually aware that their behaviours and sometimes their thoughts, differ from others’. this can lead to shame and a lack of sharing.for someone with a body focused repetitive behavior, it can be extremely hard and almost impossible to move on from distressing thoughts and the unwanted behaviour can seem the only way. the behaviour then activates intense shame and sadness, and the cycle starts again.  



together, we change our world for the better 







thank you for visiting bfrb support charity. you are not alone, and with the right bfrb support, healing and recovery are possible. join us in our mission to support, educate, and empower those affected by bfrbs. 



 










bfrb support socials 





contact information 








search

 search














facebook
 



twitter
 



youtube
 



instagram
 










trichotillomania support


address: c/o  pause cat cafe, 119 old christchurch road, bournemouth, dorset, bh1 1ep








 





+44 7910 114739 





sitemap 



privacy policy 



contact us 





 


































