







american bath resurfacing in new jersey





















































































american bath resurfacing


 nj: (973) 820-5151 


menu
home
about us
resources
testimonials
blog
site map
contact info






menu

tubs
bath conversions
countertops
tile
grout
duct cleaning
porcelain repair
kitchen cabinet refinishing
kitchen cabinet replacements
hardwood floors
ceramic tile floors
house painting
commercial and industrial painting
pressure washing







 porch



searcharchivesoctober 2018june 2016categoriesbath conversionsresurfacing tipstestimonials




















don’t replace it. resurface it!

avoid the mess, inconvenience and expense of replacing a bathtub, shower enclosure, sink or counter top just because it’s stained, scratched, chipped or has other surface flaws. our expert technicians can repair your fixture or counter to like new condition.
here’s some of what we do:



 bathtub refinishing removes chips and cracks in porcelain bathtubs
 bathtub reglazing can restore an old, dull finish to its original sheen
 remove scratches and cracks in fiberglass showers and baths
 change the color of your tub or sink
 porcelain repair of scratches, chips and cracks
 ceramic tile repair & refinishing
 tile & grout cleaning








 stainless steel sink polishing to restore the original brushed finish
 countertop resurfacing to restore the finish on an old, scratched countertop, whether it’s granite, laminate (like formica) or solid acrylic (like corian™)
 kitchen cabinet refacing to give your kitchen a new, modern look.
 hardwood floor installations, repairs, and refinishing
 durable ceramic tile floor installations and repairs






introducing: ekopel 2k bath coating


turn this…



… into this!



click here for more details





celebrating 15 years of making people happy
announcement - now a dealer for best bath systems

we are proud to provide the best bath systems
line of residential products, including new wall surrounds designs.
 
we are excited to announce that we are working with back home safely to remodel bathrooms with accessibility in mind!


call us for a free estimate!
ask us about our bathroom and kitchen remodeling services, too!
 
customer reviews

    average rating: 5.0    total number of reviews:    17               july 8, 2023     george b   absolutely amazing work!! super honest, knowledgeable and went beyond what we expected!!  all at a great price. with no waiting!        october 29, 2021     dina b.   excellent customer service!  extremely professional and did a great job resurfacing my tub which i thought i was going to have to replace.  highly recommend them.        april 11, 2021     justin h   our project started out poorly; but at no fault to american bath.  john's team showed up right on time the morning of our appointment.  shortly after starting, they were rinsing the shower down and our shower arm broke... in the wall.  we were able to get the repairs done same day and confirmed that it was just unfortunate timing that it broke. this is where i was impressed.  i called john to update him and let him know that we needed to continue the work since it was in the middle of refinishing our only tub.  john was so understanding; and his team returned the same afternoon and worked into the evening to complete the job.  john came out to inspect the issue and work.  i can't say enough about the service that we received and will gladly use this team again in the future.        september 27, 2020     joe   incredible craftsmanship!!! no one would ever believe the extensive break in our fiberglass tub, but thanks to you, john, it looks brand new!!! your attention to detail, customer service, all-around amazing work ethic, and quick response to my call was phenomenal!!        january 11, 2020     patrick l.   john & gerard were great. prompt, clean and got two old 1950s bathrooms looking brand new. i would recommend them to anyone and my daughter-in-law is planning to use them when she is ready to update her bathroom.       <  1   2   3   4  >      around the web        4.5     full star         full star         full star         full star         half star           83 google business profile reviews          5.0     full star         full star         full star         full star         full star          2 merchantcircle reviews         full star       half star        empty star       
















 home | about us | bathroom remodeling | bathtub refinishing | home ac air duct cleaning | bathtub repair | ceramic tile refinishing | kitchen cabinet refacing | 
hardwood floor refinishing | bathtub reglazing |ceramic floor tile installation | hvac vent cleaning | countertop resurfacing | bathtub inserts | 
bathtub conversions | 

kitchen cabinet installation | 

kitchen cabinet replacements | 

commercial painting | 

industrial painting | 

kitchen cabinet refinishing | bathroom tile repair | porcelain repair | hardwood floor installation | 
ceramic tile repairs | porcelain sink repair | floor tile repair | interior home painting | grout removal | wood floor refinishing | exterior house painting | pressure washing  | kitchen cabinet resurfacing | tile & grout cleaning | 
stainless steel sink polishing | house painting | soft roof washing  | resources | testimonials | contact us | site map
american bath resurfacing
don't replace it - resurface it!
nj: (973) 820-5151
we serve all of new jersey from boonton, nj 07005 & brick, nj 08723
especially bergen county, essex county, morris county, somerset county, union county and hudson county
nj home improvement contractor #13vh02562700
nj electrical contractor #34ei01598500





copyright © 2025 american bath resurfacing
web services by tag online, inc. | seo by rank magic











