







health benefits in tennessee since 1947 | farm bureau health plans





















skip to main content






menu 



quote / apply
plans
education
wellness
group services
report fraud


forms
provider information
portal login
pay your premium
contact us
twitter
facebook
instagram
linkedin











fbhp news center
important fbhp announcement!







    important announcement for medicare members!








    active&fit


    live well


    teladoc


    talkspace










making healthcoverage easy since 1947.




    get a quote


    view our plans





better coverage. better rates. better service.




individual & family plans
our broad range of individual & family plans are designed for folks under the age of 65, including young families, new grads entering the workforce and even folks on the cusp of retirement. plus, we can cover your dental and vision needs with dentalvision.


    get started





medicare plans
if you’re medicare-eligible, we’ve got medicare plans to meet your needs and budget. our options include four medicare supplement plans, medicare advantage (in 36 tennessee counties), two part d plans and a bundled dental/vision plan for folks 65 plus.


    get started





dental and vision plans
with a stand-alone dental care plan and bundled dental vision options, we've got the extra coverage you need.


    learn more





group services
farm bureau health plans group services (fbhpgs) will give you big-company benefits for your small business. fbhpgs provides a variety of group coverage for small businesses with anywhere from 2 to 50 employees including medical, dental and vision, life, disability, medicare enrollment and more.


    get started











more than 75 years of service to tennesseans. farm bureau health plans has been serving members and protecting their health with affordable, high quality coverage plans since 1947. 
our sole mission is providing tennesseans with access to better rates, better coverage and the type of personalized, superior customer service folks have come to expect from the tennessee farm bureau.
see why more than 200,000 tennesseans are part of the farm bureau health plans family!


    learn more about us




what do our members say about us?
check out their stories below.





melissa brannon 
clay county
 
"my husband and i are very pleased with our dental and vision benefits. it's been nice not to pay a fortune for premiums or when we need to use our insurance. excellent customer service from melissa as well!"
- karla w.






christy wray
coffee county
 
"i am very thankful for christy wray and her excellent customer service. she is so friendly and was very helpful during my transition from working to retirement."
- shelliah v.






lorienda stafford 
stewart county
 
"i have had my medicare supplement with farm bureau health plans for almost six years. i've had several tests and some surgeries, and with fbhp, i have not had to pay anything out of pocket. it is great! no papers or claims to file. if i were ever to have an issue, i have the assurance that lorienda stafford, local fbhp representative, would take care of it promptly."
- rebecca k. 





 any testimonial or endorsement presented by farm bureau health plans is applicable to the individual(s) depicted. member testimonials/endorsements are voluntarily provided and not paid. testimonials/endorsements are representative of member experience; exact results/experience will be unique to each member.

plan on us for the right coverage choices at any stage of life.





need a short term plan?



    get started






need coverage for you and your family?



    find out more






need medicare plan options?



    see our plans









visit a farm bureau office
there are 200+ offices throughout tennessee, so stop by and see us.


find a location




for more information, call
1-877-874-8323


let's talk
visit faqs








glossary
privacy policy
faq
farm bureau membership
auto/home/life
terms of use
site map
careers




 © 2025, farm bureau health plans. all rights reserved • last modified: january 09, 2025 @ 10:27 am
medicare supplements insured by trh health insurance company, columbia, tn.con-tng-certa-fl20-001; con-tng-certd-fl20-001; con-tng-certg-fl20-001; con-tng-certn-fl20-001;
not connected with or endorsed by the u.s. or state government. this is a solicitation of insurance. a representative of trh health insurance company may contact you. benefits not provided for expenses incurred while coverage under the policy is not in force, expenses payable by medicare, non- medicare eligible expenses or any medicare deductible or copayment/coinsurance or other expenses not covered under the policy.
© 2025, farm bureau health plans. all rights reserved • last modified: january 09, 2025 @ 10:27 am • h4863_fbtnmk23200_m accepted 12/31/2022
farm bureau health plans is a medicare advantage hmo and a prescription drug plan (pdp) with a medicare contract. enrollment in farm bureau advantage hmo or pdp depends on contract renewal. this information is not a complete description of benefits. contact the plan for more information. limitations, copayments and restrictions may apply. benefits, premium and/or copayments/coinsurance may change on january 1 of each year. see evidence of coverage for a complete description of plan benefits, exclusions, limitations and conditions of coverage.
farm bureau advantage hmo is not available in all tennessee counties. please refer to the tennessee county list at fbhp.com to confirm eligibility.
we do not offer every plan available in your area. any information we provide is limited to those plans we do offer in your area. please contact medicare.gov or 1-800-medicare to get information on all of your options.
© 2025, farm bureau health plans. all rights reserved • last modified: january 09, 2025 @ 10:27 am • s2668_fbtnmk23103_m 
farm bureau health plans is a part d plan with a medicare contract. enrollment in farm bureau health plans depends on contract renewal.  this information is not a complete description of benefits. call 1-866-643-6924 for more information. tty users should call 711. 





let's talk
click, call or visit
call us toll-free: 1-877-874-8323
send us an email: customerservice@fbhealthplans.com
or find a location





-
a
+







