

4* hotel wolf-dietrich in salzburg, austria, old town











zum inhalthotel wolf-dietrichphoto gallerybreakfastwolf-dietrich barpool & saunagym & fitnessmeeting roomlocation & directionsrooms & packagesrooms & suitesoffers & packagesincluded amenitiesimportant informationvoucher shopdiscover salzburgfestival.timechristmas.timefamily.timeculture.timeindulgence.timeromance.timeoffice@salzburg-hotel.atlocation & directionsphoto galleryvouchers

de

+43 662 871 275offersbooksalzburg.timewelcome to the altstadthotel wolf-dietrich in salzburgenjoy time & salzburg charm at the 4-star hotel wolf-dietrichlooking to discover salzburg and enjoy a wonderful time? then get ready for a wonderful stay with us! treat yourself to an experience full of art, culture and indulgence – and a hotel in the salzburg old town! the family-run altstadthotel wolf-dietrich in salzburg will make you want to explore this unique and charming city up-close.breakfast.timedelicious & localdetailsspa.timerelax & rechargedetailscity.timecentral & in the heart of the citydetails the 4* altstadthotel wolf-dietrich in salzburg old town flair & charm.when you book a stay at the altstadthotel wolf-dietrich, you will be treating yourself to the precious gift of time! why? the answer is easy: we are a hotel with an excellent location in the salzburg old town. everything you want to see and do is just a short walk from the hotel. the sights of the salzburg old town are close. step out of the hotel and find yourself in the heart of the city. we are the salzburg hotel.our location rooms & suites at the altstadthotel comfort & style. we love it when our guests are happy with the comfort of our rooms and suites. whichever room category you choose – from modern and spacious, to classic or romantic – you will enjoy time and space at our hotel in salzburg, austria. comfortable to stylish – cosy to elegant.make yourself at home time for a lovely breakfast regional & so much variety.simply delicious – that’s how to best describe breakfast at the altstadthotel wolf-dietrich in salzburg old town. top quality and a large selection of local products are the best ingredients for a tasty stay in salzburg: bread from local bakeries, cheese from the mattigtaler cheese dairy, juices from henndorfer saftladen and homemade cakes are just some of the treats you’ll find each morning. bring your appetite – and plenty of time to enjoy!breakfast is served wellness & spa time swim & enjoy.the 4-star hotel wolf-dietrich is an oasis in the salzburg old town, a refuge from the hustle and bustle of the city, culture and nightlife. enjoy some hard-earned r&r at the spa. our small but lovely spa in the salzburg old town is one-of-a-kind with saunas and an indoor pool. the jet stream in the pool is certainly better than jet lag, as we like to say. and if you still have some energy to burn, head to our gym for a good workout.time to treat yourself in salzburg, life moves at a slower pace culture & indulgence.how we would love to be able to stop time to make sure you see as much of our fantastic city as possible! here in the salzburg old town there is much to see and do ... culture, romance, the famous festival. whatever you’re here for: salzburg is ready for your visit and will treat you to many wonderful experiences!discover salzburgexperience salzburg. soak up culture. the attitude towards life is infectious. get dressed up. stroll. savour. this is salzburg. this is an unforgettable time. who we are gracious & easy-going.we are a family-run hotel. we are the place where our guests can simply be. two generations take care of our guests. we are family. we are hosts.and, we are big dog-lovers. our dog frieda is our “chief good mood officer”. and that’s why we say: “whether you have two legs or four: friendly faces are always welcome here! we look forward to all of our guests!”altstadthotel wolf-dietrichwolf-dietrich-straße 5-7 a-5020 salzburg +43 662 871275 office@salzburg-hotel.atenquiries & bookingsonline booking  non-binding enquiry informationnewsletterlegal noticeprivacy noticeoffersbook>your browser is out of date!

    update your browser to view this website correctly.
    update my browser now
    


×

this website uses cookies that are necessary for full use of the website. detailed information about the use of cookies on this website can be found in our data privacy policy. there, the use of cookies can also be set.accept