










home - naiop socal






















































  




















skip to content




























 
homeabout naiop socal board of directors committees diversity and inclusion committee mentorship young professionals group (ypg) ypg application ypg curriculum and requirementsjoin membership member companies sponsorship our sponsorsadvocacy naiop socal advocacy urgent appeal: send ab 98 veto request letter to governor newsom legislative affairs committee political action committeeevents calendar hallmark events awards gala night at the fightsnews newsletters news & trends podcastsjobsstudentscontact uslogin








 







 





welcome to naiop socal






the premier commercial real estate association in southern california









join today











join a committee 











member login











**naiop socal guide to la wildfire resources**





















naiop socal’s mission











naiop, the commercial real estate development association, is the leading organization for developers, owners and investors of office, industrial, retail and mixed-use real estate. naiop socal's mission is to provide a unified voice to protect and enhance the commercial real estate industry and quality of life in southern california. this is accomplished through proactive involvement in public policy, superior educational programs, trend-driven research and interactive business relationship opportunities.











what naiop socal can do for you











naiop socal chapter is the industry’s greatest ally and resource. serving orange and los angeles counties, naiop socal is one of the largest chapters in the united states comprised of 1,250 members making it the leading commercial real estate trade association in southern california. membership in as well as sponsorship of naiop socal is the best return on investment you can make in your commercial real estate career and business. contact us for more information.























testimonials













"naiop socal broadened my knowledge and exposure to all aspects of commercial real estate through interactions with professionals committed to our industry. more importantly, i became aware of legislative impacts that can effect our profession and that naiop is an important advocate for us and our future. naiop socal is an important organization for anyone committed to a long-term career in commercial real estate."jeffrey moore, executive vice president, cbre 

"since 2005, naiop socal has been an invaluable resource for mycareer growth and a vital tool for the companies i represent."emily mandrup, founder, ecm management 

"as a long-time member, naiop socal has been a valuable resource at every stage of my real estate career. from the vast amount of networking opportunities, to core educational programs, to providing a unified voice through championing legislative issues that impact the industry, the organization delivers. many of the connections, business relationships and friendships within my career today have evolved from my involvement with naiop socal."lance p. ryan, executive vice president and chief operating officer, watson land company 

"the naiop ypg program and alumni committee have been an integral part of my personal and professional growth and development over the course of my involvement since 2010. my favorite thing about naiop socal is that there are many ways to get involved  - whether its learning about legislative affairs, getting involved in a social committee, community outreach, education, or just attending networking events. the rewards you get from the program increase proportionately with your involvement!"chris yamashita, relationship manager, vice president, city national bank real estate lending group 























thank you to our sponsors






join our 90+ corporate sponsors today!
















diamond sponsors


































































































































platinum sponsors

























































































































































 












© 2025 naiop socal
 | 
site by growthzone












get in touch!


















(714) 550-0309 














918 e santa ana blvd.santa ana, ca 92701 














info@naiopsocal.org 










resources











member login
membership application
sponsorship opportunities
contact us









follow us














linkedin





instagram





twitter





youtube



















 © 

 naiop socal.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top

















