


home - national class e scow association




























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twittermember loginmenuhome aboutracing regatta/event calendar regatta nor/results national rankings past championship results ncesa regatta bid inforesources new member seminar tuning guides photo albums social media guide reporter magazines grants / donations fleet designatorsmembership become a member member directory member search instructionmarketplace classified ads merchandiseassociation operational structure constitution by laws scantling rules scantling rule changes  committees trophies/awards past commodores news contact us






keyboard_arrow_leftkeyboard_arrow_right••••click here for regatta wrap-up videoclick here to registerharken - celebrating a century of e scow sailing upcoming eventsupcoming eventsfull regatta grid 

youth regatta participation grant
for skippers under the age of 30 to help with regatta participation 

the ncesa wants to help and encourage your participation and will help offset your expenses to attend a designated regatta.
if grant monies will make the difference between going and not going to one the following regattas, please apply!





regatta:
application due date: 


ilya invitational
june 18


western michigan invitational 
june 27 


eastern championship
july 9


western michigan championship
july 15


ilya championship 
july 26


national e scow championship                         
aug 20 




the grant is intended for young skippers under the age of 30, with at least one other crew under 30, that could seriously use some financial help to participate in a regatta.
we have outlined the goals and requirements, please review the grant details and start your process early so you can meet the deadline!

ncesa youth participation grant application

email your application to: ncesa@e-scow.org 

the ncesa hopes to see more young skippers on the starting line!
please donate below if you would like to help these young sailors - your support if greatly appreciated.

donate now

the ncesa is a 501(c)3 non-profit charitable organization. (ein 93-0813384)
donations are tax-deducible as allowed by the law. please consult your tax professional.


















national class e scow association
the national class e scow association (ncesa) was founded in 1959 to promote the sport of e scow racing. it exists to serve all regions of the country where e scow sailing is pursued.
there are three types of membership in the ncesa: boat owner - regular - associate
the ncesa is supported through membership dues, we are 501c3 non-profit organization, and donations are tax deductible.
class e scantling rules are determined by boat owner members, and require a vote.
we welcome your support and interest - please visit our site for the latest news.

send content for posting to:
escowclassmedia@e-scow.org


click on the images below to see our social media sites:
                     view this profile on instagram                        national e scow class (@e_scow) • instagram photos and videos facebook feedescowsailing





menuhome aboutracing regatta/event calendar regatta nor/results national rankings past championship results ncesa regatta bid inforesources new member seminar tuning guides photo albums social media guide reporter magazines grants / donations fleet designatorsmembership become a member member directory member search instructionmarketplace classified ads merchandiseassociation operational structure constitution by laws scantling rules scantling rule changes  committees trophies/awards past commodores news contact us



home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









