










westchester fence company: #1 fence company - king fence ny




































 















						top westchester fence company					
















 



1-914-337-8700


 


48 grassy sprain road
yonkers, new york 10710 


 


mon - fri 9:00 - 5:00
sat & sun - closed


 


 


menu











home
about us

#1 fence company


westchester fence company
fences

aluminum fences
cedar fences
chain link fences
vinyl fences


portfolio

aluminum
cedar
chain link
vinyl
arbors


hardware
arbors
contact us
 




 



1-914-337-8700


 


48 grassy sprain road
yonkers, new york 10710 


 


mon - fri 9:00 - 5:00
sat & sun - closed


 


 













the best fences in westchester ny


welcome to king fence











white painted cedar fence











wooden fences

















 
					call king fence if you are looking for the top westchester fence company. 1-914-337-8700				

get a quote visit our showroom 
 westchester fence company
king fence brings the communities of westchester the exquisite craftsmanship for all your fencing needs. our fence company has the know-how and resources to meet the most discerning needs. we're your go-to source for fencing in westchester, new york. when searching for the #1 rated fence company westchester you will always find king fence is at the top of the list!
we specialize in a variety of fence styles including wood fence, vinyl fence, wrought iron fence, masonry columns, white picket fence, ornamental fence, privacy fence, pool safety fencing, pet fencing and more. please consider calling our fence company at 914-337-8700 to bid on your next fence project. you can also fill out our online request form. both will begin the process to help you experience for yourself the outstanding quality and service that so many property owners in westchester, and the surrounding areas have come to experience with king fence ny.

 


service areas
king fence is the top tri-state and westchester fence company serving our communities since 1962! please visit our service areas page to learn more about the areas we serve.
read more


 


https://kingfenceny.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/king-fence-luxury-fence-company.mp4why choose us? we are local
we are a westchester based fence company and we have a proven record of accomplishment and service excellence. king fence ensures that all projects are done with utmost professionalism using quality materials while offering clients the best customer experience. we are you're westchester fence company.
 honest and dependable
for king fence, honesty is the only policy and we strive to complete all projects with integrity, not just with our clients, but also our suppliers and contractors. with thousands of successful projects under our belt, we are the most trusted westchester fence company; and nothing means more to us!
 we are ever evolving
at king fence we use the best of technology and tools to ensure that all jobs are done quickly and to the highest standards. as new products come to market we stay ahead of the curve, always offering the best materials, products, and service. we are one of the oldest fence companies in westchester.
who we are?
king fence is the top westchester fence company. our commitment to quality has always been the foundation of king fence. we only use the finest materials and never compromise on quality at any point while serving our customers. the result is the most durable, best-built custom fencing you’ll find in the westchester, putnam, rockland, ct, and nyc.
since 1962 we have been the leading westchester fence company.
we always strive to maintain the highest standards while exceeding client’s expectations at all levels.
read more
check out our recent fence installation picture gallery 


[show slideshow]











































































































































































1
2
3
► 

 our promise as the top westchester fence company is to build community value into every project while delivering professional expertise, exceptional customers service, and quality construction.
get a free quote on now 

 









your name (required)



your email (required)



telephone number (required)



project details








 

vinyl railing systems 
design your fence 
 

 company policy
at king fence we want you to enjoy your new fence knowing that our labor and materials warranty programs offer worry-free protection. it is important to understand the difference between the labor we provide, and the material used (the type of fence & hardware installed). many fence companies in westchester county don't believe in transparency in their labor policies; but not us!
our company believes in full transparency, and this is why we are publishing this policy for your review.
labor
we confidently stand behind the services we provide by including a standard warranty on all new fence installations. you are not required to register your fence with us in order to be eligible for this warranty. our standard warranty covers defects in workmanship for one year after installation, including gate closures and locking mechanisms. our labor warranty does not cover damages caused by and of the following: 
acts of gods, weather, damage by humans or pets, and impact or other conditions resulting from damage caused outside of the normal use of your fence.
you will also void your warranty if you make any structural changes or modifications to your fence after installation. 
material
king fence partners with leading fence material companies who stand behind their products with best-in-class warranty programs. please refer to the warranty for your specific fence material by visiting the manufacturer website for more detailed warranty information. wood is a natural product that may twist, warp, crack, split or contain natural deformities, therefore, the manufacturer will not warranty.

 





about us  we offer a wide variety of in wood, aluminum,chain link and vinyl fencing. a commitment to quality has always been the hallmark of king fence. we use only the finest materials and refuse to compromise on quality at any point in the production process.

read more
our location king fence ny
48 grassy sprain road
yonkers, ny 10710

1-914-337-8700
contact us king fence is your top westchester fence company ready to help you with all of your fencing needs. to speak with a sales representative please give us a call or send us an email.

contact us
 





					© 2024 king fence. all rights reserved. | privacy policy 

					hosting//seo by 10tier.com 



















































 

