







frostd joins the harlem united family - harlem united






















































































  

























what we doour teamnewsways to giveget care





donate








frostd joins the harlem united family





january 13, 2007
harm reduction





we formed a partnership and then later acquired the foundation for research on sexually transmitted disease (frost’d). this was done to give chronic substance users, hiv-positive formerly homeless persons, and ymsm2 access to healthcare. specifically, this allowed us to build out our harm reduction services, including syringe exchange, to provide recovery support services to our clients living with addiction and to offer two housing facilities for those in immediate need of shelter.
learn more about our overdose prevention and needle exchange programs.








we become a federally qualified healthcare center


our first congregate housing opens









844.go.harlem306 malcolm x boulevard 3rd floornew york, ny 10027

contact us



join the team

see job openings




follow us
facebook
instagram
linkedin






privacy policy
terms of use








						cookies					

						we serve cookies. if you think that's ok, just click "accept all". you can also choose what kind of cookies you want by clicking "settings".													
								read our cookie policy							



							settings						

							accept all						




						cookies					

						choose what kind of cookies to accept. your choice will be saved for one year.													
								read our cookie policy							





necessary
these cookies are not optional. they are needed for the website to function.










statistics
in order for us to improve the website's functionality and structure, based on how the website is used.










experience
in order for our website to perform as well as possible during your visit. if you refuse these cookies, some functionality will disappear from the website.










marketing
by sharing your interests and behavior as you visit our site, you increase the chance of seeing personalized content and offers.












							save						

							accept all						




 






 







 

























































