

ancient egyptians and the constellations














options













         come with me to the celestial hall of records and discover the 16000 year old celestial sphinx, hu, who was the blueprint for the sphinx at giza. gaze upon the face of the creator, the "giver of life in the beginning".
         learn the lost word. discover the greatest of the lost secrets of the remote ancient egyptians … including their knowledge of precession which they encoded into their mythology, art and the narmer plate.
         the remote ancient egyptians mapped the constellations, discovered precession and invented hieroglyphs. it was they who introduced the arts and sciences to the rest of the world. freemasonry is the legacy of the ancient egyptians.












part 1:  
the hall of records




part 2:  
the celestial sphinx: the lost word and the lost secrets




part 3:  
the celestial sphinx: more lost secrets




part 4:  
the osiris legend and precession




part 5:  
the royal arch and the precession of the equinoxes




part 6:  
the osiris legend and the tree of life




part 7:  

the tree of life and the pyramids




part 8:  

the narmer plate is a sky chart




part 9:  

the narmer plate and osiris, the lord of precession



part 10:  

the narmer plate and the substituted secrets




part 11:  

the narmer plate and the sacred gateway




part 12:  

the narmer plate and the four standards




part 13:  

the narmer plate and the great conjunction




part 14:  

the narmer plate and the twelve ages of the zodiac




part 15:  

the narmer plate, baal and the beltane festival




part 16:  

giza, the stellar observation deck




part 17:  

the celestial sphinx and a sumerian cylinder-seal


 

part 18:  

from celestial sphinx to celestial fish: the age of aquarius




part 19: 

sacred stars and treasure maps




part 20:  

freemasonry: the legacy of the ancient egyptians




part 21:  

washington, tyne-wear, england - what's in a name?




part 22:  

washington, tyne-wear, england - the usa connection




part 23:  

skara brae: an ancient egyptian settlement




part 24:  

links





you can now order a copy of my book “ancient egyptians and the constellations”.



 
















