







dehen cheer





































































































            our story
          



            contact us
          















































































our story







custom cheerleading uniforms, made in the usa




contact us









scroll








welcomedehencheercustom cheerleading uniforms, made in the usa.




    view our catalog
  




    what's new
  









  

our products

 













high schooldesigning and manufacturing high school uniforms is what we've been doing for decades. we offer a wide selection of styles and are always willing to work with our customers to make custom changes.















youthwe love working with youth teams! our entire selection of package uniforms is available in youth sizing, as well as the majority of all-star and high school uniforms found throughout our catalog. we also offer youth sizing in warm-ups and camp wear.















all starwe work one-on-one with our customers to create their own custom all star uniforms and rhinestone designs. with low minimums and complimentary colored sketches, our customers are sure to receive exactly what they're looking for. 

 




 

about usfor decades, the dehen diamond has been a symbol of quality cheer apparel and classic styling.  designed, cut, sewn and decorated in portland, oregon, we lay claim to being the oldest cheerleading uniform manufacturer in the usa.  you could say we are as american as cheerleading itself.




    learn more
  









 

a brand new fitwe've been making some amazing improvements to our bodyfit tops, skirts, and dresses! our new line of performax stretch-fit uniforms offer a wide selection of long sleeve and sleeveless styles, and an array of updated necklines. also, check out pages 38-43 in our cheer catalog to see our bodyfit package uniforms, starting at $109.95.    




    learn more
  






























 

 




 



subscribe
sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.




email address






sign up





we respect your privacy.
thank you!



 






































































































































home



home - our products



home - about us



home - promotion



home - subscribe



home - gallery








































dehen cheer
1040 ne 44th ave, suite 3,
portland, or  97213,
usa
(844) 294-6271
info@dehen.com


hours




informationorderingdealerswholesale inquiriescareers














503-956-1279 • 7901 se powell blvd. suite b-448, portland, or  97206

 

powered by squarespace









