




































westlake corporation | global diversified industrial company












































          skip to main content
        










toggle navigation
















search






news
events
contact us
suppliers









main navigation


about us 


overview


who we are


our leadership team


our locations


our history


our awards




sustainability 


governance & resilience


operations, products, & safety


people & community




products & services 


housing & infrastructure products overview


westlake dimex


westlake global compounds


westlake pipe & fittings


westlake royal building products


performance & essential materials overview


westlake north american chlor-alkali & derivatives


westlake european & asian chlorovinyls


westlake epoxy


westlake polyethylene


westlake pvc


westlake olefins


westlake north american vinyls


westlake water solutions


research & development




resources 


certifications


data privacy


code of conduct


safety data sheets




careers


investor relations 


news


events & presentations


financials


stock information


governance


resources




































 













enhancing your life every day®


westlake performance & essential materials includes polyethylene and polyvinyl chloride, which are used in many life-saving medical products, including intravenous tubes. additional polyethylene derivatives, such as ethylene-vinyl acetate and acrylate resins, can be found in solar panel encapsulate film and greenhouse sheeting.













 













enhancing your life every day®


westlake performance & essential materials includes caustic soda, which is used to make detergents for clothes and other household cleaners.













 













enhancing your life every day®


westlake epoxy includes epoxy composites used in the manufacturing of wind turbine blades and for the light-weighting of airplanes and automobiles.













 













enhancing your life every day®


housing & infrastructure products includes pvc pipe and fittings used to deliver clean water to homes. we also provide water treatment chemicals for potable water and wastewater treatment.













 













enhancing your life every day®


housing & infrastructure products can be found inside and outside your home, from roofing to siding and pvc piping to outdoor living features, all produced with durable, attractive and long-lasting materials.













 













enhancing your life every day®


westlake compounds used by automakers look like leather and provide a soft touch, enhancing design freedom.













 













enhancing your life every day®


our products preserve the freshness of foods through bread bags, cheese wrappers, meat containers, milk cartons and more.













 













enhancing your life every day®


westlake performance & essential materials includes the molecular building blocks that are used to make toys and other consumer goods.















 













enhancing your life every day®


westlake performance & essential materials includes caustic soda, which is used to produce the cardboard boxes that fuel e-commerce and deliver essential and much-anticipated goods home.


































westlake hosts housing & infrastructure teach-in





westlake corporation (nyse: wlk) recently hosted a teach-in focused on its housing and infrastructure products (hip) segment. 
during the event, albert chao, president and chief executive officer; steve bender, executive vice president and chief financial officer; robert buesinger, executive vice president – housing & infrastructure products, it & digital; and the leaders of westlake royal building products, westlake pipe & fittings, and westlake global compounds, presented an in-depth overview of the company's hip segment and why "every piece matters".  
 
to view the video for "every piece matters", click here 












fast facts
westlake corporation is a global manufacturer and supplier of materials and innovative products that enhance life every day. we provide the building blocks for vital solutions —  from packaging and healthcare products to automotive and consumer goods to building and construction products.





total
employment:
approx. 16,000
(year-end 2023)



revenues
(2023):
approx.
$12.5 billion
















news & stories








  
 

westlake announces fourth quarter and full year earnings for 2024 conference call
westlake corporation (nyse: wlk) will release its fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings prior to the market opening on monday, february 24, 2025. the company will host a conference call at 11:00 a.m. eastern time (10:00 a.m. central time) on the same day to discuss the earnings release. to…
02/10/2025
read more


  
 

westlake chemical partners announce fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings conference call
westlake chemical partners (nyse: wlkp) will release its fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings prior to the market opening on monday, february 24, 2025. the company will host a conference call at 1:00 p.m. eastern time (12:00 p.m. central time) on the same day to discuss the earnings…
02/10/2025
read more


  
 

westlake global compounds’ north american sites receive bronze medal from ecovadis
today westlake corporation (nyse: wlk) announced that westlake compounds llc has been awarded the esteemed ecovadis bronze medal for its commitment to improved environmental sustainability and management. this accolade places westlake compounds llc among the top 35% of companies assessed by…
01/30/2025
read more


  
 

westlake chemical partners lp announces fourth quarter 2024 distribution
$0.4714 per unit distribution declared payable on february 25, 2025 the board of directors of westlake chemical partners gp llc, the general partner of westlake chemical partners lp (the "partnership") (nyse:wlkp), has declared a distribution of $0.4714 per unit. this is the 42nd quarterly…
01/27/2025
read more


  
 

westlake innovations invests in universal matter
westlake innovations, inc., a subsidiary of westlake corporation (nyse: wlk), today announced the company has invested in universal matter, inc . the burlington, ontario-based company’s vision is to become the leading supplier of high-quality and sustainable graphene and advanced materials to…
12/17/2024
read more




previousnext












westlake corporation
nyse: wlk


closed: 14 feb, 4:00 pm est -05:00 · disclaimer
after hours 112.58



115.27



usd  2.69 (2.389%)




























connect with us





westlake corporation has approximately 16,000 employees and operates worldwide. click here  to view a listing of our locations.







how can we help you?
contact us 





westlake corporation headquarters
2801 post oak blvd., suite 600 houston, texas 77056 usa











receive investor relations email alerts
you may register to receive email alerts about new sec filings, press releases or sign up for electronic delivery of shareholder material.
sign up




quick links


about us


sustainability


products & services


resources


careers


investor relations






copyright ©  2025 - westlake corporation





canada supply chain act | california supply chain transparency  | privacy policy | terms of use | sitemap






















































