


rutgers center for operations research







   



home
academics
research
people
information


 

quick links

seminars
research reports
courses
admission
faculty and membership
graduate students
alumni
staff
visitors

our partners

dimacs
institute
mathematics
computer science
statistics
industrial
engineering
business
school
informs

 


welcome to rutcor
 the rutgers center for operations research(rutcor) is focused on
the development of operations research theory and applications through
scientific study and collaboration with government and industry. we
develop advanced analytical methods for the optimization of complex
systems to guide decision making in a wide variety of disciplines.
 operations research is an interdisciplinary field that emerged
during world war ii when scientists, engineers, and mathematicians were
asked to develop ways to make the most effective use of limited
military resources. since then, operations research has been widely
applied by industry and government in making decisions about the use of
scarce resources and in solving problems involving complex design,
allocation, planning, or logistics. today, operations research is
considered an essential tool to help improve efficiency of business and
management.
rutcor was established in 1983 to coordinate the operations research
activities which had been going on in many parts of the university and
to act as a focal point for the development of operations research in
the state of new jersey. in addition to running the doctoral program in
o.r., rutcor sponsors interdisciplinary research projects, facilitates
research contacts between university and industry, runs conferences on
current areas of interest in o.r., sponsors colloquia, puts out several
international scientific journals and an international technical report
series, and hosts distinguished long and short-term visiting scholars
from around the world. 


news
 rutcor is in the process of moving to the business school, and will be offering a ph.d. 
in operations research jointly with the msis department. to view the details of the program,  
click here. 
interested applicants should click on the admission button on the left.   

 the editorial offices of both
discrete
applied
mathematics
(for a list of dam calls for papers, click here)
and

annals of operations research
(for a list of anor calls for papers, click here)
are located at rutcor.

editor-in-chief: endre boros
publications manager: katie d'agosta




contact information
 rutcor
640 bartholomew road
piscataway, nj 08854-8003
phone: (732) 445-4812
fax: (732) 445-5472





 © 2012 rutgers, the state university of new
jersey. all rights reserved.





