



newhorizonsgolf.com
























































new horizons golf approach




innovating coaching for golfers











newhorizonsgolf




the approach




founder




stage-one




fundamentals




stage-two




your body mechanics




bioswing coaching




publications




rope training




miscellaneous




golfstrilogy




health & wellness




home




contact form


























































welcome to our golf community!


























































own your swing - play your best!




learning to play golf can be a natural process - one full of enjoyment & fulfillment!








































innovative coaching for golfers!!




the new horizons approach is the best process for learning golf!





























































olympia fields country clubdirector of instruction -top 100 instructorgolf magazine -founder of the new horizons golf approach- e.a. tischler















































visit www.makingyourgolfsimple.com to find a website that provides video content covering essential core lessons, golf swing cornerstones, understanding your lefts & rights, the fundamentals, power stacking, playing in the flow, 9 basic swing flaws and the own your swing module.



























































website  development











the original new horizons golf website was built with the dawn of the internet.  the server company decided to discontinue use of the original site builder and we no longer have access to the original build.  therefore we've had to to use a new site-building program to create this new website.  this will be a work in progress, so we thank you in advance for your patience while we continue to build out this new website.



















































ebooks  & training aids!













ebooks, training aids and educational opportunities available for purchase at www.newhorizonsgolfshop.com




















































making your golf simple













www.makingyourgolfsimple.com is a subscription website that offers a variety of instructional modules that organize the new horizons golf approach information into easy to follow video content.  on the site you will find essential core lessons, golf swing cornerstones, understanding your lefts & rights, the fundamentals, power stacking, playing in the flow, and own your swing modules.  you can subscribe to them individually or to the full membership!~






































































become a new horizons golfer!






also, a new app dedicated to using new horizons golf books and lesson plans to improve your game.  a variety of ea's books will be featured with videos covering the lessons in each book.  check your app store for the new horizons golf app in the fall, winter of 2024.  until then visit www.newhorizonsgolfshop.com for ebooks, trainingaids and educational opertunities.


































































upcoming coaching educations!











clcik here!












































new horizons golf approach




products & services










































ebooks













ea. tischler has self-published 28 golf instructional books.  a variety are still available.  ebooks can be purchased with immediate downloads at www.newhorizonsgolfshoop.com




















































training aids













new horizons golf approachtraining aids are available forsale at our new webstore - www.newhorizonsgolfshop.com.click here to open the link for that website.




















































websites & apps













to assist in becoming a new horizons golfer, we have a subscription website www.makingyourgolfsimple.com as well as a webstore, www.newhoriizonsgolfshop.com




















































your body mechanics













bioswing coaching is an approach based on understanding the golfer's biomechanical design, more specifically their unique body mechanics.  




































































founder - new horizons golf approachgolf magazine top 100 instructorgolf digest - 2017-2018 top 50 instructordirector of instruction - olympia fields cc











the younger years - e.a. tischler grew up in northern california and was introduced to golf at the age of 9 by his father. from the first day his father took him to the driving range he had a thirst of the game. self-taught, he read hundreds of books studying all aspects of the game. he honed his skills to a high enough level to play in college where he ultimately become the #1 player for uc san diego.turning professional - though he turned professional in 1989, his roots in coaching began by meeting fred shoemaker who become his mentor in coaching through the inner game of golf and later fred's extraordinary golf approach to the game. as a player he won 30+ professional tournaments, set 24 course records, made 10 hole-in-ones, two double eagles, and achieved a +5.4 handicap.the new horizons golf approach - after experiencing a career ending injury in 1992, e.a. turned his focus over to coaching. although he had already been working on writing some golf instructional books he would spend the next 8 years honing his craft and published more than 28 books, ultimately achieving the 28 self-published books to date. along the way he's invented and patented training aids and completed a ton of research that has help advance many of the topics and techniques that are widely used in the game today. many of those techniques are in the area of biomechanics.beyond new horizons golf - e.a.'s contributions in biomechanics are highlighted in his partnership with mike adams in bioswing dynamics, which they co-founded together in 2009. though e.a. had already published much of his research before partnering up with mike adams, the two of them advanced many of the concepts commonly used in biomechanics coaching.   mike decided to split off and work with terry rowles in what they now call the ultimate golf lesson. e.a. continues to provide all his research and coaching techniques through the new horizons golf approach, his making your golf simple website, and with bioswing coaching educations.. currently e.a. tischler is the director of instruction for olympia fields cc, located south of chicago, which has hosted many majors and rooted in a rich history of golf.









































































new horizons golf approache.a. tischler408-203-7599




innovative coaching for golfers




















































the new horizons golf approach - the #1 place on the internet to learn how to play your best golf!




















































