







shelburne lodge








































        
          
            shelburne lodge
          
        
      




















































              rooms
            

              rates
            

        exclusive private rental
      

              reviews
            

              gallery
            

              history
            

        my wild atlantic kitchen
      

              contact
            




















































roomsratesexclusive private rentalreviewsgalleryhistorymy wild atlantic kitchencontact





                
                  
                    shelburne lodge
                  
                
              











scroll






 

a warm welcome 

  









maura, her late husband tom (until 2021), & family have been welcoming guests to their multi award winning 4 star georgian country house since the mid 1990’s, a historic house dating back to the mid 1700’s. set a 5 minute walk from kenmare town, it offers comfort & elegance in historic surroundings with contemporary irish art, antiques, individually appointed en suite rooms with restored polished wooden floors and, beautiful trees and gardens.   maura, creator and cook of renowned restaurants in kenmare town; the purple heather, the lime tree and packie’s, has been a pioneer of fresh local quality produce since the early 1960’s. enjoy exploring the picturesque town of kenmare, the ideal base for touring ireland’s south west wild atlantic way, nestled in between the ring of kerry and ring of beara. shelburne lodge is a home away from home.










tom and maura foley






“for fifty years, maura foley has been the shining star of the food and hospitality culture of kenmare and shelburne stands as testament to all her gifts.”

— john & sally mckenna - mckenna's guides




“maura foley, cooked me wild salmon, seared lightly and served with a lemon butter sauce for my breakfast. it was the finest start to the day i’ve ever had.”

— richard corrigan - irish times











 











rooms















gallery















our history



 




 

comfort & elegance




    contact
  

 









shelburne lodge, cork rd, kenmare, co. kerry, v93 dv2r, ireland


   








hero banner



dashboard



secondary banner



location + social










shelburne lodge, cork rd, kenmare, co. kerry, v93 dv2r, irelandshelburnekenmare@gmail.com+353 (0)64 6641013+353 (0)87 4146477







site designed by anchor studio



roomsratesreviewsgalleryhistorycontact









