






expert witness and business consultants directory services






































login
join












find expert witnesses & business consultants
serving attorneys, businesses, insurance companies, and media. search. review. retain.





browse experts and more





expert
witnesses







business
consultants













oil gas expert witness





harold mcgowen
navidad energy advisors



harold e. mcgowen, iii, pe, is a proven authority in oil and gas exploration and development. as an engineer and businessman with 40+ years of experience building and leading oil and gas companies, he provides technical acumen, clear communication, and industry knowledge in cases involving...                    
view profile
browse all featured expert witnesses


analysis audio video voice image forensics expert witness





jonathan broyles
sr. forensic examiner
image and sound forensics®­



mr. broyles represents 19 years experience in providing expert witness and forensic examination services combined with 32+ years experience in research, design & development of computer software and electronic products to include forensic lab equipment and forensic audio/video/image...                    
view profile
browse all featured expert witnesses


cardiovascular heart disease expert witness





dr. james strader



dr. james strader, jr., md, facc is a full-time practicing general invasive cardiologist, experienced in all areas of cardiovascular medicine. dr. strader is board certified in cardiovascular disease and nuclear cardiology. he is currently the chief of cardiology at the medical center of...                    
view profile
browse all featured expert witnesses


real estate master planning expert witness





timothy l. unger
summit land partners, llc



timothy l. unger's 40 year career has been focused on the residential sector of real estate ranging from the acquisition and development of large-scale multi-product master planned communities, home building and the acquisition of land portfolios.litigation support - mr. unger...                    
view profile
browse all featured expert witnesses


construction project management expert witness





amin terouhid, phd
principal consultant
adroit consultants, llc



dr. amin terouhid is a principal consultant with adroit consultants, llc. he leads a vibrant consulting practice on construction claim matters especially in the areas of delay analysis, loss of productivity, claims for changes, construction defects, and injury cases.litigation...                    
view profile
browse all featured expert witnesses


construction engineering expert witness





makarand (mark) hastak, phd, pe, ccp
principal consultant
hastak consulting services



prof. makarand (mark) hastak, phd, pe, ccp, cris, is the professor and the dernlan family head of construction engineering and management as well as professor of civil engineering at purdue university. dr. hastak has been involved with the construction industry for the past 35 years providing...                    
view profile
browse all featured expert witnesses


transportation construction expert witness





thomas j. young, pe
founder, chairman, ceo
civtek international



thomas j. young, pe, has over 39 years of experience in national and international transportation construction, the civil engineering specialty regarding highways, bridges, rail, airports, harbors, and associated infrastructure.mr. young is a skilled integrator of the...                    
view profile
browse all featured expert witnesses


construction claims expert





richard j. long, p.e.
founder
long international, inc.



florida office:andrew avalon, pe, pspchairman & ceo8633 willow kane courtorlando, fl 32835aavalon@long-intl.comt: (407) 445-0825     f: (407) 650-3399long international provides expert engineering and construction claims analysis, expert testimony, project...                    
view profile
browse all featured expert witnesses


pharmaceutical product liability expert witness





timothy a. anderson, ms, mba
principal
the aquamarine group, inc.



timothy a. anderson, ms, mba, is a former fda review chemist with over 43 years of career experience in pharmaceutical r&d, quality operations, and regulatory affairs. a uniquely interdisciplined individual, he melds comprehensive pharmaceutical industrial r&d, business development,...                    
view profile
browse all featured expert witnesses


mechanical product liability expert witness





john ryan, bsme, pe
mechanical and safety engineering, llc



john l. ryan, bsme, p.e. is a mechanical engineer who provides general mechanical and structural engineering expertise. mechanical and safety engineering (mase) provides full service analysis and accident reconstruction of products involved in accidents. mr. ryan's services have...                    
view profile
browse all featured expert witnesses




















oral maxillofacial surgery consultant





armond kotikian, dds, md, facs
oral and maxillofacial surgeon
pacific oral and maxillofacial surgery and dental implant center



armond kotikian, dds, md, facs, is double board certified in oral and maxillofacial surgery. in the clinic setting, dr. kotikian routinely performs iv sedations for complex cases including:impacted wisdom teethdental implantsbone graftingdento-alveolar surgeryreconstructive jaw...                    
view profile
browse all featured consultants


forensic meteorology consultant





dr. david l. mitchell
consulting forensic meteorologist
met associates



dr. david l. mitchell is an authority on the numerical modeling of geophysical and atmospheric data with a doctorate in meteorology from purdue university. dr. mitchell has over 28 years of technical modeling experience in industry and consulting. 
dr. mitchell is a court qualified expert in air...                    
view profile
browse all featured consultants


wireless mobile communication conultant 





keith mallinson
telecommunications expert
wiseharbor



wiseharbor is a global wireless and mobile communications consulting firm serving companies, industry associations, and government clients. while wisehabor’s focus is industry-specific, their scope of technologies, commercial offerings, and issues analyzed is broad and expanding in line with...                    
view profile
browse all featured consultants


blockchain technology consultant





james mason bump, jd, ccfi
founder
blockchain expert consulting inc.



blockchain expert consulting (bec) was founded to offer cryptocurrency and web3 startups with sustainable business, strategy, and innovation consulting. bec is a thought leader in blockchain architecture, smart contract outcomes, various blockchain networks, including ethereum, blockchain, and...                    
view profile
browse all featured consultants


enterprise resource planning consultant





jennifer oldemeyer
director of innovation
panorama consulting group



panorama consulting group is a technology-agnostic consultancy specializing in digital business transformation and enterprise resource planning (erp) system implementations for mid- to large-sized private- and public-sector organizations worldwide. this highly respected...                    
view profile
browse all featured consultants


cannabis real estate consultant






ccim – ceo & corporate broker
safe harbour equity, inc.



safe harbour equity, inc. offers commercial real estate brokerage, capital advisory, and site acquisition services for the cannabis industry. safe harbour provides the legal, operational, and financial prerequisites for building sustainable startup businesses and view profile
browse all featured consultants


neuroscience consultant





bankole a. johnson



bankole a. johnson, dsc, md, mbchb, mphil, frcpsych, dfapa, dip-abam, dip-abda, facfei, is a leading neuroscientist and respected global authority in both psychiatry and neuroscience. his considerable education and expertise dates to the 1970s, when he received his first general studies...                    
view profile
browse all featured consultants


regenerative medicine consultant





rouzbeh r. taghizadeh, phd
president
kendall innovations, llc



rouzbeh r. taghizadeh, phd, has been researching, developing, and bringing to market cellular and tissue based products and medical devices for clinical use – as a researcher, scientist, entrepreneur, innovator, and key opinion leader. dr taghizadeh is a scientist, entrepreneur,...                    
view profile
browse all featured consultants


golf consultant





richard singer
senior director of consulting services
national golf foundation



richard singer is the leading expert in golf facility operations, transactions and valuation consulting. he has been qualified as an expert witness in cases involving golf course transactions, valuations, liability, economic potential, usual and customary practices and business plan preparation....                    
view profile
browse all featured consultants


digital marketing consultant





seth price
founder
blushark digital



an accomplished attorney and thought leader in the seo space, seth price is a founding partner of price benowitz accident injury lawyers, llp. the firm is based in washington, d.c., and covers multiple practice areas. seth grew a two-person law firm to over 40 attorneys in less than a...                    
view profile
browse all featured consultants



















why trust experts.com?



        since 1994, experts.com has been the platform for accessing vetted professionals across diverse areas of expertise.
        we eliminate the need for intermediaries or brokers and ensure clients connect directly with top-tier
        expert witnesses and business consultants. committed to excellence and value, we guarantee direct access to reliable
        insights and specialized knowledge, streamlining your search and retention of the perfect expert witness or business consultant.
    





                most visited areas of expertise
            







                top recent legal visitors
            




more analytics... 









selected testimonials






"i have gotten many cases from experts.com over the years, for which i am very appreciative.  please be sure to sign me up for another year at the same listing level when that time comes around. "

dr. thomas j. bergerheart of the matter expertise, inc.



"hi nick. thank you for the excellent service from you and your team. i continue to receive clients from my advertising with experts.com and your support is outstanding for the ongoing zoom training sessions. i would recommend expert.com to any expert professional and law firm looking for the right expert for their case.."

aaron t.  olson, m.ed.a.t. olson consulting, l.l.c.   
private investigations, expert witness and trainingmay 29, 2024



"nick, since you had been advising/supporting me on getting
my name out there as an expert in language/ linguistics--i finally got a bite thru experts.com.  i'll begin active involvement week of oct. 23 with a law firm in texas. the initial inquiry referenced experts.com."

margaret m. van naerssen, phdforensic linguistics expertoctober 19, 2023



"i just took on my first case since late last spring. i think it came via experts.com.   
so i haven't disappeared in the fog of covid time.
the attorney wanted an official cv--said the one on experts.com was watermarked
unofficial. i explained how i had been advised by experts.com to protect my cv 
in this way. the attorney agreed--good advice."

margaret m. van naerssen, phdforensic liguistics expertjanuary 24, 2022



"excellent service.  i look forward to hopefully finding the expert we need.best,"

richard w. hechter, attorneymorris law group, p.a.7380 finance avenue s. suite 250edina, mn, 55434www.morrislawmn.commarch 30, 2021



"i participated in a webinar with experts.com, shortly following my training as an arbitrator with arias; i followed up with the speaker because we had met each other when i was selecting a party arbitrator on an insurance premium dispute.  he was very gracious and we are sharing materials and our approaches to expert work.  we also plan to refer business to each other.  because the webinar was so good, i listed with experts.com.  i have listed with other expert websites and have never seen results so quickly. i think i have my first litigated case and it's in a new state for me, so i am very excited. my listing has only been up for a few weeks.  i also spent money on an expensive seo google partner ad this year which ran for months with no results. i highly recommend experts.com. "

jane marie downey, m.ed, armclarity concepts, inc.december 9, 2020



"i just signed up a new case in florida from an experts.com referral so thank you!

and a quick question: i just submitted a compensation expert report for my first case in singapore (or asia), does experts.com have any connectivity to asia? or do you know if asian based law firms are searching the experts database? 

best regards,"

frank carrmanaging partner
centennial advisory group
november 10, 2020



"good afternoon mr. rishwain,

enjoyed our brief conversation minutes ago. again, thank you for taking time out from your busy schedule to not only provide me with a prompt and thorough response to my comments to your october newsletter, but, also to provide me with a good walk-through of experts.com's website, specifically, my profile. 

having previously dealt with [competitor], i found your personalized response to my phone impressive and beyond my expectations! also, having dealt with [competitor] for a couple of years before signing-up with experts.com, i was very impressed with your website walk-through and the level of information the same presented to me to satisfy me that my investment in experts.com was a sound decision for my expert witness practice, limited as it may be!

again, thank you for your time and for assuring me through a convincing online demonstration that my investment in experts.com was and is a good decision for my practice.

best regards,"

eduardo fordcoldworks engineeringoctober 19, 2020



"dear nick, i want to report to you that i have just been engaged on a small case by an attorney who found me on your site.  this is certainly a much faster response than i expected!  while it’s not a large case, it certainly is sufficient to make my investment in experts.com a good one.best,"

theodore phelpsseptember 30, 2020



"i have been listed with experts.com for several years now and i receive several high quality referrals from my listing each year. a number of these cases have been high profile cases right in my wheelhouse. nick and nabil and all the staff are highly responsive, always on the look-out for cases that their experts might be good for, and they use social media and search engine tools that really drive views to their site and in turn to my profile when appropriate. i find their product a much better value than other listing services i have used in the past."

mary wickens, jd, cfe, chcfebruary 25, 2020



"as a member at experts.com for several years now, i am getting a continuous number of leads, resulting in more litigation work for my firm.  that is greatly appreciated. i also see that there has been very strong seo activity based on the last article you had published from me.based on the types of litigation i have been seeing over the past 2 years, i wanted to write the latest attached article, which i feel has substantial value in these seating, furniture, personal injury and expert witness related categories.in addition, i have had several screening calls with attorneys on potential cases and they have specifically stated that they found my profile on experts.com. "

leonard backerfurnitureindustryexpert.comseptember 30, 2019



"nick,
thank you for taking the time yesterday to go through the various analytics that are available on your website - very much appreciated.  i had discovered some of the information on my own, but you gave me a number of tips that dramatically increased analytic visibility.  the tools you have incorporated into your website are quite powerful.  it was extremely helpful to go through the visitors log with you because of your knowledge of the legal firms that visited our website.  i was struck by the quality of the visitors - exactly the audience that we’re hoping to reach.  many of the clicks were from high caliber law firms and there were very few irrelevant hits.  we got many hits from the am law 100 which we hope to leverage with the new graphics that we're creating in conjunction with top placement positioning changes."

dan rapperportrapperport associates, inc.view expert witness profile april 24, 2019



"i am grateful for nick rishwain and experts.com i just retained another top notch expert in my backyard at loyola university head of id. if you are in need of an expert i would go to experts.com and if you need help contact nick"

guy s. dimartinogsdimartino.comdecember 20, 2018



"during a recent transaction, we knew we needed the experience of someone with substantial medical law knowledge. we’ve known our friends at experts.com for quite some time so we reached out to meet one of their experts. nick rishwain sent us an article mary recently published on one of the topics we were facing. we spoke with mary and after a lengthy conversation decided to hire her as an expert to review the purchase documents. mary was amazing! her knowledge and experience helped our client make an informed decision about the transaction at hand, potentially saving him hundreds of thousands of dollars. we will definitely use mary, and our friends at experts.com, the next time we are looking for additional help."

scott m. welch, attorney at lawwelch law llcwww.welchlawllc.com august 20, 2018



"hi nick,
thanks again.  [an expert] sent me an email today asking me if he should sign up for experts.com and said yes.yes.yes!  he is planning on calling me tomorrow morning and i’ll give your firm a superior 5 star rating.  great service and you’ve help me with seo.in fact, we are now # 1 on google for:- 	securities expert witness- 	finra expert witness- 	annuity expert witnes most of the seo comes from our internal meta tags, etc, however experts.com has helped us keep a top position. many thanks for your continued superior service.
best regards,"

bob lawson, aif®, cfe®, rfc®, lutcf®
president & chief compliance officer
finra & nfa dispute resolution arbitrator
securities & insurance litigation consultantbarrington capital management.view bob lawson's expert witness profile.april 2, 2017



"i just wanted to say thank you, we did great work. here is looking to another great year. delightfully, the check is in the mail."

susan maccoywww.susanmaccoy.comjune 16, 2016



"i am impressed with the service at experts.com. i’ve signed up for several other referral groups but none have been as responsive and helpful as yours."

ellen boughnwww.photographyexpertconsultant.commarch 24, 2014



"efi global’s experience with experts.com has been excellent, both in terms of customer service and the visibility they offer to the companies and experts in which they list.   they made the listing process easy, having reviewed our website and determining how best to set up our profiles for maximum exposure.  they are knowledgeable on the latest seo strategies, and incorporate those things into your listing that will benefit your company the most.  most importantly, they provide additional -- and quite frankly, priceless -- exposure via posts and announcements in social media channels.  we have every reason to be pleased with our experience with experts.com and plan to continue our listings."

heather suttlemarketing managerwww.efiglobal.comjanuary 21, 2014



"sounds great! you have fabulous capabilities. i hope that somehow these help potential customers realize what advertising with you can bring about, and that it helps illustrates your company's capabilities. many thanks for displaying my articles…"

ned einsteintransportation alternativewww.transalt.comseptember 25, 2013



"if anyone can assist, it's nick (who is probably wondering if he'll ever get an "easy" referral request from me).nick, i've abandoned attempting to contact the other expert witness referral organizations, not merely for torture purposes, but because no one else came close to the time and energy you've provided us to date.thank you yet again,

michael d. finn,esq.the finn law groupjuly 30, 2013



" really nice work and great customer service. this is the best i have experienced. profiles look fine."

dan l. vogelfederal law enforcement expertmarch 29, 2013



"once again, thanks for the extensive pr plan.  i'm having one of my best years ever, thanks to the last case i got from you, so i have complete confidence in your ability to bring me more business."

dr. alan m. perlmanlinguistics expertjune 18, 2011



"nick and barbara of experts.com have been fantastic.  i have just renewed as i have gotten some solid business from my listing with them.  i found that they are responsive and always looking for ways to highlight my expertise by posting my articles and books on the website.  as someone who has participated in many media interviews (including cbs news, cnn, hln, msnbc, and the washington post) and written many articles on law enforcement issues, i am keenly aware of the power of marketing your expertise to the right market.  experts.com gets experts in front of the right people."

dr. richard weinblatt, the cop docwww.thecopdoc.comapril 13, 2011



"experts.com has been a great source for referrals for my expert services. my field of expertise is postal operations and postal-related crimes. many of my clients have remarked how difficult it was for them to find someone with my background. i get at least 10 calls or emails a month from prospective clients who reached me through your web site."

pete wade
decision validation services
march 7, 2011



"thank you for your excellent service! not only were you knowledgeable with regard to my request for an expert, but you were prompt as well.  the expert witness/consultant i retained knew exactly what i needed and has been a vital part of my case.  be assured our firm will be using your services again."

david rishwain, esq.rishwain & rishwain, pc january 25, 2011



"mrk medical consultants listed our services with experts.com over a year ago. the technical support that we received from their staff was extremely helpful, efficient and timely. i was new to internet advertising and they guided me through the process and helped me design my listing. we had great results with referrals and are signing up for another year. they are a great organization to work with."

susan youngermarketing directormrk consultantsview listing on experts.comjanuary 11, 2010



"hi. i am blind copying this to select colleagues and friends who i think may be interested. a few of you have heard me mention experts.com recently.  i want to let you know how happy i am to be listed there, as of today, and to say how impressed i have been with their customer service. they have answered all my questions and helped a lot in getting the listing posted. experts.com has built its reputation as an online premier expert witness database. however, i understand that it is also used by the media, librarians, and others who seek consultants or a written report on various areas of expertise. the website explains it all. 
if you are thinking of listing on www.experts.com yourself, or know someone who may be interested, i recommend contacting randy booth. i have found him to be consistently courteous and helpful, with excellent followup and he welcomes the additional business."

rose mary a. colorafi, ma, lmhc, ncc, crc 
career, educational, and mental health counselor 
new york city, ny 
(t) 646-732-3198
colorose@usa.net
www.linkedin.com/in/rosemarycolorafioctober 14, 2009



"within the first week of being posted on experts.com, i received an inquiry for consultation and expert witness work, as well as a scheduled and completed interview for a web magazine on parenting.  the international reach and power of this website is phenomenal.since many inquiries want to see your credentials, media exposure, and experience, experts.com posted my curriculum vitae, media resume, and media packet in my attached documents.  having been on oprah, 60 minutes, the today show, good morning america, the o'reilly factor (twice), and the local and/or national news shows of nbc, cbs, abc, fox, npr, and pbs, this was important to me.they profiled me in the features section right after i enrolled and featured my interview with sir george martin, producer of the beatles, which was on the home page of forbes at www.forbes.com on january 8, 2008, and which also was posted in the american business journals website at www.bizjournals.com. the staff of experts.com are incredibly responsive, answering their phones, and returning emails and phone calls almost immediately!they will work with you and guide you to select the best categories for your areas of expertise.  they answered all my questions when i first inquired about their service, and each person i talked to was warm, kind, helpful, and personable.from the sales staff to the webmasters to the administrators, experts.com has been professional, supportive, and caring.  i recommend them highly for anyone who can qualify as "an expert" in the myriad of categories on their website."

linnda durre', ph.d.www.drdurre.commarch 30, 2009



"even though a successful engagement with an expert depends  on the chemistry between the client you and the recommended expert, i find expert.com resourceful, committed, and readily willing to assist. i appreciate the fact that all these are given at no cost."

ugo iwuohaaccountant, financial/investment adviser & mortgage lenderjanuary 20, 2009



"by the way, several attorneys and paralegals have given your website lately as the media through which they have located us.  thank you!  we are tracking all of our advertising this year, case by case, to determine what brings in cases and what wastes our money.  yours is coming out ahead so far!"

joahnna d songer rn ccrn clncsonger, valdivia & associates legal nurse consultantswww.songvalassoc.commarch 6, 2008



"dear staff,
i appreciate your efforts in publishing my article on your web site.  you have exceeded my expectations. a special thanks to randy booth for his work in creating my banner.  great customer services!"

carol janse, clncvisit website may 30, 2007



"within 30 days of receiving a call, i had testified in court, the client won their case and i was paid promptly.  it doesn’t get any better than that. your operation works very well. thank you."

robert e. underdown aic arminsurance expertvisit website may 22, 2007



"experts.com is far and away my most effective web medium, producing actual contacts three to one compared with all other experts listing sites combined."

peter h. burgher, cpaexpert witness nationwidewww.peterburgher.com april 12, 2007



"dear experts.com,listing with your service was an excellent business decision!  i will renew my contract for the next year."

dr. dian williamsjanuary 8, 2004













‹‹ previous
next ››







follow us



















sections


expert witnesses


consultants


articles


resources


videos


blog




about us


our story


press releases


membership information


faq


awards


testimonials




contact us


contact


advertise


request expert


our facebook page


our twitter page


partner with us




legal


terms of use


privacy statement








home  |
blog  |
faq  |
contact us




© 1994-2025 experts.com. all rights reserved





 

 



;
    








