








panache events florida party rentals: chairs, tables, linens & more





















    the store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled.




javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.

                        for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.                    









event sourceso cool events
toggle nav




search




search






        advanced search    





search





contact us 









sign in

create an account


my cart




















 



                        menu                    




rental products   furniture   bars   tables   chairs   linens   dinnerware   glassware   flatware   catering equipment   trade show   flooring   staging   concessions   packages   sofas + loveseats  lounge chairs  modular  ottomans  coffee + end tables  area rugs  bookcases  pillows  room dividers  topiary  outdoor furniture  umbrellas  styled furniture  specialty tables  shop all  bars  back bars  bar accessories  tables  outdoor tables  linenless tables  table accessories  lighted tables  chairs  barstools  chair pads  sashes  shop all  blacks + silvers  blues + purples  browns + neutrals  golds + coppers  oranges + yellows  reds + pinks  teals + greens  whites + ivories  overlays  prints new items  runners  skirting  sashes  napkins  disposables new  linen accessories  shop all  dinnerware collections  chargers  specialty presentation  family style dining new items  crated collections  table top accessories  shop all  glassware collections  colored glassware trending  flatware collections  serving utensils  grills griddles + ovens  hot boxes + warming  chafers + heat lamps  cooling equipment  serve + display new items  beverage + bar  serving utensils  kitchen equipment & utility  shop all  backdrops + drapes  room dividers & stanchions  trade show meeting  outdoor  sanitation trending  dance floor  rugs  staging + steps  stage skirting  hot concession  cold concession  shop all  crated collections  dinner party packages  furniture groupings  graduation  shop all  what's new  resources new catalog   blog  delivery and labor  event pro tips  faqs  gift certificates  inspiration gallery  new product request  product catalog new  product instructions  rental terms  size guides  sponsorship form  about us   about us  affiliations  careers  client reviews  locations  meet our team  sustainability  virtual design center  book appointment  for sale   




                        account                    


 
























panache events party rentalspeace of mind for rentpanache events ensures that your rental party supplies look great, perform flawlessly, arrive promptly, and leave a positive reflection on you. planning an event does not allow time for extra hassles, so we deliver consistency, quality, value, and impeccable service to our customers.featuredgraphic decalsproduct showcasevirtual design centerget inspiredneed design ideas? explore one of our 5 categories below for some shoppable visual inspiration!
styled dinnerware
styled linen
styled furniture & bars
styled culinary
styled layouts
what our customers are saying"it is always fantastic! the sales team is incredibly knowledgeable and flexible. talking through what we are looking for and making last minute changes if needed is kind and very helpful. the entire process, from speaking on the phone, to the delivery and pickup is seamless and top-notch. we get quotes in a timely manner and really enjoy working with everyone over there.”• gavin what our customers are saying“i really love working with allison and amanda.  they are extremely helpful and knowledgeable about what my tastes and expectations are for my clientele and what you have available to meet my needs.  i also really enjoy your delivery crew.  they are always respectful, kind, professional and helpful. i highly recommend your organization.  maybe during busy weekends your inventory is depleted more but that's a good problem to have.”• kelliewhat our customers are saying“excellent!  the communications prior were great in determining what i needed and the delivery driver was very nice.  i loved how they talk you through the entire process and which options may or may not work for your event.  the quality of everything was great.”• whitney what our customers are saying"friendly and knowledgeable service. i liked everything! the price i paid absolutely matched the overall value and quality of the products. nothing needs to change, you're amazing!"• kristinaread all reviewsour promise
varietyvariety
no need to navigate multiple rental vendors: with over 1,000,000 items in inventory, panache events can be your one-stop-shop.  and if you don't see something that you really want, let us know by simply filling out our new product request form and our team will look into sourcing it for you!exceptional customer serviceexceptional customer service 
you can trust our team of certified event rental professionals to help you plan your party rentals and execute your event. we offer 24/7 customer support and are proud to have a 99% customer satisfaction rating.learn more about usqualityquality
from luxury linen fabrics to sturdy and stylish furniture, our high quality event rentals mean that you never have to worry. we triple-check your rental order to ensure that it is both accurate and meets our high standards for quality.staying greenstaying green 
when you rent event supplies, you reuse existing assets and lower material consumption. at panache events, we have also taken steps to reduce our energy and material consumption, reuse pallets, and recycle cardboard, paper, plastic & metal.explore our sustainability efforts
what’s trendingnew dining chairs, classic styles, specialty furniture… check out what's catching the eye of other party planners!
diamond back chairfeaturing a stunning lattice design on the back, this chair shines with a radiant gold finishcamille loveseatluxurious velvet upholstery in a rich mustard hue with classic tufted detailingmoxie barstoolcontemporary gold barstool offering a padded seat and backrest, available in your choice of white, black, blush, or navyboa sofaswanky snake-like sofa featuring rich emerald green velvet upholstery that radiates luxurylibby chairlight pink plush velvet seat with scalloped backrest for a touch of vintage charmleo chairfully upholstered in rich deep blue velvet featuring delicate straight-line stitchingwhite titan sofawrapped in luxurious white velvet showcasing delicate lines in a sleek rectangular shape

family of brandssay goodbye to the ordinary and hello to the extraordinary!panache events creates enjoyable, engaging and comfortable experiences. from casual beach weddings to formal corporate trade shows, our party rentals help to ensure an unforgettable event. we understand that simplicity, efficiency, and quality are key. that's why panache events has made it our mission to ensure an easy event rental experience. whether you need table linens, catering equipment, furniture, staging - or all of the above - our experts are ready to elevate your next event with the perfect party rentals.locations & contactscompaniesquick links
about us
book an appointment
careers
client reviews
custom decal branding
delivery and labor
event pro tips
faqs
for sale
inspiration gallery

 

led acrylic rentals
meet the team
new product request
product catalog
product instructions
rental terms 
size guides
virtual design center
what’s new
locations
miami, fl 786.749.0000
west palm beach, fl now open! 424 park place unit 103, west palm beach, fl 33401 561.833.2188
fort lauderdale, fl 2536 nw 19th street, pompano beach, fl 33069 954.971.8484
orlando, fl 407.906.0000

join our newsletter






                            sign up for our newsletter:                        






sign up












© copyright 2025 panache events jbk group, inc. all rights reserved. use of this site constitutes acceptance of our privacy policy.






































