



  








gdansk - local life | your travel guide to gdansk in poland, written by locals
 





















login



gdansk















tri-city triumphant! 

 photo:   great arsenal






 map places guide articles restaurants weather taxi 




local lifegdansk








gdansk is back! the baltic's golden oldie has a new spring in its step, and what's more, her two brothers sopot and gdynia are making sure that poland's coastline has more than one ace up its sleeve. if you're curious about branching off from the prague - krakow - budapest route, then the tri-city has much to offer the traveller. known historically as the powderkeg whose spark (lit by hitler) ignited the second world war, it was also in gdansk where the flame that signalled the collapse of communism was raised (by native son, lech walesa). read more 









restaurants

39






hotels

52






pubs & clubs

33






shopping

10






entertainment

21






culture

56






services

29





+ add place









upcoming events in gdansk






7th
apr


#exhibition



mon
7
									apr																	



39th international conference on...


 radisson blu hotel airport schipol

join the 39th international conference on psychiatry and mental health on april 7-8, 2025, in amsterdam,... read more » 


 




14th
apr


#other



mon
14
									apr																	



international conference on plant...

welcome to the international conference on plant science and molecular biology. join us on april 14-15, 2025, in... read more » 


 




21st
may


#exhibition



wed
21
									may																	



infectious diseases 2025


 paris, france

the infectious diseases 2025 conference invites participants from around the globe to attend the prestigious "6th... read more » 


 




20th
jun


#exhibition



fri
20
									jun																	



stroke meeting 2025


 paris, france

we welcome to the 16th international conference on stroke, neurology, and cerebrovascular disease taking place on... read more » 


 




24th
jun


#exhibition



tue
24
									jun																	



health nutritional 2025


 amsterdam, netherlands

the 24th international congress on nutrition and health, held in amsterdam, netherlands on june 24-25, 2025, was a... read more » 


 




4th
aug


#ballet



mon
4
									aug																	



grace smith


 ana crowne plaza hotel narita

 read more » 


 

see all










latest articles







history

the story of the solidarity movement



						updated 16th dec						•
						 10 min 
													•
							
							93											










history

gdansk shipyard: what happens here moves the world



						updated 12th nov						•
						 3 min 
													•
							
							19											










further afield guide

stutthof concentration camp



						updated 12th nov						•
						 2 min 
													•
							
							72											





more articles







shedding the stigma that the city is little more than a bunch of battered cranes in a dingy shipyard, gdansk's old town has been scrubbed clean, shined up, and stocked full of hotels, restaurants, cafes, clubs, bars and amber shops amidst the picturesque burgher houses that line its streets. beyond gdansk's old town, a gamut of wonderful destinations await travellers: the suburb of oliwa hosts numerous parks, a zoo, and a spectacular cathedral  en route to the hedonistic atmosphere of sopot's beaches and nightlife. venture into gdynia and you'll find some of the area's finest restaurants, a number of lively bars and more beautiful coastline. but don't stop there. daytrips to immaculate malbork castle, the dunes of leba and the hot sands of hel are mandatory stop-offs for those with a little more time on their hands.
whether you're booked to travel or you're already in the tri-city, gdansk life is here to help you make the very best of your stay. we look forward to passing on all the best information and advice about gdansk, sopot and gdynia with our guides to accommodation, entertainment, drinking and dining, as well as tips on culture and travel, the latest news and events and a fully interactive map. our language intro may also come in handy if you're keen to have a go at that tricky polish grammar! we really value your feedback, so let us know if there's anything you think we've missed along the way.
finally there's no need to stop at discovering gdansk, sopot and gdynia. explore the rest of poland with us in wroclaw, warsaw and cracow, or head down to zakopane for some mountain mayhem!
spring may just be the best time for visiting the tri-city. as the sun burns brighter and lingers longer, gdansk's old town is filled with a renewed vitality and sopot's main drag begins to come to life again. hit the beach before the tourist season really kicks off and you can still find a place to put a towel down. or use the longer days to enjoy an excursion out to leba, hel, or magnificent malbork castle. now is the time. you see that ice cream shop that just reopened? droves of marauding polish tourists are only days away... so nobody's going to tell you that now is the best time of year for visiting poland's trojmiasto; not with beach bikini season an insurmountable number of months away... but that doesn't mean there's not still plenty to do in the tri-city this winter. klub zak keeps it real, with their january dance festival being the highlight of the cultural calendar and a sure-fire way to raise your body temperature. malbork castle under a crust of snow is an exquisite sight to behold, or visit stutthof concentration camp which is at its most compelling and bleak this time of year. alternatively, there's always the warm kiss on the lips of a hot beer in one of gdansk's bars and cafes. in march, make certain to head to sopot for 'topienie marzanny' (the drowning of marzanne) festivities, whereby a witch is drowned to mark the end of winter. tradition demands it.
three cities, three times as much to see and do! gdansk of course is the most famous of the triumvirate, thanks to its long legacy as the prosperous german port of danzig, and it is here you will find the cobblestoned streets, medieval quayside and gothic churches that make the guidebook front pages. but just up the road is sexy sopot - it had its heyday during soviet times, but now this 4.3km stretch of sandy beach is once more poland's premier summer resort. and what about that neglected younger sister, gdynia? built in the interwar period, this youthful city is making a steady climb on the polish cultural scene. 

quicklinks



									sopot guide								



									sopot hotels								



									gdynia guide								



									gdansk airport								



									vistula river								



									skm								



									internet cafes								



									consulates								



									gdansk property & real estate								



									car rental								



									gdansk hostels								



									annual events								



									gdansk museums								



									gdansk theatres								



									cinemas								



									gdansk daytrips								



									goldwasser								



									open'er festival								



									gdansk nightlife								



									sopot nightlife								



									krzywy dom								



									danzig auf deutsch								



									europe consulting								



									market research europe								



									invest in poland								



									monaco property								



									poznan life								



									moscow life								



									zakopane hotels								



									careers with us								



									history								



									solidarity								



									gdansk shipyards								



									gunter grass								



									battle of westerplatte								



									defense of the polish post office								













									local life gdansk								

guidearticleseventsnewsphotosmapweather 





									places
								



restaurants

										(39)
									


hotels

										(52)
									


pubs & clubs

										(33)
									


shopping

										(10)
									


entertainment

										(21)
									


services

										(29)
									


culture

										(56)
									








									about & contact
								




										about us
									



										advertise on local life
									



										partners
									



											iphone app & pdf
										



											resources
										



										contact
									



																			+48 693 275 035
																	


contact@local-life.com









privacy policy | terms and conditions


						all rights reserved 2002-2025 © lifeboat ltd.
					





















