




center for the study of economy & society  — home













skip to content











search




cornell



cses






search 




articles
op-eds




menuaboutthe center
the center’s history
peopleinternal boardfellowsresearch fellowsfaculty affiliatesexternal boardresearchcses sponsored research
economic sociology lab
publicationsarticles
cses books
traininggraduate training
undergraduate research assistants
events & mediainterview serieslecture serieslecture videosop-edsseminar series 











intellectual leaders

welcome to economic sociology at cornell university. meet the cses faculty and fellows who are directing new talent and pioneering research in the cross-disciplinary study of economy and society. learn more


















economic sociology at cornell

in recognition of the excellence of economic sociology at cornell, the university established cses in 2001. learn more





















top-tier graduate training

cses seeks to attract and train the best and brightest of the next generation of scholars in the fields relating to the study of economy and society. learn more





















economic sociology lab

designed to provide training in empirical research in economy and society, the economic sociology laboratory focuses on integrating theory construction and empirical research within a lab environment. learn more





















lecture series

our lecture series in economy & society features leading scholars in the social sciences. watch a recent event and join us for the spring 2023 economic sociology colloquium series. learn more





























upcoming events
check back soon for next semester’s events! more events



recent lectures

playthe social impact of a changing world society, 1950-2024 – 5/2/24playremaking the university and economy in china – 4/8/24 
more lecture videos







articles
“the assembly of an american sociologist”victor nee“a theory of emergence: knowledge, rewiring and innovation”victor nee, sirui wang, and michael macy“specialization in the marketplace for ideas”sirui wang, michael macy, victor nee more articles



books
on capitalismvictor nee and richard swedberglearning by example: imitation and innovation at a global bankdavid strang more books





from the center

op-edexpect russia’s war in ukraine to continue into 2024 with higher pricesrhys williams




connect

x
facebook
youtube
linkedin




cses lecture series
join us 










cornell university




© 2025 center for the study of economy & society. all rights reserved.

the center for the study of economy & society is the leading research organization of its kind committed to the sociological study of economic action. cses focuses on supporting advances in theory and research on institutions, organizations, networks, cultural beliefs and rationality in the study of economy and society.


332 uris hallcornell universityithaca, ny 14853-7601

t:
(607) 255-1415
f:
(607) 255-8473
cses@cornell.edu




people of cses
sponsored research
publications
academic training
cses events




x
facebook
youtube
linkedin
rss



disclaimer
web accessibility assistance
cornell university
site map

site by zanzinato

back to top















