






welcome to jacquard products
























































jacquard products



home



products
-> view all products
body art
chemicals
cyanotype
dyes
ink pads
kits / packs / sets
paints / inks
pearl ex powdered pigments
printable media / fabric
racks / displays
resists
screen printing supplies
sunprinting supplies
tee juice markers
tools
varnishes / mediums
waxes



inspiration
community
galleries
projects
video library


forum



what's happening
events / workshops
add your event
product news



resources
color reference guide
cpsia / gcc
fact sheets
faq
glossary
detailed instructions
product demo handbook
publications
sales tools
sds sheets
site map


inkjet



about
our company
contact us
press releases
testimonials



find our products
retail stores
online-only stores
wholesale
add your store


shop















home/
products/-> view all productsbody artchemicalscyanotypedyesink padskits / packs / setspaints / inkspearl ex powdered pigmentsprintable media / fabricracks / displaysresistsscreen printing suppliessunprinting suppliestee juice markerstoolsvarnishes / mediumswaxes
inspiration/communitygalleriesprojectsvideo library
forum/
what's happening/events / workshopsadd your eventproduct news
resources/color reference guidecpsia / gccfact sheetsfaqglossarydetailed instructionsproduct demo handbookpublicationssales toolssds sheetssite map
inkjet/
about/our companycontact uspress releasestestimonials
find our products/retail storesonline-only storeswholesaleadd your store
shop/














































welcome to jacquard! the leading manufacturer of artist quality textile, mixed media and craft products.




home - welcome to jacquard products











home/
products/-> view all productsbody artchemicalscyanotypedyesink padskits / packs / setspaints / inkspearl ex powdered pigmentsprintable media / fabricracks / displaysresistsscreen printing suppliessunprinting suppliestee juice markerstoolsvarnishes / mediumswaxes
inspiration/communitygalleriesprojectsvideo library
forum/
what's happening/events / workshopsadd your eventproduct news
resources/color reference guidecpsia / gccfact sheetsfaqglossarydetailed instructionsproduct demo handbookpublicationssales toolssds sheetssite map
inkjet/
about/our companycontact uspress releasestestimonials
find our products/retail storesonline-only storeswholesaleadd your store
shop/






























































































 














connect with us






































we are always expanding our community...   like, pin and follow us!@jacquardsneakers — #jacquardproducts — #jacquardpaints — #jacquarddyes — #teamjacquard



product questions? we’ve got answers!if you have questions about product use or are looking for tips and techniques, our user forum is an invaluable resource offering a wealth of information… click here!moderated by technical product support, the forum contains thousands of posts relating to our dyes and paints / inks, as well as pearl ex powdered pigments, cyanotype, body art, resists, tee juice markers, varnishes / mediums, waxes and more. 













featured artist
mark nashafter leading many projects the self taught artist decided to combine his passion for creating with his strong affinity towards fashion to bring something unique and niche to culture; "artwear"















featured video
solarfast: an instructional videosolarfast: sunlight-developed dyes for paper and natural fabrics solarfast dyes are used to create photograms, continuous tone photographs, shadow prints, and ombrès on fabric and paper. solarfast is also great for painting, tie dyeing, screen printing, stamping, batik and more!















featured product
ice dyes6 new procion mx colors specifically formulated for ice dyeing! the ice causes the component colors of the blended dye to "split" and separate, producing an incredible crystalline pattern of distinct colors,















featured set
lumiere celestial setlustrous lumiere metallic paint covers well and adds dazzle to fabric, leather, paper and wood. they won’t crack, peel or chip, even on flexible surfaces like fabric, leather, vinyl or rubber. soft to the touch and washfast on fabric.















featured accessory
synthrapol®synthrapol® is an industrial strength, ph neutral, liquid detergent used as a prewash and afterwash for dyed or painted fabrics and as a wetting agent. synthrapol® also keeps loose dye suspended.















featured book
find your flow: a beginner's guide to alcohol inkif you’ve ever wondered what to do with your old wedding dress, bespoke bridal gown designer caroline arthur will help you rediscover its value and reconnect with your personal history with this uplifting boutique coffee table book.








gallery - testimonials





















"finally in my 7 years of using jagua for body art, there is a product which allows me to modify the thickness and scent of the jagua gel to my personal preferences. i love how dark the powdered jagua stains the skin, all completely natural and without the use of chemicals. jacquard's jagua products are a valuable asset for body art professionals and enthusiasts."- melissa addams, the henna mystic






















"this was the 1st time i ever used your product and i am soooo impressed ! not only was it easy to put together but the color vibrancy is amazing... i will never buy rit dye again! thank you for such a wonderful product ... your customer service also deserves a shout out as well. it is so rare these days to receive such promptness in my initial inquiry about your products. usually i hear nothing or possibly days and i means dayssss later...thank you again!"- marianne d.






















"my kids and i had so much fun tie dyeing items last year. we're looking forward to doing more this year. our shirts are so vibrant, and have not faded at all. we're so pleased with the results."- sherri m.






















"i called in several times over the past couple weeks with questions about the process of first time tie dying. i had insecurities and intimidation about the sock tie dye party we planned to have at my son's 16th birthday. i must say, it was a huge hit! i appreciate all the kind and helpful support to guide me on getting what i needed. we are now lifers of the brand!"- keesha h.






















"over 30 years of airbrushing i've used all the different brands of paint and they all gave me issues. jacquard airbrush paint is far ahead of them all."- ton jansen














    read more testimonials
  


















 


 






































home  /  products  /  inspiration  /  forum  /  what's happening  /  resources  /  about  /  find our products  /  bulk orders






































© jacquard products — 2025 & prior — all rights reserveduse of any site content, including any/all images, without express and written prior permission from jacquard products is strictly prohibited.  click here to request permission for image use. 





 







