


the humor project































visits through 02/17/2025






 

































download previous laughing matters email newsletters

















top ten list
  		  ten ways to infiltrate humor into your company or organization
















grimm and bear it

















reader's di-jest 

















some thoughts from joel goodman, founder of the humor project.













the humor project speakers bureau specials for 2024
the humor project's hoho (humor outreach humor opportunity) 2025 campaign is now launched. our speakers bureau has been very busy and has done presentations for more than 3 million people throughout the u.s. and abroad. we are going to redouble our efforts to spread humor far and wide (humor outreach)... we would be glad to explore the possibility of doing an in-person or zoom program, speech, seminar, workshop or other presentation for your organization or professional association (local, state or national).

the humor project is happy to offer value pricing discounts (humor opportunity) for any speaking engagements booked in 2025.

click on the speakers bureau link at the top of our home page to see testimonials and 30 sample topics (we always customize for each engagement). we have 100 world-class, content-rich, inspirational, humorous, motivational speakers. jest give us a call at 518-587-8770 to explore the program possibilities and to ask for the hoho value pricing discount. 
humor project popcast: mirthful walk down memory lane
started in 1977 as the first organization in the world to focus full-time (or fool-time) on the positive power of humor and creativity, the humor project's fun-but-not-for-fun work has reached millions of people in all 50 states and on all 7 continents. this is your best chance to walk, hop, skip, and jump down mirthful memory lane by clicking on 
humor project popcast. listen as phil kahn interviews dr. joel goodman, founder and director of the humor project... and enjoy hundreds of photos that capture the pioneering work of this unique organization.  enjoy! 
tedx talk on "humor prevents hardening of the attitudes"
dr. joel goodman is the founder and director of the humor project, inc. here ia a chance to experience joel's tedx presentation. click on  tedx talk on humor prevents hardening of the attitudes
humor and healing podcast
this timely and timeless podcast features a conversation between joel goodman and jeneye abele focusing on how laughter can help carry us through the most difficult times. together, they reflect on how an attitude of humor doesn't mean you have to be a comedian. the simple act of choosing to laugh at ourselves and see things with childlike curiosity and light-heartedness can give us perspective on otherwise overwhelming situations. positive humor connects us, builds confidence and makes us think about our shared humanity. and bonus, it just feels darn good to laugh. this podcast is part of a fantastic series presented by two wonderful non-profit organziations: beyond my battle and unfixed media productions. you can lend an ear to this 36-minute podcast by going to humor and healing popcast








sign up for free laughing matters e-mail newsletter
we would love to put you on the list to receive our e-zine. jest e-mail free@humorproject.com and include your name, e-mail address, and regular mailing address with zip code (privacy policy: we will not share your information). also, feel free to let us know how you heard about us or how you discovered our web site. we encourage you to bookmark our web site and visit often-- you'll find new humor, articles, interviews, and laffirmations every day. 
















one thing i've learned about humor is that it's never quite so funny as when your situation is almost hopeless.  you're dealing with an absurdity, and the humor arises out of the absurdity.  (pat mcmanus)

where is the humor in an absurd, hopeless, seemingly humorless situation you're now facing?

use the humor skill of reversal.  whenever you're having a bad day, completely stop whatever you're doing, pause for a moment, and reflect on some of the things that make you happy, and reasons you could be smiling.  it's amazing how quickly this can turn your mood around.



			the thoughts above are excerpted from joel goodman's
			 "laffirmations: 1001 ways to add humor to your life and work" 
			published by health communications, inc. 
			copyright 1995 the humor project, inc. 

			 "laffirmations" is available in bookstores everywhere as well as through the
humoresources mail-order catalog and online bookstore.













               home | speakers bureau | humor conference | humoresources |  about us      the humor project inc.saratoga springs, ny 12866518.587.8770please report technical difficulties only to:        


this page has just been cached
