


classic film stars by dina di mambro















 
dina di mambro's
classic hollywood biographies
 

ingrid bergman & 
  cary grant - movie story - september 1946
 

clark gable & carole 
  lombard - modern screen - march 1937
 
welcome to classic hollywood biographies. if you are an admirer 
  of the talents contained in the pages, i hope you will enjoy the photos, vintage 
  movie magazine covers and overviews of the lives of some of the greatest classic 
  movie stars from hollywood's golden age. with any luck, you may discover new 
  information, an anecdote you've never heard or have a misconception about an 
  actor cleared up. hopefully, you will come away with a better understanding 
  of the actors and actresses you admire.
if you have surfed onto this web site expecting biting criticism 
  or longwinded scholarly filmographies, then you are in the wrong place and should 
  probably make a hasty retreat. all the biographies contained herein are written 
  from a viewpoint of appreciation with more than a dash of sentiment mixed in. 
  
as little as 25 years ago, the images of these great talents 
  could only be found at movie revival houses or grainy copies on the late show. 
  with the advent of digital film and sound restoration as well as satellite, 
  digital cable, vhs and dvd, the details of their stellar performances are clear 
  and crisp.the actors' youth, vitality and talent have never been more touchingly 
  evident. we have never seen them so clearly and somehow it makes these legendary 
  and now almost mythical film icons all the more real to us.
versions of the biographies on this web site appeared 
  in various publications including hollywood studio magazine west coast lifestyle 
  and restaurant row magazine. all articles are copyrighted by sorry, you need javascript on to email me.(aka dina di mambro) and may not be reprinted without permission.
 


buy true hollywood noir by dina di mambro today!
 a tantalizing mixture of classic hollywood nostalgia and true crime, true hollywood noir: filmland mysteries and murders , featuring 100 rare photographs, is suspenseful, entertaining, and eminently readable. while viewers were captivated by the drama playing out on the silver screen, the lives of the stars of these film noir classics were often far more exciting. the film plots of these stylish black and white masterpieces pale in comparison to what was going on behind the scenes. uncover the true stories in a dozen different chapters featuring william desmond taylor, thomas ince, jean harlow, thelma todd, joan bennett, lana turner, george reeves, gig young, bob crane, natalie wood, robert blake, and mickey cohen. included in the cast of characters of the thomas ince chapter are william randolph hearst, marion davies, and charlie chaplin. and in the mickey cohen chapter, find never before told stories about ben "bugsy" siegel, virginia hill, and a host of notorious underworld figures. 
author 

dina di mambro





has written extensively about classic movie stars of the 
          golden age of hollywood from the time she was a teenager. her book television 
          series regulars of the fifties and sixties in interview {under the name dina-marie kulzer}(mcfarland publishing) 
          consisting of 22 in-depth interviews with stars of classic tv series was published 
          in 1992. in addition, she has worked as a research consultant 
          and provided materials for biography specials about carole lombard for the a & e network and e! entertainment television.
 
 william powell & myrna loy -screen 
  romances - february 1937 & french magazine from 1938 

 

ginger rogers & ronald colman - screen romances 
  - september 1940
 
jean harlow - picture play - may 1937

 
katharine hepburn - motion picture 
  magazine - march 1935

 
classic hollywood biographies



joan 
          & constance bennett

glenn ford 1990 interview

clark 
          gable
jackie 
          gleason
privacy 
          policy


cary grant
jean harlow
carole lombard
natalie wood
links






new - william powell & myrna loy


william desmond taylor - the unsolved murder  


ralph bellamy 
          1991 interview 


classic 
          film actress vintage movie magazine gallery - 1920s thru 1950s covers



 


book - true hollywood noir - 


 uncover true stories of hollywood mysteries, scandals & murders in a dozen different chapters featuring william desmond taylor, thomas ince, jean harlow, thelma todd, joan bennett, lana turner, george reeves, gig young, bob crane, natalie wood, robert blake, and mickey cohen. included in the cast of characters of the thomas ince chapter are william randolph hearst, marion davies, and charlie chaplin. and in the mickey cohen chapter, find never before told stories about ben "bugsy" siegel, virginia hill, and a host of notorious underworld figures. 



coming soon to classic hollywood 
  biographies: jack lemmon
 


from left to right hugh beaumont, robert mitchum, laraine day and deforest kelley.
if you live in or are planning a vacation in southern california, visit the award-winning long beach playhouse. the long beach playhouse, with both its mainstage and studio theatres, was established in 1929 and serves more than 35,000 patrons, artists and students by presenting 16 productions year-round. legendary classic hollywood actors such as hugh beaumont, robert mitchum, laraine day and deforest kelley once performed at the long beach playhouse which will celebrate its 80th anniversary in 2009. the theatres continue to offer new artists and veteran performers a venue to practice their craft and provide the community with exceptional entertainment
 
 


 

 
please use this banner when linking to 
classic hollywood bios - http://www.classichollywoodbios.com


 
disclaimer
some of the images on these pages may be copyrighted 
  material. these images remain the property of their copyright owners and are 
  not being used for profit of any kind. the images are here only for the appreciation, 
  enjoyment and education of classic film fans and students. these images are 
  for personal, nonprofit viewing, research and education purposes only. see "fair 
  use" in the copyright act, u.s. code title 17, section 107. if you own 
  the copyright for any of the images on these pages and wish to be credited for 
them or have them removed, please contact sorry, you need javascript on to email me.
 
 



  







 
 



 


 
more 
  than one million total visitors to the 
  pages of www.classichollywoodbios.com since october 2004. thanks for stopping by and please 
  visit again.
 


any questions or comments? please contact sorry, you need javascript on to email me.
 

 



