










all-inclusive st maarten family-resort | sonesta maho beach resort



























































































 warm vibes, cool deals: winter savings up to 35% off!






maho beach web cam
join travel pass
my reservation
online check-in
























resorts

maho beach
ocean point


destination
weddings
groups
tours
casino
spa
bookresort + air

maho beach
ocean point


bookresort only

maho beach
ocean point














 











sonesta maho beach resort






ultimate club
rooms & suites
all-inclusive
specials
our resort
gallery


























the island’s largest all-inclusive family resort.
enjoy the all-inclusive, fun-for-all-ages sonesta maho beach resort, casino & spa in sint maarten, located minutes from the airport overlooking famed maho bay.
the 420-room resort is set on a ten-acre ocean front property offering a variety of accommodations, first-rate amenities, and stellar personalized service for singles, couples, families and groups. for those seeking an elevated experience, the ultimate adults-only club offers exclusive top-floor accommodations with premium amenities and personalized service.

















exclusivity has arrived

discover the ultimate adults only club

experience unparalleled refinement at sonesta maho beach resort’s ultimate adults only club, an elevated sanctuary located on our top floors. elevate your stay with priority check-in and adults-only amenities designed for those seeking a sophisticated retreat above it all.

explore more







the resort features the signature oasis pool with swim-up bar, beach house kids club and aqua park, while the ultimate adults-only club provides an exclusive retreat on the top floors.  there are also multiple bars and restaurants, a pizzeria, café, serenity spa, casino royale, gym and over 17 indoor/outdoor meeting spaces. our weddings facilities are perfect for any celebration, big or small.
adventure and relaxation meet tropical paradise with a fun and friendly entertainment program, live music, daytime and evening activities, sunfit fitness and well-being programs. we also have great poolside vibes, convenient access to car rentals, excursions and the maho village — a destination within destination with shops, a vibrant nightlife and more.
whether you choose to do it all, or nothing at all, you’re bound to elevate your vacation experience from memorable to unforgettable.







exclusive deals

enjoy an unforgettable vacation with sun, sea, and sand. book with confidence, benefiting from flexible cancellations and unbeatable rates. discover the best offer to find your perfect fit.





maho march madness – save 50% on your stay march 1 – april 5, 2025. click here for more info!







warm vibes, cool deals
save up to 35% off our standard rates on your st. maarten escape! experience paradise for less with stays through december 23, 2025.

book now

warmvibes
book online, call 1.800.223.0757 (us & canada) or +1.721.546.6222 (international).
experience the warmth of winter in st. maarten with savings up to 35% off standard rates. with free cancellation up to 14 days prior, it’s the perfect time to plan your caribbean escape!

travel through: december 23, 2025
no minimum stay required
cancel free up to 14 days prior to arrival

payment policy: full prepayment is required at time of reservation and deposit becomes non-refundable 14 days prior to arrival. all payments due or cancellations and no-show fees will be charged to the card used in the reservation process.
general terms and conditions apply



promo details







save even more with resort plus air
bundle with flights and save up to 50%! enjoy better rates than our top promos, combine with 300+ airlines, plus option to pay over time.

book now

promo details:
bundle your stay with airfare and save more! with access to over 300 airlines, you can fly from anywhere to your dream all-inclusive sonesta resorts sint maarten vacation.
enjoy our best rates, a flexible cancellation policy, optional trip insurance, and a pay-over-time program for the ultimate bundled booking experience.
book a complete vacation getaway, including airfare, at sonesta resorts sint maarten and earn travelpass™ points on the room portion of your package. vacation smarter with us!
general terms and conditions apply



promo details







ultimate club launch special
experience our new adults-only ultimate club floors with up to 50% savings + 10,000 travel pass points. exclusive rooftop bar & much more.

book now

promo details:
elevate your vacation with the debut of our adults-only ultimate club floors, designed for sophisticated travelers seeking exclusivity, comfort, and unforgettable moments. located on the 9th and 10th floors of sonesta maho beach resort, this premium collection of rooms and suites is designed to be your playground in the sky.
offer details:

promo code: clubvip
travel: march 1 – december 23, 2025
book now through march 31, 2025
3 nights minimum stay
save up to 50% off standard rates
earn 10,000 bonus sonesta travel pass points
cancel free up to 14 days prior

reserve your spot and be among the first to experience this exclusive haven.
general terms and conditions apply



promo details







more specials







what our guests say







direct beach access and great customer service. they have activities all day for adults and children. good amount of restaurant options on site. — t. steward, facebook 





i highly recommend this place. great food and drinks. each and every employee was very pleasant. you will not be disappointed. the live entertainment was fantastic. definitely coming back next year. — p. fisher, facebook









more testimonials










my experience at sonesta maho beach resort, casino & spa was a really good one being my second time staying there. mostly due to the friendly and helpful staff at the front desk! in particular daphne was one who stood out! her personality, friendly attitude, and resourcefulness made things go smoothly for me from check in to check out!
the sonesta is located in a perfect place in the midst of casinos and other lively night time entertainment that you can walk to from the hotel! the rooms are clean and spacious and have drawers for storage, a refrigerator, and a balcony with a table and two chairs to sit out on with most rooms. — j. lowe, facebook





when we arrived, we were treated with such royalty. the check in was very smooth, my speedy, and most of all exciting. the service and amenities are impeccable. the service, the food, and the staff at all of the restaurants are incomparable!! — a. farrar, customer survey questionnaire





i arrived at approximately 4:30 pm and alexandre was very helpful in giving information about our luggage and check-in. he took our luggage to our rooms and informed us that he would be available to assist us with any questions we might have throughout our entire 8 day vacation.
the guest room was beautiful and very spacious with more than adequate accommodations. i was surprised by the glass window which allowed you to look into the bathroom and shower from the bedroom until i read the instructions for frosting the window! the food was excellent and plentiful!
my non-alcoholic drinks were delicious and the coffee was fabulous! service was good, people were pleasant and facilities were very inviting. we attended a wedding event. it was beautiful! please recognize alexandre for his outstanding and caring personality and a job well done!— j. rhoden, customer survey questionnaire





17 of us came to sonesta maho beach resort to celebrate my brother’s and his wife’s 55th wedding anniversary, jing’s provided awesome service and was able to accommodate the large group. the manager and her team were the best. all deserve recognition for there professionalism and hospitality. the hotel as always was beautiful. love the upgrade features in the bathroom.  — w. arnold, customer survey questionnaire





i have visited sint maarten for over 20 years, the last few visits at sonesta maho beach resort. the resort has beautiful grounds which is the first thing i noticed. i find the staff very pleasant and welcoming.
for meals i tend to go back for each meal to the same area, because i enjoy being served by the same staff (they get to know me and i know them.) i have tried all the different restaurants and enjoyed them all. each one provides something different from buffet to full service. i love the restaurant were you cook on a stone at your table.
the beach and ocean right on the grounds are fabulous, plus i get to see the planes. the rooms are modern and very clean, and provide everything i require. sint maarten is known as the friendly island, for me also included is this hotel as the friendly hotel. i am only four days away from my next visit. looking forward to a great vacation at this hotel! — j. pollock, google business





very nice hotel, very well located. less than 5 minutes by car from the airport and on the beach of maho. the service is pleasant, several restaurants on site for all tastes and at any time of the day. spacious and clean room. casino on site. we organize daily activities to satisfy the client. a convention space also available to organize any type of event, such as conference, gala, wedding, etc. an impeccable view of the beach that allows you to experience the landing of planes. a rather impressive image.
the buffet is plentiful. the pool large enough and always lively. a superb beach. also, if you prefer to go out, in the immediate area, there are plenty of other good restaurants, the large casino right in front of the hotel. i think it’s one of the nicest and biggest hotel in sint maarten.
if, however, you have the chance to spend a few days in sint maarten, i highly recommend this hotel and you will not regret it. without forgetting that the staff does everything to make life easy, from your arrival until your departure. oh, i was going to forget to tell you that your room key is on a bracelet so you can’t forget your key in the room because it’s always with you. for people like me who like to forget their card in the room you will love this option.
— i. richard, google business













 














subscribe for exclusive offers
be the first to know about our limited-time offers, irresistible sales, and exciting new packages. don’t miss out on your chance to indulge in unforgettable experiences at unbeatable prices. join our community today and treat yourself to a world of savings!


please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *firstlastemail *gdpr agreement *i consent to receiving promotional offers from sonesta resorts in st maarten, from time to time. we respect your privacy. *start saving today! 
















sonesta resorts sint maarten

1 rhine rd
maho, sint maarten
phone
+1.721.545.2115
reservations
1.800.223.0757 (us & canada)
+1.721.546.6222
reservations@sonestastmaarten.com



daily activites & venue hours




ocean point daily activities
maho beach daily activities










useful links




awards
press  / media
download resort app
recent media coverage
hurricane policy
travel with peace of mind
guest conduct policy
pet policy
maho beach live airport cam












follow us

followfollowfollowfollow

website




privacy policy
terms of use
do not sell or share my data










book now







© 2025 sonesta international hotel corporation



 




 






								×
							









 exclusive offers await!
be the first to know about our irresistible deals! sign up now and unlock exclusive offers.


please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *firstlastemail *gdpr agreement *i consent to receiving promotional offers from sonesta resorts in st maarten, from time to time. we do not sell or share your data. easy opt-out at any time. *yes, sign me up! 




 



 














































