




welcome to fig leaf forum - resources for christian naturism









home
about | tract | sign in


editor's message


my name is john kundert. i'm fig leaf forum's founder, editor, publisher and owner. fig leaf forum was a newsletter that i created in 1994 to provide fellowship, edification and encouragement for christian nudists and naturists. more than 700 issues were published during the two decades the newsletter was active.

i ended my publishing of fig leaf forum in 2014.

i ended my participation in social nudism in 2016.

they say that those who fail to learn from history are doomed to repeat it.

you can't learn from history if you can't see history. that's why this website is still here. it shows you my personal history with fig leaf forum.

i invite you to learn from it. i urge you not to repeat it.

things you should know
1. articles and other writings on this website explicitly authored by me reflect what i believed during the time i was actively editing and publishing fig leaf forum.

many of these writings do not reflect what i believe now.
2. fig leaf forum has never been operated for profit. i do not benefit financially — and i have never benefited financially — from fig leaf forum or from this website.


the gospel
without the gospel, everything else on this website is meaningless.

"i am not ashamed of the gospel, because it is the power of god for the salvation of everyone who believes" (romans 1.16, niv throughout).

"for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of god" (romans 3.23).

"the wages of sin is death, but the gift of god is eternal life in christ jesus our lord" (romans 6.23).

"by this gospel you are saved, if you hold firmly to the word i preached to you.... for what i received i passed on to you as of first importance: that christ died for our sins according to the scriptures, that he was buried, that he was raised on the third day according to the scriptures" (1 corinthians 15.2-4).

"if you confess with your mouth, 'jesus is lord,' and believe in your heart that god raised him from the dead, you will be saved" (romans 10.9).

"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life" (john 3.16).

help | contact | copyright | disclaimer | privacy




fig leaf forumarchive


sign up

sign up for free access to everything that fig leaf forum has ever published. please send a message to:



you'll receive an email reply containing your access passcode (passcode creation is done manually, so please be patient).

this is the only message you'll receive from fig leaf forum unless you write again requesting further assistance. fig leaf forum never sends unsolicited mail (spam).

fig leaf forum does not sell, rent or share names or email addresses provided to it by those who sign up.


