














music for business - official music catalogue for all businesses













































































call us (020) 7637 8800 media@ilikemusic.com



log in





about i like music

why use us


our services

broadcast
music for djs & entertainers
ilm
automated cue sheet
in store
education
production


prices
contact
log in
sign up



log in






invalid login details. please check and try again.
forgotten your password?



forgotten password

please enter your e-mail address then click the 'send me my password' button.
your password will be sent to your inbox.




invalid e-mail address. please check and try again.



e-mail address has been found and a password reminder sent to your inbox.



sign up for a new account






please select a service type
payg

education
musicmaster



please select a company type
broadcaster
production company
advertising agency
commercial radio station
community radio station
educational/student/school radio station
charity radio station
hospital radio station
internet radio station
djs
party entertainers
other (please specify)



please select the school/college type
nursery
state primary
independent primary
state secondary
independent secondary
college
music / dance school
university


please select..
gallery
restaurant
café
public office space
shop
pub
hotel
gym
other (please specify)














 i have read and agree to the terms and conditions


invalid login details. please check and try again.


please check your email for confirmation and login details.



please login or register to view this content.











music for business
official music catalogue for all businesses

view the most complete library in the world








our business music content services



broadcast
high quality production and commercial tracks for broadcast and media.




pay as you go
on-demand, high quality tracks for djs, entertainers and independent producers




autocue sheet
convert exported production edl files into a cue sheet for reporting




education
music streaming resource providing high quality tracks of all genres for educational use.




in-store music
fully licensed commercially released music for use in hospitality, retail and leisure. 




production music
add your music to one of the largest aggregates of broadcast quality music










about i like music
millions of high quality tracks across all genres and eras, fully licensed for businesses
i like music is an online music database with broadcast quality commercial and production recordings that can be auditioned online and downloaded directly to your desktop for broadcast, entertainment and public use. browse, stream and download from our catalogue, set up a monthly contract or download on the fly using our pay as you go service.

who we are
preview library
get in touch








view short video


 









a complete music library
dubbed ‘one of the most complete music collections in the world’, we provide broadcast quality recordings, including every chart hit since the charts began in 1952, and over 1 million tracks from 200 production music libraries
all tracks are in full cd quality wav format (44.1/48 khz, stereo, uncompressed, no encryption). with clients ranging from the bbc, itv, channel 5 and many popular radio stations, we provide an unrivalled broadcast and production music service. set up a monthly contract for your music needs and then audition, download and share music for your colleagues.

how we work
preview library
get in touch
























music catalogue for djs & entertainers
reliable high quality commercial music catalogue for digital djs and the entertainment industry.
free set up, no contract and instant download on the fly.
access and download on the fly, or stream a track first to check it’s the version you want. use our simple registration form to create an account, purchase credits, and download the music. instant access for that song request at 2am, or to build up a playlist ahead of a booking. credits never expire and the service is available 24 hours a day.

how we work
sign up for free
get in touch























music to power technology solutions in retail & hospitality
we work with all technology and provide a reliable commercial music source to elevate any background music solution.
i like music is the official master content supplier licensed by ppl and prs/mcps, providing businesses with master copies of more than 1.5 million commercial music tracks.

how we work
preview library
get in touch
























autocue sheet
an amazing timesaving, free tool, which will transform the way you compile cue sheets from now on!
create cue sheets for your programmes in seconds and for free, simply by uploading your edl file.
generate your cue sheet instantaneously, with all the required copyright information pre-populated and export in a format of your choice and in compliance


get your cuesheet









a music library for production
over one million tracks from over 200 production music labels
as well as commercial music tracks, we also host over 1 million production music tracks and are one of the largest production music aggregators in europe.  with over 30,000 music supervisors, editors and producers in the uk and overseas, submit your music for sync opportunities with leading broadcasters, including the bbc, itv and channel 5.

how we work
get in touch









for schools & colleges
the only commercial music streaming service, fully licensed for education.
a safe, secure and legal commercial music database for downloading and streaming for educational use. suitable for all levels of education, from primary to university level. brighten lessons and complement activities with unlimited access to a wide range of genres, including every uk chart hit ever, classical music, film soundtracks, jazz, folk, world music and more!

how we work
preview library
get in touch
























we’d love to work with you
we’ve partnered with a variety of clients on a wide range of projects, each with unique music requirements and perspectives. if you would like to get in touch to discuss a new business opportunity, we’d love to hear from you!


how we work








i like music social


twitter 


it seems that widget parameters haven't been configured properly. please make sure that you are using a valid twitter username or query, and
that you have inserted the correct authentication keys. detailed instructions are written on the widget settings page.






instagram 
…




facebook 
this message is only visible to admins.problem displaying facebook posts.click to show errorerror: server configuration issue










about

why use us
faq
testimonials



services

music for creators & broadcasters
music for djs & entertainers
ilm
music to power technology solutions in retail & hospitality
music for education & learning
production music library
prices, subscriptions & contracts



legal

licensing
privacy policy
terms & conditions



opportunities

let’s work together
submitting content
join the ilm team
automated cue sheet



contact
020 7637 8800
media@ilikemusic.com
















© 2025 i like music. all rights reserved
      i like music, 1 vincent square, london, england,sw1p 2pn      


























