









paintless dent repair & mobile removal dents vancouver












































 






skip to content


  



 











home
dent repair services

mobile dent repair
paintless dent repair cost
hail damage repair


faq
galleries

vehicles repaired by dents unlimited
before & after


testimonials
about us
contact us
 










search for:


 

















 
please schedule your appointment at our port moody location today at 604-469-9545 
please note our shop is open by appointment only 
 for our abbotsford location please call  604-328-9122 
 
 





why dents unlimited ?
the answer to this question is very simple. there is not another paintless dent repair company in b.c. that has the long track record of quality, experience and craftsmanship that dents unlimited has in the paintless dent repair industry! our 5 star google reviews simply proof it!






paintless dent repair cost
we can confidently state that any paintless dent repair that we complete will cost considerably less than the cost to remove the same damage using conventional auto body repair. the reason for this is simple – painting is an expensive process and paintless dent removal eliminates this process.






mobile dent repair
we understand that, for some people, taking their vehicle across town to a shop cannot always be fit into a busy schedule. to accommodate these people, we are happy to offer our mobile car dent removal service that allows us to deliver our shop to your home or office.





what exactly is paintless dent repair
just as the name implies, paintless dent repair is a method of repair that results in the complete removal of minor dents and dings without the use of any paint or body fillers.
our highly-skilled technicians, using specially designed hand tools, gently massage dents out of a vehicle’s body from behind the affected panel. the result is a dent free panel with original paint and parts intact. most dents are fixed in less than an hour which allows dents unlimited to offer auto dent repair as a while-you-wait service, at an economical price.
 







leave a reply cancel replyyour email address will not be published. required fields are marked *comment name * 
email * 
website 
 save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time i comment.
 

 






search for:


 

archives

november 2019



meta

log in


 








© 2025
         powered by wordpress  theme: masonic by themegrill 
















