








irish literary studies


















.
  




 













updates:



spring term in ireland, 2012: winter term syllabus
english
    352:  ulysses and the contemporary irish novel
lectures,
    readings, and concerts in irish studies at w&l
professor conner receives technology fellowship
    for ulysses project
w&l
    faculty activity in irish studies
honor's tutorial in irish modernism
irish harper grainne hambly performs at washington & lee
hear an excerpt 



welcome
  to the home site for irish literary studies at washington and lee
  university.  this web portal is designed for the use of washington and
  lee students and faculty, as well as students and scholars of irish studies
  from other institutions, and indeed for any person interested in the land and
  literature of ireland.   
take a guided tour of this web
  portal
 
  this web portal offers a
  wide range of resources in irish literary studies.  the heart of the
  site is the searchable database of over 3,000 images, audio and video
  files, and quicktime vr files of ireland. (click
  here to examine the searchable database.)
  this database includes images of numerous irish literary sites, sites of
  irish antiquity and history, irish landscape and architecture, and much
  more.  from these images, the site includes the following interactive
  web-based tools:   

introducing irish history:  a web-text
       (an introduction to irish history using images, sound, maps, interactive
       quizzes) 
virtual joyce:  the geography of ulysses (an interactive,
       annotated mapping of joyce's epic)
irish authors in the irish landscape
       (irish authors, their contexts, and their relation to place in
       ireland) 

·        
  spring term
  in ireland:  the web site for washington and lee's spring term
  in ireland program, including detailed itineraries, course offerings,
  discussion forums, and the spring travel
  logs, detailed narrative and pictorial accounts of the washington and
  lee spring terms in ireland, 2000 and 2002
·        
  courses in irish
  literature at washington and lee:  syllabi and descriptions of
  all irish literature and related courses offered at w&l

mapping ireland (an interactive
       cartography that locates irish literary history through
       computer-generated maps): 1) general full color map of ireland; 2) view map of ireland with selected specific sites
viewing the celtic cross (a 3-dimensional,
       interactive viewing site of the high crosses at clonmacnois,
       monasterboice, and other sites)
irish language and poetry 
       (audio and visual displays of irish texts and landscapes) 
view "introducing
       ireland," an annotated slide show

what washington and lee offers in irish
  literary studies . . 
this web portal is the home of irish
  literary studies at washington and lee, and from here students can access all
  materials related to the various course offerings in irish literature. 
  these courses include the modern irish literature course offered every other
  year, numerous seminars and focused topics, as well as the spring term in
  ireland program.   the spring term in ireland pages include a
  complete description of the program, as well as the detailed narrative and
  pictorial travel log of the first spring term in ireland, from the spring of
  2000, and the itinerary and 150-image slide-show of the 2002 trip.  from
  these pages, students can also explore other irish studies programs in the
  u.s. and ireland, as well as find a range of web sites in the multiple areas
  of irish studies. 
what this site will become . . . 
over
  time, this web portal will continue to expand and be of increasing use to all
  people interested in irish studies, irish literature, irish history, and
  travel throughout ireland.  this portal is designed and administered by
  professor marc conner of the english department at washington and lee. 
  any comments or questions about the material on this site should be sent to connerm@wlu.edu.  all materials on
  this site are the property of marc conner, and may be reproduced or copied by
  permission only.




 
 
 




