




metastar - healthcare quality improvement











































skip navigation

contact us























what we do

healthcare quality consulting
external quality review
performance measurement


resources

news and events
elearning modules


about

our values
our history
leadership and board
careers



contact us



main menu














a leader in healthcare quality improvement
optimal health for all
we effect positive change in health and healthcare and empower healthcare professionals, community organizations, and health care payers to make lasting improvements with a vision of optimal health for all.

read our blog
learn more about us
















what we do


metastar achieves impact by combining our long-standing reputation as a trusted advisor with evidence-based practices to drive improvement and accountability for quality healthcare.


our expertise in government-funded healthcare improvement combined with innovation, industry leadership, and operational excellence facilitates change across the continuum of care for people and communities. 



who we work with




government agencies




health plans




healthcare professionals




communities








services we provide

we offer a range of services to meet the needs of communities, payers, and health care organizations to effect positive change in health and healthcare.  







healthcare quality consulting

our healthcare quality consulting team works with healthcare professionals, communities, and researchers to redesign processes, deliver higher quality, more equitable care, and sustain positive changes. 

learn more







external quality review

metastar is an external quality review organization with more than 45 years’ experience with medicaid programs. we meet the independence and competence requirements set forth by the centers for medicare & medicaid services (cms). 

learn more







performance measurement

metastar has been conducting performance measurement audits and data validation since the inception of each program. our exceptional level of experience, stability, and success makes us the premier healthcare audit firm in the industry.

learn more









jan 15, 2025
blog

moving forward by starting with the end(s) 

read article
view all news











dec 19, 2024
blog

metastar: guiding excellence in 2024





nov 21, 2024

metastar: setting the standard for hedis® compliance audit™ excellence










“working with metastar has always been a positive experience for mahp. they respond to our questions in a timely manner and our audit timelines are met in a timely manner.”
medical associates health plan (mahp)

learn more


 






privacy
accessibility

© 2025 metastar, inc.


address:
2909 landmark placemadison, wi 53713
get directions



phone:
(608) 274-1940


follow us
















