






        honeyrock - wheaton college, il
    






















 












































skip to main content






 back to wheaton.edu


 


camp
gap year
college
graduate
more 





register
give
search




search
search

search

close






about plus



resources for faculty
meet staff and faculty
tour honeyrock
rent a cabin
give to honeyrock


summer camp plus



camper life
programs, dates, prices
financial assistance
transportation
registration


vanguard gap year plus



upcoming webinars
apply to vanguard
cost
gap year tracks


college programs plus



summer leadership schools & employment
wheaton in the northwoods (win)
chase leadership program


graduate school plus



m.a. in outdoor & adventure leadership
honeyrock fellows
graduate assistantships


donate plus



make a gift
northern light newsletter
stones of remembrance
beehive camper scholarship donation
learn more




quick links

apply for vanguard gap year
register for summer camp
apply for graduate assistantships
read the northern light newsletter
apply to volunteer at honeyrock
work at honeyrock
explore the honeyrock fellowship program


honeyrock center for leadership development8660 honey rock rd.three lakes, wi 54562630.752.7474honey.rock@wheaton.edu











        honeyrock
      


          honeyrock, the center for leadership development of wheaton college, exists to build the church and benefit society worldwide by fostering the development of whole and effective people through transformational outdoor experiences.
        
learn more about honeyrock







        honeyrock fellowship program
      


          one year of purposeful vocational discernment, spiritual formation, and leadership development for college graduates and emerging professionals at the honeyrock center for leadership development of wheaton college. 
        
explore the fellows program at honeyrock







        vanguard gap year
      


          do you know a student who's facing the "what happens after high school" dilemma or a parent who's helping navigate the conversation? check out our virtual information events for vanguard, the gap year of wheaton college.
        
explore vanguard gap year







        summer camp at honeyrock
      


          registration for summer camp 2025 at honeyrock is open!
        
register now!







        we're hiring!
      


          incredible community, meaningful work, beautiful place. the northwoods of wisconsin sets a beautiful stage for living in a christ-centered community and enjoying transformational learning. if you work at honeyrock, you have a heart for others and a mind toward christ.
        
explore our jobs







        cabin rentals and retreats at honeyrock
      


          your year-round northwoods getaway is right here at honeyrock! enjoy a slower pace of life while immersing yourself in the beauty and adventure that can be found in the northwoods of wisconsin. book your cabin today.
        
learn more about cabin rental and retreats 










pause slider







play slider



















summer camp








gap year








college programs








graduate school








cabin rentals

















sharing our new storytelling platform: explore honeyrock
honeyrock is full of incredible stories. stories that reflect how god has worked in and through this place and people who gather in it. stories that will make you laugh, spark new thoughts, and inspire you into new adventures. this is a space that honors stories and shows off the beauty of god's creation.
explore stories from past and present honeyrockers










"honeyrock is a beacon of excellence."
— mark heasman, former chief executive of christian camping international (cci)






900


              acres set apart for leadership development and ministry training
            






70+ 


              years of leadership development and ministry training experience
            






1


              leadership progression for youth and young adults
            



explore honeyrock programs for youth and young adults









invest in honeyrock
honeyrock is a non-profit organization and is responsible to meet all of its budgetary and capital needs outside of the wheaton budget. donors to honeyrock contribute significantly to keep honeyrock healthy and on mission.
give to honeyrock













stories from honeyrock
tap photos to read the full story.







read recent stories from honeyrock

check out the most recent stories from honeyrock. subscribe to our explore story page and stay up to date on all things honeyrock! no spam, no hassle, just stories about life at honeyrock. 





mark patterson's legacy of discipleship through horses

mark patterson, who ran the horsemanship program at honeyrock from 1985 to 2006, did much more than teach people to ride. he taught them about god. continue reading... 
 





elliot chan explores vocation and work during his vanguard gap year








wheaton magazine recently interviewed elliot chan, vanguard '24. elliot's reflections provide insight into the vocational exploration and formative opportunities within vanguard gap year. read elliot's story here.













read more honeyrock stories 

 








                                read the northern light from honeyrock
                            
the northern light is a quarterly newsletter written by our staff and faculty to share what's happening at honeyrock. from program updates to photos to alumni features, this is the place to get a look into what happens behind the scenes at honeyrock.

read the most recent northern light
                                












contact us


        honeyrock center for leadership development
        8660 honey rock rd.
three lakes, wi 54562



      630.752.7474
honey.rock@wheaton.edu





instagram









facebook















about
request info
give



 





















































academics plus


undergraduate programs
the graduate school
global programs and studies
conservatory of music
wheaton college library
faculty listing
academic calendar
all academic centers




cost & aid plus


for prospective students
types of aid
tuition and fees
financial aid timeline
for graduate students
student financial services
disclosures




admissions plus


undergraduate admissions
graduate admissions
pre-college programs
visit wheaton
request information
apply to wheaton




life at wheaton plus


athletics
spiritual life
student development offices
graduate school student life
wheaton passage orientation
center for vocation and career
kingdom diversity
ministry and evangelism
intercultural arts and media
housing
seek help and support




about wheaton plus


why wheaton
college profile
statement of faith
community covenant
leadership
technology at wheaton
museum and collections
after wheaton




contact

501 college avenuewheaton, il 60187-5501

630.752.5000
contact us

give to wheaton
human resources
campus map
directions
video campus tour


staff, faculty & student login


wheaton on twitter


wheaton on facebook

wheaton on youtube
wheaton on instagram





©  wheaton college



disclosures and privacy policy
emergency information
ibhe

















