





cgt movers | atlanta, brooklyn, & cincinnati moving company local/long-distance



































































home
about
have an inquiry?
 



















 



should you pay for professional movers and packers? 


cgtmovers 

moving company vs diy moving 


0 comments 


many people tend to get stressed at the thought of moving to a new location because it can be very overwhelming packing and hauling everything while remaining organized. there are several different ways to move to a new place efficiently. perhaps you have heard about professional movers and their useful services. the question “should you pay professional movers and packers?” has been pondered by many as they prepare for their move. you may benefit from a list of the advantages of hiring professional movers and packers and a list of advantages of a diy moving project. there are many good reasons to hire professional movers, and there are some advantages of doing the move yourself. if you weigh the pros carefully, you can determine if you will be better off hiring professional movers and packers or doing the job yourself.
good reasons to hire professional movers and packers
the first item to know about professional movers and packers is that they are well-trained, and, according to the company cheap miami movers, they may offer excellent package deals to reduce your costs.
if you know what you’re looking for, it can help you to determine if you will be better off, in the long run, to hire or not to hire professionals. the following are the benefits of hiring professional movers:

efficiency is a goal – the movers have the needed training to carefully and quickly pack up your items. they can offer their customers competence, and they usually have years of experience in the moving business and often have insurance. they can quickly and safely pack and move your items to your new location.
adding simplicity – they can cut your to-do list in half by making your moving process simple and easy. it will reduce your entire moving stress level down because managing a moving process is something a trained professional does best.
experience in proper packing – the professionals will know how to pack your items with care. typically they will provide the needed packing materials.


loading, unloading, and transport services – you will not need to arrange for the right size vehicles or try to determine the time frames because the professionals come equipped. the pros can evaluate what is going to be needed to complete your moving process. you will not have to plan and prepare because they will have the ability to correctly estimate and plan for the required equipment and time planning.

good reasons to pack and move your belongings
a diy move does offer some advantages to the person who is moving.

you will have complete control over your moving process. you will be able to choose all the needed equipment, and all your belongings will be in your hands only.
you can save on your budget. you won’t have to pay for professional services.
you can pack on your terms. you may be able to organize your belongings and keep them safe and assembled to your liking.
you will complete all of the planning and arrangements without interference or schedules.









 



where to find free boxes when moving in cincinnati, oh 


cgtmovers 

free boxes 


0 comments 


moving from one place to another can be an exciting and stressful time. there are a lot of things that need to be accomplished to make the move successful. getting all of your possessions from one place to another is arguably the most important task.
moving boxes are an essential supply for every move. sturdy boxes of various sizes will make your move more convenient and organized. there are various ways to obtain boxes from many sources. in the following paragraphs, cheap movers cincinnati (www.cheapmoverscincinnati.com) discusses ways to get cardboard boxes in the cincinnati area completely free of charge.

supermarkets
supermarkets are a great source of cardboard boxes. they receive shipments almost daily, and they have a wide variety of shapes and sizes, thanks to their diverse inventory. supermarkets have to dispose of a large quantity of cardboard boxes each day, so they are usually more than happy to give them away for free.
many cincinnati neighborhoods have multiple area grocery stores. you can call or stop by and ask an associate if they have boxes that you can have to help with your move. asking multiple stores will ensure that you can get more than enough boxes for your move.
large home improvement stores
like supermarkets, home improvement stores like lowe’s and home depot often have many empty cardboard boxes. these stores also have a variety of sizes, and they are an especially good source for very large boxes that can come in handy.
it is a good idea to call these stores before going as their supply of boxes is not as rich as a supermarkets supply. additionally, these stores are a good place to buy moving supplies such as cargo straps, rope, etc. click here for a list of cincinnati area home depots who may have free boxes available.
craigslist
craigslist is a great source for free things. they are an online classifieds website that is specific to each city. there are a variety of things for sale, and many items are listed for free. after their move, many people have many empty boxes that they want to get rid of. listing them on craigslist is a good way to help the environment, help others, and get rid of the empty boxes that are cluttering up their new place.
simply visit https://cincinnati.craigslist.org/ and search the words “free moving boxes.” at any time there may be multiple listings for free moving boxes.
friends
friends, especially ones who have recently moved, can also be a good place to find moving boxes. and, if your friends are nice enough, they will even help you pack the boxes and move them into your new place. though that might cost you lunch.
finding cardboard boxes for your move does not have to be a stressful undertaking. a few of the best sources for free cardboard boxes are:

supermarkets
home improvement stores
craigslist


utilizing these resources can be a big step in making your move successful and stress-free.








 



what you need to know about packing your apartment for a move 


cgtmovers 

packing apartment 


0 comments 


moving out of your apartment doesn’t seem like it’ll be much of a chore until it comes time to get started. in your time occupying the apartment, you may have accumulated a large number of items and need to decide what to do with them. this is what you need to know about packing your apartment for a move.

1. take an audit of your possessions
if you’re stuffing everything you own into boxes, you’re not packing correctly. as these movers brooklyn, ny indicate, downsizing with a move is a very pragmatic decision. go through your items and ask yourself if you still have a use for each one. if the answer is no, but it’s still salvageable, make a special donation box.
if an item is completely unsalvageable, you can throw it out. while you might have some emotional bond to all your possessions, a successful move can mean learning how to say goodbye.
2. find boxes for free
moving can be expensive, especially if you’re renting a truck or hiring help. another resource that can become unexpectedly pricey is cardboard boxes. don’t pay the high retail prices for new boxes. with enough resourcefulness, you should be able to get boxes at no cost.
ask local retailers if they have boxes from deliveries that you can use. you should also check to see if you have any boxes in your possession. your move might still be fairly expensive, but it’ll help keep costs down.
3. start early
the pain of packing doesn’t diminish with procrastination. as soon as you know you’re moving, it’s time to start packing. it doesn’t have to be done in one day. you can devote about an hour every week to moving. put on your favorite podcast or television series and fill up some boxes. on your moving day, you’ll be relieved that you took the initiative.
4. label properly
there should be designated boxes with appropriate labels for all of your belongings. after you’ve finished packing a box, mark what’s inside with a permanent marker or prominent sticker. depending on how many boxes you have, there might be a mix of items, such as books being packed with cooking utensils. as long as you’re clear about what’s in each box, you’ll be fine.
5. protect fragile items
items like dishes are prone to breakage if not handled correctly. as a preventive measure, you should wrap fragile items in things like bubble wrap and tissue paper. you should also mark them as fragile and not let other boxes be stacked on top them. it only takes a few minutes of effort to keep some of your most cherished items from breaking.

when packing your apartment for a move, you should take full advantage of any time and energy you have available. the moving process is stressful enough without having to worry about getting everything packed up correctly. if you’re moving out of your apartment soon, keep this guide as a reference.








 



how to create and stick to an affordable moving budget 


cgtmovers 

moving budget 


0 comments 


let’s cut right to the chase; moving is expensive. it seems no matter how much you plan in advance; hidden expenses pop up leaving you scratching your head. thankfully, there are ways to streamline the moving process and even save money too!
read on to learn how to make and stick to an affordable moving budget!
choosing the area you want to move to
one of the most important steps to take when moving is finding an area that you can afford. you may find the area you’re looking for in a matter of hours, or it can take up to a few weeks. rushing into a new home simply because you love its interior is never a good idea. it’s important to keep in mind that when searching for a new place, you want to have as many amenities as possible.
below are a few things to keep in mind when creating your moving budget:

a safe neighborhood
how close it is to your work
the location of your child’s school
proximity to shopping centers

in addition to amenities, is your new home convenient to work or do you need alternatives means of transportation? is it close to the fire department and a hospital? finding the perfect area is never easy, so it’s important that you conduct research and make sure you’re moving somewhere you can afford.

make a moving calendar
moving involves a lot more than packing your belongings in boxes. creating a moving calendar and detailed to-do list will save you from a world of troubles. remember to space out each task throughout each day and take things as they come. this way, it’ll help you stay focused and organized until it’s time to move.
in order to make sure you stick to the calendar and list, set up reminders on your phone and even leave sticky notes around the house.
pick a specific date to move
it’s natural to be excited and want to move into your new home, but without detailed planning, moving day can easily turn into a three-ring circus. choose a day that works for everyone. investigate when your children have school holidays and when your office will be closed. if possible, schedule your move at least a month in advance to ensure smooth sailing. if you have to move in a hurry, try to schedule your move during midweek when moving companies have no wiggle room and can accommodate your requests.
sticking to a budget is never easy, but it’s more than worth it. with the savings, you can focus on transforming your new home into a grand palace for you and your family. with these helpful tips at your disposal, you’re now ready to start your moving budget!








 



checklist for relocating your business to a new office 


cgtmovers 

business relocation 


0 comments 


moving your business to a new location can be a hectic but exciting time. a change of scenery will be a refreshing boost to the morale of your employees. however, the relocation of your business to a new office can also pose challenges if you’re not fully prepared. below, you will find a checklist of considerations to be mindful of while in the process of relocating. 1. confirm a moving
read more








 



how to make moving long distance with pets go smoothly 


cgtmovers 

moving with pets 


0 comments 


moving is an exciting time. however, it requires a certain amount of adjustment. it can be even more stressful for your furry friends. you may be wondering how to move with your pets, but it’s not that difficult if you follow some basic guidelines. here are some tips for moving long distance with pets: 1. talk to your vet before you take your pet to a new location, it’s a
read more









share us on social mediasearch


search for:




			search        



home repair services 




recent posts


should you pay for professional movers and packers?


where to find free boxes when moving in cincinnati, oh


what you need to know about packing your apartment for a move


how to create and stick to an affordable moving budget


checklist for relocating your business to a new office











































								
								    
            						copyright © 2025 | all rights reserved. cgt movers.
privacy policy
























