



barrel designs handcrafted wine barrel furniture tables chairs stools wine racks































follow @barreldesigns






a division of genyson, inc.






































			 





unique home furnishings and accessories
                  handcrafted from “retired” oak wine barrels






news flash              
            




























			 





			 





barrel tables
distinctive, 
                  functional, one-of-a-kind, tables from intimate to grand 
                  scale! each table is creatively fashioned from retired oak 
                  wine barrels and quality hardwoods.
[read more]









barrel chairs
using the 
                  natural simple beauty of solid oak wine barrels, we’ve created 
                  a distinct assortment of seating. their refined rustic style 
                  adds drama and warmth.

[read more]






			 





accessories    
                  
the perfect 
                  conversation starter best describes our wide assortment of 
                  wine and entertaining accessories. our design allows many 
                  pieces to easily move around.
[read more]




























			tell friend about site.














barrel designs is proud to present unique handmade tables, 
                  chairs, barstools, wine racks and other entertaining 
                  accessories, for your home, office, patio or business. our 
                  barrel stave furniture designs take on life and form from 
                  seasoned oak wine barrels and quality hardwoods.

                  each piece from our barrel stave collection is carefully 
                  finished to enhance and heighten its beautiful grain and to 
                  help protect the wood from becoming dry and brittle. 

                  the oak barrels are naturally hued from the wonderful wine 
                  once held. many have been toasted to impart the special 
                  flavors winemakers strive for in creating a distinctive 
                  vintage. this process creates a natural contrast in the oaks 
                  color and adds a compelling interest to the finished barrel 
                  designs furniture creation. 

                  we make every effort to preserve each barrels unique markings 
                  and original cooperage imprints, further adding to the 
                  interest and authenticity of each wine barrel design.







 



 
 




our goal is to recycle and transform as many of these romantic vessels as possible, making their beauty, comfort and warmth a special part of both your home and lifestyle.
                          cheers!
                          tyson and genine gilbert
 








[
                  accessories ] [
                  chairs ] [
                  tables ] [ 
                  links and stores ] [
                  privacy statement ]
 









			 


tyson and genine gilbert
10064 jerusalem roadrandolph, ks 66554phone- 210.414.6959  · fax- 425.871.4887
            e-mail- info@barreldesigns.com 
             





























  
 merchant services voted one of best texas hill country sitesthis wine barrel furniture site written, hosted, 
and maintained 
by 
huey productions.

check e-mails
 
 
 











