



  






indiana jones and the dial of destiny | lucasfilm.com



















































skip to content





















 who we are



news + features




leadership




campuses




our story




faq





 what we do



live action




animation




toys, books & stuff




games & interactive experiences




immersive entertainment




visual effects




sound












 productions



movies & series




tuskegee airmen resources




learning with young indiana jones





 careers



career opportunities




get in the door

























 who we are



news + features




leadership




campuses




our story




faq





 what we do



live action




animation




toys, books & stuff




games & interactive experiences




immersive entertainment




visual effects




sound












 productions



movies & series




tuskegee airmen resources




learning with young indiana jones





 careers



career opportunities




get in the door






























 



 



 



 



 



 



 




















indiana jones and the dial of destiny




released:
2023




director:james mangold





stream now on disney+

















the man with the hat returns for one last adventure. indiana jones and the dial of destiny finds harrison ford reprising his iconic role as our favorite onscreen archaeologist.
ford is joined by a rich cast, including phoebe waller-bridge, antonio banderas, john rhys-davies, shaunette renee wilson, thomas kretschmann, toby jones, boyd holbrook, olivier richters, ethann isidore, and mads mikkelsen.
indiana jones and the dial of destiny is directed by james mangold, with kathleen kennedy, frank marshall and simon emanuel producing. steven spielberg and george lucas serve as executive producers. john williams, who has scored each indy adventure since the original raiders of the lost ark in 1981, is once again composing the score.





i don’t believe in magic. but a few times in my life, i’ve seen things…things i can’t explain.


indiana jones





the latest









capturing adventure: behind-the-scenes filmmaker ian bucknole talks indiana jones and the dial of destiny
lucasfilm’s lead video content creative has directed the new and exclusive documentaries available on 4k ultra hd, blu-ray, and dvd.









indiana jones and the dial of destiny now available on 4k ultra hd, blu-ray, and dvd
indy’s final adventure comes home with exclusive bonus features.









indiana jones and the dial of destiny arrives on disney+
the famed archaeologist’s final adventure is now streaming.









telling a human story: director laurent bouzereau and editor jeff pickett discuss timeless heroes: indiana jones & harrison ford
the new feature documentary tells the story behind the story of indiana jones.









indiana jones and the dial of destiny comes home december 5
indiana jones fans will soon have a new treasure to hunt.









magic show: the visual effects wizardry of indiana jones and the dial of destiny
production visual effects supervisor andrew whitehurst speaks to lucasfilm.com about the summer blockbuster’s biggest sequences.









caves, castles, and tuna factories: inside the locations of indiana jones and the dial of destiny
from the streets of morocco and sicily to his own hometown, duncan broadfoot helped organize a global production.









chasing destiny: the villains and antagonists of indiana jones and the dial of destiny
actors mads mikkelsen, shaunette renée wilson, and boyd holbrook tell lucasfilm.com about playing a trio of characters hot on the heels of indiana jones. 









they belong in a museum: prop master ben wilkinson on the treasures and artifacts of indiana jones and the dial of destiny
get the inside story behind major new props built for indy’s final adventure.









flying lessons from harrison ford: ethann isidore on indiana jones and the dial of destiny
the exuberant young actor tells lucasfilm.com about following his indiana jones fandom to make his feature film debut.









indiana jones and the dial of destiny is here!
dr. jones returns for one more adventure.









harrison ford says goodbye to the man with the hat in indiana jones and the dial of destiny
to celebrate the film, the star tells lucasfilm.com about returning to the role and closing a chapter as indy nears retirement.









phoebe waller-bridge shares harrison ford’s advice for taking a punch on screen
the actor behind helena shaw in indiana jones and the dial of destiny shares some of the joys and wisdom from making the latest film in the adventure franchise.









“the chance to collaborate with my heroes”: director james mangold on indiana jones and the dial of destiny
the filmmaker tells lucasfilm.com how raiders of the lost ark helped inspire his love for cinema and led him to direct the final film in the franchise more than 40 years later.









lucasfilm legends celebrate indiana jones and the dial of destiny at us premiere
the man with the hat received quite the send-off as he embarks on a final adventure.









indy fans share their passion at the dial of destiny hollywood premiere
the once-in-a-lifetime event brought cosplayers and collectors together from across the globe.









new indiana jones and the dial of destiny trailer reveals story, action, and adventure
our biggest look yet at james mangold’s indy tale.









feature: the real indiana jones









the real indiana jones: friendship & sacrifice
only through our devotion to others do we reach our fullest potential.









the real indiana jones: courage & perseverance
indy's heroism stems in part from his simple determination to not give up.









the real indiana jones: fear & humility
some fears are on the surface while others run much deeper.









the real indiana jones: curiosity & creativity
the new article series explores the many sides of this one-of-a-kind adventurer.









latest video










indiana jones and the dial of destiny | the spectacle of indy












indiana jones and the dial of destiny | streaming december 1












indiana jones and the dial of destiny comes to disney+ december 1












official trailer | timeless heroes indiana jones & harrison ford 












crafting indy












celebrating harrison ford












the dial of destiny up close, a love letter to indiana jones, and more!












travel with indiana jones | lucasfilm lofi












indiana jones and the dial of destiny | spoiler warning












this or hat, indiana jones 101, and more!












explore with indy | lucasfilm lofi












indiana jones and the dial of destiny – a new discovery












indiana jones and the dial of destiny | map of adventures












indiana jones and the dial of destiny | behind the action












harrison ford reflects on playing indiana jones, new adventures come to the disney parks, and more!












the stars of indiana jones and the dial of destiny | u.s. red carpet premiere












indiana jones and the dial of destiny | john williams featurette












indiana jones is back in action, john williams performs, and more!












indiana jones and the dial of destiny | "mileage"












indiana jones and the dial of destiny | the legacy of indiana jones












indiana jones and the dial of destiny | the last adventure












indiana jones and the dial of destiny | official trailer











#indianajones









see indy and his iconic moves










a message from harrison ford










a look at the archimedes dial










what about snakes?










thank you for the memories










get to the theater










a new discovery










from one generation to the next










this or hat










poster gallery













1/20













2/20













3/20













4/20













5/20













6/20













7/20













8/20













9/20













10/20













11/20













12/20













13/20













14/20













15/20













16/20













17/20













18/20













19/20













20/20



























 



























© & ™ lucasfilm ltd. all rights reserved



terms of use


additional content information


privacy policy


children's online privacy policy


your us state privacy rights


 




























