







	home | graduate and professional admissions



























rutgers home
new brunswick
rutgers health
newark
camden
online
university search









 








graduate and professional admissions


search:






contact us
apply now











home
about us

about us
contact us
diversity advantage
frequently asked questions


explore programs

explore programs
search programs


apply

overview
before you apply
application guidelines
apply now
supporting materials
check your status
admitted! what's next?
forms


financial support

financial information
fellowships
graduate schools


events

upcoming events


information for

prospective students
international students












 

















helpful tips




contacting admissions
the fastest and most convenient way to contact graduate admissions is to use the contact form for your campus.




supporting materials
all credentials such as unofficial transcripts, resumes, and writing samples should be submitted electronically on your application checklist by logging into your application portal.






programs in focus








biomedical and health sciences programs at rutgers
rutgers offers advanced study in a wide range of medical, dental, and health sciences programs, such as medicine, dentistry, pharmacy, public health, nursing, allied health careers and many more. admissions for many programs are managed through the schools.



learn more >

















requesting official transcripts electronically
your program may require official transcripts in order to review your application. however, many programs can review your application with unofficial transcripts and will request official transcripts only if you are admitted. you can upload your unofficial transcripts by logging into your application portal.
    we can only accept official transcripts that are sent directly to graduate admissions from your institution.  any transcripts uploaded through the applicant portal will be considered unofficial.
if your institution is a sending member of parchment, escrip-safe, or national student clearinghouse, rutgers will be able to receive your official transcripts electronically. we also accept official electronic transcripts from india sent via truecopy credentials.
applicants from chinese institutions should request and submit official transcripts directly through chesicc. requests are processed by chesicc and will be sent electronically to the admissions office. you will not need to submit a paper copy of your transcript. visit chesicc to get started.
if your institution's e-transcript provider requires an email address in order to send your official transcript electronically to graduate admissions, you can provide them with an email address from the list below:
graduate admissions - camdene-transcripts@camden.rutgers.edu
graduate admissions - new brunswicke-transcripts@gradadm.rutgers.edu
graduate admissions - newarktranscripts_nwk@gradadm.rutgers.edu
graduate admissions - school of graduate studies - rutgers health - newark and piscatawaye-transcripts@gradadm.rutgers.edu
graduate admissions - rutgers business school newark/new brunswicktranscripts_rbs@gradadm.rutgers.edu
graduate admissions - school of nursingtranscripts_nursing@gradadm.rutgers.edu
graduate admissions - school of health professionstranscripts_shrp@gradadm.rutgers.edu
welcome to graduate study at rutgers


programs are offered at the campuses in new brunswick, newark, and camden. you can study on campus and off campus. and we have online programs.
explore your options by field of study, school, location, and degree. find out the requirements and deadlines for applying. use our online application to complete the process. we are here to help you through all of it. so start now!

learn about the many graduate and professional programs.
explore the rutgers program database.

already know what degree you want to pursue?
learn about the requirements and deadlines.

ready to apply?
read about what to expect before you start and while you are online.

trying to finish up your application?
log in to upload your supporting materials.

application complete? everything has been submitted.
check your status.

you have been admitted. congratulations!
what should you do next?



 











upcoming events




february 18, 2025
ru-n graduate information session (virtual)
february 18, 2025
virtual graduate information session
february 18, 2025
meet the specialty director: leadership and practice focus programs (2/18/25)







application portal
create account
log in to your account
pay application fee
upload documents
check your status
apply to another program












site map  |  graduate admissions:  new brunswick  |  newark  |  camden


copyright © 2025, rutgers, the state university of new jersey, an equal opportunity, affirmative action institution.
site map | follow us on:   









