



eureka springs hotel - best western eureka inn
















 










hotel information
accommodations
reservations
specials
groups
contact
home











call property directly:
1-800-221-3344
book a room »












eureka springs arkansas hotel lodging at best western eureka inn
the best location near historic downtown eureka springs best western eureka inn is located at the entrance to downtown. explore historic downtown eureka springs without worrying about the parking. eureka inn a centrally located eureka springs hotel located with walking distance of downtown eureka springs that offers convenient access from highway 62.  
                
eureka springs offers a winter & spring full of fun in arkansas!
                lots of great events happening in historic eureka springs during the winter & spring season for everyone of all ages.  there is no better place to stay for location than the best western eureka inn at the entrance to the downtown historic shopping district. reserve early for weekends as this is always a big time in eureka springs and a great way to treat your family to a special time.  spring is always a great time to explore eureka springs with lots of outdoor activities from car shows, floating the kings river, mardi gras & st. patricks day parades to kite festivals or hiking one of the many trails in our eureka springs city parks like lake leatherwood, and also nearby beaver lake where you can rent a boat and have a fun day with the family.


             
                 speaking of events & attractions!  be sure to visit turpentine creek wildlife refuge just south of town where you can see over 130 large exotic cats like lions, tigers & cougars that have been rescued.  the ozark mountain hoe-down is a great addition to your evening plans for some fun entertainment and live music. performing both contemporary and classic country, bluegrass, western swing, pop, and heart warming gospel.   so be sure to plan your spring trip early at the eureka inn which is a favorite season for visitors for many reasons such as the great value of the free full breakfast, large spa and fitness center and the 100% non-smoking rooms. shopping, hiking, dining at unique restaurants, ghost hunting and haunted tours around town and at area historic hotels are just some of the activities to enjoy.
 late spring & early summer are also the perfect times to see great passion play performances which last through october.  2019 marks the 53rd year for the christ of the ozarks statue which is the largest statue depicting christ in north america, be sure to include this wonderful attraction as part of youf successful vacation experience while visiting our historic community.     


eureka springs lodging accommodations

 take advantage of some of our hot deals available during select dates by clicking the link below. 


 your home away from home, eureka inn has comfortable rooms updated in 2017 & 2018 fresh linens, a large refreshing heated pool, jacuzzi and more. see eureka inn’s accommodations & amenities and read what guests are saying about eureka inn.
  
                
groups, meetings, social clubs & weddings
no matter what type of group you are bringing to eureka springs arkansas, groups love this eureka springs inn’s value and perfect location. a preferred favorite for church groups, motorcoach groups, wedding parties and meetings. eureka springs location near america’s #1 outdoor drama, the great passion play and the nation’s newest art museum, crystal bridges museum of american art make eureka inn the perfect place for group travel. stay in eureka springs, a destination all on its own. contact us so that we may assist you with your planning. eureka inn offers modern conveniences such as high speed internet as well as meeting and hospitality rooms.  arkansas motorcycle riding in the ozarks is a favorite for motorcyclist, the eureka inn caters to riders and provides arkansas motorcycle maps and suggested eureka springs motorcycle rides to help accomodate these needs.  best western eureka inn is the preferred lodging for motorcycle riders that are touring the ozarks and exploring on two wheels. find out why the eureka inn is the best motorcycle lodging facility in eureka springs.

free full breakfast in a eureka springs restaurant the gazebo restaurant!
all guests of eureka inn are able to start their day with a free full breakfast. this isn't a muffin or danish and coffee you eat on the run but an actual full breakfast, cooked to order that you sit down to eat in our gazebo restaurant.


 the world's largest hotel chain®




accommodations
amenities
groups & reunions
motorcycles
specials
weddings
area attractions
outdoors
meetings
info request
testimonials
restaurant
location map
virtual tours
event calendar
contact us
reservations
home




best western rewards®
best western









accommodations
learn more about our hotel, check our current lodging rates, availability, and make reservations.

our amenities »
guest rooms »
make reservations »
lodging specials »
meetings & groups »
weddings »



contact
call toll free 1-800-221-3344, our staff is ready to serve you. 

send us an email »
request information »
location map »



social
 tweet






site design: digital creative services



copyright. © best western eureka inn. all rights reserved.




