


storagesearch.com -  leading the way to  the new   storage frontier
since 1998









20 years - leading the way
to  the new   storage frontier 
.....






 top   ssd companies
..






ssd news
..






ssd controllers
..






rackmount ssds
..






military ssds
..






market reports
..







pcie  ssds
..






m.2 ssds
..








..




contact us:

editor@storagesearch.comdwpdfastest ssdsstorage reliabilityratios in ssd architectureraid, raic, rain, raise etc11 key symmetries in
ssd designadaptive r/w and
dsp ecc in flash ssds
..

.....








classic
ssds  from
ssd market 
history








aerospace, military, and industrial grade   rugged 
ssd drives by foremay, inc., secure erase, encryption
learn more about - 
foremay 


integrated with multiple 
patented and patent pending technologies, the

immortal™ series solid state drives are designed to work in extreme 
environmental conditions in military, defense, aerospace, and submerged 
applications 
military grade ssds from 
foremay


..


1.0"  ssds1.8" ssds2.5" ssds3.5" ssds1973  - 2018 -
the ssd story2013 -
ssd market changes
2014
 - ssd market changes2015  - ssd market
changes2016  -
ssd market changes2017  - ssd market
changes2018
 - ssd market changes20k rpm
hdds? - ssd killed rpmabout  the publisher -
1991 to 2018adaptive r/w
flash ip + dsp eccacquired   ssd
companiesacquired
  storage companiesadvertising
on storagesearch.comanalysts - ssd  marketanalysts - storage marketanimal brands in
the storage marketarchitecture
- network storagearticles -  ssd
 auto tiering
ssdsbad
block management in flash ssdsbenchmarks - ssd -  can
your trust them?big market picture of
ssdsbookmarks
from ssd leadersbranding strategies in
the ssd marketchips
- storage interfacechips
- ssd on a chip & domsclick rates - ssd banner
adscloud  with
ssds insideconsolidation
trends  in the enterprise flash marketconsumer ssdscontroller chips for ssdscost of ssdsdata recovery for flash
ssds?dimm
wars in the ssd marketdisk sanitizersdram (lots of stories)dram remembersdwpd - examples from the marketefficiency - comparing  
ssd designsencryption
-  impacts in notebook ssds endurance - in
flash ssdsenterprise
flash  ssds historyenterprise
flash array market - segmentationenterprise ssd
story - plot complicationseol ssds -  issues for buyersfits  (failures in time) &
ssdsfast purge /
erase ssdsfastest
ssdsflash memorygarbage collection  and
other ssd jargonhard  driveshigh availability
enterprise ssds history  of data 
storagehistory
of disk to disk backup history of the sparc
systems markethistory of ssd
markethold
up capacitors in military ssdshybrid dimmshybrid  driveshybrid storage arraysiceberg
syndrome -  ssd capacity you don't seeimprinting the brain of
the ssd industrial
ssdsindustry trade
associations (orgs)infinibandiops in  flash ssdsjargon -   flash ssdlegacy vs new dynasty -
enterprise ssdslimericks about 
flash endurancem.2
ssdsmarket
research   (all storage)marketing
viewsmemory
channel  ssdsmemory defined
software - yes reallymice and storagemilitary storagenewsnotebook ssds -
timelineoptical
storage drivespata
ssdspcie  ssdspetabyte ssd roadmappower loss -
sudden in ssdspower, speed and
strength   in ssd brandspr agencies - storage and
ssdprocessors
in ssd controllersrackmount ssdsraid systems (incl raic raise
etc)ram
cache ratios in flash ssdsram memory chips ram  ssdsram ssds versus flash
ssdsratios in ssd
design architecturerazzle
dazzling flash carereliability - ssd /
storagerpm and  
hard drive spin speedssas ssdssata  ssdsscsi ssds - legacy parallelsecurityservices
softwaresymmetry  in ssd designtape libraries
test equipmenttop 20  ssd companiestrainingtuning sans with ssdsusb storage user value
propositions for ssdsvcs in ssdsvcs in storage  -   2000 to
2012videos -
about ssdszsolt kerekes -
(editor linkedin)


..










..
the ssd market isn't scared of
mice. but
mice aren't the only animals you can find  in ssd brands. there are
many other  examples
of animal brands in ssd as you can see in this collected article.and
before the ssd market became the most important factor in the storage market
there were also many
animals to be
found in other types of storage too.


..


storagesearch.com is  published by 
acsl founded in
1991. © 1992 to 2018 all rights reserved.  	editor's
note:- i currently talk to  more than 600 makers of ssds and another 100
or so companies which are  closely enmeshed around  the ssd ecosphere. most
of these ssd companies (but by no means  all) are    profiled here on  the mouse
site.   i still learn about new ssd companies every week, including
many in stealth mode.  if you're interested in the growing 
big picture of  
the ssd market  canvass - storagesearch will help you along the way. 
many ssd company ceos read our site too - and say they value our thought leading
ssd content - even when we say something that's not always comfortable to hear. 
i hope you'll find it it useful too.privacy policies.  we
never compile email lists  from this web site, not for our  own use nor anyone
else's, and we never ask you to log-in to read any of our own  content on this
web site.  we don't do pop-ups or pop-unders nor blocker ads  and we
don't place cookies in your computer.    we've been publishing on the web since
1996 and these have always been the principles we adhere to.











ssd year 2018?3 things which have already happened and 1 which
hasn't yet by
zsolt kerekes,
editor -  storagesearch.com - november 12,  2018




.


at this time of
year megabyte sets aside   more time for  reading and re-reading 
articles about ssdsis there an easy way to summarize
the main developments in the ssd market of 2018 already? in
past years
such articles  have    been  publishable   from around the start of november.
and with a few cosmetic  edits  those past summaries have generally withstood
the test of time. but  the closing months of  the calendar  aren't as
non eventful as that suggests - and every now and again - vendors have used the
news snooze of the holidays to perform 
acquisitions.
here are some examples.

december 2011
- apple acquired  anobit (a pioneer in
dsp ecc flash
controller ip).

december 2012
- samsung acquired nvelo (a flash caching software company).

december 2013
- lsi agreed to be acquired by avago technologies.  

december 2014
- western digital acquired skyera.

december 2015
- network appliance agreed to acquire solidfire.

december 2018 - this hasn't happened yet - and is the "1" which i
referred to in my headlineso on the subject of  writing year end
summaries of the ssd market -  it's more accurate to say that -  generally in
recent years - it has been possible to capture all the major
trends in such articles before all 12 months had elapsed. and  looking ahead - 
if there isn't an acquisition story in the december 2018 news - then you should
watch out for a note of one having been quietly done in  january 2019.so
- what can we say did happen  in  ssd year 2018?for the essential  
month by month details you can see the ssd news archive pages below.




ssd year
2018 - month by month

january 
february
march
april 
may
june

july
august
september
october
november
december

but i didn't need to revisit any those pages to
write my shortlist - of 3 things - which goes likes this.
3 things in ssd year 2018
1 - international trade barriersin 2018 - the free flow of memory and
ssd products between the us and china which had characterized business trends
since the start of the  modern era of  ssds - came to an end. a
growing set of patent disputes, government  embargoes and the  background 
worldwide babble  of  trade wars  (related to   other countries - not just
involving the us and china -  and related to  other types of products too)
created market conditions for memory and ssd companies in which the mood of 
doing business in 2019/2020 is expected to be different to how things had worked
before.will this affect prices? we saw the ssd market
survive and thrive when the costs of memory doubled during the
2017
memory shortages. set against that market robustness and expectations of
falling prices
again  (the way they used to be)    -   then i think  tariff barriers won't have
a damaging effect on prices.will trade barriers affect ssd company
prospects?yes - but it's a mixed picture. sme companies 
(whose business models  leveraged the     freedom    of  micro managing
international differences in  the  costs of assembling  products) will see
initial setbacks and will have to redraw their supply chain maps.on
the other hand  -  there will   be  new opportunities  for smaller companies
arising  from  a trading climate in which there is  more local   protection from
locked out  dominant   international  competitors.. and companies
which  operate  outside the disputed hot spots  - will see opportunities to
service markets in which they would have been uncompetitive  before.
 2 - memory cost outlookin the 4th quarter of 2018 - the imbalance
between supply and demand of  traditional memory products (nand flash and dram)
which had for 2  years  flipped the price per bit  curve outlook upwards  from
its historically
established  downwards direction - looked like it was getting ready to flip back
again - according to price trends being reported by leading
market reporters.looked
at in isolation - it would be reasonable to expect that the memory industry's
ability  to ship more products in 2019  -  than it could when still dealing with
the overhang of yield issues related to the  structural switch  away from  the
last significant  generation of 2d scaling   - would inevitably lead towards
expectations of lower prices.however  -  the impact of trade wars
introduces  new variables into the cost outlook for  memory systems. the
interplay between the industry's ability to manufacture traditional memory
products - compared to the growing difficulties of  legally shipping them into
traditional geographic markets will create a rich vein of  source  material for
ssd bloggers in 2019.
3 - memory defined processingbecause
standards organizations
have traditionally taken so long to say anything meaningful about the  past
disruptive  trends in the modern era of ssds (such as the gap between the 
proprietary  pcie ssd market invasion of  the server market   and  its taming by
 the unifying  language of   nvme)  you know that when a standards org
intervenes in this market - then  something has really happened.so  in
2018 when snia said it was interested in getting involved in talks about taming
the computational storage market - then that was another one of those things.but
a problem for the industry - which  hasn't been solved yet in 2018 - is what to
call this thing. i 've touched upon it each time a news story has
appeared on these pages and the
ssd jargon page
includes some (but by no means all) the examples which have been used by various
companies which have implemented products.

in-situ processing
processing in memory
computational storage
in-memory computing (historically  means something different  - but is
starting to sound like its  meaning should change)this is one of those
subjects - like the original adoption of ssds - about which we already know a
lot - except what to call it. it intersects with many other top level
views of memoryfication architecture. you can describe  it as one of
the eleven  ssd
design symmetries - specifically -  "adaptive intelligence flow
symmetry". or you can say it's a variation of the data 
industry's creative use of
controllernomics
- whereby any data whose latency is beyond the here and now in this chip -
whether due to media speeds or distance and the speed of light -  requires a
local intelligent agent which can do useful things at our remote bidding.but
the concept still lacks a universally agreed name. and by "universal"
i mean a term which is usable whether the memory is an ssd or ram array - and
whether the local intelligence is an ssd controller, fpga, asic or other
acceleration engine.in my headline  above - i used the words "memory
defined processing". i wasn't being provocative in offering that. i don't
think it will stick. but real concepts need acceptible words. and just as
memory
defined software was a temporary placeholder in a blog for  a real market
concept - even if the words seem as if they are in the wrong places. i think
that 2018 is the year that the concept of  memory defined processing was crying
out for a better name than it had received so far.see also:-
2018 timeline and
permalink for this article

....








strategic bifurcations in ssd market history4   ways to split ssd
history into  "before and after"   to    understand   now
by
zsolt kerekes,
editor -  storagesearch.com -  october 29,  2018






.


we're  going to
add the comments to the source code laterwhen
i published the first version of my  popular article 
charting the
rise of the ssd market  in october 2004
it
wasn't the long rambling messily formatted historical narrative which you see
today.in 2004  i and my readers in the ssd market had already lit the
fuse for the market explosion  which i predicted would inevitably follow - based
on a market adoption and "why buy ssds" user value propositions which
were  completely different to anything which the industry had thought about
before. i was too busy then changing all my plans to reduce my
editorial coverage  of all other    storage subjects to focus all my energies on
the ssd market. i was more interested in the
future than the
past. and i wondered if i'd be able to keep up with tracking  market and making
a difference to it.

so in 2006 when when i was looking ahead at my
predictions about the growing number of ssd companies which no one had heard of 
(and which would need  a
new series called
the top ssd companies) i realized that ssds  was a market without a reliably
written  history. how would newcomers understand it?  and we needed
those newcomers to make the market work. and they  as early adopters were
already facing a big barrier of challenging intertwined technical issues in
processors, memory, storage and software which was did not have any clear 
centralized ownership.due to my past experience with another growing
market before that -  
sparc systems  
- the quickest way to write the first draft of history is to repurpose
news stories
you've already written into a simple timeline.  so in october 2006 my
charting the rise of the ssd market article was repurposed  to look a bit like
the history article today. you can see that version
here.and
after  that quick and dirty first version of ssd market history (based on what i
had experienced first hand)    i   continued to be busy writing about current
and forward looking stuff. so  my history article just became a dumping ground
for adding more stories each year. it also became a fertile source
from which other publications extracted timelines and sometimes entire  clumps
of text. irritating for me    that so few acknowledged what their source was -
but hey that's the internet.interpeting ssd history on a rolling
basissomething which every market analyst and editor does at many
times in their working lives (if  they're any good  is to try and interpret for
their readers  how news stories relate  to the emerging  market context. that's
how we get all those end of year "looking back" and predictive "looking
foward" articles which seasonally become increasingly common  as december
draws nearer. i was doing exactly the same kind of thing and in some
years i would confidently assert "this will be or has been the year of such
and such important emerging trend". so i added those into my
history article too.
and because i care about authenticity (and because i was simply short
of time) i just cut and pasted those present tense analyses into the growing
narrative - whether they were right or wrong - was another matter.which
is how we get to this point here.as i'm retiring from such
active involvement in the ssd market in 2019  (which may already have happened
by the time you read this) i was looking back at  ssd history and asking myself
- is there a story which i can wrap around the past 40 years of rambling
anecdotes and an interpretation which  might help a modern reader to appreciate
what happened - without having to know all the details?that was my
eureka moment - when i realized - i've been doing the same kind of thing to
explain ssd controller
architectures, and
memory caching
ratios and design
symmetries etc for many years. and   technology experts who know far more
than me about what goes on inside semiconductors and systems have told me they
found  my simple splits of architecture into different sets have been handy ways
of thinking about stuff. so how to split ssd history?here
are my 4 proposed strategic splits.





split 1
before and after the modern era of ssdsbefore the modern era - the
enterprise ssd market wasn't a sticky market. after the modern era -
it was. and the only thing likely to replace an enterprise ssd was
another ssd or memory system.in my article
celebrating the
first decade  of the modern era of ssds i placed the tipping point at around
2003.before the modern era -  even if an end user had deployed
ssd accelerators to fix performance problems in one key application the balance
of probability was that for future applications the users would turn back again
to legacy solutions such as faster clocked servers and storage.  but those
legacy options stopped getting faster in a series of steps:-

hard drives
stopped getting faster random access times after 2000 - when rpm stopped at 15k
rpm - see
zero rpm ssds killed the 20k hdd

server dram access times stopped getting faster in 2000 - due partly to the
growing complexity and
indeterminate
latency of memory controllers in complex multi-core processors and a
preference indicated by server designers for higher capacity ram and caps on 
power consumption.

server processor makers  had begun  telling  me in 2000 that future clock
speeds couldn't keep growing in the same kind of way which had been an
associated assumption of semiconductor design shrinks and moore's law since the
start of the microprocessor era. for processors this aspect  of
moore's law (incrementally  faster clock speeds) broke in 2000 to 2003.   i
wrote about this problem in a spoof article april 1, 2002 -
hotserver
technologies announces the 3ghz hotsparc 9000 and more strogly later -
why sun should
acquire an ssd company (may 2004) in the sparc product directory.i
didn't realize in 2000  that clock speeds would stay  at the same kind of speed
limits for the next 20 years. but the good thing about the   failure
of these legacy markets to deliver  ever faster solutions was  it forced  more
people to look at ssds - despite the steep  initial learning curves involved.






split 2
before and after fusion-ioin
september 2007 -
fusion-io launched
the iodrive - a pcie form factor flash ssd with upto 640gb capacity and 100k
iops performance. that event created  the
pcie ssd market which
soon after  became a key   focal point for innovations in enterprise ssd
architecture and  ssd systems software  due to the combined efforts of  the many
competitors which entered    that market.there are many   strands  of
ssd market  history associated with fusion-io. in this article about strategic
bifurcations  i'm just going to mention 2 of them.ssds became
must-have options in server product linesbefore 2009  -
when   fusion-io began announcing a  series of design wins for its iodrives in 
enterprise servers made by  hp, ibm and dell - big server manufacturers didn't
offer ssd accelerators as standard options in their product ranges. after
these initial design wins - it became
imperative
for all server manufacturers to offer an ssd solution embedded in future 
products if they wanted them to look competitive. (this tipping point  - if one
does it  they'll all have to do it - was predicted in my 2003 article -
could enterprise ssds become
a $10 billion market?)the strategic importance of ssd softwarebefore
fusion-io there wasn't an ssd software ecosystem. and the lack of automatic
software tools for integrating ssds into caching and other acceleration roles  
meant that deploying ssds as accelerators required expensive and
skilled manual hot
spot tuning.one of the spin offs from the standardization of ssd
integration in servers was that it inspired a wave of
ssd software startups
which had never been viable  before. most of the  early ssd software
pioneers   were  acquired
by ssd manufacturers  as the market learned that having compatible  software for
virtualization and caching
 made it  much easier to sell their ssds. although it's hard to
believe it now -  this was still a time when there was a
vacuum in the
space where the ssd software  brain might  have been expected to be in the
vision of  legacy giants in the enterprise software, processor chip and array
storage markets - who were all taken completely by surprise by this new
industry.





split 3
before and after diablo technologies' memory1 diablo technologies was a
pioneer in shipping ssds and dram emulation products which consisted of flash
memory and controller ip integrated in a dram compatible ddr3 or ddr4 bus slot.
although diablo's products failed to achieve any significant market
traction and the company was involved in a series of patent disputes  and went
bankrupt - there were important market lessons to be learned from the outcome of
what i called in august 2015 the  first salvo  of 
scm (storage
class memory) dimm wars.before diablo's  memory1 (announcement,
shipping and customer benchmarks)  there had been a genuine belief in the ssd
industry that  new types of non volatile memory memory products shipped in dram
compatible bus slots would plausibly launch the next wave of performance
improvements  in the server market - in a similar way that the pcie ssds had
done earlier - and  that somehow - the  latency differences of these 2 types of
busses and the ability to place more emulated  memory in server  motherboards
would make an order of magnitude difference and help to create substantial new
markets.the immediate effect of the memory1 announcement was to set
off a spate of competitor  announcements about nvdimm based products aiming at
the same idea but based on a variety of  design approaches  and memory
technologies (not just flash).after the market failure of memory1 my
analysis of the scm dimm wars phenomenon is that the architectural promise of
such products was fatally flawed and delivered marginal incremental benefits
sometimes rather than sustainable order of magnitude improvements of the types
promised by the initial hype.the main reasons for the past failure and
future limitations of such products are (in my view) the misconception that a
single component type of    solution is in itself enough to take computing
performance to a sufficiently high next level - compared to the comparison point
of an already sophisticated  ssd infrastructure.instead - what i call
the "memoryfication" of enterprise computing - at the next level of
performance will require changes in processor, memory and software architectures
working together  in  new conceptual  schemes. and i think such
solutions will be agnostic with respect to  form factors and may not indeed look
anything like a dimm.  indeed they may work just as well delivered in pcie slots
(like google's tpu)  or be implemented at rack scale in fabrics.i've
discussed these ideas in a bunch of articles including:-optimizing
cpus for use with ssdsintroducing
memory defined softwareram
in the post modernist ssd and memoryfication erashould we expect
more from memory? -   after afa's what's nextare we ready for
infinitely faster ram?  (what would it be worth)





split 4
before and after the memory shortages in 2017although the silicon
based semiconductor memory industry had experienced
many
periods of under supply and over supply capacity since its formation -  the
shortages of nand flash and dram which began in  the 2nd half of 2016 and lasted
 through to the first half of 2018 were  like no other which had happened before
- in   strategic impact and lasting consequences.before the memory
shortages of 2017 - there had been a bunch of  non volatile memories which (in
some cases for more than
a decade) had failed to ever emerge into sticky design wins and  market
adoption  from their seemingly never ending   "emerging" status - due
to their lagging    too many years behind successive improvements in mainstream
memory pricing per bit. during the memory shortages - the effect of
rising prices in    flash  and dram and the realization that those legacy  
memory roadmaps could no longer be relied on to follow  the  historic
expectations set by past experiences were beneficial to the competitive
comparisons with emerging  competing nvms. it was as if the emerging nvms had
got into a time machine and emerged looking 2-4 years better.after the
 memory shortages of 2017 - it became clear that (as i phrased it  in
a  2017 article) 
"new notes had been added to the music of memory tiering. and while we
still can't  be sure which of these "no longer emerging but emerged"
memories will  have lasting power in the memory and ssd markets - it is  clear
that a significant change had occurred and (for a forseeable bunch of years) 
there is no going back to the just 2 main types of memory model for future ssd
designers and memoryfication architects. memory designs will change. processor
designs will change. architecture will change to incorporate the capabilities of
new types of memory.a  much longer list of market impacts can be seen
in my article -
miscellaneous
consequences  of the 2017 memory shortages.the causes  and
analysis  of market events   leading up to the shortages along with 
contemporaneous commentaries can be seen in the
news archives of
storagesearch.com and other historic web sites which discussed   the memory
and ssd markets at that time.





split 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10...
insert your own herei'm sure that many of you having reached this
point may be wondering - why didn't i mention a particular thing which you
believe  is just as important as those above.i'd like to think that
having written so many articles about  ssds - maybe i already did write about
some of  those other things before. but if i didn't - then i'm sorry. i'm glad i
finished this one. it's the last main article about ssds i'll be writing about
ssds this side of retirement. (or maybe ever.)thanks for reading it.
and if it's given you some ideas - then  that's what i was hoping.here's
a    very  old article i feel proud to have written.why buy ssds? -
pioneering use value propositionsbye for now and take care.

....



....








 perceptions
of  the  data recovery market by
zsolt kerekes,
editor -  storagesearch.com -  september 14,  2018




what's the connection between
fast erase ssds,
storage drive
sanitization and data
recovery?it was the recent   news about the hurricane season 
which got me thinking again (as it does every year) about all those tragic 
stories of damage and loss.the data recovery industry is unlike other
parts of the computer market because no one sets out with the idea that they
want to include  dr technology in their annual storage  budgets. i 
thought back to some of the stories of amazing data survival and  recovery which
i've reported on  in my writings here. drives being soaked in mud
(that's one thing) - drives being drenched in chlorine  (including the backups) 
that was another.
..





we know who
can fix it

and similar to the concept  in the days when spy
satellites intentionally  crash landed their images on  film cannisters  in the
ocean, there have been science projects in the digital camera and telemetry  age
which were designed to  bring  back space data from crashed balloons in ssds.
sometimes bad things happened to the ssd afterwards.  i  had forgotten about 
but still  love this   
ssd
 data survival  story about memtech - from 2005.re data loss - 
human error plays a big part in many stories of data loss (even in replicated 
servers) while human
error is also one of  the biggest vulnerabilities in data security.
in a   reflective article looking back at my conversations with the data
recovery market i note some of the things which surprised and impressed me at
the time. and having tracked the ssd data recovery market since before
it began - i found a way to connect all the dots.  ...read the
article

..








20 years ago -  in stealth mode  by
zsolt kerekes,
editor -  storagesearch.com -  september 12,  2018




i 've been  perusing   my emails of 20
years ago  (september 1998) which was the month before i was due to
launch my new site 
storagesearch.com and i was curious
to remind myself what kind of conversations i was having with   people in the
run up to doing that and - in effect -  exiting stealth mode with an entirely
web based publication which had  no  past print rooted  brand strength.
i had already been publishing  a server market  guide for 6 years at that time
(called the
sparc product directory)
and my company had
been  operating  a dotcom based business model funded    by web advertising
since 1996. but i wanted to make the new storage site look  different and have
its own identity.  some of the new changes i planned to introduce in
my new server-agnostic storage guide were more pictures (for example the
branding images of the
first few mice were already in hand) and the other  "innovation"
was to be   the use of banner ads on the site  - a design feature to which i had
originally said no   a few years before.
..





when dealing with such a small
cakepracticality dictates that   one candle for each decade is quite
enough

 in those 20 year old   emails i was looking at
this week    a   common thread was that none of my storage advertising customers
had ever run banner ads to promote   their enterprise products before and  so
therefore many of  the conversations were   about finding people to   design
them in time to launch the new site.i have preserved some of these
older ads for future historians (pre modern ssd era
storage banner ads /
pre
millenium sparc banner ads) because they still tell us a lot about the
products and the excitement about the  key messages about them from a
perspective which you don't see in dry historical narratives. (i'll add some
more  of those early examples into an update of this blog so you can get an idea
of how much things have changed since then.)you can see below an
example of one of the earliest storage  banner ads designed specifically to run
here.(the vendor was dynamic computer products which soon after    changed their
business name to
data
storage depot. 



this rev 1.0 ad design  above -  "leaders in
raid, disk, tape and memory upgrades" -  was created in september 1998  and
like most ads underwent many design changes during the period that the ad
programs ran. (approximately 8 consecutive years with this customer - which was
not unusual in my customer base during the 20 peak years of   my   web ad based
business.)if it wasn't for the brave companies who were designing ads
for a new site which didn't exist yet and who weren't scared of mice then i
wouldn't have had such a rewarding job for the next 20 years and my readers
would've had to wait another 2 years to see the next wave of 
portals (that's what we
called them back then) which covered the storage market as a disaggregated 
whole. storagesearch.com's initial 
storage-wide focus
(from raw storage  chips, and raid systems,
backup software
to tape libraries)  itself
would later    change when in about 2007 - on seeing the scale of  my
earlier predictions
for the ssd market coming true -  i quietly resolved to     reduce    my
editorial coverage of things to do with the rotating storage market and instead
refocus most of  my energies   on  the rapidly changing  ssd market.  which was
just about as much as i thought i would be able to  comfortably wrestle with
given where the technology had started and where i thought  it was going  to go.see
also:- sparc
history, ssd
market history, d2d (disk
to disk backup) history

..








3d nand and new dimensions in ssd  controller architecture
research  exploits   layer based differences  by
zsolt kerekes,
editor -  storagesearch.com -  august 28,  2018

in the early years of
nand flash memory
adoption in the enterprise (for simplicity let's call this period the mlc
(pre-tlc) /  pre-adaptive r/w / pre-dwpd  era) there wasn't the
same kind of established delineation of 
application
roles for new ssds as there is now -
because
ssds were still carving out new reasons to be used in design wins (almost one
startup at a time) and  it also  happened quite often that when a new product
was announced there would be significant gaps in the datasheets compared to what
was needed to be known to determine how the product might behave (without having
to invest large amounts of resources into benchmarking and evaluations). to
help my readers in this  formative  period i suggested 
several  shortcuts
which could help potential integrators group such new ssds into sets determined
by key  design and architectural decisions in the new ssds. these
enabled anyone who thought a lot about ssd controllers to decide for themselves
- yes this new one is in this set and so some its characteristics are
preordained -  it's better at this, worse at at that - irrespective of whether
there were any datasheets or benchmarks or
whether we believed
that such benchmarking had been correctly set up  (which for a long time it
wasn't). i know from the conversations i had with many  systems designers that
they found some of my "filtering" terms to be useful shortcuts - and
most of the companies which were creating these new products found it useful to
answer my questions about the internals of their designs and thinking.but
all such rules of thumb have a limited shelf life. and as i used to remind
readers in my year end articles - it's just as important to discard old ideas
which at one time were useful as it is to adopt new ones.  one of the
simplest ssd design filters which i wrote about was something i called the
difference between
big and small
ssd controller architecture (2011). at the heart of this was the
question - how many memory chips has the controller been optimized for?
because if it can work with a single digit set of chips then the controller
can't employ as many clever strategies (to help reliability, performance and
quality of performance) as another design which has been designed with a floor
level of tens or hundreds of chips. it was a simple idea and it was a useful way
to look at controller designs over a 10 year period.but a paper i saw
this month made me reconsider whether that division still works. and even to ask
the question - are there any small architectue ssds left at all?the
paper in question was -
improving
3d nand flash memory lifetime by tolerating early retention loss and process
variation (pdf)	 by yixin luo and saugata ghose (carnegie mellon
university),   yu cai (sk hynix),  erich f. haratsch (seagate technology) and 
onur mutlu (eth zürich) - which was   presented at the sigmetrics
conference in june 2018.
this paper - among other things - suggests several new (not previously
publicly written about) design approaches which can be adopted with tall (30
layers upwards) 3d nand flash - which can leverage characterization assessments
which are made on a small sample of cells in a memory chip and leverage those
with architectural support in an ssd controller  to increase ssd reliability or
performance so as to make enterprise use of such memories more attractive.one
of the ideas discussed in the above paper is the idea that the quality of cells
varies in each layer. this in itself is not new. what is new however  is that
the authors show how the spread of reliability can be measured, modeled  and
harvested.the authors say - "we are the first to provide detailed
experimental characterization results of layer-to-layer process variation in
real flash devices in open literature. our results show that the raw bit
error rate in the middle layer can be 6x the raw bit error rate in
the top layer."among the many  chip dependent design approaches
in the paper here are  2 which i've singled out.

lavar - layer variation aware reading

li-raid - layer-interleaved raid
layer variation aware reading (lavar)  - "reduces process
variation by fine-tuning the read reference voltage independently for each
layer."this idea - which properly occurs  in the realm of
adaptive r/w 
 technology  (rather than big controller architecture)  suggests a simple
model which can predict a best guess threshold voltage for p/e based on a 
top/bottom samples extracted after  endurance conditioning a small number of
blocks in the memory.  on its own - this concept would be enough to
make the paper a must-read for controller designers.my gut feel is
this points the way to a middle course  of run time controller design between 2
well known philosophies:-

the adaptive dsp ecc approach - which combines chip learned
characterization with heavy weight run time  processing power in the target 
controller and

the machine learning / lifetime based characterization models proposed  by
nvmdurance in 2013 -
which enables lightweight run time processing - based on a model which
extrapolates the best figures for a population of all memory chips - but is
learned from a factory based characterization (rather than learned from the
local chips attached to the controller). 

layer-interleaved redundantarray of independent disks (li-raid) - "improves
reliability by changing how pages are grouped under the raid error recovery
technique. li-raid uses information about layer-to-layer process variation to
reduce the likelihood that the raid recovery of a group could fail significantly
earlier during the flash lifetime than the recovery of other groups."this
- to me - starts to look like another "big controller" architecture
idea - but the authors say it can be used in an ssd with just a couple of chips.
they also extend the concept to pairing  the best predicted blocks in one memory
chip with the worst predicted blocks in another memory chip in the same ssd.you
can read about earlier uses of raid thinking in ssd controller designs
(including variable size planes)  in my
raid systems page.but
it's clear  that the interpretation of different layers in a  30 to 100 layer or
so 3d  memory chip starts to look a lot  like big controller architecture.previously
it was  the number of different identifiable conceptual  toys in the box which
set the limits to system level design tricks. now it's layers in the same chip
too.

..

some earlier home page  blogsre ratios in ssd architecture40 years of  thinking
about non volatile memory endurancemiscellaneous
consequences  of the 2017 memory shortagesare we ready for
infinitely faster ram?  (and what would it be worth)introducing
memory defined software - yes seriously - these words are in the right order

..

hmm... it looks like you're seriously
interested in ssds. so please bookmark this page and come back again soon. 

..




....






 smart's gen-z module
spin memory  licenses   ip to  armthe  security blanket   of encrypted
 ssds?everspin secures more  fab capacity for mramprinceton's
in-memory accelerator uses switched caps to take neural matrix macs out of
the digital boxsee
news  page

....







if you could go back in
time and take   with you   a load of     memory chips and ssds from today 
(along  with  compatible adapters so they could plug and play) how would that
change the world? 


what    if you
could bring back   ssds     from the future?

..







controllernomics - is that
even a real word?   memoryfication?    pim,  nvmeof,   pslc etc

dipping into the waters of 
ssd jargon

..







since the early
1970s there have been 3 revolutionary  disruptive influences in the
electronics and computing markets.


the microprocessor
the commercialization of the internet

the advancement of computer architecture   enabled by   the 
modern era of ssds


comparing the ssd
market     to earlier tech disruptions

..







diskful writes per day
began as a   shortcut to describe the endurance of ssds in enterprise ssds but
within a couple of years it became adopted by other markets too - for 
industrial, military and  even (surprisingly) consumer drives. it has been a
useful metric but has its limitations too.

what's
the state of dwpd?

..







"...the ssd market has
been the main incubator for disruptive memoryfication trends  but now  - as we
approach the series finale of the
top ssd companies  -
i think a new list tracker is needed." 

the top ssd companies in
q2 2018

..







this is  a
genuine   problem for the scm (storage class memory) industry. how to 
describe performance.

is it realistic to talk
about memory iops?

..







the semiconductor memory
business has toggled  between under supply and over supply since the 1970s. 


 boom bust
cycles in the memory market - an ssd view

..







it was the best of times.  
it was the worst of times.   2017 was a year like no other in 40 years
of ssd history. 

which way next for ssd?

..







some of the winners and
losers from the memory shortages in 2017  were  easy to spot. but there have
been new opportunities created   too.


consequences  of the 2017 memory shortages

..







despite many revolutionary
changes in memory systems design and ssd adoption in the past decade we are
still not at the stage where it's possible to predict and plot the next decade
as merely an incremental set of refinements of what we've got now. 

are we
there yet? -  40 years of  thinking about ssds

..







say farewell to
friction-free  borderless memory markets.

can memory chips be
made in the wrong country?

..







data recovery from dram?

 i thought
everyone   knew that

..







the dividing line between
storage and memory is     more fluid than  ever  before 


where are we
heading with memory intensive systems?

..







enterprise dram has the
same latency now (or worse) than in 2000.  the  cpu-dram-hdd    oligopoly
optimized dram for a different set of assumptions than we  have today in the
post modern ssd era.

latency loving
reasons for fading out dram

....







this may be a stupid
question but...  have you thought of supporting a ramdisk emulation in your new
"flash tiered as ram" solution?

what
characteristics  could  we learn?

....







how do we know anything?
and how confident can we be when using that knowledge as the basis to
make important decisions? 
 i'm not talking here "cogito ergo sum" but the rather more
down to earth matter of - how well can anyone today understand the ssd market? -
and give you a reliable answer to a simple question like - what's the best way
of getting to ssd street from wherever your starting point happens to be right
now.

can you tell me the best
way to get to ssd street?

..



..







the enterprise ssd story...
 why's the plot so complicated?  and was there ever a missed
opportunity in the  past   to simplify it?

the  elusive 
golden age of enterprise ssds 

..







to be? or not to be? 
 hold up capacitors in 2.5" mil ssds 

0
to 3 seconds - aspects of extreme   ssd design

..







why do ssd revenue
forecasts by enterprise vendors so often fail to anticipate crashes in demand
from their existing customers?

meet ken   and  the
enterprise ssd software event  horizon

....







i said to rob peglar - "the
ratio of processor cores to memory channels and local memory capacity is a solid
pivot from which to leverage your forthcoming architecture blogs. i love ratios
as they have always provided a simple way to communicate with readers the design
choices in products which tell a lot to other experts in that field." 

re ratios in ssd architecture

....







compared  to emc...
ours is better

can you take
these afa startups seriously?

..







now we're seeing new trends
in pricing flash arrays which don't even pretend that you can analyze and
predict the benefits using technical models.


exiting the
astrological age of enterprise ssd pricing

..







reliability is an important
factor in many applications which use ssds.   but can you trust an ssd brand
just because it claims to be reliable in its ads? 


the cultivation and
nurturing of "reliability"   in a 2.5" embedded  ssd brand

..







a couple of years ago - if
you were a big company wanting to get into the ssd market by an acquisition or
strategic investment then a budget somewhere between $500 million and $1 billion
would have seemed like plenty.

vcs in ssds and storage

..







 adaptive dynamic refresh
 to improve ecc and power consumption, tiered memory latencies and some other
ideas.

are you ready to
rethink ram?

..







90% of the enterprise ssd
companies which you know have no good reasons to survive. 

market
consolidation - why? how?   when?

..







with hundreds of patents
already pending in this topic there's a high probability that the ssd vendor
won't give you the details.  it's enough to get the general idea.


adaptive flash
r/w and dsp ecc  ip in ssds

..







 ssd market - easy entry
route #1 - buy a company which already makes ssds. (and   here's a list of who
bought whom.)

3 easy ways to enter
the ssd market

..







"you'd think... 
someone should know all the answers by now. "

what do
enterprise ssd users want?

..







we can't afford not to be
in the ssd market...

hostage to the
fortunes of ssd

..







why buy ssds?

6 user value
propositions for buying  ssds 

..







"play it again sam -
as time goes by..."

the problem with
write iops - in flash ssds

..







why can't ssd's true
believers agree upon a single coherent vision for the future of solid state
storage? (they never did.) 

the ssd heresies.

..







the predictability and
calm, careful approach to new technology adoption in industrial ssds was for a
long time     regarded as a virtue compared to other brash markets.

say
farewell to reassuringly boring industrial ssds

..







if you spend a lot of your
time analyzing the performance characteristics and limitations of flash ssds -
this article will help you to easily predict the characteristics of any new ssds
you encounter - by leveraging the knowledge you already have.

flash ssd   performance
characteristics   and limitations

..







the memory chip count
ceiling around which the ssd controller ip is optimized - predetermines the
efficiency of achieving system-wide goals like cost, performance and
reliability.

size matters  in
ssd controller architecture

..







a popular   fad in selling
flash ssds is life assurance and health care claims  as in - my flash ssd
controller care scheme is 100x better (than all the rest).

razzle dazzling flash ssd
cell care 

..







these are the "editor
proven"   cheerleaders and editorial meetings fixers  of the storage and
ssd industry.

who's who in ssd and
storage  pr? 




