








	home - lsc communications
































     





 
              about us
              


 
              our brands
              
 
              corporate responsibility
              
 
              careers
              

 
              contact
              


















lsc communications llc brands
an atlas holdings company
























past, present, future




r.r. donnelley started as a partner at a small printing company in chicago in 1864, but then grew his own company into one of the largest and most trusted service providers in the world.
with growth came expansion and in 2016, lsc communications llc was established to better serve publishers, brands, retailers and merchandisers by offering specialized solutions.
in 2020, atlas holdings acquired lsc communications llc. atlas operates a global family of manufacturing, distribution, service and trading businesses and, having operated in the printing and paper industry for decades, is the ideal partner for lsc. lsc is - and will continue to be - at the forefront of providing the best and most innovative solutions for storytellers around the world.
  learn more 

















send us a message
to get in touch with us, fill out the form below and we will reach out to you as soon as possible.
required fields are marked with a (*).





name *



please enter name.


email *



please enter email.


phone number *



please enter phone number.




postal code *



please enter postal code .


company name *



please enter company name.


are you contacting us about*


-- please select --
enru
lakeside book company
lsc mexico
tops products
general inquiry


please select a category.



please write your message here and we will get back to you shortly*




please enter comments.
















 
 























4101 winfield roadwarrenville, illinois 60555
























terms of use/privacy policy/supplier information/prepress/track & trace/employees & former employees/customer payment policy

						copyright © 2025  lsc communications llc. all rights reserved.  lsc communications is a trademark of lsc communications llc.
					




















