








become a travel agent with prestige travel systems – the original host! – join the prestige agent network and dream…discover…connect!



















































home
the opportunity
the benefits
member levels
special services
about us
faq
blog
 




home 

become a travel agent from only $125! call (800) 940-8801 or join online!
become a travel agent with an award winning travel agency!
join & start today for just $125 as a prestige network agent
prestige travel systems – the original host!

supporting home agents for over 25 years
earn up to 100% commission
multiple income opportunities and programs
travel booking website
exclusive agent portal & learning management site
access to travel deals
work from your home or existing business
get started right away
30-day money back guarantee

join now for $125 or call (800) 940-8801
or jump start your travel business with our xtp program!
join the prestige agent network…
do you love to travel or have the passion for travel? become a travel agent and start your own home based travel business! take advantage of one of the most exciting business opportunities available. our easy start up program provides travel agent training, marketing support, discount travel and support from our staff. you can service your clients or refer them to our reservation center, work at home, set up a virtual internet travel agency, or an office location. the prestige agent network has programs for both the novice and experienced travel agent.
work from home, office, online or anywhere…
consider becoming a travel agent and starting your own travel business and you will find a method to turn travel into a profit-making opportunity. you can have a full-service travel agency in your home, office or through a virtual office and begin receiving commission on all travel you book.
the prestige agent network has created a travel business opportunity where you earn commission for your personal travel, friends, family and other travel clients. we encourage you to explore this concept and discover how travel can be a part of your future, and how becoming an independent travel agent can provide a new business or enhance your current business and your life.
travel is both a business and a lifestyle…
our proven business system gives you the opportunity to generate a success with home, office or internet based travel business…through friends, acquaintances, business contacts, the internet, organizations and virtually everyone you know.
get started today!  call 800-940-8801 to join now!
awards & strategic partnerships
awards & recognitions our host agency has received through the years:

alg vacations – 2022 elite diamond agency
royal caribbean international – 2010 southeast region travel partner of the year
carnival cruise lines – winner’s circle award & pinnacle club
sandals resorts preferred agency
norwegian cruise lines – captain’s club award
celebrity cruises – top producer award

next steps…
ready to get started?  download the application, call (800) 940-8801 or sign up online now!
join the prestige agent network and dream…discover…connect!
get started now!


why start a home travel business?

easy to get started – work actively or just refer clients
great way to get extra cash or a full time income
fun and lifelong activity
ideal post retirement business to stretch your dollar
travel benefits
ideal internet business
multiple income opportunities
incredible tax benefits and deductions
work part or full time
enrich your lifestyle as a member of the travel industry


 
information request 

 










 your name (required)
 

 your email (required)
 

 your telephone number
 

 how did you hear about us?
googleyahoohost agency reviewsfind a host agencytrade magazinereferred by a friendsocial mediaother 

 street address
 

 apt or ste
 

 city
 

 state
 

 zip code
 

 comments/questions
 






sign up to receive email updatessee what agents are saying about prestige "i am very happy that i became a travel agent with prestige.  i have been an outside agent with prestige for 11 years and i can truly say prestige has become an extension of my family." carolyn b“i wish to take the time to express the gratitude i personally have experienced as becoming part of the prestige team as a home-based agent.  my primary residence is in new jersey, however my two other homes are in pa and fl.  my husband and i love to travel so that is the basis of my passion for the travel industry.  i have enjoyed the positive energy and knowledge the staff expresses and their support has been the key to my success in striving to create the completed travel journey for my clients.  i have a diverse clientele.  this keeps the wheels rolling.  i have had the pleasure of many group cruise sailings, family vacations, romance packages and even group birthday celebrations.  i also enjoy the planning of international tours and customizing each package for the clients’ personal travel needs." shelley b“i had a desire to work in the travel industry but no idea how i would make it happen.  a friend told me about prestige.  i didn't believe i could possibly be a travel agent on my own terms with such a minimal investment to get started.  it sounded too good to be true.  well, here i am 12 years later and i can proudly say that it is as good as it is true.  i work part-time as an outside agent building a business to enjoy in my retirement.  prestige allowed me to realize that which was once only a dream!”  fredericka w
“i am proud to say that i have just recently became an independent travel agent with your company. before then, i did my shopping around and found that this is the company to go with. everyone in your staff has been very pleasant to work with...”  gilbert a
“i have been an independent agent since 2010 and specialize in cruises.  since then, my travel business has blossomed and the staff at prestige is always willing to go that extra mile to help when i have questions or need assistance.  it has been truly a pleasure working with prestige and congratulations on your 25 year anniversary.”  tracey w“my experience at prestige has been absolutely amazing.  being an agent has proven to be one of the best decisions i have made in my life and prestige has allowed me to accomplish my goals of traveling, and being able to make travel wishes of others become reality.  it is an absolute joy to deal with all the people at prestige as they make it easy to navigate and plan travel events for myself as well as clients when needed.  i look forward to 2014 and what it has to offer for us as agents with prestige.  what an honor it is to be able to take the nation on vacation...i love it.”  wanda d“four years ago i was shopping for a travel agency that i could trust and work under. i did some research online and found prestige. i can honestly say that i am very impressed with the professionalism and team efforts with all my dealings. i appreciate the opportunities that prestige has offered me through the years and i am honored to be an independent agent working under prestige. congratulation's on 25 years!!!”   david p





pages

about us
blog
contact us
frequently asked questions (faq)
gallery
home
member levels
portfolio
privacy policy
services
special services
the benefits
the opportunity

 




copyright © 2025 | wordpress theme by mh themes



















