




  


exclusive golf | home page

































 





javascript seem to be disabled in your browser.
you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.







exclusivepoints
corporate golf
clinic and tuition
golf & spa holidays
tournaments
020 8660 9905
search

























020 8660 9905



home
europe golf holidayseurope golf holidays destinationsspainspain destinationscosta del solcosta de la luzcosta bravacosta blancamurciaspanish islandsspanish islands destinationstenerifegran canariafuerteventuramajorcalanzarotela gomeraportugalportugal destinationsalgarvelisbonmadeiraitalyitaly destinationslake comolake gardalake maggioriflorencepugliaromesicilyfrancefrance destinationsle touquetsouth of franceparisbordeauxdinarddeauvilleturkeyturkey destinationsbelekcypruscyprus destinations27th cyprus golf classic 2025paphosgreecegreece destinationscretekalamatairelandireland destinationsdublincorkdoonbeg near galwaybulgariaworldwide golf holidaysworldwide golf holidays destinationsindian oceanindian ocean destinationsmauritiusseychellescaribbeancaribbean destinationsdominican republicbarbadosjamaicabermudacubast luciamiddle eastmiddle east destinationsdubaiabu dhabiomanamericaamerica destinationsfloridaarizonalas vegasnew yorks. carolinacalifornias. americas. america destinationsmexicoargentinabrazilchilecosta ricaperuafricaafrica destinationsmoroccosouth africakenyatunisiaegyptasiaasia destinationsthailandvietnamcambodiasri lankaall inclusive contact / quick quote


						quick quote
					

quick quote





											your name:
										









											e-mail address:
										









											phone number:
										









										holiday request
										

























golf & beach
mauritius golf & beach holidaysfrom 7 nights ai, daily golf from £829 > for more information 



golf & safari
 south africa golf, beach & safari13 nights bb, 6 rounds from £1755 > for more information  



golf & spa
  spain golf & spa holidays7 nights hb, daily golf from £625 > for more information  



golf & city
  italy golf & city holidays7 nights, 4 rounds of golf from £895 > for more information  



tournaments
27th cyprus golf classic 23 - 30 apr 20257 nights ai, 4 rounds from £1085 > for more information  



all inclusive
turkey all inclusive golf holidays7 nights ai, 4 rounds from £799 > for more information  

 





















sending golfers away for 39 years longer than any other, we have the
knowledge | experience | best prices

google ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ reviews 
68% repeat clientele for the past 22 years  
see a small selection of testimonials below 

 

special offers


the ritz-carlton, abama
special offer - tenerife | 30% off stays jan - nov, book by 31 jan




barcelo bavaro grand resort
dominican republic - 7 nights all inclusive, daily golf from £795, jan - apr




amendoeira golf resort
algarve - 4 nights bb, sharing apartment, o'connor x 2, faldo x 2 from £559




long beach mauritius 
stay 14 nights for 10, or 7 for 5 nights, all inclusive, includes daily golf on ile aux cerf & anahita




iberostar selection andalucia playa
7 nights in deluxe double on b+b, 4 rounds of seve golf, from £645






travellers inspiration


tournaments





us masters augusta 2025





play the worlds best courses





worldwide guided golf tours





rovos rail - luxury golf & train travel




 



















  

  next tournament is the 27th cyprus golf classic  23- 30 apr 2025

  images from the 26th cyprus golf classic, more can be found on the tournament page.....

      

 
  



       click on image to book your golf set   




 
testimonials
oct 2024 / lesley - thank you so much for organising our portugal trip and for checking us in and getting the boarding passes etc. it all  went really well - we loved the hotel and its position and the restaurants.  it was a perfect choice for all the family.  lovely to have some sun especially this year! thank you for all your help and advice - much appreciated.  we will certainly be back you and receommend all our freinds and family..
oct 2024 / andrew - excellently organised trip to oman, in the end we were a group of twelve with ten golfers. we stayed at the kempinski and played al mouj (twice), ras al hamra and ghala. the whole trip was very competitive, no other agency could come close on price, but the quality of the facilities and organisation was not compromised in the slightest. they were always responsive to questions and changes and nothing seemed to be too much trouble. i will have no hesitation in going back to exclusive golf when my turn to organise my buddies trip comes round again.
oct 2024 / george - i would just like to thank you for arranging our superb holiday to mauritius.the whole trip went extremely well. we had good and punctual flights. the transfers were very good, all the more so because of a careful and courteous driver. the hotel and the staff were exceptional and the golf courses were in very good condition. the whole holiday was a great success and is one we would definitely like to repeat again in the future.
oct 2024 / angie - just wanted to say a very big thank you for a fantastic holiday in south africa, everything went perfectly well, the blue train was fabulous and the manor house at fancourt was tremendous.
sep 2024 / michael - i wanted to drop you a line to express our unreserved thanks for the professionalism and comprehensiveness of the service you provided in the arrangements you made on our behalf to spain.  absolutely everything went off without a hitch: taxis arrived when expected, tee time arrangements were accurate and the flights and hotel reservations matched our specific requirements. we are extremely grateful and will not hesitate not only to use your services again but will wherever possible recommend you to others.
sep 2024 / silvana - i just wanted to say a huge thank you for our wonderful holiday in turkey. everything went so smoothly, your agents were brilliant always on time and we had a fantastic time. we will be looking to book again for next year.
aug 204 / graham - many thanks for the final documentation relating to our tenerife trip and thank you for your timely actions during the booking process. hopefully, we will not have any need to contact you again for this holiday, but it’s great to know that we are backed by a professional organisation.
jul 2024 / petra - thank you for all your help again you have organised everything down last detail in cyprus for us, we all look forward to another great week with exclusive golf next year.
jun 2024 / chris - many thanks for booking mauritius and based on our whole experience with exclusive golf  we will not be going anywhere else for our future world travel holidays, totally appreciate the service provided,
jun 2024 / john - thank you for making this a great holiday to turkey were we have just been bowled over with the fantastic service that we have received here at regnum. we are already looking forward to next trip with you. your service throughout has been really brilliant and have a fantastic team. 
may 2024 / sally - i have now returned from my weeks’ golf tuition at the penina in portugal, the tuition was good and i felt i met my goal for the week. thank you for organising this trip for me it was exactly as you said it would be – all went smoothly with transfers and club hire and the hotel was excellent.
may 2024 / geoff - i just wanted to say a big thank you for all your hard work in organising our trip to aphrodite hills, cyprus. the hotel was perfect, the location was brilliant, the golf courses were amazing and all transportation went like clockwork. when booking another golf trip, i’ll definitely be in touch.
apr 2024 / alan - well, we have all returned safe & sound from france. so just a quick thank you from all the guys for organising the trip for us and helping make the last minute amendments go smoothly. same again next year be in touch.
apr 2024 / julie - just wanted to say a big thanks for sorting our holiday in portugal. everything ran like clockwork. penina course is tough for our ladies but we enjoyed it. looking forward to seeing you in april for your 27th cyprus golf classic.
mar 2024 / peter - recently returned from our golfing trip to vietnam. we had a wonderful time and i have to say the itinerary went off perfectly. we would like to thank you and your colleagues for making it a memorable holiday.
mar 2024 / steve - hi nick thanks to you and your team for organising a great holiday to turkey start to finish, i will certainly be booking again and let my friends know about exclusive golf.
feb 2024 / adele -  i just wanted to send a thank you for organising our golf trip to abu dhabi everything went perfectly and we had a fabulous time - anyone asking about golf holidays i will definitely recommend you.
jan 2024 / angela - we had a fabulous holiday in kenya and thank you everything went like clock work. played wonderful golf in nairobi and mobassa rounded off by a stunning stay on our safari trip to the masai mara. looking forward to your next recommendation.
jan 2024 / jane - trip was perfect. weather has been glorious. golf course in fabulous condition. ritz carlton abama and exclusive golf were a 10!
jan 2024 / gill - that’s incredibly generous and wonderful of you to refund us within 2 days and before you have claimed your money back. thank you so much. we will definitely be in touch when planning our next trip.
 






european golf holidays

portugal
spain
canary islands
majorca
turkey
france
italy
cyprus
greece
bulgaria
ireland



worldwide golf holidays

mauritius
america
caribbean
mexico
south africa
kenya
thailand
dubai
abu dhabi
oman
morocco
egypt
argentina
brazil
chile
peru



important information

home
special offers
contact us
about us
terms & conditions
privacy policy
cookies

 


we're social



















signup for the newsletter








subscribe




 
















this website requires cookies to provide all of its features. for more information on what data is contained in the cookies, please see our privacy policy page. to accept cookies from this site, please click the allow button below.
allow






