


www.fit.edu | florida tech
























































skip to main content


















                academics 





                      academics
                    

                      florida tech’s approach to academics is research-driven, high-tech and hands-on, allowing our students to both gain knowledge and get real experience applying it. here, you don’t just learn—you do.                      




degrees & programs


colleges, schools & depts.


services & resources


learning experiences


aba online


florida tech at orlando


florida tech at spaceport


corporate level up program


continuing education


burrell college of osteopathic medicine


florida tech online








                research 





                      research
                    

                      it is through research that faculty members advance their fields, students enhance their learning, and the university creates change for the benefit of our planet and all of its inhabitants.                      




student design & research


centers, institutes & labs


news & stories


center for advanced manufacturing & innovative design (camid)


library


faculty profiles


sponsored programs


expert directory








                admission & aid 





                      admission & aid
                    


                      ready for the future? whether you hope to join the florida tech family as a freshman, transfer student or graduate student, your journey to panther-hood starts here.                        
apply
get info
visit 





why florida tech


first year admission


transfer admission


graduate admission


international admission


visiting florida tech


scholarships & aid


admitted students


dual enrollment


non-degree seeking


connect with us


office of financial aid








                life at florida tech 





                      life at florida tech
                    

                      what's it like to live and learn at florida tech? the answer differs for every student, but you can count on one thing: the people here are friendly, open-minded and passionate about their work.
                      





clubs & organizations


residence-life & housing


campus dining


health & wellness


fitness & recreation


civic engagement


greek life


arts & culture


athletics & esports


about florida tech









                  select spacebar or enter to search florida tech website
                
 search
              






search: 


when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures.







                links for 





                      students
                    



                      faculty & staff
                    



                      parents & families
                    



                      alumni & friends
                    





              |
            


                apply
              



                visit
              



                get info
              


              |
            


                give
              





            apply
          

            get info
          

            visit				
          



 give to florida tech  




menu










florida tech



  
          smith lecture series: "the evolution of space travel"
        


            learn more
          

            reserve a seat
          


join us feb. 20 at 5 p.m. in the gleason performing arts center
























reach beyond the possible.
at florida tech, we say “yes” to big ideas. we pursue outrageous dreams and embark on the endeavors most pivotal to the future. founded to educate the pioneers of the u.s. space program, florida tech is deeply, historically rooted in this culture of relentless determination. today, we carry on this legacy through the rigorous hands-on degree programs we offer in engineering, science, computing, aeronautics, business, psychology and more.


          browse programs
        




choose your path to greatness.
degrees designed for careers of the future.



when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures.










        top 100
      

        best value university
        
u.s. news & world report




        17th in u.s.
      

        graduate employability
        
global employability university ranking




        top 6% best
      

        return on investment
        
payscale








research-driven. high-tech. stem is in our dna.
stem—science, technology, engineering and math—is the driving force behind who we are, what we do and why we exist. whether you major in aerospace engineering or biomedical science, business or communications, you’re going to graduate with a toolbox of vital high-tech skills that puts you ahead of the competition in the job market.
a job before you graduate? it happens here.












hands-on from day one.
our rigorous, immersive, career-building programs have you working on your major from day one—no filler classes; no lengthy prerequisites. want to be a pilot? you’ll be in the cockpit within the first week of classes. a marine biologist? one of the most biodiverse marine ecosystems on the planet is practically in our backyard. dive right in.
you’ve got goals—we’re here to help you reach them.
student stories











an amazing location that's also a classroom.



we’re in melbourne in the heart of florida’s space coast. for you, that translates into amazing job and internship opportunities at places like nasa-kennedy space center, spacex, embraer, melbourne-orlando international airport, national weather service, brevard zoo, wfit radio station and many more.
with our location right by the atlantic ocean and the indian river lagoon, in addition to swimming, fishing, surfing, paddle-boarding and countless other recreational water activities, you’ll be swimming in research opportunities, as well.









panther life what’s it like at florida tech?
you're much more than a number here and you'll feel it. panther pride goes way beyond school spirit—we’re family.
at florida tech, you’ll get to know your peers—in and out of your major—as well as your professors. and with an on-campus, undergraduate student body that is about one-third international, you will build a future professional network that spans the globe.
florida tech is equal parts innovation and sunshine—did we mention our 360-plus days of sunshine and 72-degree average daily temperature? trust us, you’re going to love it here.
why florida tech?






eventscampus calendarnews


expert panel to discuss future of space travel at smith distinguished lecture series





u.s. news ranks florida tech’s online programs among best





introducing: samantha miles


more news



  
          take the next step.
        
we don't just talk about the amazing things you can do at florida tech. we make sure you get to do them. connect with us and start reaching beyond the stars.


            request info
          






















          150 w. university blvd.
          melbourne, fl 32901
        

(321) 674-8000



show your support
contact us


florida tech facebook


florida tech twitter


florida tech instagram



florida tech tiktok


florida tech youtube


florida tech linkedin




resources


academic calendar


catalog


employment


security




information


consumer information disclosures


privacy policy


non-discrimination & accessibility


title ix






view florida tech’s ease grant performance measures




campus map | sitemap



        © florida institute of technology. 
        














edit page 
