





the yellow springs news • an independent source of community news in yellow springs, ohio since 1880









































































































































































































































































































 
 










 































feb
16
2025









home / info

contact us
about the news
community standards
help


submissions

general submissions

guidelines and procedures


classified ads
obituary & memorial
special issue submissions

community directory submissions

residential listings
business listings and advertisements


guide to yellow springs listings
yshs senior submissions


give your feedback


subscribe

subscribe and renew
change of address or delivery


e-edition

about the e-edition
e-edition log in


classifieds

classifieds online
submit a classified


business listings

business & professional listings online
redbook online


advertise

newspaper & web ads
classifieds
the red “book”


payments
calendars

village events
village school calendars
bulldogs sports schedule


 





you must login to comment on articles or post in the forums.
find lost passwordregister for a free account










gov. mike dewine (right) visited yellow springs last week to chat with village manager johnnie burns who, earlier, had been presented with $176,246 from the ohio environmental protection agency to continue the village’s aging water lines. the grant came from dewine’s statewide h2ohio initiative. (submitted photo) village receives $176k grant to continue water line replacement
the village of yellow springs announced earlier this month that it received $176,246 from the ohio environmental protection agency to continue the yearslong work of replacing aging water lines throughout the village.
click here to read more >>



web features

 
 

chamber music in yellow springs to present aizuri quartet

the aizuri quartet, formed in 2012 by graduates of the juilliard school and the curtis institute of music, will perform sunday, feb. 23, as part of the chamber music in yellow springs, or cmys, 2024–25 season.
[more]

 
 

village council considers repealing economic incentive policy

according to village solicitor amy blankenship and planning and economic development director meg leatherman, a the village’s economic incentive policy complicates the process of new businesses, developments or nonprofits setting up shop in yellow springs.
[more]

 
 

yellow springs director brings ‘rocky horror’ to the john legend theater

the springfield civic theatre will present the cult-comic musical “the rocky horror show” thursday–saturday, feb. 13–15, at the john legend theater. the production — directed by yellow springs’ own lorrie sparrow-knapp — features a cast of springfield and yellow springs actors and musicians.
[more]


 

more stories

ys schools join statewide voucher lawsuithigher learning commission alerts antioch college to ‘financial distress’a closer look | the city of yellow springs?tecumseh land trust to host annual sugar shack tourvillager joan chappelle honored with mlk peacemaker awardonline posts raise concerns over privacy, transparency

 

by category


arts (archives)


 
mark lomax quartet to celebrate ‘a love supreme’ anniversary at foundry
dr. mark lomax ii, who performed in yellow springs in fall of 2023 as part of the foundry theater at antioch college’s inaugural season of programming, will return to the foundry with the mark lomax quartet on saturday, jan. 18, to mark the 60th anniversary of john coltrane's "a love supreme."


 
ys theater company seeks scripts
the yellow springs theater company is accepting script submissions for the 2025 annual ten-minute play festival, featuring a selection of plays no longer than 10 minutes.


 
2024 in review | the arts
from penning innovative literature and producing surreal films; to painting, poeticizing and performing — yellow springs artists covered ample creative ground in 2024. 




village schools (archives)


 
ys schools join statewide voucher lawsuit
yellow springs schools is one of the districts that has joined the growing coalition as it works to bring a lawsuit against the state — a lawsuit that questions the wisdom, and the fairness, of using public dollars to pay for private school tuition.


 
school board censures member amy magnus
the school board’s most recent meeting thursday, jan. 9, included an agenda item that concerned an apology offered by board member amy magnus. the discussion of that agenda item ended in a 4–0 vote in favor of censuring magnus, with magnus abstaining from the vote.


 
yellow springs schools are closed wednesday, jan. 22
the yellow springs board of education has decided to close village schools on wednesday, jan. 22, due to extreme cold weather. 






economy (archives)


 
home, inc. set to award $500k home-repair grants
most grants will be up to $16,500 for projects starting in february, including accessibility upgrades, health and safety repairs and weatherization.


 
local business aims for sustainable garden design
though “design” is often considered in the aesthetic sense, local resident molly finch has a broader perspective on the term. that perspective is shaped by her new business, goldfinch garden design.


 
2024 in review | businesses & organizations
several new businesses and organizations cropped up in yellow springs in 2024; several hit major milestones and others transitioned and expanded. 




village life (archives)


 
annual winter hike to follow little miami river
naturalists with the division of natural areas and preserves of the ohio department of natural resources will lead the division’s annual 3.5-mile winter hike along the little miami state and national scenic river on saturday, feb. 8.


 
my name is iden | be visible, vocal — or be erased
"no election will fix this for us. it is no longer an option to put our heads down and wait out the next four years. there will always be some sly carnival barker waiting to exploit people’s ignorance."


 
my name is iden | the quiet between
"people are complicated. we laugh, we love, we hope but, we also cry. we bleed, we despair. we scream. all of that is beautiful."






government (archives)


 
a closer look | the city of yellow springs?
“what happens if yellow springs ever becomes a city?”

it’s a question that many villagers have asked over the decades as our local population has fluctuated, our small-town economy has become ever more service- and tourism-based and as new housing developments have cropped up.


 
miami township trustees settle first-of-year business
with deep snow on the ground throughout miami township that night, the board of trustees held its first meeting of the new year monday, jan. 6. at the forefront of the meeting’s agenda was the handling of first-of-year business.


 
with $680k pledged for new soccer fields, lihtc project advances
should woda cooper successfully be awarded the $15 million in low-income housing tax credits from the ohio housing finance agency to build a low-income housing development, the district would have $689,000 to turn the joneses’ cornfield into playable soccer fields.




obituaries (archives)


 
monty cox
a public celebration of life for monty cox, who died dec. 28, 2024, will be held saturday, april 26, at 2:30 p.m., in the dining room of friends care community, 150 e. herman st., yellow springs, ohio.


 
juliet hennessy
juliet “judy” w. (liddle) hennessy died jan. 10, 2025, at home in yellow springs. she was 97 years old.


 
karen zukowitz
karen rené zukowitz, age 66, passed away peacefully at her home, surrounded by her loving family and friends, after a long battle with cancer.


 
vincent tanoh eyorokon
vincent tanoh eyorokon, 73, of yellow springs, ohio, passed away peacefully on jan. 26, 2025.


 
nancy howell koehler
nancy howell koehler, died jan. 11. she was 87 years old on dec. 16.






higher education (archives)


 
summit at antioch college to envision ‘another world’
an upcoming four-day summit hosted by antioch college’s coretta scott king center  for cultural and intellectual freedom aims to inspire students, artists, researchers, activists, organizers, educators and scholars not only to envision, but also to help create — as author toni morrison once told a group of collegiate graduates — “the world as it ought to be.”


 
higher learning commission alerts antioch college to ‘financial distress’
the news spoke this week with antioch college president jane fernandes, who said of the designation: “it’s information that we have some financial work to do — that our financials are not just flowing, and now we have to make them work.”


 
emerge springs | addiction recovery services, housing at antioch college
emerge offers addiction recovery services, housing and job training. it was founded by three area business owners who work in the skilled trades, and who themselves are in long-term recovery. 




sports (archives)


 
bulldog sports round-up | jan. 31, 2025
the varsity bulldogs moved up into fourth place in the metro buckeye conference following a 47–44 win against conference rivals middletown christian thursday, jan. 23.


 
bulldog sports round-up | jan. 24, 2025
the bulldogs’ current conference record is 0–3, with an overall season record of 3–5.


 
bulldog sports round-up | jan. 17, 2025
the varsity bulldogs slipped to fifth place in the metro buckeye conference after four losses over the last several weeks. the team’s current conference record is 1–3, with an overall season record of 1–9.




 




 

click to go to videos


 

what's new?
featured photosscenes from the streetorchestrating supportheadstrongyellow springs protest calls for permanent ceasefire in gazalittle ups and downsart for the souloutside voicesheads of the classhomes sweet homeslittle big ideas: mills lawn school pbl exhibition nightrecent posts







chamber music in yellow springs to present aizuri quartet




village receives $176k grant to continue water line replacement




village council considers repealing economic incentive policy




yellow springs director brings ‘rocky horror’ to the john legend theater




summit at antioch college to envision ‘another world’




free bus rides set all day feb. 14 — valentine’s day




ys schools join statewide voucher lawsuit




higher learning commission alerts antioch college to ‘financial distress’




bulldog sports round-up | jan. 31, 2025




annual winter hike to follow little miami river



 
 



 

 
from the print click here for this week's sports, obituaries and featured photos, and for the previous week's news.
online guide to yellow springs
read all about the builders of the village — both physical and metaphorical — as well as the groups and organizations that comprise this community, in the 2024–25 guide to yellow springs.shop the newsget more from your news at our online store!support the news
how you can help us do our work.public notices view all yellow springs public notices.

quick search…



ysnews search pagethoroughly search ysnews.com, including the pre-2010 website.recent commentsdon hubschman on higher learning commission alerts antioch college to ‘financial distress’matthew raska on online posts raise concerns over privacy, transparencydon hubschman on edward pretherdon hubschman on online posts raise concerns over privacy, transparencydon hubschman on tin can economy | huddled masses 
 




 
search by group|search by event|search by themeyellow springs police department wyso bulldogs girls cross country bulldogs swimming little art theatre glen helen black lives matter mills lawn school friends care community bulldog sport round-up bulldogs boys cross country yellow springs board of education bulldogs boys soccer miami township fire-rescue miami township trustees mckinney middle school yellow springs schools ohio department of health perry league t-ball yellow springs home inc home inc. village council yellow springs school board yellow springs high school bulldogs volleyball bulldogs track & field village of yellow springs antioch college foundry theater tecumseh land trust yellow springs arts council bulldog girls soccer antioch college cdc bulldogs basketball planning commissionfourth of july earth day holiday in the village new year's eve spring street fair pbl exhibition night 2018 election aacw blues fest art on the lawn election 2016 challenger sports british soccer camp 2021 election candidates night 2017 elections dewine briefings christmas easter egg hunt fundraiser street fair yshs graduation holiday 10-minute play festival martin luther king jr march mls halloween parade yshs spring musical springsfest community dance concert farmers' market antioch college reunion halloween elections gay pride march open gym basketball yellow springs experience mlk marchys covid-19 news obituary covid-19 coronavirus food and drink music april fools! theater energy efficiency environmental sustainability poetry racism cross country project-based learning small business affordable housing village council new business dave chappelle literature bulldog sports soccer baseball basketball retirement economic development local business bowling track antioch college revival film levy feature photo ys covid news news from the past
 
 



© 2025 the yellow springs news
|
terms of service
|
privacy policy
|
sitemap
|
help





username



password


login form protected by login lockdown 
remember me





 -->
						

forgot your password?
register for a free account




username or e-mail:


you will receive a newpassword via e-mail.










wp2social auto publish powered by : xyzscripts.com 
 
















































