









home - elisabeth morrow school













































 
























skip to content



nurturing curious, confident children on 14 acres of natural learning spaces in bergen county, new jersey.

 

directory
myems
calendar
 
 

			current directory
myems
calendar
 

nurturing curious, confident children on 14 acres of natural learning spaces in bergen county, new jersey.



facebook
linkedin
instagram
201-568-5566
 

request a tour
donate
call us
 



search for:



 

 

x


find your ems experience
why ems
life at ems
apply to ems
contact ems
support ems
 




home 


expanding minds, building character
at the elisabeth morrow school, children’s natural curiosity grows into a lifelong love of learning through our exemplary curriculum, featuring innovative programming in science, technology, engineering, the arts, and mathematics (steam), a nationally renowned instrumental music program, social-emotional learning, and community-wide core values.

why families choose ems






early learning
young minds are the most formative

age 2-kindergarten





lower school
active problem solvers, creative thinkers, and innovative learners

grades 1-4







middle school
partners in guiding their own education

grades 5-8





summer programs
learning & enrichment options from june–august

summer








strategic planning updates
the elisabeth morrow school is in the process of developing its next strategic plan to address the needs of the present and craft a unified vision for our upcoming centennial — and beyond! stay up-to-date with the latest developments in our strategic planning process.



get the latest





inquire about our openings for the 2024–2025 school year in select grades.
much of our early learning program is at capacity, but we are accepting applications in select lower and middle school grades.

talk to admissions
how to apply




14 acres of learning & growth opportunities
our child-centered and innovative academic programs take place across a 14-acre campus, a certified wildlife habitat that provides our students with indoor and outdoor learning spaces, including state-of-the-art technology labs, gymnasiums, maker spaces, science labs, and libraries, as well as an athletic field, nature trails, a brook, a pond, outdoor classroom patios, educational gardens, and playgrounds.

our campus makes the difference











program spotlight: advanced studies
our middle school students are reaching new academic heights! this year, they can take challenging high school courses. these advanced courses, supported in partnership with a fully accredited online school, allow students to learn at their own pace while receiving expert guidance from ems faculty. head of school marek beck, ph.d., envisions that the program will continue to set a very high bar for rigorous academics coupled with discovering budding passions that may turn into career pathways.

learn more about our advanced studies






faculty spotlight: david messler
meet morrow house math teacher david messler, whose dedication to his students and his passion for math have helped make him a beloved member of the ems community. messler, who started at ems in 2014, makes learning about fractions, ratios, linear equations, polynomials, and number theory fun! “my favorite thing about ems is the incredible community. the faculty are not only talented and dedicated educators, but they also inspire a genuine love of learning in their students,” he says.

read “engaging minds, one equation at a time”








alum spotlight: lamaar jaswal ’14
lamaar jaswal ’14 discovered his passion for music at ems through playing the violin and drums. today, jaswal has carved out a successful career in the music industry. he currently manages artists and producers and has been a consultant at warner music group for four years. “my business is relationship-based, so it’s important that i treat everyone the same, with kindness and respect. i have always led with that. it’s something i brought from my time at ems,” he says.

read more about our vision of the ems graduate





elisabeth morrow school holds a culture fair on saturday, march 18, 2023.
event spotlight: morrow house musical
we’re going to harvard! (well, almost.) our talented morrow house students are bringing “legally blonde jr.”, the hilarious musical inspired by the hit movie, to the bergenpac stage on wednesday, march 12 (ems family and friends invited) and thursday, march 13 (students only). don’t miss it!

learn more about upcoming events










sign up for newsletter updates


email*


  



















ems programs

seedlings
early learning: age 2–kindergarten
lower school: grades 1–4
middle school: grades 5–8
after-school programs
summer programming

eagle arts
summer explorations
summer string festival




ems resources

event calendar
campus
ems traditions
myems
transportation
library
ems news
directory
alumni


about ems

about ems
our values
health and safety
equity & belonging
academic roadmap
vision of the ems graduate
board of trustees
head of school
parents association
annual report


contact points

contact ems
careers
press
directory
admissions
privacy policy
terms of use


 

435 lydecker st.englewood, nj 07631
serving students age 2–grade 8
nonprofit #22-1487171

report a bug© elisabeth morrow school, 2025
 

notice of nondiscriminatory policy as to students
the elisabeth morrow school admits students of any race, color, national, and ethnic origin to all the rights, privileges, programs, and activities generally accorded or made available to students at the school. it does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national and ethnic origin in administration of its educational policies, admissions policies, financial aid programs, and athletic and other school-administered programs.
            
 




































