






triplebrook camping resort | blairstown, nj






















































(908) 459-4079
[browser scripting must be enabled in order to view this e-mail address]
book now!


























home

rates & reservations

activities

site map & rules

reviews

directions & area attractions




1 888 343-2267

[browser scripting must be enabled in order to view this e-mail address] 
book your stay


























































welcome to triplebrook camping resort!



																											
																																				
triplebrook camping resort is a family campground located near the delaware water gap in the skylands region of new jersey. the skylands region is an area that features one of the state’s most impressive and familiar natural landscapes, the famous notch in the kittatinny mountains. camping here is a truly enjoyable and relaxing experience. camp in the natural beauty and splendor of the mountains with all of the modern conveniences of home. located within minutes of the towns of hope, blairstown and columbia, as well as stroudsburg in the poconos. triplebrook is a perfect vacation spot for the entire family.
																																																								
																	
special thanks to rv east coast for this fantastic video!



our amenities & facilities include:

		
    family pool with water slide
    separate adult pool & heated whirlpool spa
    fishing pond
    2 playgrounds
    mini golf
    full court basketball
    ball fields
    bocce
    volleyball
    shuffleboard
    horseshoes
    scheduled weekend activities including hayrides
    large pavilion for groups
		4 clean bath houses with free hot showers and powerflush toilets
24 hour camper’s laundry
propane filling
renovated camp store offering:
		     food stuff
     souvenirs
     camping gear
      toys and games
      game room
																	 
			

our beautiful setting and facilities make an ideal wedding venue! please visit the pond at triplebrook for more information.
																	 
		
																	 


































































																		triplebrook camping resort
                                        58 honey run road
                                        blairstown, nj 07825
  [browser scripting must be enabled in order to view this e-mail address]
  (908) 459-4079

  book now!







triplebrook camping resort











                              © 2025 triplebrook camping resort. all rights reserved.

privacy policy | accessibility statement


















































