








american mavericks from american public media



































american public media programs
-------------------------
a prairie home companion
american mavericks
american radioworks
anonymous 4 thanksgiving
bbc proms
chanticleer christmas
a choral christmas card
cantus: all is calm
carnegie hall live
christmas with dale warland
classical live
classical music initiative
composers datebook
conspirare: christmas at the carillon 
the dinner party
echoes of christmas
a festival of nine lessons & carols
future tense
giving thanks
a harpist's christmas
harvest home
marketplace
marketplace money
minnesota orchestra
the mtt files
music@menlo
performance today
pipedreams
a prairie home companion
public insight journalism
reflections: a lenten special
the rose ensemble christmas
st. olaf christmas festival
the saint paul chamber orchestra
saint paul sunday
sound opinions
on being
the splendid table
the story
sustainability
symphonycast
weekend america
welcome christmas
word for word
the writer's almanac

















search:




























about
contact





features
press




listen
support
















































 for the san francisco symphony's 2012 mavericks festival, visit http://americanmavericks.org/
american mavericks is a 13-part peabody award-winning radio series and web site produced by american public media in 2003.  this web site contains the interviews and interactive features developed at that time. some features including radio-program audio, san francisco symphony recordings, and online discussion spaces are no longer available.
 more about the series...


















 












































 play the partch instruments
                                                            during his lifetime, harry partch created more than 25 unique instruments, as well as developing his own tuning systems and notation to express his musical ideas. 
more interactive instruments























































this is the place where you roll up your sleeves and get your ears dirty.  
programs 
interviews 
composersvoice
























how do you make & record your music? created by julia schrenkler on 9/30/04 at 10:05 am
logic pro? garage band? customed out freeware or your own app? or do you go old school?
how do you get your music into a medium that you can share?






















 jerome kitzke
                        "i think you find your audience by not thinking about that very much. you're just doing your job and doing your work and not worrying about, let's say, being rejected or accepted. i've been writing music for 32 years and i've just kept plugging away at it. i just do it, and i put some effort into getting the pieces played; i send scores out, all that stuff. in new york i created my own band. that's a very good way to start to gain an audience...i thought, 'let me just get my stuff out there,' you know. it's out there, it's out there and it got a little bit of notice and word of mouth occurs. "
more interviews

















american mavericks
                        american public media
                        480 cedar street
                        saint paul, mn usa 55101-2217

                        phone: 800-228-7123
						e-mail: musicmavericks@americanpublicmedia.org
your support makes our online services possible. contribute now.





























american mavericks is produced by american public media in association with the san francisco symphony and michael tilson thomas, music director.







































major funding for american mavericks is provided by the william and flora hewlett foundation.




























your purchase from public radio market helps support american public media.

















	 ©2018 american public media

careers
podcasts
newsletters
rss
audio help
terms and conditions
privacy policy















