




cosatu – congress of south african trade unions







































an injury to one is an injury to all. workers of the world unite. you have nothing to lose but chains of exploitation and slavery
















home
about

preamble
aims & objectives
structure
organogram 2021


biographies

bio-alina rantsolase
bheki ntshalintshali
bio- chris dlamini
bio- connie september
bio-elijah barayi
bio-jay naidoo
bio-joseph nkosi
bio-joyce pekani
bio-louisa thipe
michael madala shingange
bio-s’dumo dlamini
solly phetoe
bio-sydney mufamadi
bio-tyotyo james
bio-violet seboni
bio-zingiswa losi
bio-zwelinzima vavi


booklets
cosatu

constitution
cosatu nobs
formation of cosatu
why join a union?
freedom charter


chronology
congresses

14th national congress books
13th national congress
declarations
resolutions
special events

30th anniversary
cosatu 30th anniversary




documents

why workers should vote anc
aids policy
collective bargaining conference
discussions
education
freedom charter
gender
international
just transition
nhi
october 7, 2020 national strike
reports
september commission
submissions
more documents
2015 plan


two-pot system
contact union
year planner
contacts

hq contacts
provinces
ditsela
naledi


vacancies




















cosatu will present its submission on the immigration amendment bill to parliament, tuesday 18 february 2025



february 17, 2025



the congress of south african trade unions (cosatu) will present its submission on the immigration amendment bill to the national assembly’s portfolio committee: home affairs from 09h00 on tuesday, 18 february 2025 (virtual). issued by cosatu matthew parks(parliamentary coordinator) mobile: 082 785 0687 email: matthew@cosatu.org.za




								read post			




cosatu, fedusa, nactu and saftu to co-host l20 summit in gqeberha, amplifying workers’ voices on the global stage



february 16, 2025



the congress of south african trade unions (cosatu), fedusa, nactu and saftu will co-host the labour 20 (l20) summit in gqeberha from february 18 to19. this pivotal event coincides with south africa’s presidency of the g20 in 2025, providing a crucial platform for workers in africa and the global south to advance a progressive agenda. […]




								read post			




cosatu is deeply concerned by us president trump’s announcement of likely tariffs on south african exports



february 14, 2025



the congress of south african trade unions (cosatu) is deeply worried by the united states (us)’ president donald trump’s announcement of pending tariffs on south african and other nations’ exports.  this threatens thousands of south african agricultural, mining, jewellery, chemicals, auto, clothing and other manufacturing jobs amongst others.  with a 41.9% unemployment rate, we cannot […]




								read post			




cosatu budget expectations statement



february 14, 2025



the congress of south african trade unions (cosatu) hopes that government will not disappoint the nation when it tables the 2025/26 budget at parliament on 19 february.  the working class and society at large are battling numerous dire socio-economic crises.  now is not the time for a business-as-usual approach.  what is needed is a bold, […]




								read post			




cosatu gs address at cosatu free state provincial congress



february 14, 2025



program director, deputy chair of the province cec members provincial office bearers pec alliance partners . sacp.sanco, anc the premier of the province ycl.ancyl, young workers of cosatu, gender structures international guests introduction comrades, we stand together at a crucial juncture, reflecting on the rich history and enduring struggles of cosatu as we approach our […]




								read post			




cosatu notes the bizarre attempt by some inconsequential da mp to dictate to organised labour its composition at the l20



february 13, 2025



the congress of south african trade unions (cosatu) notes with disdain and bemusement the bizarre attempt by some inconsequential democratic alliance (da) member of parliament (mp), ryan smith’s ludicrous attempt to dictate to organised labour its composition at the g20’s labour stream (l20).  if this were the mere rantings of some ill-informed crank, it would […]




								read post			




cosatu celebrates the 35th anniversary of nelson mandela’s release from prison



february 12, 2025



the congress of south african trade unions (cosatu) joins millions of south africans and the international community in commemorating the 35th anniversary of struggle icon, nelson rolihlahla mandela’s release from prison on the 11 february 1990. after spending a lengthy 27 years behind bars, his freedom would culminate into negotiations that would pave a way for […]




								read post			




cosatu condemns efforts to stop reopening of lily mine



february 12, 2025



the congress of south african trade unions (cosatu) condemns attempts to stall the reopening of the lily and barbrook mines in louisville, near barberton. despite having secured funding to exit business rescue, the owner of the mines, vantage goldfields, is facing opposition. mining entrepreneur and founder of ssc group, fred arendse, has applied to court […]




								read post			



← older posts 
















cosatu shopsteward oct-nov 2024download




searchsearch




























































































































































 


cosatu © 2023
frontier theme









