




ecotecpower.com - the ecotec enthusiast site














































home

library 

faq
events calendar
gallery
irc chat



forums 

forum home
forum search


general stuff

general
newbies
sales / gp



go go go

performance
maintenance
boost
nitrous oxide
tuning
transmission
suspension
racing



stuff to do

events



off topic

politics & war
off topic




classifieds

members 

member search
premium membership



register
log in














submit



home














about us
the ecotec engine is gm's first truly global engine. ecotec's architecture results in low emissions and has flexibility to meet the needs of drivers around the globe, creating the possibility that the ecotec could become one of the highest-volume engines in the world.
ecotec power is an enthusiast site dedicated to the ecotec engine. many gm brands use this powerplant, including chevrolet, holden, oldsmobile, opel, pontiac, saab, saturn and vauxhall. the engine has had much success in racing applications. this site exists to empower owners, enthusiasts, engine builders, race teams, and anyone interested in the performance application of the ecotec engine.

news




news index













cruze clean turbo diesel's engine creates "perfect storm"
posted by dave on july 31, 2013 @ 06:33 pm pst


detroit - the all-new 2014 chevrolet cruze clean turbo diesel's advanced 2.0l engine uses a variable-swirl intake system to create a "perfect storm" of air and fuel that helps enhance performance while reducing emissions.

"variable swirl helps put the 'clean' in cruze clean turbo diesel. it increases the mixture-motion of air and fuel in low-speed, low-load driving, like when you’re doing the commuter crawl to work every day," said mike siegrist, 2.0l turbo diesel assistant chief engineer. "it contributes to cruze diesel's great fuel economy, and helps give drivers the most torque for the least amount of fuel at the lowest emission and noise levels."
read more (1 comments) >>


2014 chevrolet cruze clean turbo diesel
posted by dave on february 07, 2013 @ 08:37 am pst


chicago - the all-new 2014 chevrolet cruze clean turbo diesel features an advanced 2.0l clean diesel engine that will offer an estimated 42 mpg highway with an automatic transmission and expected best-in-segment range based on gm testing. clean diesels generate at least 90 percent less nitrogen oxide (nox) and particulate emissions when compared to previous-generation diesels. it is the cleanest diesel passenger car engine ever produced by general motors.

cruze's 2.0l turbo-diesel is based on proven architecture already used in european models, where approximately 40 percent of all cruze models sold feature a diesel engine. collaborating with italian and german engineering groups, gm's diesel experts in the united states adapted the engine to accommodate more stringent diesel emission standards and a wider range of driving conditions - including colder climates and higher altitudes - for the united states and canada.
read more (3 comments) >>


chevrolet performance takes many forms at sema show
posted by dave on october 22, 2012 @ 02:31 pm pst


detroit - from stylized mini cars to drag strip-conquering muscle cars, chevrolet will show its broadest-ever range of performance and personalization choices at the 2012 sema show. the annual automotive aftermarket extravaganza kicks off oct. 30.

last week, chevrolet previewed a squadron of small-car concepts debuting at the event, while performance-oriented visions of the new malibu turbo and the forthcoming 2014 impala will also be on hand. chevy's display wouldn't be complete without a few corvette and camaro concepts, but their details are being kept under wraps until the show opens.
read more (7 comments) >>



upcoming events
there are no upcoming events currently in our database.more events >>




recent posts
















 
            

 
            


gme

gm enthusiast network
j-body organization
ecotec power
gm delta



contact us
legal


copyright © 1999 - 2025 gm enthusiast network
                gm enthusiast network is not affiliated with the general motors corporation







×
site log in



username





password







 remember my login on this computer.
      


forgot your username or password?


log in







×





close








