










welcome to dumfries and galloway | dumfries and galloway council


























      skip to main content
    









this site uses cookies to store information on your computer.
some of these cookies are essential to make this website work for you. others show us how the website is used and can help us improve it.

find out how we use cookies and manage your settings


        i accept
      

        i do not accept
      





        you have accepted cookies you can change your cookie settings at any time.
    

      hide
    



      you have rejected cookies
      you can change your cookie settings at any time.
    

      hide
    








this site uses cookies to store information on your computer.
some of these cookies are essential to make this website work for you. others show us how the website is used and can help us improve it.

find out how we use cookies and manage your settings.
        


            i accept
          

            i do not accept
          































									menu
									








main navigation



services






contact us


jobs


bsl


near me










search






















find a service


benefits and financial support


bins and recycling


births, marriages, civil partnerships and deaths


business


care and support


council tax


council and democracy


environment and community safety


housing


leisure, sport and culture


libraries


planning and building


roads, transport and parking


schools and learning
















 










welcome to dumfries and galloway 
dumfries and galloway






search


































              check school term and holiday dates
    







              check your bin collection day
    







              pay your council tax
    







              search for a planning application
    







              get bus and ferry timetables
    







              find a leisure centre or pool
    














council services










 

            council tax
          




how to pay, find your council tax band, discounts and exemptions, tell us about a change, moving home, help paying your bill. 














 

            bins and recycling
          




check your collection day, book a recycling centre visit, bulky waste, garden waste, food waste, commercial waste and non-recyclable waste.














 

            planning and building
          




planning permission and applications, the local development plan, comments and objections, building regulations and warrants, conservation and regeneration, street naming and numbering.














 

            leisure, sport and culture
          




sport and physical activity, leisure centres, swimming pools, sporting activities, parks and outdoor spaces, things to do, harbours, the young scot national entitlement card.














 

            benefits and financial support
          




apply for support, benefits advice, tell us about a change, cost-of-living support, benefit overpayments.














 

            roads, transport and parking
          




roads, footpaths and pavements, public transport, parking, active travel, public toilets.














 

            births, marriages, civil partnerships and deaths
          




get married or form a civil partnership, register a birth, register a death, registration certificates, naming ceremonies, citizenship ceremonies.














 

            schools and learning
          




find a primary or secondary school, term and holidays dates, school meals, school transport, financial support, early learning and childcare, adult learning.














 

            libraries
          




find your local library, borrow an item, renewals and reservations, join the library, library activities and events. 














 

            business and licences
          




licences and permits, trading standards, business rates, contracts and tenders, property for sale or let, business support.














 

            care and support
          




request help with social care, local services, adult and child protection, support for children and families, domestic abuse, sensory support.














 

            council and elections
          




voting and elections, committees and meetings, find a councillor, funding and grants, strategies, plans and policies, how the council is run.














 

            housing
          




social housing, private rented housing, landlords, including licences for private landlords, houses in multiple occupation (hmos) and short-term lets, homelessness, homeowners.














 

            environment and community safety
          




services and support to keep people safe, report environmental health problems and anti-social behaviour, what we're doing about the climate emergency.



















 








help is available to stay warm this winter
if you are struggling with bills or worrying about turning your heating on this winter, help is available from organisations across dumfries and galloway. 
access advice and guidance on managing debt, fuel bills and how to stay warm.

find out more about the support available













sign up to email newsletters
stay up to date with the latest news and service updates from dumfries and galloway council.


sign up to news updates












news





 







call to go wild in stranraer this half term


the solway coast and marine project (scamp) is encouraging people of all ages to explore the coast this half term, as the ‘wild winter’ programme of events kicks off in stranraer next week.


11 february 2025








 







committee set to receive latest budget position update as three-year funding gap increases


dumfries and galloway council’s three-year funding gap has risen to £34.32m. the council’s enabling and customer services committee will receive an update on tuesday 11 february on the council’s budget position and financial projections for the next three years.


31 january 2025








 







storm eowyn – update on council services


last updated 6pm, friday 31 january.


31 january 2025





see all news























give feedback,
                let us know if this new page was helpful.









feedback form




satisfaction score - what did you think of this page?





good



poor





comments

for example, if you think anything could be improved. do not include any personal information or contact details.



























comhairle dhùn phris is ghall-ghàidhealaibh
gaelic language plan 2022-2027





accessibility statement


cookie policy


privacy statement




follow us





 





 





 





 




© dumfries and galloway council 2025














