


	home























toggle navigation

















search













home


who we are


who we are


commitment


missions & values


divisions


quality certifications


contract vehicles


locations


awards & recognitions


employee testimonials




who we serve


who we serve


defense


cyber & intel


federal


global




what we do


what we do


products




intelligence systems


radar & electronic warfare


communications & networking


command & control


test & evaluation


aircraft electronics


cyber warfare


air traffic control


operations sustainment & services


products




join us


join us


benefits


corporate culture


how to apply


our hiring process


commitment to veterans


student opportunities


recruiting events


search all jobs


transparency in coverage (tic)




contact us


























defense
technology solutions for national defense

















cyber & intel
identifying & countering evolving threats

















federal
making information accessible while secure

















global
deploying around the world


















military experience proves vital in scientific research corporation's mission from scientific research corporation on vimeo.










always focused on customer success scientific research corporation is an advanced engineering company providing state-of-the-art solutions in defense, federal, global, and cyber and intelligence markets. since 1988, we have provided innovative, cost-effective technology solutions for air, land, sea, and cyberspace applications. with a diversified contract base, a quick reaction capability, and the breadth of experience to provide end-to-end support throughout each program, we are focused on our customers’ success.










in the news

scientific research corporation is proud to be one of three awardees on a $536.7 million navy contract for engineering services that provide integration, test and installation of command, control, communications, computers, and intelligence (c4i) systems on surface ships. the contract is a follow on effort to src’s prior contract in support of the program executive office c4i. work will be performed in south carolina, california, wisconsin, washington, mississippi, louisiana, maine, and alabama. thank you to our src team and industry partners for your time and hard work in continuing to support the warfighter.


scientific research corporation has recently won significant new programs with military and dod customers that span large portions of the cyber operations spectrum. these efforts include threat assessment; network defense; cyber analytics; operational assessments; and cyber test and training event planning, design, development, execution, and analysis. threat assessment and network defense combined with analytics collection provide a robust method for enhancing cyber defenses. test and training events allow military and federal users to exercise systems against advanced cyber threats in a safe and realistic environment with instrumentation used to collect system performance metrics. capabilities derived from new programs combined with src’s long-standing experience in offensive and defensive cyber operations result in a dramatic increase in src’s cyber systems subject matter expertise.


as an employer with a strong record of employing veterans, scientific research corporation was featured on military makeover: operation career, a show airing on lifetime network and american forces network. the show is hosted by talk show legend and military advocate montel williams, a veteran of both the marine corps and the navy. our segment highlights dan ecklund (u.s. navy veteran; director), ron ravelo (u.s. navy veteran; director), and alicia nguyen (u.s. air force veteran; sr. cyber security analyst) as they discuss their military service and careers. view the segment here.


scientific research corporation won a $5.8m contract for the t-6a/b/d aircraft crash survivable recorder rapid prototype project, which will provide a crash protected airborne recorder system that includes a cockpit voice recording capability.


scientific research corporation recently won a positon on the robins afb $996m multi-award contract for avionics modification and sustainment support for all special operations forces/personnel recovery and rotary division managed c-130, h-1, and h-60 aircraft, to include integrated weapons systems, subsystems, and associated support equipment.


scientific research corporation has received an award with an estimated value of $20m from the department of the navy for technical support services for afloat, ashore, and airborne networks and information systems.


scientific research corporation has been awarded a $81m contract from the department of the navy to provide cyberspace science, research, engineering, and technology integration.


scientific research corporation has been awarded a $36m contract from the department of the navy to provide command and control (c2), communications, computers and intelligence (c4i) software support and system maintenance to include systems engineering, integration, information assurance, software maintenance, training and infrastructure support to the space and naval warfare systems center pacific (ssc pacific) maritime global command and control system family of systems project, and other c2/c4i projects.

next story









   












































contact
scientific research corporation
2300 windy ridge parkway
suite 400 south
atlanta, ga 30339


send us an email
privacy notice










tradeshows & events
recruiting events










featured jobs
software engineer iii, huntsville, alwindows system administrator, colorado springs, cosoftware integration engineer, huntsville, alfield service engineer, kirtland afb, nmcareers











 








© 2025 scientific research corporation












‹
›
×







×






                        previous
                    

                        next
                        










  








