









autism pensacola – connecting autism resources with people who need them.













































































organizational information
news & events
get involved
contact









 

about us

our board
our team


our programs

take me home
project lifesaver
kids for camp
parent empowerment
holiday gift card application


learning center

autism facts
resources
groups
downloads


calendar of events
events

bingo with your besties
connecting the pieces gala
steps for autism


donate

gift catalogue


become a member
get involved
contact us



















 



 
become a member 



 








volunteer -work with autism pensacola and make a difference today!get involved
give -want to give back or donate? share the love and give today. donate
kids for camp -
learning in a fun, engaging environment.
autism pensacola’s kids for camp is the perfect fit for friends, fun, and learning. open to kids and adolescents ages 2-25, this multi-week summer program focuses on language, interpersonal, and community skills development in a fun and engaging environment.kids for campupcoming events




all events


api headlines   


autism-related news, stories and adventures in autism.


newsarchived newslettersconnecting people.
improving lives.








autism pensacola is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization that exists to educate and connect individuals and families to answers that matter: information and resources that help them make more informed decisions, build and strengthen relationships, and more importantly, thrive. together, we’ll help you connect the pieces.


learn more about us








families impacted by autism face incredible challenges-both physical and emotional-that test their strength, resourcefulness and endurance. when families feel lost, alone and overwhelmed, we’re answering the call, serving as a beacon of hope for those navigating through their quest for answers.


autism factsresourcesgroups





making a difference.supporting families in need.


our members and supporters are more than friends. more than family. they’re heroes. together, we are making a difference for those affected by autism, and you can, too. show your support by becoming a hero. be a member, supporter, volunteer or donor today. your contribution and commitment can help hundreds of families in the area in need of support.


get involved





creating possibilities.a big thank you to our sponsors.


none of what autism pensacola does would be possible without the support and donations from our generous sponsors. we want to thank you-and them-for continuing to help make a difference in the lives of families all across our community.





the spectrum would you like to be up to date with our news and events? sign up today!   
















here when you need us



have questions or want to get in touch? we’re here when you need us.
850.434.7171 | 10001 n. davis hwy, bldg 1, pensacola, fl 32514



	notice: javascript is required for this content.




























our story
our programs
education
news & events
get involved
contact


















designed by idgroup • crafted by hail studio
hosted by cleverogre





*artwork created by campers.




organizational information 












































































