













home | community development financial institutions fund





      skip to main content
    









an official website of the united states government
here’s how you know


here’s how you know










                official websites use               
  
                a .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the united states.
            







                secure  websites use https              

              a lock
                (locka locked padlock)
                or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the  website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.            















community development financial institutions fund

u.s. department of the treasury







top navigation


contact


tools & resources




top navigation second


subscribe ›


sign in ›






enter search term(s):

advanced search
















aboutstaffcareerscommunity development advisory boardprograms & trainingcertificationcdecdfiprogramsbank enterprise award (bea) programcapital magnet fund (cmf) programcdfi bond guarantee programcdfi equitable recovery programcdfi programcdfi rapid response programnative initiativesnew markets tax credit (nmtc) programsmall dollar loan programtraining & taresource banksresearch & dataresearch reportsdata releasesprogram eligibility guidanceawardssearchable awards databasenmtc allocatee states servedhistorical award documentsimpact blognews & eventsannouncementsrequests for commentsupcoming eventsmessage from the director















cdfi fund releasescdfi certification application & related tools
view complete information on the revised application





















what does the cdfi fund do?
the community development financial institutions fund (cdfi fund) plays an important role in generating economic growth and opportunity in some of our nation's most distressed communities. by offering tailored resources and innovative programs that invest federal dollars alongside private sector capital, the cdfi fund serves mission-driven financial institutions that take a market-based approach to supporting economically disadvantaged communities. these mission-driven organizations are encouraged to apply for cdfi certification and participate in cdfi fund programs that inject new sources of capital into neighborhoods that lack access to financing.
each business financed, each job created, and each home built represents a critical step in the transformation of a life, a family, and a community. this is real change. this is the cdfi fund. discover more >
 

what are cdfis?
did you know the cdfi fund is an important part of your community?     
which cdfi fund program is right for your organization?
  looking for training or technical assistance opportunities?














important information
cdfi fund non-discrimination and civil rights information
treasury coronavirus resources, updates, and what you should know
leading a coordinated civil rights response to coronavirus
opm covid-19 information


 




are you an individual or business seeking a loan?click here to learn how to find cdfis and cdes that are providing services in your community.are you protecting yourself from ransomware?click here to learn how to recognize and react to ransomware attacks.are you keeping safe from scams?scammers have been contacting individuals claiming to be from the cdfi fund. click here to learn more.
















our program areas


bank enterprise award program › the bea program provides awards to fdic-insured institutions for eligible investments.


cdfi bond guarantee program › the cdfi bond guarantee program is a source of long-term, patient capital for cdfis.


cdfi equitable recovery program › the cdfi erp provides grants to cdfis to respond to disproportionate economic impacts 	of the covid-19 pandemic.


cdfi program › the cdfi program provides financial and technical assistance awards to cdfis.


cdfi rapid response program › the cdfi rapid response program is designed to quickly deploy covid-19 relief capital to certified cdfis.


capacity building
initiative › the capacity building initiative is a source of training and technical assistance for cdfis.


capital magnet fund › the capital magnet fund encourages the development of affordable housing in low-income communities.


native initiatives › the native initiatives provides awards, training, and technical assistance to cdfis serving native communities.


new markets tax credit program › the new markets tax credit encourages economic and community development in low-income communities.


small dollar loan program › the small dollar loan program was created to help certified cdfis provide alternatives to high cost small dollar loans.











impact we make
the vision of the community development financial institutions fund (the cdfi fund) is to economically empower america’s underserved and distressed communities.
  view the cdfi fund's blog

$1.8billion
the amount lent to date by cdfis participating in the cdfi bond guarantee program


















announcements


feb 14, 2025
 : updatesreminder: cdfi certification section zero review process webinarreminder: next cdfi certification conference call is february 20th
feb 11, 2025
 : updatesimportant reminders for fy 2025 cdfi program and naca program round applicantsas a reminder for fiscal year (fy) 2025 community development financial institutions program (cdfi program) and native american cdfi assistance program (naca program) applicants, the deadline for online submission of the sf-424 through grants.gov for this year’s cdfi program and naca program funding rounds is february 18, 2025 at 11:59 p.m. et.
feb 03, 2025
 : compliance, updatesimportant information for organizations impacted by california wildfiresperformance benchmark and compliance deadline extensions available upon request

view all announcements






upcoming events


feb20 

3:00 pm  –  4:15 pm
cdfi certification section zero review process webinar

feb27 

2:00 pm  –  3:00 pm
fy 2025 matching funds webinar workshop

mar5 

2:00 pm  –  3:00 pm
fy 2025 cdfi program q&a webinar

mar6 

2:00 pm  –  3:00 pm
fy 2025 naca program q&a webinar

mar6 

3:00 pm  –  4:15 pm
cdfi certification mergers and acquisitions webinar


view events ›








 


annual report fy 2024 annual report › 

request a speakerschedule a speaker for your next event ›














cdfi fund tools & resources






access tools and resources
access the cdfi fund's database systems below. use the awards database search to find cdfi fund awardees by
            state for all of the cdfi fund's programs.

 compliance
                        and performance reporting resources
 cims mapping
                        tool
 amis




awards database
find cdfis in your community
 


select a program 
select a program
bea
bond
cmf
fec
hffi-fa
nmtc
cdfi-fa
naca-fa
naca-ta
cdfi-ta
naca combined fa/ta (historic)
df-fa
sdl
cdfi-rrp
cdfi-erp




select state 
select state
ak
al
ar
az
ca
co
ct
dc
de
fl
ga
gu
hi
ia
id
il
in
ks
ky
la
ma
md
me
mi
mn
mo
ms
mt
nc
nd
ne
nh
nj
nm
nv
ny
oh
ok
or
pa
pr
ri
sc
sd
tn
tx
ut
va
vi
vt
wa
wi
wv
wy


















main navigation



about

staff
careers
community development advisory board



programs & training

certification
programs
training & ta



research & data

research reports
data releases
program eligibility guidance



awards

searchable awards database
nmtc allocatee states served
historical award documents



impact blog


news & events

announcements
requests for comments
upcoming events
message from the director





cdfi tools



tools


amis


cims















community development financial institutions fund united states department of the treasury

twitter
youtube
instagram
linkedin








footer link menu first


usa.gov


grants.gov


regulations.gov


oig


treasury.gov


small & disadvantaged businesses


no fear act




footer link menu second


site information


accessibility


disclaimer


foia


fraud alert


privacy disclaimer
















