
















	
	cereals & grains association



























































































home
about
my account
join
renew
contact
careers








log in








it looks like your browser does not have javascript enabled. please turn on javascript and try again.
















about
discover offeringsstrategic goalslatest in our associationingrained newsletterleadershipcareer centerwhat is cereal grain science?
food for thought
plant-based proteinsdurum wheatfood safetywhole grainsgut microbiomeprocessing techniques
membership
joinrenewcorporate membershipstudent associationvolunteerdivisionssectionsmember searchawardssocial media kit
meetings & events
upcoming eventswebinarscoursesresearch corner
publications
cereal chemistryinformation for authorscereal chemistry - back issuescereal foods world archivesonline booksbookstorecollaboration sitesordering detailscontact ussingle articlessubscribemedia kit & prospectus
analytical resources
approved methods of analysislaboratory proficiency rating programstandard definitions & resourcestechnical committees
store













listsabout
discover offeringsstrategic goalslatest in our associationingrained newsletterleadershipcareer centerwhat is cereal grain science?
food for thought
plant-based proteinsdurum wheatfood safetywhole grainsgut microbiomeprocessing techniques
membership
joinrenewcorporate membershipstudent associationvolunteerdivisionssectionsmember searchawardssocial media kit
meetings & events
upcoming eventswebinarscoursesresearch corner
publications
cereal chemistryinformation for authorscereal chemistry - back issuescereal foods world archivesonline booksbookstorecollaboration sitesordering detailscontact ussingle articlessubscribemedia kit & prospectus
analytical resources
approved methods of analysislaboratory proficiency rating programstandard definitions & resourcestechnical committees
storerecentcurrently selected






cereals & grains







the science behind 75% of the world's diet
advancing innovation across the broad disciplines of cereal 
			grain science through research, education, collaboration, technical 
			service, and advocacy.
learn more






homeblock1​​​new at cereals & grains association​shape the future of food science on a technical committeeas a member of a cereals & grains association technical committee, you’ll play a crucial role in developing analytical methods and guidance to set industry standards. join us to exercise your expertise, collaborate with professionals in your field, and lead the future of food science.
make an impact​​​​​​







homeblock2_image



homeblock2_textdivisions​2025 milling & baking division spring technical conference
february 15, 2025 • orlando, floridaconnect with a dedicated community of cereal and grain science experts at the 2025 milling & baking division spring technical conference! join us february 15 in orlando, florida (prior to asb bakingtech 2025) to connect with your milling and baking peers and lead the way in grain science and innovation.
 
register today​ 





homead
industry supporter





homeblock3_textresearch corner​​

showcase your innovative research

are you a student or early career researcher eager to share your innovative work with the scientific community? the research corner is your platform! 
we invite you to submit a short video presentation on your recent work to the research corner and join fellow emerging scientists highlighting the cutting-edge work shaping our field. gain wider visibility for your research, hone your presentation skills, and make an impression on future employers in both academia and industry. upload a video under 10 minutes in length and showcase your research year-round.


share my work



homeblock3_image








engage with leading colleagues in your field and 
						become a cereals & grains member today!



						join for free!








homeblock4_image



homeblock4_texttechnical committees​​
shape the future of food science on a technical committee 
      as a member of a cereals & grains association technical committee, you’ll play a crucial role in developing analytical methods and guidance to set industry standards. join us to exercise your expertise, collaborate with professionals in your field, and lead the future of food science. 
   
make an impact







homeblock5_textfeatured scienceunraveling gluten protein compositions of einkorn, emmer, and spelt grown in the lyon region in francethis cereal chemistry editor’s pick, by sofía correa, justine lepagneul, mathieu thomas, laurence mayaud, olivier hamant, marie-françoise samson, and marie-thérèse charreyre, uses an innovative approach to explore the gluten compositions of minor wheat species of nutritional interest.​​
read​ more​​



homeblock5_image







homeblock6_image



homeblock6_textanalytical resourcesnew guidelines for 
   aacc approved methods of analysis coming soon!
​​guideline for straight dough bread baking using whole wheat flour lean no time bake test guideline rapid determination of insoluble, soluble, and total dietary fiber with enzymatic-gravimetry and liquid chromatography enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (elisa) analysis of glyphosate residues in durum wheat, whole oats, oat groats, lentils, and peas diastatic activity of wheat flour or semolina - glucose oxidase peroxidase method guideline for the objective measurement of color of raw noodle sheets by color meter guideline for the objective measurement of color of boiled noodles by color meter
subscribe to ​get ongoing access to 350+ methods, including our recently added guideline for dietary fiber analysis (#32-01.01)!​​​​ 
subscribe now!
new aacc laboratory proficiency rating program (lprp) series — alternative flour!subscribe to our new alternative flour series (altflr) in the lprp flour analysis category today to receive bimonthly samples of flour from pulses, grain, and cereal sources other than wheat, such as peas, quinoa, and lentil. analys​​​es include moisture, protein, ash, dietary fiber, total starch, and more.
subscribe today!​







homeblock7_textthanks to our top corporate membersinterested in becoming a corporate member? learn more today!

    

    

    

    

     
​



homeblock7_image























about
join
contact
advertise
privacy policy
email deliverability
































