










westwind limo - jimmy's limousine service



























































skip to content







 

 





 
							jls corporate transportation						
 



 
							jls bus charters						
 



 
							westwind						
 















 
866-895-limo





 
513-769-1888









 








book now










free quote










view fleet











menu 






 

 





 
							home						
 



 
							fleet						
 



 
							services						
 



 
							faq						
 



 
							news						
 



 
							westwind limo						
 














westwind limo 







we transport you there in style! 



about westwind 



jimmy’s limousine purchased westwind limo, dayton’s #1 premier limousine and executive limo bus company in 2016. we continue to proudly serve the dayton area for 38 years!we are located right by the dayton international airport.when you are ready to talk with one of our reservation specialists to book your vehicle, give us a call at 937-898-9000. yes, it’s really that easy!everyone will know you are the vip when you show up to your special event in a westwind luxury limousine and have the sharpest dressed drivers in dayton open the door for you.our corporate and executive customers know all of our staff on a first name basis and ride easy knowing that they can decompress for a bit before they arrive safely and on time to their destination.from the airport to the boardroom, allow one of westwind’s professional chauffeur’s to cater to all of your transportation needs.imagine having all of that extra time to prepare for your important meeting. spend time ensuring your next business deal and let westwind deal with the traffic and outside distractions. do you have a client you’re wanting to “wow”? invite them for a ride around the city and lunch at one of dayton’s finest restaurants to surely impress. need all the time you can get with your business partners to prepare how you’re going to negotiate the deal?westwind has just the right executive limo bus for your team. 







our services 








 











						wedding limo service					



















						airport transport service					



















						charter bus service					



















						corporate / business limo service					



















						keeneland & kentucky derby racing					



















						high school dances					



















						holiday events					



















						special events transport					



















						cincinnati concert transportation					



















						athletes / celebrities transport					






















 
call us





 
email us





 
fleet












 




jimmy's limousine service 



we are a full service ground transportation company serving ohio, kentucky, indiana and beyond! 







 
866-895-limo





 
513-769-1888




 
7879 cincinnati dayton rd, west chester township, oh 45069




 
information@jimmyslimo.com









privacy policy 



terms of services 



faqs 








 




westwind limousine has been providing luxury transportation to the dayton area for over 27 years. 







 
937 898 9000





 
westwind facebook









follow us 






facebook
 



instagram
 



linkedin
 










 copyright © 2025 jls enterprises ltd. all rights reserved |  site by magnetic brand ltd.  























