








crabtree's collection old books




















crabtree's collection 




old books




703 bridgton road
sebago, me 04029-3344
phone (207) 787-2730
fax (207) 787-2531




 




crabtree's collection old books has been
  a reliable source of out-of-print books since 1983. we carry more than 32,000
  titles in stock at our mail order operation located in sebago, maine,
  northwest of portland. our inventory includes most subjects, but emphasizes
  nature, history, children's books, and americana. we are adding new books
  every day, and update our inventory regularly. 
 
our books are listed with
  international book sellers including alibris, abe books, abe books uk, abe books de
  (germany), abe books fr (france), antiqbooks
  (netherland), biblio.com, zvab books and others – so when you search these
  book services you are also searching for our books and can order them through
  these services





been
  looking for a special book for years? collect a special author or publisher? interested in adding
  to your collection on any subject? if you don't find the title you want after
  searching our on-line inventory, fill out a book
  want request. we'll look for you! there is no fee charged and no
  obligation to buy when we find the title you have requested.  we can often fill your order directly from
  our inventory.




process your order with us quickly - we accept payment by cash or money
  order in us$, or via: 

we
  would like to be your book search service of choice, and work hard to give you personal, prompt attention. you get to talk directly
  to the sellers, and there may be a price savings as well. all our books are
  returnable, for any reason, for a full refund of the purchase price -
  provided you let us know about the return within a week of receiving the
  book. 



confused about the terms used to
  describe out-of-print books? visit the glossary of
  book terms page. 
use the link to the universal currency converter here and
  on our order form to convert from us$ listed prices to another currency. 
follow the progress in renovating
  our old farmhouse in maine into the new home of crabtree's collection - visit
  our maine stories page and read our
  journals! 
we have a pick-your-own blueberry
  operation at the farmhouse and have highbush blueberries easy to pick! we
  usually have berries to pick from mid-july through the end of september each
  year.  visit the crabtree's pyo highbush blueberry
  page to learn more about it. 







[ home ] [ maine stories
] [ book request ] [ book terms ] [ maine blueberries ] 
[ e-mail ] 
this
page was last updated september 4, 2018.. 
copyright
© 2004-2018, allen crabtree 



