



life coaching with lindsay | home


















 

  



home
coaching
 eft tapping 
eft workshops
free stuff
about us
contact us







    







energy field tapping 
pro eft™... energy field tapping, is highly effective in alleviating emotional issues such as stress, anxiety, grief, anger, guilt, shame and more. pro eft™, an advanced cousin of emotional freedom techniques, is also effective for physical ailments. founded by eft master, lindsay kenny, pro eft™ is a cutting edge tool for reclaiming your life. read more »


workshops
we offer live workshops, webinars and teleclasses, as well as recorded versions, to teach our remarkable tapping techniques. we take you from the basics through advanced pro eft™ skills, certification and even our pro eft™ masters program. our courses cover just about every issue, including weight release, abundance, relationships & more. read more »

life coaching
 the causes of your personal challenges are not always evident; neither are the solutions. that's why a life coach can be vital to your success. a skilled coach, using tapping as the torch, can light your way to a healthy mind and body. our unique processes can help you generate rapid, painless, effective results...to help transform your life...for good. read more »

tapping products
we offer a wealth of pro eft™ products, including; recorded teleclasses, webinars, articles, e-books and audios. we even have exclusive pre-loaded eft mp3 players with hours of value material to help you heal and grow. learn how to become more effective at work, parenting and life. reclaim your power, joy and confidence.  read more »


 


welcome to pro eft,™ life coaching and tapping workshops
pro eft™ is a leading provider of pro eft workshops in the san francisco bay area and nationwide. we also offer professional life coaching services around the world via phone and skype.
lindsay kenny, eft master and expert life coach, has been utilizing tapping processes since 2000 to help others achieve happiness, joy and peace of mind. more about us 
our purpose is to offer you progressive alternatives for improving  your physical and emotional health. as leaders in the field of emotional freedom and energy field tapping, we take our responsibilities seriously…and we have a lot of fun doing it. our passion and purpose is to assist you in being the best parent, employee, boss, friend or person you can be.




here are some links to help you  navigate our site:    
  for headline news and more  awesome links click here




  
 
 
compassionate coaching since 1980
800-925-8506
 free "hot flashes" newsletter | pro eft™ products and services | tapping workshops | life coaching  | free stuff
about eft/tapping | certification |  contact us | eft practitioner listings | eft / tapping / pro eft™ | pro eft institutemedia interviews  | newsletter archives | eft™ testimonials | affiliate products | weight release  | workshop testimonials







copyright © 2012 - 2016 pro eft™ all rights reserved.



find us on:
        








