






permian basin area foundation – people who care. causes that matter.


















































 |
 |

donate
 














menumenudonors

donor opportunitiestypes of fundsdonor storiesdonor portal
nonprofits

grant opportunitiesapplication proceduresrecent grantsnonprofit endowmentsgrant portal
scholarships

scholarship opportunitiesget preparedfrequently asked questions (faq)apply here
opportunities to partner

partnership opportunitieswhy partner with pbaf?professional advisors
media center

media centerrecent developmentsannual reportse-newslettermedia kit
about us

about pbafleadershipservice areasfinancial informationwhat is a community foundation?employment


search

search for:




 














permian basin area foundation





people who carecauses that matter 




















chinati foundation









making a difference






permian basin area foundation exists to partner with donors in creating permanent charitable funds to enrich the quality of life in west texas communities.







learn more


















impact highlights












 




increasingaccess to artistic and cultural offerings 




strengtheningthe family 




investingin education for our youth 




supportinghealth and human services 






learn more












manor park fishing derby


















































our communities.
your foundation.
since 1989, permian basin area foundation has served as this region’s community foundation. the foundation partners with generous donors to leave a lasting impact in communities throughout a multi-county region of west texas. permian basin area foundation builds permanent endowments to respond to emerging and changing needs, and to sustain existing nonprofit organizations in the fields of education, arts and culture, health, social services, community development, and civic affairs.
how to give







































grants
permian basin area foundation makes grants to qualified nonprofit organizations serving the permian basin and transpecos regions with a broad range of philanthropic purposes.










scholarships
thanks to generous donors, permian basin area foundation offers scholarships to those pursuing higher education and vocational opportunities.










partners
gifts to permian basin area foundation are an investment in our west texas communities.  it is the foundation’s intention to make charitable giving easy and enjoyable for all donors in our communities.

















recent developments
 







permian basin area foundation awards $2.2 million in grants

midland, texas (november 13, 2024) – permian basin area foundation has awarded $2,235,196 to nonprofit organizations serving west texans during […]
read more









permian basin area foundation announces  $1.3 million in scholarship awards

midland, texas (august 7, 2024) – permian basin area foundation is pleased to announce $1.3 in scholarship awards and educational […]
read more









permian basin area foundation awards $1.3 million in grants

midland, texas (may 15, 2024) – permian basin area foundation has awarded $1,346,000 to nonprofit organizations serving west texans during […]
read more




















search website

search for:



connect with us





 






help us grow donate today

 



contact information permian basin area foundation
3312 andrews hwy.
midland, texas 79703
(432) 617-3213

 



quick links 
home
recent developments
donor portal login

e-newsletter signup

 







                copyright 2025 permian basin area foundation
            

















