








	bugles across america > home




















login
register







home


forums


volunteer/audition


request a bugler


bugler's post


links


contact us










welcome to the official website of 
bugles across america!
~ providing live taps to honor the veteran ~
never a charge or fee for this service
 
to request a bugler
click on the picture below
 








 



bugles across america, nfp
ein: 81-0550869
address: po box 1271, morristown nj 07962
we are a 501(c)(3) organization and accept donations
support bugles across america via zelle!
you can now support bugles across america through zelle! zelle makes it easy to send donations directly from your bank account. simply use our email address nationaldirectors@buglesacrossamerica.org to send your contribution.
how to use zelle, click here -> zelle 
or make a credit card donation via paypal! use the following link:
https://www.paypal.com/ncp/payment/ljj6u63n76wfg
just follow the link, select the amount you wish to donate, the amount multiplier and the source of the donation (credit card is the final choice)
 
your generosity helps us continue our mission and make a difference in our community. thank you for your support!

follow us on facebook
 

 







 



about us
bugles across america, nfp was founded in 2000 by tom day, when congress passed legislation stating that veterans have a right to at least two uniformed military people to fold the flag and play taps on a cd player. bugles across america was founded to take this a step further.  in recognition of the service these veterans have provided to their country, we felt that they each deserve a live rendition of taps by a real bugler. to this end, we are actively seeking capable volunteers to provide this valuable service to veterans and their families. 
bugles across america now has over 3000 bugler volunteers located in all 50 states and growing number overseas. since the department of veterans affairs is expecting more than 1/2 million veterans to pass every year for the next 7 years, bugles across america is always recruiting new volunteers. 
bugler volunteers can be male or female. they can play a traditional bugle or field trumpet with no valves, or they can complete the ceremony on a trumpet, cornet, flugelhorn, or a 1, 2 or 3 valved bugle. the bugler can be of any age as long as they can sound taps with an ease and style that will do honor to both the veterans, their families, and the burial detail performing the service. there are no fees or dues to participate as a volunteer, although there are certain directives that must be followed.
 
what to expect  after requesting one of our buglers
when one of our bugler volunteers accepts a request to sound taps for your service, you should receive communication from him or her, informing you of intent to serve your request. 

the bugler will arrive early at the gravesite, or requested location, make contact with the military honors team, and then stand ready to sound taps
our volunteers are required to look sharp, whether in civilian attire, an official bugles across america uniform, or if a veteran, he or she may be dressed in either a class a or dress level(example, dress blues) uniform of the branch they served in. some of our members are in honor guards, and may be attired in that respective uniform.
all baa buglers are required to pass an audition, demonstrating their skill level to sound taps properly. 







 



mission statement...from tom day, our founder,  president emeritus

bugles across america (baa) was founded in 2000 as a result of p.l. 106-65 that states that every qualified veteran has a right to military funeral honors. as a minimum, this calls for two people to fold and present the flag and to provide a sounding of taps.  a shortage of available military buglers was then addressed by allowing this sounding of taps to be done by way of a recording.  with this in mind, bugles across america was formed to provide live buglers to fill this need.
we have acquired both a trademark and copyright for our name and logo.  we operate and pay for our web site, however, the bugler service is provided free of charge to all that request it. baa is a totally volunteer program and receives no government financial help.
bugles across america nfp does not charge members to join nor does it collect dues. our membership consists of men and women of all ages, races, and creeds.  they are active military, veterans and civilians alike.  many are professional musicians, while others are capable but purely amateur. regardless of background or previous experience, we require all volunteers to audition by sounding taps for a director before being placed on the active bugler list to assure that every veteran’s family will receive a dignified sounding of taps.
 
our members supply their own instruments and are responsible for appearing in a timely manner for each event in appropriate attire.  we have established and published the directives for buglers, which all members are expected to follow.  all members are responsible for their transportation to and from events, and must have their own insurance coverage.
we expect a high moral and ethical standard to be maintained by our members, and to that end, any member found to have a criminal record would be removed from the roster.
we thank you for reading our mission statement and remind you that since 2000, bugles across america has been given credit for over 350,000 funeral missions, and our members have corporately given several million hours of volunteer time to our veterans and their families.

thank you for your support,
tom day, founder, president emeritus and bugler












privacy statement | terms of use
copyright 2024 by bugles across america

		built and hosted by  efficion consulting








