













it's always the right time to talk | talk with your kids







      skip to main content
    











facebook
en espanol












show mobile menu





 











start nowtimeline + tipsbuild trustshare your valuessupport your kidsknow the factshealthy relationshipswhat is a healthy relationship?is it really love?sexual coercion + assaultteens + health carehealth care teens needhow to access careteens rights to health careresourcesfaqresources for parentsresources for teensfind a clinicblog





































it's always the right time to talk






 

keep your children safe + healthy. . . talk with them about their health and relationships!

as a parent, you want to help your kids stay safe and healthy. all kids learn about topics related to their bodies, health and relationships. make sure they learn it from you first. when they hear it from you in the context of your love for them, and your values and experiences, it makes a difference. talk with your kids openly, honestly and often. let them know that they can go to you for help and information, and remind them that you are there to share resources and provide support.
here are some basics to get you started:

start now. the earlier you start, the easier it is. you don’t have to be an expert. just relax and learn with your child.
build your child’s trust in you. when you listen to your children and answer their questions honestly, you show them that you can be trusted.
talk about what’s important to you. when you and your children talk about your family’s values, your children will think about those values when they make choices in life.
help your children feel good about themselves. let them know you love them no matter what. young people who feel loved and supported by their parents make better choices for themselves.
know the facts. both boys and girls need to know the basics. we can help our kids learn what to expect as they are growing up.
find a provider you trust use our clinic search to find a clinic or doctor near you.










 
join twyk on facebook to learn more about how to talk with your kids!







share this page













resources for you













there's more at teensource.org

visit our teen-friendly site for youth-generated sexual + reproductive health information.































© 2021. all rights reserved. the images used on this website are for illustrative purposes only; any person depicted in these images is a model.





























