



red dwarf - the official website
































newsaboutwatchbuyexplore 

featurescomplete guidespace corps databasegallery

beyond 

quarantine commentarieslockdown theatregames & quizzeslinksfan clubhelp/faq



















told you it would be quick
reddwarf.co.uk is back online, but with a few changes









thirty-four
celebrating 34 years of red dwarf with 34 defining moments.











downtime
reddwarf.co.uk will be unavailable for a short time.











london comic con spring
convention guests include robert, hattie, chloë, mac and more.











dodger
danny john-jules' latest screen role.











funky vinyl
get the craig charles trunk of funk volume 2 on vinyl.











the da vinci code
everywhere you can see danny john-jules' villainous on-stage performance.











charity q&a and quiz
rob grant, paul jackson, and ed bye to make online return in support of richard's house.











the nether regions
rob grant and andrew marshall's sketch comedy returns for its first full series.











2021 - the year in dwarf
looking back over the last 12 months.











hidden features
exploring the depths of reddwarf.co.uk.











christmas gifts
finding the perfect gift for the red dwarf fan in your life.











laredo town
funding campaign to restore iconic red dwarf filming location.











web dwarf xii
music, artworks, and videos from the world of red dwarf fandom.











polymorph quiz
how well do you know the series iii classic?











dimension jump xxi
read our full report from last weekend's red dwarf convention











kryten gallery
stunning hardware photos to send you straight to silicon heaven.











dwarf on demand
everywhere you can find red dwarf to stream and download.











the quanderhorn collexion
rob grant and andrew marshall's complete sci-fi comedy, now with xclusive xtras.











a memorial for seb patrick
please sign the petition to honour the memory of reddwarf.co.uk's long-standing web editor.











into the gloop and beyond
catch up with red dwarf's co-creator, rob grant, and read his exclusive, brand-new script.











holly hop report
the fan club's online red dwarf convention was a stunning success.











coming to america
the promised land heads to britbox - plus a livestreamed comic-con panel!











landing on disc
the promised land - on dvd and blu-ray from monday!




  news archive



































follow

facebook
twitter



follow

youtube
rss feed



help/faqs
 
got a question about red dwarf or this website? check out our faq section and see if we've got an answer for you!



legal
© 2023 grant naylor productions. all rights reserved.
terms & conditions
privacy policy









