















lafayette family ymca | fitness, youth sports, and childcare




































































member login(765) 474-3448











about us

our story

youth development
healthy living
social responsibility
christian values
diversity & inclusion
strategic plan


our locations

creasy lane
downtown


our partners

franciscan health
junior achievement
iu health
ivy tech
nchs


leadership

our staff
board members


careers
contact us

share your y story


y blog


programs & activities

pedal for a purpose
ymca360
online reservations
swim lessons
program guide
childcare

school year out of school time
summer out of school time
straight arrow day camp
leaders in training
robotics camp


health & wellness

personal training
group fitness
sports
scholarship program
reaching your fitness goals


select an age group

youth
teens
adults
seniors
family




schedules & events

group fitness
aquatics / pool
youth sports sessions
events


support the y

help someone in need
support the y
volunteer


donate
 



join the y



✕














enjoy programs for the whole family when you join the lafayette family ymca!
 

searching for “gyms near me” but wanting more? with fitness, youth development, and childcare, the lafayette family ymca is more than just a gym. it’s a community.
join the y
program registration
enjoy programs for the whole family when you join the lafayette family ymca!



searching for “gyms near me” but wanting more? with fitness, youth development, and childcare, the lafayette family ymca is more than just a gym. it’s a community.


join the y
program registration
now offering all new monthly youth & family enrichment programs
 
explore a wide variety of programs that provide fun and positive experiences for the whole family!

learn more
 parent & child programsswim lessonsyouth programssummer youth programsfamily programshomeschool gym & swimat the ymca, we believe in building strong, healthy families, and our parent/child programs are designed to create lasting memories while promoting wellness together. program guide for more details!


groove & grow
sports fundamentals
little movers gym time
tinker tots
workout buddies 
our swim lessons will help your child feel comfortable and confident in the pool.


parent/child class
preschool swim basics
school-age basics
advanced strokes
our programs are created to inspire, educate, and create an environment where young minds can thrive.


book and cook
hip hop dance kids crew
art lab
sports clinic
full s.t.e.a.m. ahead
snack demos
food labs
construction labs
cricut creations
are you ready for your child to have an unforgettable summer experience?


straight arrow day camp
preschool camp
summer out of school time (o.s.t.)
leaders in training (l.i.t.)
our family programs are a great way to strengthen bonds, promote wellness, and create a lifetime of shared experiences!


family cooking night
this program will include fun and interactive skill building, a variety of youth sports, swimming, and a chance for youths to gain experience working as a team.


homeschool gym & swim
stay active & connected!
connect with the y at our creasy location, at our downtown center, and online. virtual group fitness classes are now included in your ymca membership!


please review our ymca safety guidelines to learn how to safely use your membership for in-person classes, virtual offerings, and ymca challenges. this includes online reservations, which are required for all group fitness classes, aquatic times, and virtual classes.
click the buttons below and follow us on social media for more information.pool schedule


[view now]
group fitness reservations


[reserve now]
now hiring


[view openings]experience the benefits of a ymca membership.

join the y
find programs perfect for the whole family.looking for fun for the whole family? the lafayette family ymca offers programs and activities for all ages and interests! you’ll find safe and fun options that meet all of your needs, including group fitness, swim lessons, youth and adult sports, and childcare.


try out our variety of options and activities.did you know you can attend a group class with a friend for free? or, if sports, camps, childcare, or another program is what you’re searching for, we have just what you need!

choose the membership that’s right for you. stop by to talk with our friendly staff, or purchase your membership online! the first time you come into the ymca, we’ll take care of everything so you’re ready to get started on your path to health and wellness with your choice of activities!



enjoy a safe, welcoming, and fun y community.becoming a member at the lafayette family ymca has a variety of benefits. our fitness center, group fitness classes, and many community activities are included in the cost of your membership. plus, membership at one y allows you to visit others all across the country!



find everything you need at the ymca.youth


learn moreteens


learn moreadults


learn moreseniors


learn morefamily


learn more"very welcoming and non-judgmental place to achieve fitness goals. ""the daycare takes such good care of the babies.""the staff have always been very friendly and helpful with anything we've needed.""the pool and all the facilities are a plus for the price you pay."state-of-the-art fitness centers
we provide high-quality exercise equipment and fun group fitness classes at both y locations.aquatic center
our pool area has space for lap swimming, water exercise classes,  and family fun time.childcare
from infant care to preschool and beyond, our state-certified childcare program provides exceptional care for kids in the community.youth activities
with sports leagues, summer camps, and more, we offer youth development programs for all ages.five partners
our creasy lane location has five community partners that provide more health, wellness, and youth services.community programs
we offer volunteer opportunities and family events to those in the greater lafayette area.who should become a member at the ymca?
people wanting to get active and focus on fitness.both ymca facilities offer excellent exercise equipment, free weights, and group fitness classes to help make your fitness journey great. members also use our gym, aquatics center, personal training opportunities, and wellness coaching to reach their goals.
families seeking a fun, educational, and safe environment.day camps, childcare, and educational opportunities are all available at the ymca. whether your kids spend time with us in the summer or all year, we love to provide opportunities to learn, play, and grow!
parents looking for programs to get kids moving.the y provides plenty of opportunities to get involved in activities like youth sports and swimming lessons. keep your kids healthy and active year round by checking out what the current programs are for the season and signing up!
those wanting to make lifelong connections.the y is an amazing place to meet your next best friend. we know we keep talking about the y as a community, but it really is. meeting others from all walks of life and realizing you have so much in common will help you build lasting friendships, connections, and opportunities.

join the y
why choose the ymca?1
the lafayette family ymca goes beyond just being a gym or fitness center. with childcare, youth sports, healthy living initiatives, and christian values, the y is a place everyone can feel welcome and safe in all that they do. 
2
since we opened our doors in 1889, we've been caring, honest, respectful, and responsible in all that we do. with our two facilities and five community partners, we can guide you and your family on your path to wellness and community stewardship. 
3
with exciting opportunities for youth, young adults, and families alike, the ymca is here to streamline your daily activities, help you reach wellness goals, and serve you with caring and compassionate support.  
we offer community programs for a variety of interests.youth development
we provide excellent opportunities for youth development in greater lafayette through youth sports, childcare, summer camps, educational opportunities, and more. our youth programs include activities for all ages.

learn more
healthy living
at the ymca, we value health and wellness just as much as we value family and community. that’s why we provide programs designed to improve your health and guide you on your path to overall wellness.

learn more
social responsibility
our facilities and programs are designed with the community in mind. not only do we offer youth development and health programs, but we also provide volunteer and donation opportunities, as well as community outreach.

learn more
we’re building a community at the ymca.


learn more

learn more

learn more

learn more

learn moreenjoy a place that's more than a gym.

join the y

1. check out our variety of programs and activities.
2. become a lafayette family ymca member.
3. enjoy our fitness centers, group classes, and more!















download our app 
the ymca app lets you register for youth sports and group fitness classes, schedule a personal training session, track your workouts, and more.


download on the app store
get it on google play
 
get in touch
do you have a question about our locations, schedules, program, or childcare? we can help. simply follow the link to contact us.


locations downtown location
250 main st. #50b
lafayette, in 47901
(765) 838-3605
hours of operation
 
creasy lane location
3001 s. creasy lane
lafayette, in 47905
(765) 474-3448
hours of operation

 








©  ymca. all rights reserved.              









join the y






































