






direct rail | train tickets around the uk and across europe













rail travel alerts
help & faq




home
uk trains
european trains
eurotunnel
eurostar
ski trains
ferry tickets



























around uk
international
rail passes














train tickets with direct rail
look, book and save on train tickets travelling anywhere on the uk national rail network, around europe, through the channel tunnel with eurostar and the eurotunnel car train as well as numerous other train services.
in addition to finding train times and booking your train ticket you can also view information on virtually every train station in the uk and find out how to get to many attractions, sporting venues, ferry ports and airports by train too.





special offers direct to you
sign up here





sign up for offers



invalid email address.


email already subscribed!


subscribed!
















travelling around the uk? save on average 43% when you buy in advance!



find the best way by train to airports in the uk



find the best way by train to numerous ferry ports around the uk



find the best way by train to sporting venues



find out how to travel by train to the best attractions



book trains to anywhere around europe



combine train with ferry and rail and sail to ireland and more!



explore europe and beyond with our large selection of rail passes







popular destinations



trains to london
trains to manchester
trains to birmingham
trains to liverpool
trains to edinburgh
trains to glasgow
trains to calais
trains to paris
trains to brussels
trains to lille





popular train stations



london waterloo
london victoria
manchester piccadilly
liverpool central
edinburgh waverley
birmingham new street
glasgow central
london paddington
paris gare de nord
brussels midi





popular journeys



london to manchester
london to liverpool
glasgow to london
london to edinburgh
london to york
leeds to london
london to birmingham
london to paris
london to brussels
eurotunnel to calais










trains around the uk
we cover all routes on the british rail network with all train companies. find train times and book train tickets to and from over 2500 train stations now and save as much as 80% when you book in advance compared to buying on the day.


international trains
plan and book your travel to europe by train via eurostar to numerous destinations or take your car across the channel on the eurotunnel car train.


rail and sail
book a combined rail and ferry ticket and travel from your local station to destinations in ireland, northern ireland, isle of wight and the scottish isles.


rail passes
experience the fun and budget friendly way to discover europe by train with an interrail pass! from vibrant cities to charming villages, across countries and over borders - there’s really no better way to explore the continent!
















© directrail.com, a brand of direct ferries ltd - all rights reserved.




