









speedconnect internet accelerator | cbs software - speed up your internet connection!









	speedconnect internet accelerator
	software to boost your connection



home
speedconnect
download
buy
support
contact us
• get free version
• buy full






reviews, comments and opinions 


		i have tried many so-called internet boosters. they all have been totally worthless. your product really speeds up my internet connection substantially. you have done a wonderful job there in cbs, and i would like to congratulate you and your teams for a job well done! 
		i have endorsed speedconnect to all my friends here in helsinki.
		erat hairedin, helsinki - finland
close this window









software to speed up your internet connection






is your connection optimized for best performance and speed?check it now!  download speedconnect

speedconnect awards




speedconnect internet accelerator v.10.0 just released!



	top internet accelerator (according to pc magazine), a network settings optimizer to speed up your existing dial-up modem, dsl, cable, wireless, lan, high-speed internet connections.
	
	speedconnect internet accelerator is a powerful windows application designed to optimize your network connection and speed up all your internet activities. 
	this translates into a faster internet connection, faster browsing and email, faster downloads, faster online gaming, improved skype connection.
	

speedconnect is available for immediate download. try it free!
	





speedconnect internet accelerator for windows® 10, 8, 7, vista, xp.




the speed of your network connection doesn't just depend on the speed of your hardware. windows is an operating system that is designed to work on a variety of different hardware and network setups. because of the abstract nature of the operating system, it cannot be optimized for user-specific hardware setups. 
depending on the type of network connection you have, you might be able to tweak your connection so that the speed of your internet, as well as your local area network, will be faster. by changing the system registry and optimizing the tcp/ip parameters, speedconnect can fine-tune the values to take advantage of more reliable, faster internet connections.


learn more
 | how it works
 | screen shots
 | awards
 | reviews
 | comments
 | pc magazine test



pc magazine review 
        "cbs software's speedconnect internet accelerator tops overall." 

"top 10 internet accelerators" pc world & cnn computing
"speedconnect accelerator prevents fragmentation in data transfer and optimizes your windows tcp/ip settings for faster web browsing, e-mail, and downloads." 

webattack review
 
        "if you are bothered by slow connection speed, speedconnect is a safe, fast and inexpensive way to optimize your system settings." 

internetadvisor review
 
        "speedconnect can automatically work out the best way to squeeze that extra bit of speed out of your computer's internet connection." 
 zdnet review 
        "...in a few words: easy to use, aol adapter support, excellent online help, lan and dun support" 
        







how it works

speedconnect prevents fragmentation in data transfer using the tcp/ip protocols used on the internet, greatly increasing the connection throughput and the download/upload speeds (kbps).
because windows default network settings have general values and are not optimized for a specific internet connection type, speedconnect software calculates, optimize and safely change several network related settings to known optimized values, in a recursive process, until it discovers the best settings for your specific connection. basically, speedconnect applies optimized network settings values which will prevent the data packets fragmentation and will speed up your connection. all this translates into faster web browsing, faster e-mail, faster downloads and improved overall internet performance.


speed optimization 
speedconnect internet accelerator is designed to optimize the network tcp/ip settings and speed up all your internet related activities including browsing, downloading, uploading, streaming, online gaming, sending and receiving email. 
      	speedconnect quick optimizer mode provides the fastest way to speed up your connection. 
      	experienced users get total control in advanced mode, which provides manual access to all settings.





benefits

features








 faster internet connection
 browse faster 
         send and receive e-mail faster 
	   download and upload files faster 
	   play online games faster 
	   improve skype connection 
	   no adware,  no hardware installation      
	   no service subscription, no monthly fees
	   no new hardware installation



 optimizes all internet connection types
 user friendly
         quick optimizer option 
	   advanced customization
	   tool and wizards
	   load/save settings      
	   optimization report
	   connection analyzer









download speedconnect internet accelerator - try it free!      
more screen shots



















speedconnect internet accelerator: fast, easy and safe network optimization!
since 1998 speedconnect is one of the top internet accelerators. over the years has been improved and modified several times, becoming one of the best internet accelerators available on web. reviewed by many important magazines speedconnect won several top, 5 stars, best tool awards. all the reviews and testimonials are speaking for this tool: is user friendly, is updated and built for the latest windows versions, is fast and safe. 
	
pc magazine: "speedconnect internet accelerator tops overall".
  *** learn more ***




speedconnect internet accelerator
... is a powerful, easy-to-use network optimizer for windows, developed to boost your internet connection speed. speedconnect internet accelerator  optimizes several system and network related settings for any internet connection type: modem/dial-up, lan, cable, xdsl, isdn, t1, wireless, satellite.
get more info about speedconnect



 
 



 



internetadvisor's review:


 
						

 
						



do you waste hours sitting in front of a blank computer screen waiting for a web page to finish loading? do you find
							that downloading even a small file from the internet to your computer takes ages? you're not alone.
							most people think that the connection speed of their computer to the internet is just a question of how fast their
						  modem works, but there is a little bit more than that.							speedconnect is a clever program that can subtly adjust

 


certain settings on your computer to speed up your internet
							connection. although your windows operating system is a pretty good administrator to most of the programs you run
							on your computer, it is not always set up to be the best at everything for everyone's computer. 
							speedconnect can automatically work out the best way to squeeze that extra bit of speed out of your computer's internet connection.




speedconnect can really make a difference to your internet connection. if you are not convinced,
							then try downloading a file from a web site before making the settings and then try to download the same file afterwards.
							you should notice a reasonable difference. you could do the same test by visiting a web site but you must remember
							to empty your web browser's cache, or else this will make it look as you have a much faster connection than you
							actually do have. [internetadvisor magazine]





entrepreneur.com's review:



speedconnect internet accelerator - spinach for
							your internet connection
							"it's an application that would make popeye proud!"




[article by j.w. dysart - software analyst and internet business consultant, has written for more than 40
							publications, including the new york times and the financial times of london.]










reviews:
		"speedconnect accelerator prevents fragmentation in data transfer and optimizes your windows tcp/ip settings for faster web browsing, e-mail, and downloads." 
"top 10 internet accelerators" pc world & cnn computing

 
        "if you are bothered by slow connection speed, speedconnect is a safe, fast and inexpensive way to optimize your system settings." 
webattack review

 
        "cbs software's speedconnect internet accelerator tops overall." 
pc magazine review
 
        "speedconnect can automatically work out the best way to squeeze that extra bit of speed out of your computer's internet connection." 
internetadvisor

 
        "...in a few words: easy to use, aol adapter support, excellent online help, lan and dun support" 
         zdnet review





comments:
			"fantastic software! dear sirs, about three and a half years ago i moved from south africa to new zealand. regrettably i moved to an area with no land line connection. gone was my internet free talking to sa on skype. luckily  i discovered your program and opted for the fee trial. eureka! it works on a 2g connection and i now talk to family and friends. i thank you very much . a very grateful dave.
			"
			dave elliott, new zealand

			"i have to write to tell you this!  i purchased your speedconnect internet accelerator last night and i have been running tests all day at different test sites!  this software is the ultimate accelerator, nothing i have previously tried out even comes close to yours!  i have 5 mb adsl pppoe lan and the best i have ever got speed wise is 700 kb's download!  today on all the tests i did i was getting an average of 825 kb's that is an 18% improvement in download speed and uploading speed were proportional!
			 to me that is phenomenal! i mentioned this to my ip and he was in awe!  that was the best investment in software i have ever made!  i am an advance computer applications analyst and testing of software is my livelihood!  keep up the good work on your product, but truthfully i can't see how it could be improved upon, it is hard to improve on perfection!!
			" 
			carl n ells , canada

			"i have tried many so-called internet boosters. they all have been totally worthless. your product really speeds up my internet connection substantially. you have done a wonderful job there in cbs, and i would like to congratulate you and your teams for a job well done! 
			i have endorsed speedconnect to all my friends here in helsinki." 
			erat hairedin, finland

			"i shall not hesitate to recommend your software to my friends and family, both on the strength of the software capabilities and the efficiency of your support. thanks again!
			"
			matthew messom, uk

			"today i downloaded and installed speedconnect. i had been using another web accelerator
			program but was having problems with it. i found speedconnect to work better and give noticeable results." 
			thomas schiller, germany 

			 "i
			was plagued with speed problems with my cable modem since it was installed. since i have installed and optimized
			with speedconnect, my speed has increased dramatically - anywhere from 2x to 10x the speed i was getting previously..."  
			andrew miller, usa 

			 "i am eternally grateful for your product. worth
			every penny just in the amount of saved time while downloading or surfing the internet. thanks again! " david porter, uk 

			"it's the best of the lot! i am stuck having to use an analog modem (no dsl in my area). i tried every dial-up-modem accelerator and this is
			the one that works the best of all (for my system)."
			cnet users opinions









fr
de
es
it
ru
fe
ro







	©1998-2025 cbs software. all rights reserved.
	cbs software • 1504 a. crestone ave • colorado springs, co 80906 
		fax: 1-801-315-4743 • email: info@cbs-soft.com
	
	
      















