


north shore towers: a high-rise co-op in floral park, ny













fair housing notice, click here








we specialize in resales at north shore towers - the award winning luxury residential community of the 21st century in floral park, ny. just 16 miles from manhattan, north shore towers features the finest in country club living. amenities abound such as the 18-hole championship golf course, five lighted hard-tru tennis courts, indoor and outdoor heated swimming pools, 24 hour security and concierge service, continuous express bus service to manhattan, and a highly convenient indoor shopping concourse.  on this site, we aim to inform you about the wonderful community of north shore towers and why north shore towers can give you an extraordinary family living experience.












24 hour concierge and doorman service in each tower


18-hole, par 71 golf course and pro shop


5 har-tru tennis courts lit for night play, basketball court


indoor and outdoor heated swimming pools


health club with aerobics classes, hot tub, sauna, steam rooms

shopping mall with restaurant, chase bank, supermarket, fruit store, drug store with pharmacy, 
        movie theater, beauty parlor, day spa, full service contractor, clothing boutique, dry cleaner, travel agency, library & art studio

school district 26, access to new york city's finest public schools

innovative state of the art playground for family enjoyment

mta express bus to manhattan

courtesy bus to local shopping

20 minutes from jfk  & laguardia airports

24 hour attended gatehouse


underground parking, patrolled and monitored






















































































proximity to manhattan and the wide array of recreational amenities available to residents make north shore towers the ideal community for those who seek a lifestyle with a unique blend of city and country club living.


contact annette kroll on-site at   718-631-8867(residence) if you would like to visit an apartment in north shore towers or are interested in selling your apartment at north shore towers. or you may click
here to let us know how we can be of help to you.






about us | apartments for sale | directions to nst | contact us


community life at nst:   health club | nst indoor mall | golf & tennis | people


click an underlined item above to transfer to its page.



annette kroll, all rights reserved
   * not affiliated with north shore towers management co. or board of directors


web site address:  http://www.annettekroll.com
web master: internet communication services
content is provided by annette kroll
copyright © 2000 - 2012 [annette & glenn kroll] all rights reserved.
revised: june 20, 2020.


