







































    
    delaware veterinary medical association | veterinary professionals
  
  

















               


 
    about dvma


   leadership



  volunteer opportunities



  dei book drive





  membership


   join as a new member



  renew an existing membership





  education


   calendar of events



  spring conference



  virtual learning



  certified veterinary assistant program



  veterinary practice growth



  event attendance policies





  advocacy



  career center



  resources



  partner with us


   advertise



  sponsor or exhibit








   

login




   







    
 





        


 



 delaware veterinary
﻿medical association

 dedicated to the success of your 
veterinary practice 


     

learn about us


   

become a member







    join us for upcoming events

    dvma helps you build a well-rounded veterinary team and enhance knowledge in medicine, veterinary technology, practice management, and overall wellbeing.

  

get event notifications


 






  
  success starts with
membership

      







  a community of expertise

with over 300 members, dvma is a place where you can connect, collaborate, and build relationships within delaware's veterinary community.



     



  high quality continuing education

dvma offers 30+ hours of approved continuing education hours annually with its 3 conferences, 6 county meetings, and several webinars.  on-demand learning is coming soon!



     



  industry news

dvma keeps you informed through monthly e-newsletters, bi-annual printed newsletters, and social media posts.



      






  advocacy that represents you

dvma is your exclusive advocate on the legislative and regulatory issues that impact veterinary medicine.



  

more about membership

in every aspiration we have you covered.this is our profession.this is our cause.come join us.



     





    resources for a 
thriving career

     

    virtual learning


 january 13, 2024

are you looking for opportunities to earn continuing education credits?  here are a few resources that may be helpful.

 




   

    volunteer opportunities


 january 13, 2024

the delaware veterinary medical association offers a variety of ways to get involved and have an impact in our profession.  below you'll find committees and work groups that are currently available.                                                                                                            want to get involved?                                                                                                    fill out this interest form                                               and we'll get you connected.

 




   

    veterinary student scholarships


 january 11, 2024

the delaware veterinary medical association is pleased to offer veterinary students the opportunity to apply for 3 scholarships during the 2024/2025 academic year. please choose the scholarships from the list below for which you are applying. you are eligible to apply for all scholarships using this one form.                                                                                                            application deadline: march 31, 2025

 





 show more




     





viewmore







      2025 
platinum partners
 
      










   delaware veterinary medical association4470 forrest avenue, dover de 19904302.455.8387       christine@devma.org



     © 2025 
all rights reserved | delaware veterinary medical association


terms & conditions     privacy policy   
cookie policy





















































































































  
  share by:








