




alpha omega consulting group


















 




 home 
      | contact us |
      contracts | products | services
 demo and downloads |
tlpp help | faqs |
search the help manual |

update | tightvnc



tweet


















 




alpha omega consulting group, inc. offers a full range of computer-related
              software and services to companies worldwide, and we also offer
              on-site services to companies and individuals located in nashville and middle tennessee. our goal is to be "the 
            beginning and the end of your search for computer hardware, software, programming, training and support." 
            in particular, we offer services that are hard to find in the middle
              tennessee area: on-site service, training and support, custom 
            programming, title loan software, cash advance software, payday loan
              software, advanced accounting software with an emphasis on 
            construction, job cost and estimating, and ultra-fast, 
            ultra-reliable linux and unix solutions, and much more.





alpha omega consulting group, inc.
              programmers are hard at work every day developing software that is
              fast, reliable, easy to learn 
            and stable. and they've been doing it since 1980! we
              have developed feature-rich, fast, stable, reliable software
              packages for a number of industries, including: auto title
              loan software, cash advance software, payday loan software, check
              cashing software, money order software, linux construction
              software, linux job cost software, estimating software, medical
              software, pest control software,
              telemarketing "do not call" software, meter
              click billing software, and more. our unix/linux
              construction job cost software is open source and has been for over 20
              year!  having the
              program source code means greater flexibility because our programs
              can be tailored to suit your business.





from setting up a single computer to
              complex computer networks to internet solutions to custom programming, alpha omega
              consulting group, inc. helps you 
            succeed.  in the nashville and middle tennessee areas, we provide
              on-site computer and network installations, service, training and support. for other
              areas, we provide full remote support via the internet.




 
        
        


 home 
      | contact us |
      contracts | products | services
 demo and downloads |
tlpp help | faqs |
search the help manual |

update | tightvnc

copyright © 1999 - 2009 alpha omega 
consulting group, inc.
all rights reserved.

 




 


