

  








tenafly hotels | the clinton inn tenafly nj hotel | hotel near yankee stadium and the new jersey performing arts center.



















skip to main content
skip to footer
go to accessibility page












clinton inn hotel & event center


the clinton inn hotel & event center

photo gallery
special offers
directions






accommodations

accessible features
testimonials


amenities
meetings

floorplans & capacity charts


weddings & banquets

bar & bat mitzvahs
reunions
floorplans & capacity charts


area guide


tours


request information







tenafly hotel rooms
view accommodations




palmer's crossing restaurant
more information








make a reservation:













book now!


(201) 871 3200













weddings & banquets

					making your next event memorable at the clinton inn hotel
				





meetings & conferences

					over 12,000 square feet of flexible meeting and banquet space
				





services & amenities

					all the extras to make your stay in tenafly comfortable
				








the clinton inn hotel & event center
comfortable accommodations and sensational events
discover the charming gem that is the clinton inn hotel, where you'll find comfortable, contemporary updated guest rooms with mini-refrigerators and microwaves. the clinton inn hotel is an ideally situated tenafly, new jersey hotel, within walking distance to shops, theatres, restaurants and local businesses. this unique suburban boutique hotel is also convenient to bergen county's business district, six miles from the george washington bridge and close to fort lee, bergenfield, leonia, teaneck, cresskill, demarest, closter, haworth, new milford, norwood, major highways and new york city.
the towns of englewood and englewood cliffs are just one mile from the clinton inn hotel featuring deluxe shopping, restaurants, a thriving corporate business area, and the bergen performing arts center.
 



things to do & explore in tenafly:

hotel near yankee stadium
hotel near the new jersey performing arts center











the clinton inn hotel & event center tenafly nj
145 dean drive • tenafly, new jersey 07670
phone: (201) 871-3200 • fax: (201) 871-3435
website & marketing by l.e.t. group
website design copyright © 2018, l.e.t. group, inc. all rights reserved.
the clinton inn hotel is pet-free & smoke-free
hotel accessibility | web accessibility | site map | privacy policy




sign up for our newsletter:






facebook
tripadvisor
yelp


































