




manualman.com: manualman online


















 



high quality vintage manuals
by manualman
for amateur radio, audio, & radio-related equipment



search our online catalog
ordering
feedback


 







										
										 quick search by model number: 
										










							| 
																												
							 | maintain your profile | login 
							| home |		
						









manualman specializes in amateur radio, audio, and radio-related manuals 
				primarily from manufacturers who no longer support certain older equipment models 
				or from manufacturers who no longer exist. manualman always recommends you 
				check the availability of needed manuals from the original equipment manufacturer first. 
				an original manual on a complex piece of electronic equipment (with multi-layer boards, 
				path layouts, complex schematics, color layer identification, etc.) is always easier 
				to read than a replication. if the manufacturer can no longer supply the information you 
				need, manualman would be happy to serve you.  
			






 what we do 






manualman specializes in vintage manuals for amateur radio, audio, 
										and radio-related equipment. digital high quality and readable 
										replications are always manualman's specialty. your complete 
										satisfaction is always guaranteed. 
									


										
										  quality is the number one customer priority
										  100% digital quality complete replications 
										  fully readable, digital high quality throughout 
										  quality paper and heavy cover stock
										  lay-flat bindings and saddle stitching  
										  customer satisfaction guaranteed 
										  reasonable pricing and timely delivery 
										  provide this service in a professional & dedicated manner
 
										all manuals are prepared to look "like new." this means that all 
										markings, notes, hand-drawn pictures, etc. will be removed (as best 
										as possible) from the original before a replication will be made. 
										depending on the condition of the original, there may be sections, 
										paragraphs, or entire pages that may have to be retyped. all reproductions 
										are done back-to-back or as the original dictates. if, in the process of 
										providing a replication of a schematic, assembly drawing, or specialized layout, 
										and sheet bonding is required due to an unusual sheet size, manualman will 
										provide this service at no additional charge.  complex schematics 
										are generally enlarged to fit on 11 x 17 sheets. large schematics are 
										generally replicated full size. schematics are not cut up to fit on 8.5 x 11 sheets.																			
									








 recommended internet links 






manualman recommends the following internet links:
								







alinco
					manufacturer of value-priced hf/vhf/uhf transceivers and related supplies.




american radio relay league 
					arrl is one of the oldest organizations supporting the needs of the radio amateur.




electric radio 
					a great monthly publication for those who appreciate the intrinsic value of operating vintage equipment and the rich history of radio.




heil sound
					a great selection of microphones and accessories for all your current "state of the art" and vintage amateur radio equipment.




icom
					a major international manufacturer of receivers, transceivers and supplies for the radio amateur.




kenwood
					a major international manufacturer of receivers, transceivers and supplies for the radio amateur.




kji electronics
					a respected vendor of amateur radio equipment and supplies.




the rf connection
					great source for all types of connectors for the amateur, hobbyist, audio, and commercial arenas. they also carry coaxial cables, balanced lines, antenna wire, grounding wire, rotor cable, and miscellaneous accessories.




yaesu
					a major international manufacturer of receivers, transceivers and supplies for the radio amateur.












 faq 






									 the online catalog is database-driven.  when you search for a manual, you can provide all
									 (or part) of a model number.  all military and consumer electronics product manuals 
									 are searched simultaneously.
									 
									 click here for the faqs (frequently asked questions.)
									 
									 although we believe the site is fairly straight forward in its operation, some questions may come 
									 to mind. please review the faq's (frequently asked questions) to see if your question has been 
									 addressed. if your question has not been addressed after reviewing the faq's, please feel free 
									 to address your question directly to me at pete@manualman.com.
									








 restoration & repair resources 






manualman has the following resources.  for more details, click on the links:
								







antique electronic supply
http://www.tubesandmore.com
						aes is a well-respected resource for tubes, capacitors, resisters, and other electronic components for vintage electronics.  they also have a good inventory of finishes, chemicals, alignment tools and cabinet parts for your restoration projects.




rf parts
http://www.rfparts.com 
						great source for cable, connectors, rf modules, semiconductors, heatsinks, transmitting and receiving tubes, sockets, relays, and much more!












 about us 






									if you would like to learn more about manualman and his activities and interests, click here.									
								








 terms and conditions 









your satisfaction is guaranteed




												if you are not satisfied with the quality of the 
												product received, you may return it postpaid for a full refund. however, 
												we reserve the right to cancel this guarantee if, upon inspection, we determine
												the product is not returned in like-new condition, or has been tampered with.
											



u.s. and international shipping charges




												we ship products to the united states and related territories using usps.  other 
												special shipping arrangements can be considered only if the customer bears the 
												cost. no products are shipped by book or media rate. any products, beyond a 
												certain weight class, are automatically shipped by the usps priority mail service. 
												
												for orders to all non-u.s. countries, shipping and handling charges must be computed. after going through checkout, the process will automatically generate a request for a quote so that we can compute the actual shipping and handling charges to your country. after the actual shipping and handling charges are determined by us, the total charge for products and shipping and handling will be sent to the customer's e-mail address on file. 
												
												usps air mail ships all non-u.s. orders. for certain countries, global priority shipping can also be considered.											



security




												we understand you are concerned with the information in your profile.  
												the information is stored in a database using the same ssl encryption technology employed by sites 
												such as amazon.com and ebay.com, so you can be assured that your information and 
												contact information is safe and sound - and ready for your next order without having to re-enter your information. 
											












 manuals with special pricing 






manualman sometimes has products on sale.  if so, click on the link(s) below:
								





nifty! accessories kenwood th-f6a/th-f7e-2 tri-fold cards sale $5.00 guide manual

nifty! accessories yaesu ft-2600  sale $4.00 guide manual

nifty! accessories yaesu ft-2800  sale $4.00 guide manual

nifty! accessories icom ic-208h  sale $4.00 guide manual

nifty! accessories icom ic-2100h/2100h25n  sale $4.00 guide manual

nifty! accessories icom ic-910h - 1 available sale $12.00 mini manual

nifty! accessories icom ic-2200h  sale $4.00 guide manual

nifty! accessories kenwood tm-v708a  sale $12.00 mini-manual manual

nifty! accessories yaesu ft-1802m/e  sale $4.00 guide manual

nifty! accessories icom ic-r20  sale $13.00 mini-manual/guide manual

nifty! accessories yaesu ftm-10r/10e  sale $13.00 mini manual

nifty! accessories ldg at200pro sale $4.00 guide manual

nifty! accessories ldg z-11pro  sale $4.00 guide manual

nifty! accessories elecraft k3  sale $14.00 mini-manual manual

nifty! accessories icom ic-92a/ad, ic-e92ed  sale $14.00 mini-manual/guide manual

nifty! accessories yaesu ft-1500  sale $4.00 guide manual

nifty! accessories yaesu ft1dr/xdr  sale $23.95 mini manual










 news 






manualman will be posting interesting news items, what’s new on the site, hamfests manualman will be attending, and relevant information for amateur radio and vintage electronic equipment.								
								







trouble placing an order
if you setup your profile and get an error message when placing an order, close your browser and then restart it, log in, and then place your order - if you have questions, email manualman@juno.com 




credit cards
we gladly accept credit card payments through paypal. you do not need to have a paypal account to pay with a credit card through paypal--all you need is a credit card.




flex radio systems®
flex-6000 series™ manuals are now available manualman is the authorized distributor and printer of the flex-1500™, flex-3000™, flex-5000 series™, and flex-6000 series™ manuals. the ke9ns v2.8.0 new features document is also included with the 1500, 3000, and 5000 documents. the manuals are available in high resolution and high quality laser color printed version. various binding options are available. 
				  click here for more information.
				
			



catalog update
				the catalog was last updated on 
october 8, 2024 with 110 additional 
manuals 
			



wtb original manuals
				manualman is always looking to buy original manuals to add to the collection. manualman does not buy manuals that are copies. 
			



lafayette operating & service manuals available
				we have one of the largest collections of lafayette operating and service manuals available. over 1500 different models are now listed in the database 
				  click here for more information.
				
			











 our customer feedback 






									here are some comments manualman has received on our products and services. 
									if you would like to provide feedback about this site or our products and services, click here.
								










01/04/2025: ricky wade
				 
your manuals are excellent. the way they are 
bound makes them better than the originals. 
the way they lay flat makes it easy to look at 
while your working. quality paper, pictures and 
the fold outs make for easy repair. regards, 
ricky




11/19/2024: lee bahr   w0vt
				 i just received the sb-102 manual i ordered from manualman. it is so nice i just have to tell everyone how pleased i am with it.  it could not have been reproduced any better then this as it looks like an original print.  there is no black smudges, no builder check marks, no printer lines, clear pictures in which you can actually see components.  this thing is beautiful.  the sb-102 manual is huge and has lots of fold outs.  this manual has them and they are all professionally folded.  in all, this was not an easy manual to copy yet the results could not be better.  this manual is spiral bound.  not too many things impress me these days but this manual is a thing of beauty!  i am glad i got it and not just use the downloads available free on the internet.  real foldouts really help diagnosing a radio.


lee, w0vt





10/18/2024: bob whitten
				 wow!!! i am so amazed at the quality of the act-
t16k service manual!! if there was a listing better 
than "excellent" i don't know the word! 5 stars 
for excellence of your work should be added to 
the "excellent *****!"

in the future, should i need another service 
manual, i will definitely order it from you!!!

thank you so much for your fine work, and may 
god bless you and yours!




09/30/2024: mike......zl1mh.
				 i just received a kenwood ts570d service manual from manualman - have previously purchased the kenwood ts930 service manual from him (a few years ago) & i wanted to acknowledge the great service and the quality of pete's manuals. excellent print quality and, equally important, the schematics are full-size...just like the kenwood originals!
highly recommended.
with many thanks!




09/13/2024: bob andrews
				 the heathkit sb-102 manual i ordered arrived 
and it is a very high quality manual which will 
help me debug my sb-102. i have ordered 
other manuals from pete and i have never 
been disappointed.

73,  bob w3ara




08/30/2024: charles pomy
				just received the heathkit hp-13a, sb-500, and sb-630 manuals. absolutely beautiful! these are the best reproduction manuals extant. great value, thanks!




08/24/2024: wes matthews
				thanks pete! always great stuff. 




04/24/2024: frans van helvoort
				 after a far travel, from usa to the netherlands, in 
only 5 days, i received the service/operating 
manual for the very rare lafayette bcr101. the 
printing is very good and clear, just as good as the 
original i think. i am very glad with this manual 
cause my machine needs a re-alignment. no 
where on the whole planet was this manual 
available, but manualman helped me out. great 
service.




02/23/2024: ken s.
				this was for a heathkit ip-18.  best way i can described this is not reproduced but “remastered”.  no extraneous marks.  very sharp printing. perfectly done foldouts.  comb binding lays flat.  sure, costs more than printing poor nth-generation scans off the interwebs, but worth every penny.  please pete never ever stop your unique service!




02/22/2024: randy rance 
				 received the manual, wow! completely 
professionally reproduced. the schematic and 
alignment instructions more complete then "sam's 
photofact". thank you for a wonderful document!




02/13/2024: dave sanders
				recently ordered the service manual for the 
marantz 2275. it was done in a very professional 
manner which included the factory service notes. 
the schematics and images were extremely 
sharp and detailed.  




09/28/2023: steve di palma
				 i was so impressed with the first manual i 
ordered i immediately ordered a manual for 
a project i was just talking with a customer 
about.  print quality and manual assembly 
are top notch … all foldouts are printed 
11 x 17 and all are printed on nice stock.  did 
i say the print is crystal clear all the way 
through?  i believe the manual i just received 
was originally printed in a smaller format 
than the 8 ½ x 11 format i received – 
excellent for my not so good eyes!  the 
list of available manuals is extensive and 
imho, very reasonably priced.  at least for 
now, pete throws in a $3.00 off coupon that 
can be used as many times as you wish 
through the end of the year … getting my list 
together now.  i think pete is a one-man 
show, so delivery takes between two and 
three weeks (at least for the complex 
manuals i purchased) so order a little earlier 
than your need date because it’s worth the 
wait!




03/28/2023: dennis bowker 
				 received my order today excellent service. had a 
manual l could not find anywhere else. 
thanks and will definitely use you again.




03/18/2023: dave laplante
				 i come from a professional service shop 
background, so i know how important it is to 
have the oem service data. i recently began 
restoring a 1973 lafayette amp and did not 
expect i would have an easy time locating 
the correct manual. this amp has very 
specific alignment procedure. a short search 
on the internet led me to your company and 
the exact manual i needed. then i realized 
this was not going to be just a blurry 
download but a proper paper (yes, i can only 
work from a paper schematic) bound copy 
with fold out schematics. i never expected a 
service as yours still existed. i am telling 
other's about manualman and i will be 
ordering more manuals in the future. thank 
you.




08/05/2022: john ellenburg
				 got my manual (viz wp707) today. first rate 
work, great manual. i will order again. thanks, 
john




07/29/2022: theodore peckler
				 manuals are top quality, not some download you 
find on the internet. i've purchased several 
manuals, cubic, atlas, heathkit. schematics are 
very clear easy to read, in original format not in 
pieces (unless done by the manufacturer). 
definitely my go to guy for manuals.  




06/25/2022: ken mohr
				 i have been searching for a gonset gr-211 
schematic and manual. thanks to your service 
i finally have a professional manual with a fold-
out schematic at a very reasonable price. your 
web site will be my first choice when i need any 
more schematics. thank you, 
ken mohr n3rgn 




05/19/2022: scot thompson
				 wow! it is hard to believe the high quality of the manual and the schematic was large and readable. this is the place to purchase manuals from.




05/11/2022: bruce macdougall
				received the service manual for my lafayette lt-725 tuner. it is very nicely done.  printing is crisp and high quality.  pages are bright white heavier bond. cover is nicely done in heavy bond with a nice tint.  plastic binding is fine.  well packed and included a $3 coupon as a bonus!  thanks.




01/09/2022: bob
				 i have purchased several manuals from pete over the years. they are always top quality and in some instances better than new. he uses top quality materials to produce the copies. 




12/29/2021: greg
				 i just want to thank you for supplying the 
manual i had ordered with an enlarged 
fantastic full size high resolution fold out 
schematic with the hallicrafters s-118 
mkii manual!
all of the text was extremely legible and 
the diagrams were easy to understand 
without “fuzzy,” or “pixelated” text and 
images!
manualman.com will be my first choice 
from now on!

thanks again,

     73, 
          greg





12/09/2021: robert m owens
				simply put these are the finest quality manual's i 
have ever seen or come across. oem manuals, 
reprinted clearly and some come with a large 
pullout schematic. i restore vintage analog test 
equipment and manualman has come 
through for me always. 5 stars and a fantastic 
price too. what more can you ask for?
robert owens




12/08/2021: chris johnson
				fantastically reproduced original manuals in their 
original format and size, including pictorials and 
foldouts. it's rare that such quality is available at 
such a great price.




11/24/2021: bruce frederick
				i just received the second manual i've 
ordered from you. both have been nicely 
reproduced and well packaged for shipping. 
well worth the reasonable cost. 

i recently retired from a four decade career in 
technical documentation and i truly 
appreciate the quality standards that you 
maintain in your product.
bruce




10/20/2021: tom sherwood
				 ordered a manual for the 1936 ge e-105 
radio i must restore.  excellent manual.  way 
head and shoulders above what is floating around 
on the internet.  the internet data is poor and 
illegible. there is no way i could restore this can- 
of-worms radio without this manualman manual. 
manualman has always served me well and is 
a valuable resource for your projects. 




03/29/2021: colin gunn
				received my service manual with some 
surprise. the manual was in a user friendly folder with a cover. crisp clean and readable.  the schematics and photos were clear and helped solve some issues with the original build. looking to rebuild another radio and have returned to the manualman for assistance 




03/18/2021: breck elder
				received my first manual. i was highly impressed! other sources often provide low resolution copies where much of the information is illegible. manualman has the equipment to provide high resolution 
images. you won't find better quality anywhere else!  please support him. he is a resource we would hate to loose. i will look to manualman for all my needs in the future. he does deliver "high 
quality vintage manuals".




02/04/2021: eric morgin
				 received manual today what a surprise.  
shipped fast, looks professionaly made, spiral 
bound and well presented. first class work.
thanks for your effort.
eric




01/17/2021: bill shadid
				i just received my kenwood ts-900 operating 
manual and also the service manual. i could not 
be more pleased at the quality of the photographs 
and the schematics. excellent work. and, i am 
finding items here that are unavailable elsewhere. 
i just ordered the operating and the service 
manuals for the kenwood ts-511s. from what i 
had heard for sometime, the service manual did 
not exist. well, i had not looked here!! thank you 
for your good work, pete. 




08/25/2020: david rich
				i am extremely impressed by the quality of the reproductions. once i saw the quality, i put in five more orders in a month. these are the finest i have seen and i have used over five vendors of physical manuals over time. one schematic i purchased, which is available from no other vendor, was listed as poor. what i was sent looked like an original. pete told me it had been processed with new digital copying technology. manualman will be my first choice when i need to order service manuals going forward.





08/11/2020: howard jeffrey
				 concur 100% with joe fellers comments!  i 
was very pleasantly surprised with the very 
high quality of the, i assume, reproduction.  
easily on par with or better than most original 
manuals i've received with equipment!  paper 
stock and binding very professionally put 
together.  i'm sure i'll be a repeat customer!




03/01/2020: joe fellers
				i just received the manual for the 83 yx 787 tuner that i ordered. what you sent far exceeds my expectations.  i was expecting a blurry copy of a scanned document (what i’ve gotten from sams) or at best a stack of photocopied pages with a staple. i definitely did not expect a perfect, and perfectly clear, replica of the original complete with binding. this is just amazing. thanks so much.
consider me a very satisfied customer. 







01/27/2020: gary resta
				received my an/grr-5 manual today and was very happy i did not buy the original on-line. this is so much better.




01/21/2020: ed brabham
				 i am amazed to see that many manuals/schematics for my 70's quadraphonic units are still available here. plus, the print reproduction and binding quality on my first order is absolutely top-notch! thanks pete!




12/23/2019: george myers
				received my copy for a heathkit 
oscilloscope model io-21 which i am going to turn into a dedicated curve tracer. 
calling it a "copy" is a little misleading. i really was not expecting this high quality. 
for any manuals i need in the future i will not be looking for a free copy online, now my first choice will be the manualman manuals.






09/29/2019: jamie avera
				received my optonica sa-5105 service manual 
today. totally impressed! it looks fantastic! i don't 
know if you actually recreated some of the stuff in 
there, but it looks like it came fresh off the press. 
the fold-out schematics are perfect. it's obvious 
that a perfectionist put this together. thanks so 
much!




06/26/2019: mike rivera
				 i just received a beautiful manual for my 
panasonic rf-2600. great quality and great 
service. thanks pete, i'll be back ...




05/08/2019: dexter lovrien
				 just received manual for heathkit ar-1500.  
impressed by the very crisp quality of the print.  
far easier to read the component values etc. on 
the schematics.  also the plastic spline binding 
allows laying the manual out flat.  no more 
splitting of the old binding and pages falling out.  
thanks manualman, i'll be ordering more soon.




01/25/2019: terrence w. doucet
				 i purchased a beautifully reproduced copy of a 
hard to find manual and schematic from manual 
man.  you won't be disappointed.
fast shipping and good product !





10/11/2018: ron
				received my mt-1 manual today. delivered on time and an excellent reproduction.  every page of the original manual is there, including neatly folded fold out details.  nice spiral binding and every page was copied and bound straight.  very nice quality.  keep up the good work!




09/15/2018: bill, kd1sh
				 while you might find what you need in a free download on the web, much of it will be blurry, incomplete, or barely legible. my manual from manualman was clear and sharp, complete, and referenced the correct version of my rig. everyone loves free stuff, but if you can't read it or it's missing crucial parts, it won't do you much good.  for manualman's very reasonable prices, you'll get a manual you can actually use.




07/17/2018: robin
				 i had been searching for the manual for months and finally found it here. professionally built manuals at a great price. could not have made a better purchase. thank you.




05/29/2018: k9ly
				thank you for a high-quality product. the print quality is excellent and the paper stock feels very durable. the lay-flat binding makes it easy to read the manual on the workbench. i would highly recommend manualman to anyone.




04/24/2018: terry dowling
				 i ordered a lafayette bcr-101 manual from 
manualman and was amazed at the quality of the 
manual. much better than expected. great follow 
up and communications with quick shipping.




04/01/2018: j. michael raby
				 i received a lafayette lr-800 manual last week 
and am extremely impressed with the quality! the 
service was very fast and smooth. the manual 
was packaged with care and marked to avoid 
bending, etc. i will definitely use manualman for 
any future needs. excellent!!! thank you!




03/20/2018: al givens ke8hag
				 got my manual today. i was speechless. if i didn't know any better i'd swear it came from the manufacture. i couldn't believe the detail and the extra effort he had put into this manual replication. i can't say enough to describe the unexpected quality of this manual. one might say that it was an overkill of quality. i'll say one thing for sure and that is all my future manuals will bought through the manualman. 73




01/22/2018: randy allen n4tvc
				pete,  many thanks for all the manuals over the years.  i get as much a rush from your manuals as i do from working on the gear.  the manuals are truly superb and complete.  easily readable schematics and illustrations.  please keep up the 
great work and 73.




01/12/2018: brian viera
				 i would just like to say your manuals 
are 100% excellent i'm very very 
pleased with the manual that i ordered 
and i will definitely do business again i 
highly recommend this to my fellow 
hams. thank you again and i'm so 
grateful of your service.




12/25/2017: wade stanfill
				 received two obscure and long sought service manuals.  both were outstanding quality, probably better than originals.  to say i am impressed is an understatement.  i will order from manualman again.  my highest recommendations.




11/10/2017: alberto l.
				 i received a long sought-after manual for a vintage radio tester. i was very impressed at the quality of the reprint. it looks as good or  better than an original. i am very pleased and will order again. thank you!




09/07/2017: carmelo napoli
				yesterday i received the manual that i 
requested. i was completely delighted to see the 
workmanship and the care to which it was 
presented.
i had and remember the originals.
let 
me say these are better.thank you.




02/13/2017: howard compton
				today 2-13-17 i just received my cbs manual and 
i have to say it is a work of art! it's so nice to have  
such a lovely manual for an older vintage piece of 
equipment. well worth the price paid! it arrived in 
only a few days. fast shipping! thank you!




11/05/2016: troy pelton
				 i looked all over for a manual to an older piece of test equipment i own, the only place i could find it was thru manualman and i am happy that was the case because the manual i received is by far the best manual i have of all my vintage test equipment manuals. i am very pleased with my new manual and i will do business with manualman again, great product, great service! thank you so much and good day.




10/20/2016: tony fields (ka8ugb)
				 wow!!!! received a copy of the operator/service 
manual for a ten-tec 585 paragon
i first noticed the cover - was printed in color like the 
factory supplied manuals. however, printed pages 
are cleaner and clearer that the original manual i 
had. and the schematics, diagrams and photos - 
superb.






10/05/2016: mike stover
				 pete: just received the sb-610 manual and i am impressed.  a clean, bound, very clear document.  thanks, i'll be sure and use your service in the future when i need a manual.  73, mike n9qr




08/24/2016: gary moles
				 very impressed with the quality of the manual. prompt, friendly service throughout the transaction. highly recommended source. gary zl2aki




06/07/2016: shaun merrigan
				 pete:
just wanted to say thanks for the excellent dumont manual.  in a previous career, i worked in digital printing, and i can say without hesitation that from the image quality to the binding you have a top quality product.
shaun merrigan




05/26/2016: jamie mckinley
				i received my reproduction lafayette kt-236 
manual today and it is a beauty.  honestly, i 
can't imagine the original factory manual looking 
any better.  i am particularly impressed with the 
readability of the schematic.  so many times the 
reproduction schematics look like copies of 
copies with poor resolution.  that is certainly 
not the case with the one i received today.  
also, the shipping speed was as good as i could 
ask for.  nice job, manualman.  thank you!




04/04/2016: larry knapp
				received my ordered hallicrafters sx-101a manual today right on the date pete had said.  the document looks so much like an original; very well done.  clear, well printed and comb bound; includes the fold out complete schematic.  it came well packaged; inside the mailer the manual was in plastic wrap and inside a folder so the manual would not get folded up.  overall, well done pete.  will definitely order again.




10/20/2015: charlie davis
				outstanding manual presentation.  the manual received contained additional alignment information that manuals from other publishers did not contain.  great job pete....




10/08/2015: joseph smalley wa3cka
				wow !   i received my drake r8b manual, sure is
a pleasure to see such a professionally done manual.
thank you pete.  




08/12/2015: rich
				 i received my manuals for a utica 650 transceiver & vfo and am very pleased with my purchase. the manual is professionally spiral bound with all text and schematics clear, readable and complete. finding this quality an item for a very unusual rig is a delight.




08/06/2015: rafael quiles
				 today, i just received the service manual for the 
panasonic multiband radio rf-1150, which i 
bought recently. the quality of the reproduction is 
amazing. the photos and the schematics ,are so 
sharp that a lot of detail can be retrieved for this 
radio. the finished product (manual) is outstanding. 
excellent quality all around! best regards. 




07/08/2015: richard morris
				i  needed an assembly manual for a johnson viking valiant and got it from pete. i have to say you can not tell it from a new one as it is that nice, clean and clear on every page and is by far better than any other i have bought from others. next time i will know where to look first.




06/15/2015: phil beckman
				 my search for information on my audimax ii turned up nothing but an over copied schematic... until i found manualman. the manual he sold me was equal to or better than the original cbs book. absolutely worth every penny! thank you for providing such an excellent service!




05/03/2015: dave doughty
				i received my professionally reproduced and bound high quality copy of a hard-to-find operating/service manual for my lafayette bcr-101 communications receiver in just a few days.  the included fold-out pages for the circuit board layouts and schematic were an unexpected, special treat.  thanks for your excellent service! -dave




02/23/2015: john whitman
				 i was so please with the professional, attention to detail, of the manual you sent me. you carry more manuals than any other supplier. again, thank you so much.
john




11/13/2014: joseph phelps - wb3czi
				i received my service manual today (kenwood tw-4100a/e) and was astounded by the quality!

the x-ray board views and schematic were crisp, clean and at least as good as factory!

i don't know how you do it but thank you so very much for a really excellent manual!

v.r.

joe phelps




08/04/2014: donald j. mangold
				 i have purchased technical manuals from other sources before ordering from the manualman site.  for the most part the previous sources provided the information i requested but the manuals were not up the the quality i just received from manualman.  my manuals were of exceptional quality and were promptly shipped.  thanks pete for providing such excellent service.




06/11/2014: dr. gregory daum
				 outstanding customer service and an absolutely tremendous product.  the manuals are perfect in every regard.  complete with fold out pages; clear printing; well bound and the satisfaction guarantee adds to the excellence of manualman.  i will get all of my manuals for my vintage equipment through  this company.  highly recommended.




04/12/2014: jack fisher
				 
pete,

the manual i ordered from you for an old rca vtvm i'm restoring is 100% perfect, worth every penny. crystal clear pages and beautifully bound !  even though there are two models of my vtvm the manual had both schematics !  it should be an easy job to get the meter working now with the correct information !  73 & thanks !




03/23/2014: randy b
				 i just received your manual in the mail and i was immediately impressed. it was every bit as good as any factory original manual and schematic.  now instead of a boat-anchor, for just a few bucks i will now have a test device to use that otherwise would cost hundreds of dollars. thank you for a much needed service.
randy




02/18/2014: chester adair
				 hi,
  received your radio manual order. it arrived in good shape and am impressed with the quality of your work. i have been refurbishing some old radio equipment and reselling them. i have received several comments about furnishing the operating manual. it sure helps to bring top dollar if i have a good manual to include. after seeing your quality of workmanship i will be ordering from you when i need a manual.
thanks
chet/w5cla
  




11/22/2013: bill balez
				outstanding service with a very professional looking product. it has provided me reference material which in many cases is unobtainable. it has made my electronic repairs substantially easier to do without having the burden of reverse engineering designs. 




09/11/2013: mike m.
				 a fine and valuable service. i'm getting to old to reverse engineer any boat anchor equipment that i acquire. manual man makes it much easier to get this old stuff up and running.
thanks for your great service!
mike




08/09/2013: joseph goddeyne
				 my vintage manual looked and felt
like an original.

no lightweight flimsy pages, nor ink lines.

it was as if it were the original spiral item!




07/08/2013: glen huestis
				 i just received my manual and schematic for my hallicrafters s-94. i was blown away by the quality and professional cover and binder. i will not hesitate to call upon your services again.thanks pete.




03/19/2013: alan schneiderman
				i have purchased 4 manuals now from pete, and all are  super, ten times better than the originals.  i will continue to buy from him as occasions arise.




03/02/2013: les locklear
				 i had been using the british version of the racal ra.17c12 manual with notes until i found your correct manual. the manual looks like an original! thanks for the fast delivery, pete! 




01/19/2013: joseph fell, w3gms
				i have been purchasing manuals from pete, the "manual man" for many years now and am always delighted with the quality of the manual he delivers.  my latest manual was for a 1938 harvey radio labs transmitter.  to show how much effort pete put in the manual i ordered, he re-typed all of the original pages to make it more legible.  the manual arrived today and the quality was superb.  with his attention to detail, that gives confidence that the quality of the manual you get from his service will be of the highest quality possible.             




10/25/2012: efrain, kp4cw
				just got my flex 5000a manual, wow!! top notch quality paper,
have never seen anything of this quality before! 
 
wow!!
 
tnx,
 
efrain, kp4cw




06/26/2012: rjrhodes
				perfect transaction, fast shipping, awesome communication, great packing, excellent seller!!

 does whatever it takes to satisfy their customers!!  

 very serious - about "high quality is the number 1 customer priority"

 highly recommended!!

thanks
rj




05/07/2012: ralph
				top notch manual, clear and crisp, nicely spiral bound (lays flat when open), complete with fold-out schematic.  it doesn't get better than this.  thanks, manualman for a first class job.




02/24/2012: andrew tostevin
				 professional  product sent to me in a short time -  with a bonus copy of the circuit and a business card -well that's
hard to beat - i needed a manual and had seen some poor copies with other 
manual services....this website/sales area is the best i ever hoped for. good luck for the future - and keep up the good work - vk5wt ham radio.




01/05/2012: john fitzsimmons
				once again pete has outdone himself - i just received the epic r-1414 manual which was available nowhere else.  as with all of his manuals, it's truly indistinguishable from the original.  there is no better source for manuals anywhere.  thanks!




12/13/2011: vic hart
				 just received the manual for my old kenwood ts-130 the other day and i must admit that it is actually better than the original service manual. pete does an outstanding job and his work is worth more than what he charges in my opinion. manualman is truly a valuable asset and i hope that he prospers for a very long time. thanks pete, great job.




08/23/2011: patrick jankowiak kd5oei
				i was mightily impressed at the quality and readability of the sdp-1000l rf amplifier manual i received today. it's equally impressive that such an obscure document was even available. time after time, pete has provided a clean, complete, physically handy, and easy to use manual for the special radio equipment i collect. a pleasing manual brings a smile to one's face when sitting down to the workbench.




01/07/2011: bob walters
				i was expecting good or even great but not perfection.  you are on my list..
i repair antique radios and tube amps and schematics are sometimes impossible to locate. thanks
bob






12/18/2010: bob writes:
				pete, the manuals arrived yesterday - i can't believe how good the quality is. if i didn't know better, i would swear they were the originals. thanks for a terrific product. and thanks for the gift coupon.




08/02/2010: ron joseph
				i have ordered manuals three or four times and they are always excellent and practically indistinguishable from the originals. the manualman turns around the order quickly and gets it "out the door" and into my hands in a short amount of time. you couldn't ask for better quality and service.  




07/18/2010: dick wolff
				 i ordered a manual from manualman for a kenwood ts-850s. i did not know what to expect when it arrived so promptly. i was amazed that it looked just like the origional with the same type of cover and a spiral neatly holding it together. fold out pages were all in order. a great value and a well done for pete, thanks.  dick




06/09/2010: ron
				your manuals are of the highest quality. thanks very much for that.




02/01/2010: sandman 1031
				 i am very impressed  with the manuals i received. they look a lot better then any download from the internet. the manuals are complete and a lot more then i expected. now i have a new place to get my manuals.

thank you!
sandman 1031 




01/08/2010: john young
				just bought my third manual from manualman. i will keep coming back because the workmanship is incredible. all text is crisp and clean. multilayer pcb detail shows excellent grayscale detail. schematics are amazingly sharp. this workmanship is far and above the cheap photocopies you sometimes see from other manual vendors.




12/15/2009: steve bento
				excellent and very professional service.  thanks for the hard to find manual!




06/09/2009: vincent italia
				 i have just received the manual. excellent quality and very fast delivery, only 4 days from the usa to italy! 
and last but not least; a very rare manual!
compliments!




05/06/2009: chris ulrich 
				pete,
i received the two manuals today (04/05/09) and all i can say is:
 
wow! i can't tell that these aren't factory original manuals and to get a brand new 45 year old manual, in just ten days, for only 20 bucks is truly amazing. the quality and binding is first class! you must love your work, because i don't know how you can make money on these custom printings at the prices you charge.
 
thanks so much




01/30/2009: ira kb3i
				 just received my lafayette he-35 
manual.  what a fantastic reproduction!
i couldn't be more pleased.
thanks and 73, ira kb3i




01/08/2009: ron ainsworth
				wow!!...you really do good work!  i'm proud to have such a fine quality 
manual. the printing is great and the content is way beyond what i expected. not only a service manual but a complete user guide for the radio and all the related accessories. also appreciate the $3 coupon. thanks ron




12/20/2008: bruce stucky
				this is the first time i've ordered manuals from pete and i'm very impressed with the quality. excellent reproduction and binding and great service. bruce nk0z




06/15/2008: lou, wa5lou
				i received my manuals and was pleasantly surprised.  this is the first time i have purchased manuals from you and was expecting much less than what i received. i will be purchasing more manuals from you in the future.
 
thanks.....
lou  wa5lou






05/18/2008: peter bertini
				 i've ordered numerous manuals from peter over the years, and i have never been unhappy with his products! peter offers an important service to the amateur community--at a very fair and competitive price. thanks peter!




05/12/2008: glen hollyman
				i just want to thank you for the wonderful manuals. i ordered 4 manuals, it took all of 3 days for them to arrive. i have never purchased reproduction service manuals and schematics that had spiral bound covers, and also, the quality was fantastic. thank you so much! 




03/30/2008: renée deeter
				hi pete-
i just received the kenwood ts-600 service manual. wow. it is absolutely wonderful and beautifully done. 
i have ordered manuals from other places and yours is far superior. 
thank you
renée, k6fsb
 




03/03/2008: joe lebel ka1ixk
				 thanks pete for the excellent service on these 4 manuals i ordered ...100% as advertised and promised ... nice to have resources like this now available ... just re-licensed here after 20 yrs, maybe can work 75 meter am sometime!  joe




01/30/2008: marv chandler kd8dkh
				i received the 4 manuals. they are great. i"ve ordered another for a new restoring project. excellent work!
    thanks marv kd8dkh




01/24/2008: tom shea
				 just received my tm-261a service manual on tuesday.  it is a superb product and well worth its modest cost.  thanks for a great job, pete!

tom
k2tfs




01/05/2008: john wise
				once again thank you for the nice work you did on the manuals.
if it was not for the b&w reproduction, you would think these
manuals came from the manufacturer!



click here if you would like to leave feedback.
								
















restricted login


				copyright © 2005 benchmark technologies, incorporated (brad, nb9m)   all rights reserved.
			








