 





corporate housing | fully furnished apartments | dc, virginia, or maryland























 













 




menu
close menu









locations



washington, dc


virginia


maryland


pennsylvania




about



news


team


affiliations


testimonials


resources


what's included


faq




solutions



insurance relocation


government travel


temporary housing


business travelers


employee relocation




contact


book online










 


request quote





booking










 






























































































the clear choice in furnished housing

            corporate apartment specialists provides a range of temporary furnished housing options to accommodate each guest’s individual needs. our professionally serviced apartments are available in a variety of sizes and locations. each corporate apartment is hand selected by our experienced team to ensure our guests receive the optimum value, customer service, and comfort while living in their interim homes. 

to begin your short-term furnished housing search, browse our locations to view photos of furnished apartments and amenity spaces offered at each location as well as the address and description of the apartment community. this will help you gather visual and detailed information about the properties where we can offer you a short-term furnished lease. if you prefer to have one of our corporate housing experts assist you, there are multiple ways to get in touch. please call, email, chat, or select the request quote button. 
        

















 
washington, dc

corporate apartment specialists knows washington, dc. we get it. you want to work and play. you want well-appointed corporate housing that suits your purpose.
we have you covered.














 
virginia

founded in arlington, virginia, corporate apartment specialists is the leading provider of short term furnished housing throughout the state. whether you’d like a luxury corporate apartment in pentagon city, or room to spread-out in a three bedroom corporate unit in ashburn, our twenty five years of experience and unwavering commitment to customer service is at your disposal. 














 
maryland

whether you want chevy chase, rockville, silver spring or another area in maryland, corporate apartment specialists has corporate housing in these highly sought-after locations that will match your situation.














 
pennsylvania

steeped in history, culture, education and corporate abundance, pennsylvania endows everyone who lives there with a most inspired lifestyle.
and corporate apartment specialists offers furnished corporate apartments in three of the most coveted areas of the state.









what our customers say


























© 2025 corporate apartments specialists, inc.



privacy policy
                |
terms of use 






                    515 wythe street   alexandria, va 22314                




                bookings@corporateapartments.com            



                1.800.914.2802            




not finding the options or answers you need?
click here to reach out to our team directly and you will hear from us shortly.





















