






medfriendly.com: easy to understand medical dictionary & encyclopedia

























 










medfriendly®
















 

 

 

 














featured medfriendly entry: cell

a cell is the smallest, most basic unit of life, that is capable of existing by itself. cells 
carry out the chemical processes that are necessary for life to exist. they use energy 
and reproduce themselves. the bodies of living organisms are made up of cells. 
some organisms are made up of only one cell. human beings, on the other hand, are 
much more complex and are made up of billions of cells...(full article)



featured blog entry:  how to keep your underarms healthy and dry

underarms are usually the last thing that anyone wants to talk about. we all have them, 
though, and we all have to deal with the challenges that go along with trying to eliminate 
sweat and odor. although there are many different deodorants available on the market, 
they are not all created equal. the ingredients in certain brands can wind up doing a lot 
more harm than good, sometimes even putting your health at risk. because of that, more 
and more people are turning to deodorants that contain...(full article)



did you know?




other areas of medfriendly...




•
useful medical links: hundreds of resources.


•
measurements section: useful reference tables.


•
introduction to medical terms: find out how to make the complex much easier. 


•
sitemap: all of the medfriendly pages indexed. 


•
techfriendly: our related blog on technology


•
advertising: promote your business on medfriendly.  



copyright © 2024, medfriendly.com. all rights reserved. you may not reprint or redisplay the material on 
this website for commercial use without the express written consent of medfriendly.com. 
medfriendly.com is owned and operated by medfriendly, llc. use of medfriendly is subject to reading 
this disclaimer, terms, and conditions. founder & webmaster: dominic a. carone, ph.d., abpp










where medical information is easy to understand


you can save up to 80% on your diabetes prescription if you order them from canada.

you can advertise here. 

medication treatment is sometimes used in drug rehabilitation.











