







shady acres herb farm































































































cart
















0
















        plant list & sources
      

              about
            

            shop
          

              contact
            












































cart
















0











plant list & sourcesaboutshopcontact







learn. plant. grow.











scroll








theresa mieseler’s  book is available here!




    buy now
  

      









featured products

  











theresa’s top picks















popular home goods















garden essentials






    shop all products
  








 the herb cottage at shady acres - airbnbenjoy our herb cottage and gardens. it is a spacious cottage with a living room, two dining areas, bedroom, office, kitchen, and lower level. there is an outdoor grill, picnic table, and a front porch to enjoy sunsets. dahlgreen golf course is 5 minutes away, 15-20 minutes away from hazeltine national golf club, minnesota landscape arboretum, chaska curling center, valley fair, mystic lake casino, waconia wineries, orchards, and shops. we are also approximately 40 minutes from minneapolis and 35 minutes to msp airport.  book now for the 2022 season. we’re open april 15 to november 1. click this link for a virtual tour of the cottage: https://youtu.be/qa0uluf49qm




    learn more
  













stroll through our gardens, take a hike on the trail, and enjoy our country life.















a view of the herb cottage from the deck. enjoy beautiful sunsets here.
























beyond rosemary, basil, and thyme
shady acres herb farm co-founder theresa mieseler’s new book is filled with practical advice and useful tips on growing unique herbs. beyond rosemary, basil, and thyme includes a vast selection of useful information, tasty recipes, and interesting facts about herbs and how to use them.



shop now

















welcome



featured products



the herb cottage at shady acres - airbnb



book and classes



upcoming events


















 

resourcesplant list & sources



quick linksaboutshop



get in touch612-201-6554herbs@shadyacres.com





herbs@shadyacres.com


hours






©2023 shady acres herb farm









