  
  american society of landscape architects - asla illinois             join ilaslasponsors & partnersilasla awardscareerscontact





homeaboutserviceseventsresourcesjoin ilaslasponsors & partnersadvocacylicensureeducationilasla awardscareers






space created. redefined. reclaimed.since the days of frederick law olmsted, landscape architects have been adding value to outdoor space. today, almost 500 members of the illinois chapter of the american society of landscape architects continue to design and redefine the way we use outdoor space. landscape architecture registration is back!!upcoming events
executive committee meetingmarch 6, 2025a monthly meeting of the elected officials and chairpersons of ilasla. all...

ilasla emerging professionals at acebouncemarch 6, 2025guests of all ages are welcome until 6pm; 21+ only after 6pm...

ilasla webinar: mental landscapes: creating supportive public spacesmarch 20, 2025join us as planner kelsey zlevor presents her research on how depression...
the value of ilasla membership

professional advancementonly asla members can use the professional designation. the exclusive asla credential shows clients and peers a commitment to the highest level of professionalism, which gives individuals an important competitive edge.ilasla members receive reduced rates to continuing education programs and social events.there are numerous opportunities for members to network and collaborate with peers, mentors and experts in the field.the chapter website includes a job board that allows members to search for potential employers or employees.

education & enrichmentall asla members receive a subscription to the landscape architecture magazineilasla hosts numerous education sessions, many of which are free for members.members get free membership to one of asla’s professional practice networks annually.

advocacy & public awarenessilasla has a lobbyist that monitors legislation at both the state and national level.the advocacy committee is currently working to elevate the current title act to a practice act.members are encouraged to participate in world landscape architecture month every april to continue to educate the general public about the profession.become a member learn more2024 strategic plan2024 annual report of activities    
  award winnersthe illinois asla awards program recognizes projects with the distinction of president, honor, and merit awards. all of these projects are excellent examples of how diverse our profession is and how landscape architecture positively impacts our everyday interactions with the surrounding environment.view all winnerssponsors
view all sponsors ›

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 "*" indicates required fieldsreceive the latest news & updates from ilasla.email*
date

mm slash dd slash yyyy
commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.  










  join ilaslasponsors & partnersilasla awardscareersaboutadvocacyserviceseventsresourceseducationcontact

 

 

 

 

 © 2025 american society of landscape architects, illinois chapter. all rights reserved.chicago web design by idea marketing group                                          

