








 

home - acteva.com





































































  



 








acteva is a movement that encourages an active and healthy lifestyle among youth. with growing concern over screen time and sedentary behavior, acteva seeks to motivate kids, teenagers, and young adults to put down their gadgets and embrace the joys and benefits of physical activity. by promoting active living, we empower the next generation to take daily action towards improving their health, fitness, and overall well-being. join the acteva movement





















empowering youth to a.c.t.



activatedaily activation: empower yourself to become an active participant in the world of endless opportunities. youth are motivated to spring into action through youth sports and health and wellness programs.




challengechallenge your limits: engage as an active participant in your journey of continuous improvement. youth continually challenge themselves throughout the course of a program, creating a cycle of growth.




transformembrace transformation: enjoy the befenifts of your daily investments. continue to harness your potential through consistent actions.



build your program at afterschool.org




acteva health and wellness programs

sports programsacteva mobilizes our movement through sports programs for youth. our programs create life-long athletes and help youth develop positive habits for positive development. our sports programs include:soccerbaseball and softballflag footballbasketballand more!







yoga and  meditation





community health programs





group health and fitness workshops





build your own acteva program




improving community and youth health and wellness"due to the physical development stage of school-aged children, the effect of prolonged screen time on their physical and mental health is more obvious and irreversible than that of adults." - global health research and policywith increasing screen time usage among youth, there is an ever greater need for a shift towards a balanced and active culture. to shift our culture towards one of health, acteva offers youth with a range of health and wellness programs designed to fit the needs of your specific population. 




visit health, wellness, and public safety website











adult and youth t-shirts available for purchase at select locationswith every 2 t-shirts purchased, we are able to supply a uniform for one youth participating in an acteva health and wellness program.


purchase youth t-shirt




purchase adult t-shirt







acteva snapbacks and dad hats available nowwith every 2 hats purchased, we are able to supply a uniform for one youth participating in an acteva health and wellness program.


purchase acteva hat






latest blog posts






making exercise for kids fun and safe: a comprehensive guideacteva is a movement that encourages an active and healthy lifestyle among [...]february 21  | 2023 
home






addressing the alarm: kids’ mental health declineacteva is a movement that encourages an active and healthy lifestyle among [...]february 21  | 2023 
home

 mind bites | clever games | nimboaffiliate signup  acteva is an initiative of student hires llc 



















>

	
























































 

