sun city west visitors center      homeporacommunitycommunity locationsun city west mapsun city west governmentlocal serviceshealth careworshipfind out morecontact ushistory of sun city westsearch     menu   menu welcome to sun city west and the sun city west visitor centerarizona’s finest golf retirement communitythe sun city west visitors center is currently open mon-fri from 9am-1pm. sun city west is a self-governed 55+ community with recreation, shopping, places of worship, and a nationally ranked medical care. the purpose of the sun city west visitors center, opened in 1997, is to attract new residents by providing information that highlights the many unique amenities offered throughout the community.  residents are quick to point to the idea that the community has “everything under the sun” which means a better way of life.we invite you to come to the sun city west visitors center when you come to arizona. the visitors center greets more than 9,000 people every year. make it your first stop on your visit to sun city west!click here to see a video of our community.the visitor’s center is a division of the property owners and residents association (pora) and is located in the pora building. the center is funded by diverse sources throughout the community. most new visitors to sun city west first encounter the visitors center as new residents. it is operated by staff and volunteers who distribute information about the community, show informational films and provide tourism information for arizona and surrounding areas.we offer guided tours of the community and provide activity and event information about the state of arizona and surrounding states. to schedule a free tour, simply call the visitors center. we look forward to answering any questions you may have. the visitors center offers a realtor room which is staffed, only in fall and winter months, during normal operating hours by local realtors who can answer questions and provide details about the area.in addition to brochures and flyers available at the visitors center, the staff recommends some online research using:visit arizona! arizona office of tourism arizona tourismfor our current residents, the sun city west room of the visitors center offers information about over 100 clubs and organizations ranging from a to z. you can never be bored living here and taking advantage of some of the many activities that are offered. what about golf? sun city west is home to nine great golf layouts, providing something for every level of golf skill. we are truly the premier golf destination for the west valley of phoenix.sun city west visitors center 13815 camino del sol sun city west, az 85375 623 584 4288 diane rice, coordinator, x-401 hours: the sun city west visitors center is currently open.hours:  mon – fri 9am – 1pm. visitor center location13815 camino del sol sun city west, az 85375  phone: 623-584-4288 diane rice, coordinator, x-401come visit usvisitor center hoursthe sun city west visitors center is currently open.  mon - fri 9am-1pm. © 2023 sun city west visitor center, sun city west, az. all rights reserved contact us scroll to top     