








home


















































 






flipbook presentation
 
 
 
 
 

 

homeaboutour peoplecompany and servicespartial list of awardsservicesstained glass window restorationsteel & bronze window restorationswood window restorationprotective glazing systemsnew window fabricationmuseum exhibitsportfolio30th street station5th avenue presbyterianhall of graduate studiesbelasco theatrebiltmore estatecalvary episcopal churchchurch of st. francis xavier congregation kehilath jeshurundaughters of the american revolutionduberstein courthouseeldridge street synagogueemma willard schoolenoch-pratt libraryfirst baptist church of ossiningfloyd bennett field in company with angelslyndhurst mansionmoynihan train hall trinity church wall streetolin librarypark avenue armorypayne whitney gymnasium pew chapel at bryn mawrpresbyterian church at shrewsburyprinceton university chapelthe church of saint barnabassaint george's by the riversaint paul's episcopal churchtemple emanu-elthe dakotaunited states capitol buildingwilliam j. nealon courthouse yale sterling memorial librarythe atrium at the book towerclientsresourcesin the newswhitepapersvideoscontact 









 
calvary episcopal churchcalvary episcopal churchconservation of an 18’ diameter rose window from 1894. scope included: documentation, cleaning, repair of broken glass, replacement of damaged leads, and installing completed window into an isothermal, protective-glazing setting.   
view project5th avenue presbyterian5th avenue presbyterianstained glass and leaded protective glazing restoration. scope included: releading, copper foil repairs, glass replacements, reinstallation of stained glass, reinstallation of leaded protective glazing, and new laminated protective glazing where required.
view projectfloyd bennet fieldfloyd bennet fieldrestoration of over 200 steel windows. scope included: cleaning and reuse of all original elements where possible, numerous dutchman repairs (replacing small sections of damaged area), fabrication of custom chicken wire glass to replicate original textured design, recasting of historic bronze hardware.
view project30th street station30th street stationsteel window restoration. scope included: high performance coatings, fabrication of custom laminated glass, interior blast-mitigation film, brass hardware restoration, custom fabrication of matching steel profiles. 
view projectthe dakota buildingthe dakotadouble hung wood window restoration at façade and central courtyard. scope included: wood frame dutchman repairs (replacing small sections of damaged areas), rail replacements, wood consolidation, and reinforcement of window sash. 
view projectthe belasco theatrebelasco theatreaward-winning stained glass window restoration. scope included: careful cleaning of stained glass fixtures and elements, custom replication of missing fixtures including turtlebacks, iridized globes, and pressed jewels, rewiring of all fixtures, releading of glass panels, steel window restoration. 
view projectthe enoch pratt free libraryenoch pratt free librarysteel window restoration for over 300 windows. scope included: cast iron restoration, addition of high performance coatings, brass hardware restoration, steel profile replacement, interior and exterior storm window installations. 
view projectyale sterling memorial libraryyale sterling memorial librarystained glass and bronze window restoration. scope included: releading, salvaging of original decorative lead overlays, paint conservation to all 70 leaded panels, bronze restoration of all frames and sash. 
view projectpew chapelbryn mawr pew chapelrestoration of willet and tiffany stained glass windows. scope included: releading of willet stained glass windows, updated exterior protective glazing, comprehensive in-situ cleaning and repairs, steel ventilator restoration. 
view project 



testimonials


this joy, at the now pristine temple emanu-el, is in no small part a credit to you and your team. emanu-el is blessed with our lancet stained and painted glass windows as well as the priceless tiffany window in the beth-el chapel. but my thanks must go further for your sensitive caring of our sacred space. the congregation is very appreciative to you and patrick for all that you did and again did so well.mark h. heutlinger, administrator - temple emanu-elfirst and foremost was your leadership in the project... your expertise and balanced view were critical in this regard. furthermore, the work was completed on time and on budget due to your good planning and partnership.robert m kelly, jr., chair - christ church stained glass restoration committeethe development of the (window) security system has provided peace-of-mind and life-safety without significant visual intrusion. your execution was timely, your costs fair and controlled, and your communications responsive, despite pressures and challenges.james w. rhodes, faia - preservation designfemenella & associateswhy choose us?
femenella & associates is committed to helping our clients make informed decisions regarding the care and restoration of their historic windows as well as the design and fabrication of new windows. lead in tandem by arthur femenella jr. & patrick baldoni, the duo brings to every project the knowledge obtained from practical experience conserving complex and artistically important stained glass, wood, and steel windows for museums, educational institutions and ecclesiastical buildings. femenella is committed to completing challenging projects at the highest level of craftsmanship while maintaining budget and schedule.
about ussend a messagesend messagecontactaddress10 county line road, suite 24branchburg, nj 08876phone(908) 722-6526fax(908) 722-6528emailinfo@femenellaassociates.com   instagram feed




© 2025, femenella & associates, inc. all rights reserved.
 employee log in
contact informationfemenella & associates10 county line road,suite 24branchburg, nj 08876phone: (908) 722-6526our services stained glass steel & bronze wood windows protective glazing new window fabrication museum exhibitssocial media facebook linkedin instagram youtube 

  
 




search

 





 home about  our people company and services partial list of awards services stained glass window restoration steel & bronze window restorations wood window restoration protective glazing systems new window fabrication museum exhibits portfolio 30th street station 5th avenue presbyterian belasco theatre biltmore estate calvary episcopal church church of st. francis xavier  congregation kehilath jeshurun daughters of the american revolution duberstein courthouse eldridge street synagogue emma willard school enoch-pratt library first baptist church ossining, ny floyd bennett field  in company with angels lyndhurst mansion olin library park avenue armory payne whitney gymnasium  pew chapel at bryn mawr presbyterian church at shrewsbury princeton university chapel saint barnabas saint george's saint paul's episcopal church temple emanu-el the dakota building united states capitol william j. nealon courthouse  yale sterling memorial library hall of graduate studies clients resources in the news whitepapers videos contact

 
 




