


healthcare solutions | walgreens healthcare solutions


















skip to main content



















                    
                    find a pharmacy
                










                    
                    walgreens.com
                





























how we can help
















pharmacy services










specialty pharmacy










immunization & testing










340b complete










disease specialization










increasing access to care










data and insights










walgreens find care










health equity










hyper localized care










clinical trials










research & insights
















clinical research










thought leadership










walgreens respiratory index










who we work with
















managed care










health systems










employers










providers










biopharma










enrollment forms
























healthcare solutions 

        reimagining local healthcare and well-being for all
    

going beyond pharmacy — we are, a trusted community health resource. our national reach enables us to deliver support at scale, while our local expertise and strong community relationships make us the right partner for closing gaps in care, addressing health equity and more effectively delivering personalized healthcare today. we are committed to become a leading partner in reimaging local healthcare and well-being for all.
 
walgreens believes that better health starts by meeting patients and their caregivers where they are—delivering interconnected experiences that combine in-store, at home and virtual access to health solutions, resulting in better health outcomes and lower costs. our focus is on you.




















    
        
    
    
            how we can help
     
     
    
we work with partners across the healthcare ecosystem to close gaps in care and improve outcomes through a pharmacist-led approach that leverages, disease-state expertise, rich digital tools and an extensive specialty pharmacy network.



learn more
        
    















    
        
    
    
            latest research and insights
     
     
    
explore the latest clinical research, thought leadership and find information on topics of special interest. get our perspective on the innovations and advancements affecting the healthcare industry.


learn more
        
    







































featured research and insights












article

march 31, 2024

pharmacist as clinical care partners: how a pharmacist-led intervention is associated with improved medication adherence in older adults with common chronic conditions

this study found that pharmacists can help older patients with common chronic conditions manage their medicine properly thereby helping save healthcare costs.








presentation

march 16, 2024

pharmacist check-in calls improve retention and on-time refills among medicaid patients with newly prescribed medications

a pharmacist check-in call for newly prescribed medications improved on-time refill rates and retention among medicaid patients.








poster

september 18, 2023

adherence to biologic therapies in patients with ulcerative colitis and crohn’s disease:  analysis of a national specialty pharmacy and the marketscan commercial claims database

an analysis of adherence to biologic therapies in patients with ulcerative colitis and crohn’s disease in a large pharmacy chain compared to to a national benchmark
























    
        
    
    
            news to know
     
     
    
visit our newsroom for the industry information and stories you need to know.


learn more
        
    















    
        
    
    
            connect on linkedin
     
     
    
connect with us for healthcare news, events and updates from across walgreens and the industry.


learn more
        
    


















        get essential industry information and insights delivered to your inbox
    


sign up
        
    















        contact us
    

let's build healthier outcomes together. if you are looking for a payer, health system, pharmaceutical manufacturer, or provider and you are looking for a partner to help you accelerate outcomes in your community contact us.


partner with us
        
    
request an immunizations clinic
        
    
clinical trials
        
    
























walgreens pharmacy offers the personalized care, trusted expertise and multichannel support needed to help improve outcomes.








                    
                    how we can help
                







                    
                    research & insights
                







                    
                    forms
                











                    
                    visit walgreens.com
                







                    
                    do not sell my personal information
                











© copyright 2025 walgreen co.  108 wilmot rd. deerfield il  all rights reserved.








                    
                    notice of privacy practices
                







                    
                    terms of use
                







                    
                    online privacy & security
                






















