












barnabas foundation | planned giving & estate planning services




















































about us

our team
our impact
values & principles
statement of christian faith
careers
contact us


giving options

stock, real estate & other assets
gifts from your ira
gifts in a will
gifts that pay income
stewards fund
talk with a planner


who we serve

ministries
churches
individuals & families
professionals


blog
generosity today
interactive
back
 







						log in
					

						stewards fund
					








								login options
							
financial accountsrecommend grants. view account balance. access statements, reports, forms.
member ministriesthe member center contains marketing materials, online training and more for member organizations.
 
























barnabas foundation






			honor god. provide for family. support the ministries close to your heart.		



















							barnabas foundation						

						sow your god-given resources — intentionally and effectively — for the greatest good.					





											the earth is the lord’s, and everything in it, the world, and all who live in it. psalm 24:1										






since 1976, barnabas foundation has helped thousands of generous christians transfer their wealth in smart and powerful ways.
whether it’s through gifts that reduce taxes, gifts that pay income or gifts in a will, we’ll help you identify creative giving solutions that fit your goals and situation, all for a greater purpose.
together, we’ll cultivate fruitful generosity that honors god, provides for your family and supports the causes close to your heart.
learn more














yield a greater harvest, for god’s kingdom and for your family.

grow your impact through smart, flexible and cost-effective giving.






									gifts of stock or real estate								

									reduce your taxes by giving non-cash assets, such as stock, real estate, business interests and commodities.								

									learn more								









									gifts from your ira								

									70 ½ or older? reduce your taxable income by giving from your individual retirement account. 								

									learn more								









									donor-advised fund								

									simplify and streamline your giving through the stewards fund, a christian donor-advised fund.								

									learn more								









									gifts that pay you income								

									give for kingdom impact and receive ongoing income payments for life.								

									learn more								









									gifts in a will								

									extend the impact of your generosity, well beyond your lifetime.								

									learn more								









									talk with a planner								

									begin a confidential conversation with someone who understands tax-wise giving from a christian worldview. 								

									learn more								


















								news							

calvin theological seminary honors barnabas foundation with legacy award





								february 6, 2025							








								general							

“to god be the glory!”: record-breaking generosity in 2024


thanks to the generosity of god’s people, barnabas foundation recorded an unprecedented volume of giving in 2024, smashing all previous years’ records for gifts received and distributed through the foundation.


								january 29, 2025							








								ask barnabas foundation							

who should i name as the executor of my will?


q: who should i name as the executor of my will?

a: choosing the right executor for your will is crucial, as this person will fulfill your final wishes and manage your estate. they’ll handle decisions, pay debts, and ensure your gifts reach the people and ministries you’ve named. selecting someone with integrity, care, and the ability to manage this responsibility wisely is key.


								january 13, 2025							








								general articles							

critical conversations


when planning for the future, there’s often a gap between what you envision happening and what actually unfolds. this is especially true when planning for what should transpire when we’ve gone to be with the lord. without clear communication, this gap can lead to stress, anxiety or conflict among loved ones.

that’s why it’s crucial to have open, thoughtful conversations about your intentions.


								january 13, 2025							








								general articles							

3 ways to support ministries beyond your lifetime


your estate plan is more than a legal document—it’s a reflection of your faith and values. by including gifts to ministries that have impacted your life, you create a legacy of hope and generosity. you also ensure your god-given blessings continue to make an eternal difference for his kingdom.


								january 13, 2025							








								biblical stewardship							

fenn’s treasure and faithless hoarding


when art dealer and author forrest fenn was diagnosed with terminal cancer in 1988, he hid a bronze chest in an undisclosed location, attempting to create the ultimate treasure hunt. he contemplated using that same location as his final resting place until – against all odds – he beat and survived the illness.


								january 13, 2025							


















						fruitful giving					

						stories, news, tips and biblical insight about smart and powerful giving.					

						view all posts
					








								ready to learn more?
							


									contact us today to begin the conversation
								

									contact us
								








								3801 eagle nest drive, suite b								
								crete, illinois 60417							

888.448.3040













                        	© 2025 barnabas foundation						

financial accounts
careers
disclosures
 








