


third reich in ruins




geoff walden
 

 

    
   the
third reich in ruins  ...  this
page presents photos of historical sites associated with germany’s third reich
(1933-1945), both as they appeared while in use, and as the remains appear today. these
photos give a "then and now" perspective, in many cases, a virtual tour of the
sites. i was originally inspired to write this page by a collection of photos taken by my father,
u.s. army air forces lt. delbert r. walden, when he was stationed in germany in 1945-46.







the zeppelintribüne grandstand at
    the nazi party rally grounds in nürnberg, then and now. the u.s. army blew up the large swastika on the top in 1945, and the columns
    on either side were removed in the 1960s. (see the nürnberg
      page for more photos.)  (period view from a 1938 postcard in
      author's
      collection)



 

what's new?    
click here to see updates added since
20 july
2000 (latest update     29 september 2020).




page contents
click here
to visit a detailed table of contents page, set up to allow
searching the entire site by keyword.
note: use the mapquest® or
google maps® location links on the pages for zoomable maps of these locations. to view these sites in
google earth®, go to the mapquest® or google maps® map then enter the coordinates found there
in the google earth® "fly to" block.
 
berchtesgaden and the obersalzberg --
in the
1920s adolf hitler established a mountain home for himself on the obersalzberg, above
berchtesgaden, in the southeast corner of bavaria. later, the nazi hierarchy turned the
obersalzberg into a huge complex, with rustic (and not so rustic) homes for themselves,
a palatial home for hitler called the berghof, military barracks, tunnel and bunker complexes, and even the famed kehlsteinhaus, or
"eagle's nest."
 





my guide book to
        third reich sites in the berchtesgaden and obersalzberg area has been
        published by fonthill media.
"hitler's
        berchtesgaden" is available at amazon and other retailers (the kindle
        version is also available from amazon).




 

berlin --
  the
former third reich capital features many examples of nazi architecture and
historical significance. part 2 shows the area of the site of
adolf hitler's death and burial at
his führerbunker, sites where his body was autopsied and later buried by the russians,
the site of martin bormann's death and burial,
and horst wessel's grave. includes subpages on the 1936  olympic games in
berlin and the olympic village 
site, tempelhof airport, lichterfelde
ss barracks, proving grounds and rocket test site at kummersdorf,
and the army command bunkers at zossen/wünsdorf.
munich -- birthplace of the nazi party - features
subpages on the nazi buildings führerbau, verwaltungsbau, and ehrentempel on
the königsplatz, original nazi office locations, hitler's munich residences,
and art
exhibits at the haus der deutschen kunst.
nürnberg
(nuremberg) -- hitler turned the city into a sort of nazi pilgrimage site, for the
annual nazi party day rallies in the 1930s.
schweinfurt -- this industrial city
and ball bearing manufacturing center was a key target for the u.s. 8th air force and
was heavily bombed during the final 18 months of the war; also features the luftwaffe munitions depot at  rottershausen.
würzburg  -- this baroque city had many beautiful rococo buildings,
sites for nazi rallies and severely bombed in 1945.
weimar and
dresden  --  these two german cities boasted several third
reich building projects.
tegernsee 
-- this
mountain lake south of munich was the location of several third reich sites.
garmisch-partenkirchen -- the 1936 winter olympic
games were held in garmisch (includes sections on the nearby eschenlohe
and oberammergau tunnel systems).
chiemsee 
--  site of the first rest house of the autobahn system, opened in 1938.
adolf hitler visits his
homeland -- hitler visited austria in march
1938, following the anschluss; also features   hitler's visit
to vienna  and   hitler's visits to czechoslovakia  in 1938 and
1939.
auschwitz-birkenau -- the
infamous concentration and extermination camp complex in poland.
dachau -- the
first nazi concentration camp, located near munich.
buchenwald -- one of the most sinister nazi concentration camps has been preserved
as a monument to the victims of german fascism.
nordhausen -- underground complex for building v-1 and v-2 rockets, with the
associated mittelwerk tunnel remains and dora concentration camp memorial site.
flossenbürg -- concentration camp site in bavaria - site of the execution of wilhelm
canaris and dietrich bonhoeffer.
mauthausen -- concentration camp site in upper austria - includes subcamp at
gusen and underground factory project
 b-8 "bergkristall" at
st. georgen.
ebensee -- underground factory/refinery site (codename "dachs/zement") and
concentration camp site in austria.
mühldorf  --  project "weingut" underground factory site for
me 262 jet aircraft manufacture.
ordensburg
vogelsang  --  one of the three specially constructed
"order castles" for training nazi party functionaries.
kdf seaside resort at
prora-rügen -- the largest construction project of the third reich was
a "kraft durch freude" workers resort on the baltic sea island of
rügen.
wolfschanze
/ wolf's lair -- hitler's military command complex on the eastern front,
with the associated army high command headquarters mauerwald,
now in poland.
anlage
mitte / anlage süd --
protected bunkers and tunnel for hitler's headquarters train, in poland.
project
"riese" (giant) -- a series of tunnel systems begun toward the
end of the war, which may have been meant for a führer headquarters.
underground sites in
thüringen -- the final year of the war saw
increased construction of underground facilities for production of secret war materiel and
for headquarters - features the reimahg me 262 jet factory near kahla, an
underground fuel production site near berga ("schwalbe v"), and the   jonastal "siegfried/jasmin" project  near ohrdruf.
end of the war for
s.pzjg.abt. 653 -- "jagdtiger"
(hunting tiger) vehicles where they were destroyed or immobilized in march 1945 in the
mannheim-heidelberg and munich areas.
end of the war in the
main-spessart region -- heavy fighting in
march-april 1945 in towns along the main river, between aschaffenburg and
schweinfurt/würzburg; includes a section
on hammelburg and  task force
baum.
miscellaneous -- various other third reich sites
- bad berneck,
black forest, lambach, linderhof, mangfall bridge, bergen bridge, holledau bridge, stuttgart, kaiserslautern,
ludwigshafen, heidelberg,
bamberg, kitzingen, ochsenfurt, stadtilm, doggerwerk, hirschbachtal,
bayreuth, marktzeuln, kronach, tondorf, hirschberg, jena, michendorf, eichstätt,
neustadt, ziegenberg, giessen, heilbronn, windecken, bayrischzell/sudelfeld,
kelheim, vilsbiburg, coburg, aschaffenburg, oberwildflecken, fladungen, urfeld,
pleikershof, ansbach, münchberg,
uslar, goslar, braunschweig, fürth, herrsching, veldenstein, muggendorf,
grafenwöhr, mindelheim, bad godesberg, erwitte, erlangen, koblenz, wewelsburg,
rechlin, peenemünde, kochel am see, mittenwald, regensburg, steinhöring, lohr
am main, frankfurt am main, sassnitz (saßnitz), feilitzsch, geretsried,
deiningen, heuberg, carinhall, ravensbrück, dinkelsbühl, rothenburg, ansbach,
lichtenau, adolf
hitler koog, radolfzell, haigerloch, bückeberg, bremen, teutoburger wald,
germersheim, ellingen, biburg, augsburg, landsberg, kaufering, erlenbach, tannenberg (poland), ratibor
(poland), masurian canal (poland), saint-marcouf (normandy), london, and others.
reichsadler
-- a photo listing of nazi eagles that still exist today on buildings, plus some
other surprising building decorations.

thingplatz
/ thingstätte sites -- the nazi
"thing" movement was part of propaganda minister josef goebbels'
ideology. several amphitheaters were built across greater germany to host
"thing" gatherings. many of these are still in use today as local
festival and concert sites.
wehrmacht military posts
-- one of the largest ongoing nazi building projects resulted in military
barracks all over the third reich. many of these posts still exist and some have
interesting reminders of their original occupants.

german war memorials  -- 
photos of
several
 war memorials and monuments in germany.
cold war sites 
 -- in addition to the third reich sites, this page features some sites
left over from the cold war, including ruins of some east german and american border
posts.





note:  my brother and i have been unable to identify
the locations of several of our father's 1945-46 photos. these are shown on the "lost sites" page. anyone who can identify any of these
is asked to contact the page author.

links  --  click here for a
listing of links to other useful third reich associated webpages.


 


third reich in ruins, http://www.thirdreichruins.com/
all contents copyright © 2000-2021,
geoffrey r. walden; all rights reserved.  all photos taken by or 
from the collection of geoffrey r. walden, except where specifically noted. 
please respect my property rights,
and the rights of others who have graciously allowed me to use their photos on
this page,
and do not copy these photos or reproduce them in any other way.
this page is intended for historical
research only, and no political or philosophical aims should be assumed. 
nothing on this page should be construed as advice or directions to trespass on
private or posted property.
the appearance of hyperlinks does not constitute
endorsement by the author of the information, products or
services contained in any hyperlinked web site herein, and the author does not
exercise any editorial control
over the information you may find at these locations.
this page initially uploaded on 20 july 2000.





