







port byron tug fest








































































































            schedule & events
          

            tug teams
          



            sponsors
          

            contact us
          







































































schedule & eventstug teams











sponsorscontact us









scroll








port byron great river tug fest, incaugust 8 - 10 2024











our mission statementport byron great river tug fest, inc. is a family-friendly, community-focused event dedicated to fostering connection, collaboration, and local pride.we achieve this by…creating a vibrant atmosphere: filled with fun activities and entertainment for families and individuals to enjoy, fostering a sense of belonging and togetherness where families can create lasting memories.celebrating community spirit: encouraging collaboration and friendly competition and strengthening local bonds.showcasing local businesses: providing a platform for local businesses to connect with the community and showcase their products and services, promoting economic growth within our community.promoting a healthy lifestyle: encouraging physical activity and active play for participants of all ages.

 

see our schedule & events for all we have to offer.













shuttle servicesdorrance park and the port byron methodist churchfri: 5:00 pm - 12:00 amsat: 7:45 am - 5:00 pmhandicap parking ♿ black hawk bank lower lot﻿admissionthursday [family night]free gate admissioncarnival - family night only specialearly bird wristbandearly bird special can be purchased at dollar general in port byron - monday through wednesday (august 5-7 2024) at just $25! to be used on thursday night onlyfamily night - only wristbands purchased thursday at the carnival are $30.friday & saturday$5 per person, per daychildren 12 & under are freecarnival wristbands - $35






  

"it's a small town; it's a tight community; there's a lot of pride here.“josh sallows  | tugger

  







 








first tug fest 1987 jess casilles, don johnson, gary knapp, boots knapp, & swede carlson





our storyin 1987, scott verbeckmoes witnessed a similar, but smaller festival. he thought it would be a novel idea to have back in port byron and stretch the event across the mississippi. it was a hard sell to both the people of illinois and iowa, but co-chairmans charles “boots” knapp and keith speckman, along with denise bowers, kathy augsbuger, patty kemp, connie eckermann, ciel abbott, fred & lavern walbusser, and frank and sandy james were the original committee members who sold the idea and pulled it off.the original rope used up until its retirement in 2006 was purchased from trevor’s true value located port byron, illinois in 4 separate coils of 600’ each.  jerry oppendike spliced the ropes together for the 2400’ needed to cross the river.  port byron state bank lent the money for the rope.don johnson and harry cort from iowa illinois gas and electric first put the rope on its reel and carried it across the mississippi while jarry lancaster announced the inaugural event.the first queen contest winner was heidi drummond.the alabaster eagle is a traveling trophy that was originally purchased by betty and boots knapp from kliems in bettendorf, iowa (larry tague made the beautiful showcase the following year).this was how the first tug fest got started, or rather hobo days as it was originally titled. the continued success of this one of a kind event is only possible through the hard work of hundreds of the volunteers who have come and gone over the years. we’d like to give a huge, heartfelt thank you to everyone that has ever participated in the the great river tug fest.  go illinois!








banner



about



quote



our story










wristbands required for alcoholic beverages; available for free at local bars and beer wagons (i.d. required)no coolers, pets,bikes, unauthorized motorized vehicles or weapons allowed















