



























welcome to charlotte's university - queens university of charlotte
































 






skip to main content








apply


visit


give


request info






search






































queens university logo






search









                  this is queens
                  






 








 



mission, vision & values




 



history




 



leadership




 



diversity & inclusion




 



sustainability




 



alumni




 



careers @ queens




 



campus directory






                  student experience
                  






 








 



student life




 



living on campus




 



charlotte




 



student resources




 



veterans






                  academics
                  






 








 



academic affairs




 



majors & programs




 



graduate & professional




 



general education




 



schools & colleges




 



internships & careers




 



study abroad








                  admissions & aid
                  






 








 



undergraduate admissions




 



graduate admissions




 



tuition, scholarships & aid






                  athletics
                  






 



                  community
                  






 








 



arts at queens




 



learning society




 



host an event




 



university programs




 



affiliated centers













close search



















top searched

academic calendar
academic+calendar
index
calendar
jobs
registrar
directory
nursing
careers
classics


            null
                  

helpful links

apply
visit
give
request info





 






welcome to
charlotte’s
university


 









this video has no audio





play





pause






















welcome to queens


where every direction leads up.







 
with classrooms brimming with so much experience they could double as board rooms, access to leading healthcare providers in the carolinas a few blocks away, and sell out shows and renowned guest speakers routinely bringing all of charlotte to quc, there’s only one thing we’re missing: you.

this is queens
  








life at queens


a day in the life of a royal.
 



in short, queens is an exciting place to be. students and staff know each other’s names. there are plenty of on-campus events and royals like it here so much that they take advantage of every activity we have to offer.

life at queens
  



























academics


defining paths. then forging them.
 



of course, we’ll be there to help along the way. we’ve got 51 majors, 66 minors, and 36 graduate programs, all tailored to ignite your passion and nurture your interests as we all make the world a better place. 

academics
  



























internships & careers


100% internship guarantee.
 
all of our undergrads complete at least one internship before graduating, and it doesn’t just happen by chance. our hard-working royal reputation precedes us in charlotte and beyond.

careers & internships
  


careers & internships
 















internships






 
we know that students and young professionals with internship experience are 35% more likely to get at least one job offer after graduating than those without it (source: zippia.com). so, we provide the resources to ensure that every royal has the opportunity to intern.
 










careers






 
many big-name companies and organizations like deloitte, google, atrium health, and more are eager to work with queens grads. you’ll work with our vandiver career center from day one to make a plan and progress on your career goals.
 















events


what’s up on campus?







 
stay up to date on all the latest events, speakers, conferences, and everything in between on campus. whether you’re an alumni, student, or member of the charlotte community—there’s something for everyone.

calendar
  








royal news


royals don’t just write headlines—they make them.
 
we’re going to take this moment to let our royals shine. check out the latest success stories from current students, alumni, and faculty who are doing some really cool things.

news
royal stories
  


news
royal stories
 













 



rock legend geddy lee shares family’s holocaust survival story at international holocaust remembrance day event
 
rock icon geddy lee, best known as the bassist and vocalist for the legendary band rush, was featured as the guest speaker at queens university’s stan greenspon holocaust and social justice education…


        read more
              



  








 



shoot your shot: perry family broadcast studio opens doors for students
 
supported by brandon and karen perry, the perry family broadcast studio at queens is a cutting-edge facility that is now a cornerstone of hands-on learning, particularly for students in sports communication, multimedia production, and related…


        read more
              



  








 



kristi coleman named as the 2024 queens university charlotte businesswoman of the year
 
queens university of charlotte is pleased to name kristi coleman, chief executive officer of tepper sports & entertainment (tse) and president of the carolina panthers, as the 2024 queens university charlotte businesswoman of the year. now in its 39th year,…


        read more
              



  






why visualize what your future at queens could look like when you can come experience a real slice of it yourself? 
we offer in-person visits as well as a 360° virtual campus tour if you’d prefer to peruse every inch of our campus online.

visit us
 

 









































































 






 

contact us






1900 selwyn ave.
charlotte, nc 28274







704-337-2200





info for


parents & families


school counselors


news media




policies


accreditation


non-discrimination policy


policy & procedures






© 2025 queens university of charlotte







