





football videos



















		skip to content	



football videos

				the greatest football videos			








   jude bellingham hands jurgen klopp transfer boost as shortlist emerges 

 
liverpool transfer target jude bellingham has spoken out on his preferred midfield role as speculation continues to ramp up ahead of a potential move to anfield next summer. liverpool will be hoping to make the most of a two week window to regroup in the wake of their disappointing start to the new premier league season. the reds are currently in eighth place in the top-flight, nine points behind the league’s early pace setters arsenal, after slipping up in matches against fulham and crystal palace in the early weeks of the campaign.

liverpool also fell to a humbling defeat against napoli in the champions league, but jurgen klopp’s side fought back to beat ajax just before the international break to sign off in style. here, mirror football takes a look at all the latest news from in and around anfield ahead of the reds’ return to action next weekend. the borussia dortmund star has been heavily linked with a move to anfield and the reds are expected to launch an ambitious bid to prise the 19-year-old, who has filled a variety of different midfield roles for both club and country, away from germany next summer. continue reading ”   jude bellingham hands jurgen klopp transfer boost as shortlist emerges”


posted byindexoctober 10, 2022posted inuncategorizedtags: bellingham 



2022/23: martinelli scores first pl season 

brazil international gabriel martinelli is the recipient of the first goal of the new premier league (pl) season after he opened the scoring for arsenal during their 2-0 away win over crystal palace. the two teams met in a london derby clash held at selhurst park and it was visitors arsenal who recorded an impressive win at the end of the game.
martinelli and arsenal were given the first game of the 2022/23 premier league season when the fixtures were released a few weeks back. the gunnerswere also involved in the opening game of the 2021/22 premier league season as they were beaten 2-0 by newly promoted side brentford in a london derby encounter. continue reading “2022/23: martinelli scores first pl season”


posted byindexseptember 18, 2022posted inuncategorizedtags: gabriel martinelli, martinelli 



                        fenerbache interested in united star andreas pereira 

according to espn, fenerbahce are considering a summer move for manchester united midfielder andreas pereira, who was sent out on a year-long loan to brazilian side flamengo last season. flamengo do not want to sign pereira permanently. and he is set to return to manchester united as the squad gathers for the pre-season.

a former psv eindhoven youth star, manchester united bought pereira in 2012 as a 16-year-old. considered a prospect for the future, he was first given the opportunity to represent the club’s first team in the 2014/15 season. but he could not quite muster a breakthrough performance and remained on the fringes of the senior squad. continue reading ”                        fenerbache interested in united star andreas pereira”


posted byindexjune 23, 2022posted inuncategorized 



                 mourinho looking to lure another chelsea star to roma 

roma boss jose mourinho is ready to tempt chelsea star and crystal palace loanee conor gallagher with a move to italy next season, according to teamtalk. the 22-year-old can stake a realistic claim to being the signing of the season thus far in england. gallagher joined crystal palace on loan from chelsea last summer and has earned rave reviews for his all-action performances under patrick vieira.
indeed, gallagher can often be seen hustling and harrying opposing defences with the same gusto in the 94th minute as he does in the first. the midfielder has also shown he is more than capable of adding end product to his game. his tally with nine matches to go stands at eight goals and five assists. continue reading ”                 mourinho looking to lure another chelsea star to roma”


posted byindexapril 14, 2022posted inuncategorized 



clark let out of magpies squad 

irish defender ciaran clark has been left out of the 25-man newcastle united squad ahead of the second half of the season. the republic of ireland international defender was one of the few first-team players dropped to make way for the new signings.

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/dgpvio-x4aa1ekb.jpg
newcastle united are in a relegation battle in the premier league and the new owners have splashed the cash on new players to help eddie howe in the bid to survive the relegation zone at the end of the season. mike ashley was the club owner at the start of the season before he sold the club to a saudi-led consortium officially in october. the new owners sacked manager steve bruce some weeks after their takeover was completed officially and appointed ex-burnley and bournemouth man howe as their new manager.
continue reading “clark let out of magpies squad”


posted byindexfebruary 14, 2022posted inuncategorizedtags: ciaran clark 



newcastle duo to miss norwich clash 

newcastle united will be without the services of skipper jamaal lascelles and matt ritchie for the big premier league clash withrelegation rivals norwich city. newcastle united play hosts to the canaries at st. james park on tuesday night with the target of claiming their first win of the season and they will have to achieve it without the defensive duo of lascelles and ritchie due to suspension.

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ffnpnysxsaozl9w.jpg
ritchie and lascelles both picked up their fifth bookingsof the season during the league encounter with arsenal at the weekend and they will serve a mandatory one-game ban against norwich city as a result. the two defensive players were in the starting xi for the arsenal game which ended in a 2-0 defeat for their team thanks to the goals from england international bukayo saka and brazilian substitute gabriel martinelli.
continue reading “newcastle duo to miss norwich clash”


posted byindexdecember 7, 2021posted inuncategorizedtags: pierre-emerick aubameyang 



man united back to winning ways 

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/fafbg00xiawiy4j.jpg
manchester united are back to winning ways after two successive 1-0 defeats in two separate competitions thanks to the late goal from star player cristiano ronaldo. he scored a stoppage time winner as the red devils picked up their first win in this season’s champions league via a 2-1 win over villarreal.

manchester united and villarreal met in the repeat of the europa league final last season and the former was able to take revenge on the latter for their penalty shootout loss. spanish la liga side villarreal won the europa league title last season after beating manchester united on penalties with spanish goalkeeper david de gea missing the decisive spot kick in sudden death. the two teams scored one goal apiece in 120 minutes and they needed penalties to decide the winner. in the end, the yellow submarines were able to win their first european trophy. continue reading “man united back to winning ways”


posted byindexoctober 18, 2021posted inuncategorizedtags: cristiano ronaldo 


posts pagination
1
2
3
…
30
older posts 








recent posts


   jude bellingham hands jurgen klopp transfer boost as shortlist emerges


2022/23: martinelli scores first pl season


                        fenerbache interested in united star andreas pereira


                 mourinho looking to lure another chelsea star to roma


clark let out of magpies squad


 


football videos,
						
				proudly powered by wordpress.			





