


  - knit on! yarns and accessories from around the world






































 

























								shop online
							



								items of interest
							



								directions, hours & contact info
							



								yours, mine and ours: a gallery of fos
							






our shop is now online!!visit our new online shop! order online then pick up at the shop or we will ship it to you.


shop online






hourssunday - closedmonday - 2 pm to 6 pmtuesday - closedwednesday - 11 am to 3 pmthursday - 1 pm to 5 pmfriday - 11 am to 3 pmsaturday - 11 am to 3 pmknitting and crochet classes available. please call:859-291-5648kniton2004@aol.com








shop warehouses full of yarn - every style, every color - now open to you through knit on!
most yarn companies are stepping up to help the lyss during this crazy time. most are drop shipping (sending to you from their warehouses) kits or yarns by the skein or in bags of 10. grab something to drink and settle in for some high quality shopping! refer back to this list when you need yarn. we will be adding our suppliers as we get more information. ordering drop shipped merchandise through knit on! will help us survive. thank you for your support!most of our suppliers do not have prices posted on their websites. please call or email  us for pricing. for most companies, there are too many for us to list!
order anything from berrocoberroco will ship in any amount, one skein, a hundred or anything inbetween (or beyond). shop their entire line of kits and yarns at their website. they also have lots of free patterns on their website. shipping is a flat rate of $8, no matter how much you buy.











 






 



 
browse the websites, then call knit on! or email us to place your order or for pricing.we are posting news and announcements on instagram and facebook.  follow us in instagram and facebook for news blasts. also, be sure to sign up for our  email list.your action list:follow us on instagram: knitonyarnshopfollow us on facebook: knit onsign up for our newsletter hereshop! shop!! shop!!!
order anything from urth yarnsurth yarns will also drop ship any number of skeins you want from their beautiful collection of hand dyed yarns. they also have kits available on their website which you can order through knit on! shipping is by weight.












 







 



 








order anything from universaluniversal yarn will drop ship single skeins, kits, books, needles and patterns. shipping is an $11 flat fee. they are also offering a free pattern every week.









order kits & lykke needle sets from knitting feverknitting fever will drop ship kits and lykke interchangeable needle sets. shipping is a $7.95 flat fee.









 
order most anything from frabjous fibers/wonderlandfrabjous fibers/wonderland will drop ship with a $70 retail minimum order (about 3 skeins). in addition to skeins of yarn, they have combo packs, kits, felted bags (so fun!) roving, and many other wonderful things. please check out their catalogue at the link. 










order anything from baah yarn

 






basket weave throw kits
basket weave throw kits are now available in either alpaka reina from araucania or classic superwash wool from ella rae. available in a variety of colors. each kit contains 10 skeins of either alpaka reina or classic superwash wool, a pattern for the throw and a paper bag to keep it all together.




















 

 



web hosting by netfirms








