























aalto university




















      skip to main content
    



















              apply to aalto
            






              support us
            




valitse sivuston kieli / välj webbplatsens språk / select site languageenfisuomeksisvsvenskaenenglish







search








                log in
              







menu





close menu









student guide







for personnel






aalto community members please  log in to see internal content




          admissions and studies
        



      apply to aalto          

      find a study programme          

      how to apply          

      scholarships and tuition fees          

      bachelor's admissions          

      master's admissions          

      doctoral admissions          

      campus life          

      events for applicants          

      chat with students          

      subscribe to newsletter 

      contact admission services          

      lifewide learning          

      exchange students          





          research and art
        



      about our research and art          

      tenure track career system          

      doctoral education          

      research and learning infrastructures          

      research portal research.aalto.fi 

      rankings          





          schools and departments
        


schools

      school of arts, design and architecture           

      school of business          

      school of chemical engineering          

      school of electrical engineering          

      school of engineering          

      school of science          

departments

      accounting & business law          

      applied physics          

      architecture          

      art and media          

      bioproducts and biosystems          

      built environment          

      chemical and metallurgical engineering          

      chemistry and materials science          

      civil engineering          

      computer science          

      design          

      economics          

      electrical engineering and automation          

      electronics and nanoengineering          

      film, television and scenography          

      finance          

      industrial engineering and management          

      information and communications engineering          

      information and service management          

      management studies          

      marketing          

      mathematics and systems analysis          

      energy and mechanical engineering          

      neuroscience and biomedical engineering          






          collaboration
        



      collaborate with us          

      for alumni          

      corporate collaboration          

      aalto networking platform          

      entrepreneurship and innovations          

      international collaboration          

      collaboration with cities and regions          

      support us          





          news and events
        



      highlights          

      news          

      events          

      aalto university magazine          

      ourblogs 

      podcasts          

      for the media          





          about us
        



      about aalto university          

      our strategy          

      sustainability          

      code of conduct          

      aalto handbook          

      campus          

      people and contact information          

      careers          





          tools and services
        



      all tools (requires login)          

      all services          

most used tools

      abacus-accounting 

      abacus-planning 

      ada 

      asio (booking.aalto.fi) 

      halli 

      mot kielipalvelu (language service) 

      neo 

      people hub          

      phone book 

      powerbi report finder 

      qlikview 

      datacycle360 (rondo) 

      tiima 

      webmail 

      webropol 

      workday 


most used services

      hr services          

      it services          

      learning services          

      library - learning centre          

      occupational health          

      printing          

      research and innovation services          

      teaching and learning services          

      travel services          


for students

      sisu 

      mycourses 

      mystudies 

      browse all courses 


other

      aalto space          

      aalto university shop 

      brand library and design system 

      lunch menus 


safety and emergencies

      emergencies          

      incident report          

      cyber security          

      cyber security incident report          








en




fi




sv







                      apply to aalto
                    






                    support us
                  






                      student guide
                    






                                            for personnel
                    





aalto community members please log in to see internal content



                      log in
                    









search































do you want to help accelerate research breakthroughs?
donations support the university's work and the success of society. learn more about aalto's top research and how to donate.




                      how technology is transforming brain disease treatment                    




                      enablers of the quantum revolution 




                      ai with humans at the center                    




                      make a! donation for a sustainable future!                    





























2025 is the year of quantum
this global declaration comes as finland continues making headlines as a quantum tech powerhouse




                      what does this declaration mean? 




                      quantum computers in research                    




                      aalto professor builds quantum devices                     





























interested in doctoral studies? 
doctoral studies pave the way for self-development and research geared toward solving demanding problems. apply now!




                      read more                    





























welcome to marsio!
the new meeting place on campus invites you to visit. enjoy our many great events or come for lunch and visit the aalto university shop!




                      read more about marsio                    


































            spotlight
      
 find more current news and interesting events on the news and events page.



see all aalto university news
















              
  professor päivi törmä and the superc consortium pursue room-temperature superconductivity with quantum geometry and ai
                          

professor päivi törmä and the superc consortium aim to realize the energy-saving reality of superconductors operating at higher temperatures than near-absolute zero. 



 4.2.2025

news

















              
  finland joins nasa’s artemis accords and secures millions in esa funding for space technology development 
                          

the winter satellite workshop, the largest new space event in the nordic and baltic countries, has started today on aalto university’s campus. during the event, esa launched the phi-lab finland innovation programme and finland signed the nasa’s outer space treaty. 



 21.1.2025

news

















              
  aalto university launches fundraising campaign with aim of raising €30 million as university celebrates 15th anniversary
                          

with the donations, aalto will be able to respond better to the growing needs of high-quality education, research and innovation



 7.1.2025

news






see all aalto university news






welcome to aalto university!
 

          study at aalto        




          open positions        




          contact us        










            join our many events
      
 find more current news and interesting events on the news and events page.



see all events
















              
  lahja exhibition 5.2.–21.3.2025
                          

this exhibition gives you a look at how aalto university, celebrating its 15th anniversary, has made an impact on its community and society.



marsio

















              
  take it or leave it recycling event open to all spring 2025
                          

welcome to the open to all recycling event!



17.–21.3.2025
events

















              
  looking for work in finland - introductions to best practice
                          

are you seeking employment opportunities in finland? don't miss the informative seminar on 'looking for work in finland – introductions to best practice.' join us and gain valuable insights into finnish job market on tue 4 march, 2025.



4.3.2025 9:00 – 12:00
events






see all events
















welcome to our campus!
planning a visit or hosting a group? learn how to make the most of your visit to aalto university campus or how to give a memorable visit to your delegation.visiting aalto universitymarsio, the campus open-to-all meeting placeexplore our campusexplore our vibrant innovation ecosystem










virtual campus experience 
explore aalto university’s campus from anywhere in the world! our digital guides introduce you to our learning facilities, laboratories, workshops, service spots and outdoor spaces. experience the tour on desktop, mobile or with vr headset. 


visit the tour













important quicklinks







  for personnel










  student guide










  security











            explore our six schools
      
 scientific research and artistic activities are carried out at six schools and their departments and units.








        
  school of arts, design and architecture
              



        one of the most prestigious universities in its fields. we educate our students to create imaginative, collaborative, compassionate and unconventional approaches to the most pressing challenges of today.
      













        
  school of engineering
              



        research, education and new solutions in the fields of mechanical engineering, civil engineering and built environment.
      













        
  school of business
              



        we strive for better business and better society. we excel in education and research with a multidisciplinary approach and in collaboration with our partners.
      













        
  school of chemical engineering
              



        we combine natural sciences and engineering in a unique way.
      













        
  school of electrical engineering
              



        we are experts in systems science developing integrated solutions from care of the elderly to space robotics.
      













        
  school of science
              



        science for tomorrow’s technology, innovations and businesses
      


























building finland's first quantum computer. photo: aalto university / mikko raskinen.














creative sustainability. photo: aalto university / mikko raskinen.














architectural gems of otaniemi. photo: aalto university / tuomas uusheimo.














trail to the laajalahti nature reserve and one of south finland's best birdwatching bay. photo: aalto university.














developing a connected campus. photo: aalto university / jaakko kahilaniemi.














aalto university’s art & design ranked 6th in the world. qs – art & design 2022.














one of the most international universities in europe. photo: aalto design factory / bijan mokhtari.














educating future thought-leaders. photo: aalto vision forum / lasse lecklin.
























































community voices







  watch our videos










  read our blogs










  listen to podcasts











            studies and courses open to all
      
















              
  lifewide learning
                          

aalto university lifewide learning helps you develop your skills in an ever-changing environment.


















              
  aalto university open university
                          

open university courses are open to everyone regardless of background or age. open university offers individual courses in business, technology, languages, and art and design. students are admitted to individual courses in the order of registration. 


















              
  aalto university junior
                          

aalto university junior is art, science, technology and entrepreneurship for children, young people and teachers - to support teaching, personal joy and a source of enthusiasm.












            information on ukraine
      







        
  ukraine war
              



        information on how russia's invasion of ukraine affects aalto university’s operations. 
      
















            read about our research and donate
      
 at aalto university, we create the conditions for innovation, economic growth, employment and wellbeing. a gift to the university is an investment in a better future.

















              
  research & art
                          

our research focuses on seven key areas combining four core competences in the fields of digitalisation, materials, arts, design and business together with three grand challenges related to energy, living environment, and health.


















              
  give for the future
                          

join us in building a sustainable future! together we can solve some of the toughest problems of our time.












                    follow us
            
 
facebook



bluesky



instagram



linkedin
























aalto university
p.o. box 11000 (otakaari 1b)
fi-00076 aalto
switchboard: +358 9 47001




follow us:



facebook




linkedin




bluesky




instagram




youtube




snapchat




blogs







quicklinks

research and artistic outputs
library – learning centre
admissions
alumni
media
it services
open university
aalto university shop
site index



latest

news
events
careers





contact

campus maps
contact information
ethical channel – whistleblowing



for students

student guide
webmail
mycourses
mystudies
sisu






                together towards a better world.
              
support new ideas, research, work and leadership development towards a stronger finland.
donate to aalto university







privacy notice
cookie policy
feedback
accessibility statement

cookie settings








suomeksi


svenska


english























