










galvanized for god » nad men's ministries




















































 
menu
 


 

 

leadership

conference & union directory


starting men’s ministries

why men’s ministries?
a game plan for starting
duties of a men’s ministry coordinator


events
men’s toolbox

activities for men’s groups
fatherhood
directory of counselors
men’s day of prayer
online resources
recommended books
sexual addiction and recovery


 
 



home
contact us
site map
 


search


submit
 

 

 
 
 






facebook


youtube 


 














galvanized for god

 


 













faithful to family

 


 













committed to church

 


 













serving the community

 


 
 
 
 




related sites
nad family ministries
asam (single adult ministries)
help! i’m a parent!
 



search


submit
 

 


 







 
welcome to nad men's ministries
after the fall, all relationships were infected with self-focused power struggles and all kinds of soul-destroying malfunctions which have contributed to a rise in unhealthy, hurting family systems. when families are spiritually and emotionally unhealthy, every member of the family suffers and there will be a greater likelihood of mental health issues the family experiences.
often men today experience misperceptions regarding their roles as sons, husbands, fathers, friends and disciples of christ; especially when they have not had emotionally or spiritually healthy, christ-reflecting fathers or other positive male role models.
additionally, an unprecedented assault upon god’s design of gender has resulted in christianity being blamed for adhering to toxic masculinity. we believe this cultural misperception presents christian men with an unprecedented opportunity to display the glory of god’s original design of self-sacrificing, service-focused manhood that condemns the toxic masculinity practices of aggression, violence and disrespect towards women and children.
as men examine the positive masculinity that christ exemplified, they can envision healthier masculinity characterized by self-awareness, vulnerability, respect, non-violence, accountability, emotional expression, fair-mindedness and servant-leadership.
when men commit themselves to an authentic, transformative relationship with jesus, they will experience his supernatural power which will help them break toxic, generational masculinity patterns and practices. they will be enabled to serve, love and empower their spouses, children and expanded spiritual family in their sphere of influence.
we invite you to join our nad family ministries department initiative connect2live, as we seek to empower men of all ages to connect to god’s healing and transforming love so they can be mission-focused men enabled to create and sustain healthy, loving relationships with god and others that will reflect the extravagant love christ displays to his church.
blessings and victories in jesus,
césar de león – phd, lmft
director of men’s ministries
north american division of seventh-day adventist church
 
our mission
galvanize the energy and resources of men for god, family, church and community.
 
our vision
men who love and have committed their energy and resources to god, family, church and community.
 


 


share
|





 



most popular articlesactivities for men’s groupshow to give life to your men’s ministry: ideas for success pray for guidance, and that the lord will help you select a few good men...duties of a men’s ministry coordinatordevelop and conduct on a periodic basis a wide variety of programs and activities that will meet the various contemporary needs of a diverse male...developing a mission statementit is necessary to develop a mission statement. this will give direction and purpose to men’s ministries in the church and will set the order...men’s day of prayerwe encourage churches to increase awareness of men’s issues by planning a men’s day of prayer, a special emphasis sabbath, for the first week in...




 
 
 
 










related sites
nad family ministries
asam (single adult ministries)
help! i’m a parent!
 



search


submit
 

 


 



nad family ministries sites:
men's ministries ◆ help! i'm a parent
adventist single adult ministries (asam)
under the auspices of the north american division of seventh-day adventists

children's privacy policy | legal notice
 
 
 




              copyright © 2025, nad family ministries
            

9705 patuxent woods dr.
 columbia,
               md
               21046, usa               (443) 391-7242

log in
 

leadership
starting men’s ministries
events
men’s toolbox
 
 
 
 
 



 


