


pacinfo internet solutions - local cloud backup





































































pacinfo has joined the alpha it family of brands, for more details on alpha it, click here 






 

 












 


 web mail access




   
  











e-mail center
manage your mailboxes here. 


   





subscribe 
                        to our enewsletter








   



 
  
                          click "learn more" to see how you can compose 
                          and send your own enewsletter.  





pacinfo 
                        brochure


click 
                        here 
                        to download a copy of our brochure (pdf), or come by our 
                        office to pick up a printed copy.








mail server 
                        settings


incoming mail (pop3 or imap):




mail.pacinfo.com


outgoing mail 
                        (smtp):


mail.pacinfo.com





access number(s)


541-762-7762
				541-359-4024






email setup information
                        
often we get questions about how to set up email on a new phone or a new computer.  here is a page where you can get instructions and settings.
                        windows 7 and server 2008 r2 end of life
as windows 7 comes to the end of its life, applications in enterprise desktop and virtualization environments everywhere will feel the effects.
luckily, there are a couple of things you can do if your applications depend on windows 7: you can use a very old windows server platform or jump on the virtualization bandwagon.
jan 14, 2020, support for windows 7 will have ended. on that day, any newly found security holes will not be fixed by microsoft. 
this is such a serious threat that all companies housing financial and medical information are being required by law to upgrade any and all computer systems running windows 7 or windows server 2008 r2 because firewalls and anti-virus software will not be sufficient to completely protect them (or you).
and while january 14, 2020 may seem like a ways  off today, updating an it infrastructure is a large task that takes  considerable time. it’s important you take action now, before it’s too late.
windows 7 support will be ending january 14th 2020. make sure you have a migration plan.
read more...
business server backup
we have a couple of ways we can backup your servers. either just the data, or image backups with data being transmitted off site. protect your business by protecting the data critical to your business. call us for more information.
support portal for remote support click here
virus and malware removal.
                          if you find that your computer is infected, and don't now how to remove it, pacinfo can help.  removing viruses can take a lot of time or a little time to remove. however, for your protection, we clean your computer of the malware for a flat rate fee, so you can have peace of mind when you bring your computer in for cleaning.   normally that fee is $159, but for a limited time we are offering to do it for $120.  you just need to bring your computer to our office. if you want to prevent viruses from getting on your computer, you can check out pacinfo's managed antivirus service where removal is discounted even more and often we can work on the computer remotely and you don't need to bring it in.
willamette.net merges with pacinfo
we are proud to announce that willamette.net has joined forces with pacinfo internet solutions of eugene, creating the largest locally owned internet service provider in the southern willamette valley.  the merger of eugene's two oldest and largest isps combines both companies' considerable resources to provide expanded internet services, which include broadband, dial-up, website design and hosting, e-mail, off-site backup, and server co-location.  the merger will not affect current willamette.net or pacinfo customers.  according to ceo randy mcmillan, "both willamette.net and pacinfo are known for high quality service and support.  that commitment will not change."
change  will come in the form of the relocation of the pacinfo servers to the current  offices of willamette.net. “the server room facilities at willamette.net are  superior to our current location, and it only makes sense to use the best  facilities to provide our customers the best service” says mcmillan.
the merger allows pacinfo to better implement their off-site backup services and provide a more robust server room environment for customers who need a place to house their servers in an internet data center. the combined companies will now have increased resources to provide expanded internet services, including broadband, dial-up, website design and hosting, e-mail, off-site backup, and server co-location.
your 
                          local isp. 


 
                              proven track record  
                              friendly personal service  
                              locally owned and operated  
                              providing complete internet services
 
                              easily accessible customer support  
                              email virus protection  
                              email forwarding 
  
                              no hassle  
                              no contract required
 
                              no impersonal national providers  
                              no waiting for technical support 






get your own domain




 


   
                                 








 




sample 
                            list view 
                              all


downtownlanguages.org
nwyouthcorps.org
inspirednutrition.com
cozycruiser.com
flappinflags.com
crossarms.com 
laneco.org
okweber.com
oakridgesand.com
nupplegal.com





541-344-5006
 call today for your free web development consultation






 

 
do you have viruses or spyware on your comptuer? we can remove them for just $120! 
we currently have remote support available where you can allow us to log into your computer to fix many problems. call for more information.
 


 


starter kit packages - easy, 
                          fast & affordable web sites
                          enhance your company's image and express your company's 
                          individual character. cost doesn't have to be "out 
                          of sight" to make your presence known! call us 
                          for more information or to set up a time to review these 
                          options with examples. 541-344-5006
transit solution  
                          (starter kit package 1)
single 
                          web page designed to make your presence known. a professionally 
                          designed basic information page to get you started. 
                          please call for details.
economy solution  
                          (starter kit package 2)
a 
                          professional web site with up to 5 pages. individually 
                          enhanced to reflect your company's character. please 
                          call for details.
ecommerce packages
add 
                          affordable shopping cart packages to a starter kit solution, 
                          custom development or to your existing site.
custom 
                          development 
completely 
                          custom design your own specifics to meet your individual 
                          needs. quotes are based on characteristics, applications, 
                          and programmable features. every website is unique - 
                          like each of us. 










support 
      | corporate | sitemap | backup and support | web hosting | web 
      development | email


serving lane county since 1980


© copyright 2011-2022 pacinfo all rights reserved
terms & conditions









platinum 
        web hosting
standard 
        web hosting
co-location
domain 
        registration




creative design
custom application
site maintenance
samples of our work
client list




marketing campaign
web development package
what is internet marketing?




dial up
dsl with qwest
referral program




web mail
quarantined mail
virus protection
spam filtering
vacation
forward




 faq
 set up
 access numbers
 support hours




 about us
 contact us
 location
 testimonials




 search engines
 online news
 useful links
 e-newsletter




 internet services
 web hosting
 web development




managed backup
business support
individual support




