




	iowa ornithologists' union













iowa ornithologists' union





login

menu







home

about iou

get involved

iowa bird life journal

iowa birds

finding birds in iowa

learn about birds

search

sitemap

how do i...?

contact us

members


iou business


login


create account






iowa
                    ornithologists'
                    union
                
bringing together birders of
all skill levels
goal: develop birders to encourage bird observation,

identification, and reporting and share a consistent,
 trusted historical snapshot of birds in iowa 
join/renew today



  new to birding? how to get started  




announcements


small grant application cycle now open   
                                    details


upcoming events




birding iowa video (27 min)




produced by jason prine, mediacom (shared with permission)












the people


who is an ornithologist? you are an ornithologist!

if you enjoy the wild birds of iowa, then you are one of us! no degrees, no training, no experience required.




learn more about the iou

connect with others






join or renew your membership

iowa bird life - quarterly journal














the birds


432
 species of birds on the state checklist

213
 of these are breeding birds.





learn more about our birds

iowa checklist





become a better birder

iowa breeding bird atlas













the places


from the grasslands and prairies to the deciduous forests

our land between the mississippi and missouri has a variety of habitats. the hotspot guide will give you some good ideas of the best places to go birding.




where to bird

birding location guides



                             
                        



birding by county

iowa ebird hotspots










news



notable birds from ebird



 
                                    





iou listserv

the iou uses google groups for its mail list of interesting observations and announcements. you can view it on-line, use the app, or simply join the group to receive email messages as they are posted.
subscribe to the ia-bird group


email














upcoming events





5/16/2025
spring iou conference - south sioux city, ne
next meeting details











additional iou resources





iowa bird records
 

the iowa records committee evaluates reports of rare birds and maintains a repository of evidence of these observations. report your sightings and explore the species reported over the years.





ann barker memorial library
 

digitized issues of iowa bird life since it's inception in 1931. this library was made available through the bequest of former president ann barker.





breeding bird atlas ii
 

the results of iowa's second breeding bird atlas which was conducted 2008-2012. read about changes in status and compare data from the first atlas (1985-1990).





important bird areas
 

a program of iowa audubon, the important bird areas are monitored through data collected by iou members.





activities about birds - elementary
 

a collection of educational activities for students, teachers, and parents, taken from the teacher's guide first published in 1997 but remains timeless.





avian archives of iowa online
 

the iou's history is stored at iowa state's parks library special collections and has been digitized for review.










listserv/span>

facebook/span>

youtube/span>

send message/span>

privacy


iowa ornithologists' union

7947 ne 50th ave

altoona, ia  50009-9452


© 2025 iowa ornithologists' union. all rights reserved. v 6.0
        spawned by ajendeavors, llc

















