


royal jewels of the world
























    
	royal jewels of the world
	
  
dedicated to the dissemination of information on royal jewels past and present



sunday, july 27, 2008



	 imperial rubies
    


one of the most beautiful ruby parures was originally owned bymarie alexandrovna, the duchess of edinburgh and saxe-coburg-gotha.  only daughter of tsar alexandar ii of russia, mariealexandrovna was used to having the best of everything.her jewelry collection was superb and the bridal gifts fromher father were no exception.created by bolin and given in 1874, the year of her marriage toprince alfred, the parure consisted of a lotus-motif tiara, adevant de corsage and a sumptuous necklace.  as for the otherpieces shown, i am personally not certain of the background ofthe three separate pieces, pendant earrings and one lone cluster.the duchess of edinburgh wore her rubies for the coronation festivities of tsar nicholas ii in 1896.  here she is photographed wearing the devant de corsage and necklace.  there seems to have never been pictures of marie alexandrovna wearing the tiara, although she had another ruby tiara in her collection. from the duchess of edinburgh, the parure went to her daughter alexandra, princess of hohenlohe-langenburg.  if anyone recalls seeing pictures of the princess wearing her mother's jewels, let me know because i have yet to see one.  the last wearer of the set was princess margarita of greece, princess alexandra's daughter-in-law.  she wore the tiara to the 1962 wedding of juan carlos of spain and sofia of greece, as well as another wedding in the 1970's (pictured).  the princess died in 1981 and her jewels were auctioned off in 1989.



posted by jan @ 7:39 pm  
      
         7 comments






tuesday, july 22, 2008



	 ruby red
    


it has been a long while since i last posted.  since it is still july,i thought about posting some things about rubies.  here is what i posted at the royal jewels of the world message board.the greek ruby parure consists of a tiara in the naturalistic designof olive fruits and leaves, a pair of pendant earrings, a necklace,and two brooches.personally i do not know which pieces made up the original parure.from this postcard picture of queen olga, born a grand duchess ofrussia, we can see the tiara and a choker necklace.  i think therewas a pendant brooch, but since i cannot locate the bigger picture,i can only speculate.bjarne steen jensen was kind enough to post a response to my initialposting.  part of the parure may well have been a gift from kinggeorge i to his wife, but given the financial state of the greekroyal family at that time, the rest could have come from russia.i had thought the tiara altered, but bjarne reassured us that it hadnot.  rather, the tiara's leaves could be moved a little.according to bjarne, the rubies were left to prince nikolaos by queen olga.  after his death, his widow, the former grand duchess elena vladimirovna, presented the parure to queen frederika.  in turn the then dowager queen gifted the set to her newly married daughter-in-law, queen anne-marie.from queen frederika's picture we can see that the necklace has beenshortened.  two pendants are gone, and so are several links.  the colorof the rubies is a dark pinkish red that can be most likely categorizedas the color of pigeon's blood.  personally i like rubies that arebright red or a rich red like human blood, since i have never seenthe blood of a pigeon.  as for point of origination, it is probably burma.



posted by jan @ 11:39 am  
      
         3 comments






friday, march 17, 2006



	 happy st. patrick's day - peridot power!
    


one of my favorite green parures and the one that got me to betterappreciate semiprecious stones, is the peridot parure of archduchessisabella of austria.from the sotheby's auction catalog (london - magnificient antique jewels 6/20/01), the parure was attributed to the habsburg imperial jeweller kochert and originally made for the archduchess henriette, wife of archduke karl of tuscany. the parure passed on from archduke karl to his nephew and heir, archduke friedrich, the husband of archduchess isabella.the parure consists of a tiara, necklace, earrings and a corsage ornament, with large fine quality peridots set in flower and leaves setting of the 1820's. after the death of archduchess isabella's widower in 1936, the parure was auctioned off in 1937. it was purchased by count johannes coudenhove-kalergi, the father of the parure's last owner. after the death of countess maria coudenhove-kalergi the jewels were again auctioned off in 2001 and purchased by the jewelry firm fred leighton. the necklace and earrings were worn by joan rivers to the acadent awards a year or so after the sale.archduchess isabella, nee croy, wearing the peridot parure for a portrait taken during the coronation of emperor karl i of austria as king of hungary. the necklace's pendants can be removed andplaced upright on the tiara.



posted by jan @ 7:38 am  
      
         6 comments






wednesday, march 15, 2006



	 emerald dreams
    


 another beautiful set of green are the royal emeralds of greece.the parure consists of a large diamond tiara set with five cabachon emeralds, a pair of drop earrings, a corsage ornament and five detachable pendant drops. queen anne-marie wears the pendant drops on a diamond chain that she inherited from her grandmother, queen alexandrine of denmark.the emeralds most likely came to greece with queen olga, borna russian grand duchess. i have not seen any image of the queenwearing the emeralds in any setting, but russia was a source ofemeralds and the romanovs had many of the best gems in theirpossession. so who was the first owner of the emeralds?   the first known wearer of the stones was queen elisabeth, borna princess of romania and daughter of the flamboyant queen marie.in the first picture the queen wore a single cabachon emerald,set between diamond leaves, as a bandeau. later on it was redoneas another bandeau, this time with two other cabachons all setupright on a row of collet diamonds. the tiara was reset yetagain, this time set between e-shaped diamond motifs in akokoshnik frame.  e of course was for "elisabeth", making itand the matching corsage ornament a unique design.  when queen frederika, nee hanover, wore the tiara, the borderhad been removed and the jewel augmented. the queen oftenwore it as a necklace, along with the diamond tiara of hermother-in-law, queen sophia, nee prussia. queen anne-mariehas worn the emeralds many times - the pahlavi celebrations at persepolis, princess alexandra of sayn-berleburg-sayn'swedding and crown prince frederik of denmark's wedding.



posted by jan @ 8:23 am  
      
         5 comments






friday, march 10, 2006



	 a beautiful green
    


 the norwegian emerald parure is one of the loveliest, with the dark, rich green of the rain forest. its origins goes back to napoleon with theneo-classical design commonfor that time. the originalowner was reportedly the empress josephine, makingits way first to swedenthrough princess josephineof leuchtenberg.   queen sofia of sweden, nee nassau, wearing the tiara. during her time the necklace had seven pendants and there were no earrings. crown princess margarita, nee connaught, wore her mother-in-law's emeralds to her cousin king george v's coronation in 1911. the set was later inherited by the queen's youngest son, prince carl, and worn by his wife, princess ingeborg, nee denmark. the tiara, necklace and brooch came to norway as gifts to crown princess martha from her parents on the birth of the norwegian heir, the future king harald. by the time crown princess martha received the jewels, all but one of the pendants were gone, and the two large tear-shaped emeralds were replaced by diamond honeysuckle motifs and made into earrings. 



posted by jan @ 6:13 am  
      
         4 comments






monday, march 06, 2006



	 the green queen
    


in honor of march and st. patrick's day,i thought some green would be appropriate. we start off with the cambridge emeralds. they were won in a charity lottery in 1818by queen mary's grandmother, augusta, the duchess of cambridge.after queen mary acquired the vladimir circle tiara she had itadapted to be worn with the remaining fifteen emerald drops.   other pieces in the collection include two pendant brooches.along with the emeralds presented to queen mary at the delhidurbar, these green gems are just luscious!(the queen's jewels by leslie field, 1987 ed., p.88)



posted by jan @ 8:38 am  
      
         1 comments






saturday, march 04, 2006



	 the khedive of egypt cartier tiara
    


a jewel of great sentimental value to the danish royal familyis the diamond and platinum cartier tiara of crown princessmargarita of sweden.  it was originally a weddng gift fromthe khedive of egypt to princess margaret of connaught, whowas to marry the future king gustav vi adolf of sweden in1905.  egypt was the place where the royal couple first met.  after the untimely death of crown princess margarita in 1920,the tiara was inherited by her daughter princess ingrid, whobrought it with her when she married into the danish royalfamily in 1935.  upon her death in 2000 the tiara passed onto queen ingrid's youngest daughter,  queen anne-marie ofgreece.  when the three daughters of queen ingrid got married, theywore their grandmother's tiara as a way to acknowledge hermemory; princess margrethe in 1967, princess benedikte in1968 and princess anne-marie in 1964. this lovely family tradition was carried out in the nextgeneration, with princess benedikte's older daughterprincess  alexandra zu sayn-wittgenstein-berleburgwearing the tiara in 1998, and queen anne-marie ofgreece's alexia wearing it in 1999.  the two remainingunmarried female descendants of queen ingrid areprincess theodora of greece and princess nathalie zusayn-wittgenstein-berleburg, so the tradition willcontinue.an engraving of the khedive of egypt tiara in the june 17,1905 edition of the illustrated london news.  the tiaracould have also been worn as a corsage ornament, as shownhere.



posted by jan @ 5:26 pm  
      
         0 comments











about me

name:  jan 
location:  urbana, illinois 
view my complete profile



shameless plug



previous posts

imperial rubies
ruby red
happy st. patrick's day - peridot power!
emerald dreams
a beautiful green
the green queen
the khedive of egypt cartier tiara
cock-a-leekie!
a feast of fringes
my favorite tiara

my other blogs


royal jewels of the world 2
yen ta fo
the golden hill


royalty links

royal jewels of the world mb
glittering royal events
royal magazin
the royalist

archives

december 2005
march 2006
july 2008









 





