



 find financial advisors | get matched to local advisors |respond.com
























our history


our mission


websites

wiseradvisor.com
paladinregistry.com
retirementplanning.net
financialadvisor.net
financialplanners.net
indyfin.com
rothira.org



blogs

wiseradvisor blog
paladin registry blog
retirement planning blog
financial advisor blog
financial planners blog
indyfin blog
roth ira blog



contact us















						always responding to your need to make prudent financial
						decisions
					










history of respond.com
respond.com was founded in 1998 to provide consumers
						information about businesses and for businesses to connect with
						informed consumers.
respond.com inc was founded in silicon valley, ca in early
						1998. it was acquired by teoco in 2003. today it is privately
						owned by founder and ceo of teoco, atul jain.


						respond was an online lead generation company designed to connect
						buyers with sellers across multiple industries. the company's
						platform offered a spam-free way for consumers to request product
						information from companies, acted as a liaison between shoppers
						and merchants, and protected shoppers' anonymity while forwarding
						requests via e-mail messages to merchants selling items.this
						enabled consumers to have an information source and merchants to
						acquire customers. it also hosted 60+ platforms for industry
						leaders like verizon™ superpages.com, qwest™
						dex.com, martindale-hubbellâ® online law directory,
						bridesandgrooms.com, wiseradvisor.com, and many more.
					
since 2008, respond has focused only on the financial services industry
					   and provides consumers with informative financial tips and guides, advisors' verified client reviews, as well as a free match tool to help consumers find
					   and connect with vetted financial advisors. for financial advisors, it acts 
					   as an efficient digital marketing platform for online lead generation.









our mission/purpose



								to empower consumers and enable them to make
								well-informed financial decisions.
							


respond has been in business for over 20 years in a very
								crowded marketplace. no business can survive through the ups and
								downs of time without listening to what people have to say. we
								hear you at respond and believe in providing you with the right
								tools and resources to the best of our ability to help you make
								the right financial decisions and succeed. we are here to not
								only provide you with a knowledge base, but also to connect you
								with the right financial professionals that can assist you in
								your life's journey towards reaching your financial goals.


















our brands










wiseradvisor.com
wiseradvisor is an online platform dedicated to helping
						investors gain fundamental financial knowledge and find financial
						advisors that may help them reach their financial goals. the
						website empowers individuals by providing informative financial
						tools such as calculators, simple infographics, free downloadable
						pdfs as well as in-depth financial articles and blogs. for those
						looking to consult a financial advisor, wiseradvisor has a robust
						directory of vetted financial advisors as well as a list of
						advisors near their location to compare and identify one that may
						be best suited to their needs. wiseradvisor also connects
						well-intentioned investors to 2-3 vetted financial advisors
						through their match service at no cost to consumers.
visit
						website











paladinregistry.com
paladin research and registry is a free online financial
						research tool investors use to explore detailed information about
						financial advisors, advisory firms, understand financial terms and
						other related financial topics. this financial research material
						is used to guide investors into making well informed financial
						decisions. paladin registry not only contains an abundance of free
						information for investors, it also consists of a directory listing
						of member financial advisors that passed a stringent vetting
						process and details the research report of each advisor or
						advisory firm. an investor may also choose to use the financial
						advisor match service provided by the website to connect and
						interview upto 3 financial advisors with absolutely no obligation
						to hire.
visit
						website











retirementplanning.net
retirementplanning.net is an online resource for everything
						retirement.the site is focused on helping consumers plan for their
						retirement. retirement can be quite a challenge and can seem
						unattainable especially when one takes inflation and one's current
						cost of living into consideration. retirementplanning.net provides
						comprehensive information on financial planning - saving,
						budgeting, investing, as well as how to spend wisely pre and post
						retirement. the informative blog on the website also covers
						important retirement account and plan related topics such as iras,
						401ks, social security, estate planning, etc. the articles enable
						the consumers to make informative decisions about their future
						financial and retirement needs. the website also includes a free
						match service for those looking to find and connect with financial
						advisors for their retirement planning needs. it is a free
						personalized match service with retirement advisors who offer a
						free initial consultation.
visit
						website











financialadvisor.net
financialadvisor.net is an online directory of registered
							financial advisors. it is also a digital guide that helps
							consumers understand the roles and functions of a financial
							advisor, such as why one should hire a financial advisor,
							services they provide, the different designations and types of
							financial advisors that exist, the costs of hiring an advisor,
							etc. the website also provides useful tools and resources to
							understand the complex world of financial advisory services and
							how to navigate through it. this site explains the many benefits
							of using a financial advisor for wealth management, retirement
							planning as well as other personal financial matters through its
							comprehensive articles. additionally, through this online
							directory, consumers can also inform themselves on the best
							practices of financial advisors and connect with pre screened
							registered advisors, should they require professional guidance. visit
							website











financialplanners.net
financialplanners.net is an online guide for financial
						planning as well as a directory of financial planners and
						advisors. the site was created to enable consumers to take better
						control of their finances and make the right moves when it comes
						to their money. consumers are provided information that may help
						them plan out their finances and make the right investment
						decisions. using consistently updated financial articles, and blog
						posts like "key components of a good financial plan" and "why it
						is important to revisit your financial plan in 2022", consumers
						are enabled and kept informed. through this website, consumers may
						also connect with vetted financial planners, should they need a
						professional to create a financial plan for them. each
						advisor/planner on the directory had been vetted for experience,
						compensation methods used by them and hold clean records. the
						advisors on this network are fee-only or fee based.
						commission-only advisors are not included.
visit
						website











indyfin.com
lndyfin is an online investor experience platform redefining how consumers find,
					 research, and connect with financial advisors. this website empowers individuals to 
					 make informed financial decisions by providing verified client reviews and ratings 
					 of financial advisors and advisory firms. the investors get an overall understanding 
					 of why fellow investors trust these advisors and firms with their crucial financial 
					 decisions. lndyfin also makes finding 'the right' advisor easier by providing independent 
					 validation of an advisor's credentials and work history. additionally, an investor may also 
					 choose to use the personalized financial advisor match service provided by the website to 
					 interview and compare up to 3 financial advisors that suit their needs with absolutely no obligation to hire.
visit
						website











rothira.org
rothira.org is an online comprehensive guide focused on
						informing consumers on the purpose, use and importance of roth
						iras and retirement planning. this thorough guide illustrates key
						components on what a rothira is, how it is different from a
						traditional ira, how to create a roth ira, the rules of rothira
						withdrawals, how roth ira funds are distributed and other
						pertinent information regarding retirement planning. the
						rothira.org website has been organized in a manner that allows
						consumers to research and evaluate their own specific retirement
						goals by reading through regularly updated articles, using the
						retirement calculators provided as well as by consulting a
						professional using the free financial advisor match service. these
						valuable tools are provided to help consumers navigate through
						important financial decision-making processes for themselves as
						well as their families.
visit website






get in touch






contact



phone:
703-651-2060




email:
info@respond.com




address:
12150 monument drive, suite 700
									fairfax, va, 22033
							













privacy
										policy 
 terms
										and conditions 


respond.com inc. ("respond") is registered with the u.s. securities and exchange commission as an investment adviser, and operates through various subsidiaries and brands that provide financial education. certain respond subsidiaries and brands match and refer investors to qualified financial professionals that have elected to participate in our matching platform. neither respond nor any of its subsidiaries or brands manage investor assets or otherwise render investment or financial planning advice beyond the referral of investors to qualified financial professionals. by using this website, you agree to our terms and conditions.


								© 2025 respond.com | all rights reserved.
							









