



nc realty solutions real estate agency
























nc realty solutions

professional real estate services backed by dedication and experience





about

real estate services
testimonials
q & a session


featured homes

new home & lot/land search


buying a home

buyer agency
accredited buyer agent
short sales and foreclosure certified
relocation services
about mortgages
loan calculator


selling your home

residential marketing and listing services
free market analysis


contact us









professional real estate services
 backed by dedication and experience 



001   
002   
003   
004   
005   
006   

learn more








our commitment to you.


 at nc realty solutions, we are dedicated to helping you find the right home for you and your family.  













nc realty solutions


experience and wisdom working for you!


if you are considering buying or selling real estate in north carolina, you owe it to yourself to work with experienced professionals with a vast array of services. nc realty solutions is a family owned local company started by bill and mary jo ryan, long term real estate brokers in the raleigh/durham/chapel hill area. our goal is to provide buyers and sellers full professional services with a personal touch. we have over 20 years of experience helping buyers and sellers with new homes, re-sales, condos, townhouses, raw land, building lots, and vacation and retirement homes. in addition, mary jo is an accredited buyer agent, short sale and foreclosure certified broker and has extensive experience in the relocation business. bill has over 30 years of customer service, sales and negotiating experience. we work together to make sure you get the time and attention you need to meet your goals. it doesn't matter if you are a first time home buyer or experienced real estate investor... you have our full attention.
we recognize that all buyers and sellers are unique. what works for one person may not meet the needs of another. as a result, we offer a wide range of real estate services, including a menu of listing services ranging from assistance for sellers without representation to full national listing and marketing systems. there are also many options in between allowing you to choose what works best for you.
we can assist you in the raleigh/triangle area with expertise in raleigh, durham, chapel hill, cary, wake forest, garner, fuquay-varina, holly springs, apex, wendell, knightdale, zebulon, morrisville, youngsville, louisburg, clayton, and willow spring. we are very familiar with all of the counties in this part of north carolina and can help you in chatham county, durham county, franklin county, granville county, johnston county, orange county and wake county.
we have an extensive referral network! if we can't assist you directly, we can refer you to a competent real estate professional that specializes in the location or service you are interested in. no need to sift through numerous websites trying to find the right broker for you. we can quickly match you with a real estate professional that is experienced in the area you are interested in and one that you feel comfortable working with. this service is free with no obligations... just a chance to quickly meet the right broker for you!







mary jo ryan, broker, realtor®, abr®, sfr epro

we know this market well and can help you find the perfect property for your budget and life goals. let us put our expertise to work for you whether you are buying or selling!

buying a home
accredited buyer agent
short sale and foreclosure certified broker
mortgages
featured properties
frequently asked questions

contact mj




bill ryan, broker, realtor®

we have a large network of buyers and sellers to help meet your needs. we know how to market your home for top dollar and profits. call today for a free consultation.


selling your home
residential marketing and listing services
free comprehensive home market analysis

contact bill










visit us on facebook










© 2001-2020 nc realty solutions, inc., north raleigh homes all rights reserved

custom real estate site by: web detailer














