

cpa - accountant - patrick cooper & associates, p.c., cpa










 



































make payments with paypal - it's fast, free and secure!


welcome
 patrick 
        cooper & associates, p.c. is a full-service public accounting, income 
        tax, and management consulting firm serving the greater houston community 
        and the bay area.  
        our dedicated team of professionals provide quality accounting, auditing, 
        tax, financial and management consulting services to businesses and their 
        owners. in addition, we provide services to individuals in the areas of 
        income tax preparation, financial and tax planning, estate and retirement 
        planning, irs problem resolution, and personal debt management. we get 
        to know you and strive to earn your complete satisfaction by paying attention 
        to details and your individual needs. 
our experience 
        in these service areas combined with our small-firm structure enable you 
        to receive personalized service at a reasonable price. we are licensed 
        with the american institute of certified public accountants and the texas 
        state board of public accountancy. our professional staff receives the 
        required education annually to stay current with the latest accounting 
        and taxation laws and regulations. 
contact us 
        today obtain real solutions leading to real results. we look forward to 
        serving you! 

frequently 
        asked questions
 q: how 
        much and what kind of documents do you need to prepare my tax return?

a: for personal income tax returns, we need all of the year-end 
        tax reporting documents for your sources of income (form w-2, 1099, 1098, 
        etc.) that are sent to you in january and february. we also need recaps 
        of your various tax deductions such as donations, property taxes, mortgage 
        interest, and any sole proprietor business deductions. the more organized 
        you are in providing your tax information, the less time it should take 
        us to prepare your tax return. 
for business 
        tax returns, we need your business' year-end financial statements, which 
        consist of a balance sheet and profit/loss statement. if your business 
        does not use a computerized software program for bookkeeping purposes, 
        we have cost-effective software programs where we can maintain your monthly 
        or annual bookkeeping on our computer system for a reasonable fee. then 
        we can prepare the annual tax return using the reports generated by our 
        computer. please contact us with questions about specific software programs. 
        
q: what 
        role do you play if the irs audits me? 
a: we will negotiate directly with the irs officer assigned to 
        your audit once you authorize us as your tax representative. we will review 
        the tax return being audited and advise you on any exposure areas. we 
        will ask the irs officer to work in our office and deal directly with 
        us so that they do not interrupt your daily business operations, and we 
        only provide them information that they specifically request for the audit. 
        
q: what 
        is irs problem resolution?
a: if a taxpayer falls behind in paying taxes to the irs, we can 
        assist in negotiating a payment plan with the irs. in more severe cases 
        where financial or health difficulties prevent someone from paying their 
        taxes, we can prepare a written offer to settle with the irs for pennies-on-the-dollar, 
        so that you can get relief and move forward with your life. 
q: how 
        secure are your computer systems, and how do you accept data from your 
        clients? 
a: we use an inter-office network computer system where staff utilize 
        the firm's centralized computer programs and files. we maintain a separate 
        external data backup system to ensure the safety of firm and client data. 
        we accept client data either in hardcopy form or through the use of e-mail 
        with files electronically attached.
q: what 
        hours are you available? 
a: we are available during normal business hours which are 8:30 
        a.m. to 5:30 p.m. monday through friday. we would be happy to make special 
        arrangements for evening or weekend consultations. 
q: how 
        do you bill for your services?
a: our fees are calculated based on the amount of time we spend 
        on each project and the level of expertise of our staff. our fees range 
        from $90 per hour for bookkeeping to $180 per hour for income tax returns. 
        we will attempt to keep our time to a minimum, and where feasible we will 
        utilize our client's personnel to prepare necessary schedules and analysis. 
        we generally present our invoice at the completion of work on each project, 
        and payment is due upon receipt. we accept cash, checks and credit card 
        payments. 
if we 
        can answer any questions or be of service in any way, don't hesitate to 
        contact us. to schedule an appointment, call (281) 488-1854 and ask for 
        patrick.  
privacy 
        statement

copyright 
        © patrick cooper, cpa. all rights are reserved. patrick cooper & associates, 
        p.c. is a texas-based certified public accounting (cpa) firm serving the 
        bay area, houston and pearland, texas. our services include income tax 
        preparation and consulting, financial statement preparation, quickbooks 
        bookkeeping and accounting, estate planning, business formation (i.e. 
        incorporation as a c-corporation or s-corporation, limited liability company, 
        partnerships, etc.), and other small business services. 
 

 




case 
              histories




self-employed 
                  businessman


 
a 
                  self-employed consultant...









"patrick 
              began servicing my tax and accounting needs when he purchased the 
              practice of my long-time cpa who was retiring. when my bookkeeper 
              needed assistance with recording transactions in our quickbooks 
              ledger, patrick came to my office and assisted her in recording 
              the transactions. then he met with me and inquired about the operational 
              and financial performance of my business, and briefly explained 
              the differences between reporting financial results under the accrual 
              versus cash methods of accounting. i learned more from patrick that 
              day than i had learned from my other cpa in years." 
"i 
              have since hired patrick to prepare a compiled financial statement 
              that was required for a construction bond application, and also 
              to advise me on the sales tax rules for my contracts. i have been 
              pleased with the quality and timeliness of his work." 
clayton 
              d., business owner, 
              dickinson












home 
  | about us | client 
  services | tax resolution | tools 
  & resources | newsletter 
| contact us

patrick 
  cooper & associates, p.c.
  business advisors and certified public accountants
  7930 broadway, suite 108, pearland, tx 77581
  phone 281-488-1854 / fax (281) 485-6606 pcooper@cooperassociatescpa.com


 


 






