




 


national association for poetry therapy - home



 




give


















log in


  






home




about



mission




welcome letter from our president




board & committees




regional representatives & grants




christopher mazza "pursue the dream"







membership



why join napt




join/renew







conference & events



conference 2025



2025 welcome & conference information




2025 conference at a glance




2025 conference session descriptions




2025 conference pricing




2025 conference bookstore




2025 scholarship opportunities







virtual events




past conferences




ukraine project







resources



publications




credentials & study




napt member websites




sites & orgs of interest







contact














promoting growth and healing through language, symbol, and story.become a member

what is poetry therapypoetry therapy is the use of language, symbol, and story in therapeutic, educational, growth, and community-building capacities. it relies upon the use of poems, stories, song lyrics, imagery, and metaphor to facilitate personal growth, healing, and greater self-awareness. bibliotherapy, narrative, journal writing, metaphor, storytelling, and ritual are all within the realm of poetry therapy.                                                                                 learn more
 
upcoming events



songs of resistance

2 mar 2025 3:00 pm
•
zoom session



napt 2025 annual conference

2 apr 2025 12:45 pm
•
portland or




 









the national association for poetry therapy (napt)the national association for poetry therapy (napt) is a nonprofit, interdisciplinary membership organization that supports and enhances the profession of poetry therapy. its mission is to promote growth and healing through written and spoken language, symbolic expression, and story.  our national and international members come from a wide variety of disciplines. they include but are not limited to social workers, psychologists, educators, counselors, physicians, nurses, occupational therapists, recreational therapists, librarians, chaplains, holistic healers, coaches, creative writing specialists, and performance poets.learn more

happening now    _____
our 2025 annual conference 
we are thrilled to announce that our 2025 conference "exploring the beauty of the pacific northwest: sustaining innovation, creativity, and hope in an ever-changing world" will be held wednesday, april 2, 2025 - sunday, april 6, 2025 at the embassy suites by hilton portland - downtown. registration closes midnight march 16, 2025! more information on our 2025 conference can be found here.
 









"there is a place where you will find that you are not alone, that your story is not the only story. that we are all part of the same verse, the universe of words. that poetry heals and makes us whole. come, we’ve been waiting for you."          - richard brown











membership______membership in the national association for poetry therapy is open
to anyone who shares our mission: promoting growth and healing
through language, symbol, and story.  become a member.  

membership______membership in the national association for poetry therapy is open
  to anyone who shares our mission: promoting growth and healing
  through language, symbol, and story.  become a member.  




























"napt" the national association for poetry therapyis a 501(c)3 non-profit organization 19001 s richfield ave, #20
green valley, az 85614





powered by wild apricot membership software













