


untitled





 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close





 




 
 

 


home page
about me page
my best buddies
pictures of family and friends
all avril lavigne
the story of selena
good charlotte
fun stuff
sea world
favorite links
guestbook page

 




welcome to my home page
hey everyone! well my name is sparky, and i live in canada. i am in grade 12 (so i am 17 years old) and i have no clue what i want to do after high school. i love watching movies. i dislike school, but hey, what teenager doesn't? i love dancing and acting, and i am pretty good, if i do say so myself! i love sea world in san antonio texas. i have 3 brothers, two that live with me (duck boy) and (j-man) and one that lives in another town (e.b.). i have one sister also (debbie). i live with my dad (poodle). my mother doesn't live with me.oh well, check out the site!don't forget to sign the guestbook!vote for this site! top 50 sites



my travels
well every summer my family and i travel to texas and all over the u.s.a. we have also been to mexico. some of the places i enjoyed are: galveston texas, biloxi mississippi, roswell new mexico, fargo north dakota, kissimee flordia and tucson arizonia. places i disliked were: palm springs california, destin flordia, tulsa oklahoma, wellington kansas and pierre south dakota. i love going on vacations, they are so fun, i get to meet awsome people and see way kool things! some of the kool people i met were jen, billy, jimmy, ben, joseph, kayla, heather, faye, trevor and many more!which avril lavigne song are you?
the important people in my life
not too many to mention here. my friends are a major part of my life. espically mindy, if she wasn't there for me i don't know what i would do! i love nurse besty she saved me many of times. i luv my friend cody. he makes me feel so special about myself. my grade 8 teacher mrs. murray was the best ever! my dance and drama teachers are awsome also. my texan friends and "family". but my role model is the most important person to me. rip selena i love you. and good charlotte are a major part of my life also. my daddy and brothers and sister rock also! for anyone i missed sorry, love you all!


my future plans
i plan to finish high school. then take a year off and work full time somewhere. and in that year i would like to make a whole lotta money. definetly stay in town here.. and then i got no clue, lol. i think i want to join the army. then i plan to have a big a$$ house get married and of course get a maid :) and duhhhh, live happily ever after :) 
send me e-mail
contacting me 
if you wanna contact me for any reason, to be friends or to say something awsome about my site or even something mean ( ~crys~ )then e-mail me! dockhorn_28@hotmail.com

 
forever
send an email



 




 
 


 


copyright november 2003 by sparky









