



shields gardens home page













welcome!
this is the on-line home of

shields
gardens

clivias, daylilies, and rare bulbs from westfield 















home


daylilies


rare bulbs


clivia


seeds


e-mail and chat


photo gallery


information


sources


guest sites


societies and clubs


links


people


what's new!


about us


blogs




jim's hobby garden and greenhouses
home page



we have retired from the nursery business.  we have stopped exporting from the u.s.a. and the mail order sales even within the u.s.a. have halted.  this past summer's were the last walk-in sales here at the garden.  our credit card account and toll-free number have been discontinued.  we really are hanging up the harness.  it may take some time for us to get the web site completely converted to strictly informational materials, but that is the eventual goal.











clivia


rare bulbs


daylilies


seeds










jim's garden blog

we have started an occasional blog for the garden here at home.  see it at:

jim's garden notes


we visited south africa during september, 2006.  for a web log ("blog") of our trip, see our

south africa 2006 blog


jim & irma


visit our garden and greenhouse
during the clivia bloom season in march
and during daylily season in july

the garden is located in westfield, indiana, about 25 miles north of downtown indianapolis [click
here for regional map].  to visit us, follow state road 32 east from the intersection with us 31 at westfield for 1.5 miles to grassy branch road.  there is a traffic signal at the intersection. follow grassy branch north for about 1/4 mile. the gardens are on the west side of the road, at 17808 (house number is on the mailbox at the roadside).  [click
here for local map.]


visits by appointment only:  p.o. box 92, westfield in 46074.  our peak clivia bloom season is usually in march.  our iris collection blooms mostly in may.  our peak daylily bloom season is usually late june and early and mid july.  since we are looking for extra-early and very late blooming varieties of daylilies, you can expect to see some daylilies in bloom from mid-may through mid-september.


add our address to tomtom gps devices:  












javascript is disabled - please use your browser button to go back



jim shields, webmaster  <shieldsgardens@gmail.com>

last revised on: 26 december 2011

© copyright 2011 by james e. shields.  all rights reserved.



