








lil' angels photography





































about us

our story

testimonials

privacy policy



digital downloads

gallery

franchising

contact us






























digital downloads 
once you receive your user id and password click the "digital downloads" button.


digital downloads










locations




california


 sacramento & surrounding counties  

 san diego & surrounding counties  


colorado


 aurora, denver, colorado springs & surrounding counties  


florida


 marion & surrounding  counties  

 central florida  

 jacksonville & surrounding counties  

 highlands & surrounding counties  


georgia


 atlanta & surrounding counties  


illinois


 naperville  

 chicago  

 madison, st. clair, monroe, & adams county  

 rockford & lake county  

 joliet  


kansas


 east kansas  


kentucky


 lexington & surrounding counties  


louisiana


 monroe & surrounding areas  

 new orleans & surrounding area  



mississippi


 jackson & surrounding counties  




 






missouri


 buchanan,clinton, clay, & platte counties  

 saint charles & surrounding area  

 cass, jackson, johnson, lafayette, & ray counties  


nevada


 las vegas  



north carolina


 raleigh (wake, johnston, & sampson counties)  


ohio


 cuyahoga, lorain, medina, & wayne counties 


pennslyvania


 harrisburgh & surrounding areas  

 greater pittsburgh area 


tennessee


 middle tennessee  

 east tennessee  

 shelby county (memphis), fayette, hardeman,  madison, & mcnairy counties  


texas


 austin area 

 houston & surrounding areas  


wisconsin


 madison area 

 green bay - milwaukee  





            
          
                              
                                    
       
                        





                                           lil’ angels photography always provides high quality pictures with wonderful customer service. their staff takes the time to explain each package and what the best value is. the photographers always make my children feel at ease and happy to have their picture taken. these owners treat their customers like family and that is what brings us back every time.
                                    


                                            shannon bloodworth
                                            elk grove, ca.






                                        “absolutely fabulous, without a doubt” experience with “lil angels”!! we’ve been using their services for over 10 years and are amazed each time we get the photos back. there has never been a “bad” picture! tom is absolutely the best photographer! he always takes the time and effort to capture that “perfect” pose! we never hesitate to have them come back year after year!
                                        



                                            chris padilla
                                            academy director - la petite academy






                                           i am the director of the phoenix preschools located in midtown sacramento, ca. i met tom and julie castle when my daughter was about 9 months old and she is 10 years old now. lil’ angles (tom) was her first professional photographer. tom and julie along with their crew are amazing! i’ve never seen another photography company get 95% of their clients to smile as brightly as they do when taking pictures. not only are tom and julie professional but are friendly and always a pleasure in doing business with. their pictures turn out beautiful every time and not once have i received a complaint about pricing or the children’s pictures from parents who attend my school. they are outstanding and i plan on using lil’ angles for years to come.
                                        



                                            kelli hendrix
                                            phoenix preschools






                                           lil angles photographers’ have been amazing. we use them twice a year to photograph our little preschoolers. the staff is always polite, well trained, and wonderful with the children. parents love to see the adorable smiles that come from the talented staff at lil angles. i highly recommend this company as one you can depend on to do a high quality job and preserve the precious memories of our children at this sweet age. i am so happy to have found lil angles to photograph all our preschoolers.


                                        



                                           carisse tidwell
                                            director, bradshaw christian preschool - sacramento, ca






                                           you recently did a shoot at a waterbury child care center. my son’s look and smile were fantastic last year and once again you both worked your magic! just wanted to let you know it is appreciated. thank you,


                                        



                                           justine myers
                                            waterbury, vt.




































            
            
            
                                   
            
            
        
                                                                                                    
    
        




                        © lil' angels photography.
                    
 making picture day fun for over 20 years!!
                    








































