








stickers, patches, bumper stickers, novelty gifts, and more | net sales



















wholesale log in and information



i have a yujean web account please enter your login user name and password to recall your account information and pricing while visiting our website.
please note: you will need to re-log in if you close your browser





login user name:


password:





forgot your password?




i am a yujean website newbieif you are a new online wholesale customer, and know the current password, please log in here.
						



password:






							see print catalog or register on this page for new wholesale account log in information.
					



view wholesale rules of the road | register for an online wholesale account
close




home | company stuff | gift certificates |  my account   | contact



















new introsenamel pin packsenamel pinspatchesbutton boxes-wholesale onlyclearance!!



aliensgay pride, lgbtqsasquatch, big foot#resistalicecannabisdogspeace and eco 
see all products
see all artists
see all themes








stickers and patches and pins.....oh my!!! well, we may be called yujean stickers but we are so much more than that! over the past few years, we've brought on great new products like our amazing, top quality enamel pins, and our customers are loving them! as always, it's about the art, about the quality, about the trend!! we work from our friendly offices in eugene, oregon, bring our dogs to work, love what we do.....and we hope it shows. yujean stickers is your ultimate source for enamel pins, stickers, keychains and novelties--stuff like #pink resist designs, in enamel pins, button boxes, and stickers, crazy cool aliens, day of the dead sugar skull stickers and other swag, gay/ lgbtq pride designs, and our fab new artist cali, with her nifty otters and dog breed sugar skulls. every dog lover needs these awesome dogs! (a hint: if you aren't already a dog lover, these awesome designs will make one out of you!).denim jackets are hot, enamel pins too, and so are our incredible iron on patches!! peace, hippie swag, aliens and more!! dig in. check us out. the list would have to be a mile long to link to everything we have, so trust us--we have something for you! you can see our very latest intros here! and don't miss our new clearance!! section! we are cleaning out some old favorites to make room for new product. incredible, first quality product at big markdowns! 
  have a store? need a wholesale account? set up your new web account under wholesale login above. we have rack programs and display options available. talk to us about how we can help your bottom line--and give your customers the great stuff they want. over the 35 years we have been in business, we have worked with retail shops and small chains, festival and flea market sellers, online sellers around the world, and it is the core of our business. reach out. we'd love to help!!
let us know how we're doing! email us at info@yujean.com.we'd love to hear from you!   keep dreaming, yujeaners!peace, 
the gang at yujean products














all productsartiststheme / genre

who we are...our privacy policythe fine print/wholesaleretail customers: stuff you should knowwhoa! don't go there
links
print-friendly page
yujean stickers and net sales, inc.phone: 541-484-7323fax: po box 22438 eugene, or 97402 usaemail us
log in to your accountsign up for a wholesale accountwholesale account info








© copyright yujean stickers and net sales, inc.. all rights reserved.    design by heroweb     ecommerce development powered by mightymerchant












