



free meditations - learn how to meditate for health and wellness























 




benefits of meditation
buddhist breath meditation
buddhist meditation
descartes meditation
healing meditation 2
guided meditation
guided meditation mp3
 healing meditation 1
kabbalah meditation
japa meditation
kriya yoga
mindfulness meditation
love all equally
	 	        meditation
online meditation
paramahansa yogananda
sahaja yoga meditation
raja yoga meditation
sahaj marg meditation
tm® meditationresources
vipassana meditation
zen meditation
contact us
site map

spread the light
 	    share our site!















 


 

home


free meditations
        learn how to meditate. 
        meditation techniques for positive 
      thinking, health and wellness!

free meditations offer a large collection of meditation techniques 
        to hopefully reduce stress and attain peace of mind. please explore our positive informative 
        site and in the process rediscover the wonderful and positive part of your self that dwells within. we believe free meditations offers one of the best collections of meditation techniques 
      available on the web.
the aim of free meditations is to bring inner 
        peace within our self and the world in a positive and spiritual way. the 
        world is not a peaceful place and within every soul there is some form 
        of tension and stress. it is therefore essential to create positive and 
        peaceful thoughts to bring peace to our mind. meditation is one of the 
        best methods to bring about transformation and nurture the natural qualities 
        within.
the best way that we can create that change is to change 
        our thoughts from being negative to positive. the positive discovery about 
        meditation is that we are focusing within our self and becoming free of 
        negativity. meditation techniques simply involve a process of transforming 
        yourself, your thoughts, and recognizing the negative thoughts, and changing 
        them into positive and peaceful thoughts. 
the best attitude towards meditation is to be very patient 
        as the mind does not always want to focus. having a sense of expectation 
        towards positive results can create uncomfortable pressure and thus take 
        away the enjoyment of the experience. by practicing meditation regularly, 
        the person whom meditates gains a wonderful sense of the self. 
meditation is a self healing process, any form of stress 
        is a sign of our negative thinking and dis ease within our mind. if we 
        don't attend to dis ease in the mind we may find that chronic stress can 
        lead to disease of the body. 

 please try this free online meditation. 

open my minds eye so i may see and feel your shinning 
          light presence close to me.
          give me inner strength for my stumbling feet as i battle the crowd on 
          life's busy street.
          and widen the vision of my unseeing minds eye so in passing faces i'll 
          recognize not just a stranger, unloved, and unknown, but a friend with 
          a heart and soul that is much like my own.

~author~
        ruth ann mahaffey
meditation is a form of stress management that will allow 
        our mind to experience an oasis of peace and love within our heart and 
        mind. meditation gave me back control over my life so that no matter what was happening externally whether it was positive or negative i could still develop control over my thoughts and thus control the emotions and feeling in my mind. no one can control eradicate adversity in life but you can master the way you respond in regards to your thinking processes. take control now master your mind through one of the meditation techniques and you will forever be able to be the peaceful beacon in the eye of the storm of any adversity. 
daily meditations to free the 
        mind from stress
freeing yourself from worries with waves of light meditation
the importance of meditation

website  visitor feedback


hi, i regularly through your website  and i love it. i find that your affirmations in particular seemed to  make my day brighter and i have become a happier as a person. i now wake up  every morning and think of something positive, knowing that my day was  going to be great and so was i. i just wanted to say thanks to you for having  such a great place where people can go to learn how to get into touch with  themselves.
~ kind regards julie



i love your website,  it has helped me so much.  there is one in particular that i try to  start my morning with every day.  if for some reason i am not able to and  something comes up i can just recall it.  i sit on the porch, take my three  deep breaths and i am there...  i know before i start that i will be at  peace soon. so thank you so much.
~ sarah
 


what a wonderful web site.. may loads of blessings come your way. 
				this is a great service to the world. peace, love and light 
~ jean marie, 
					rochester, new york 

 
i am so grateful for your site. what a beautiful offering.
				many blessings to you.
  				~ sue
 


i wish to thank you for your wonderful guidelines on  meditation techniques.your website is inspiring & informative. thank you.
		    ~ 
		    dr.saravanan,india 
what a wonderful site. it is so practical and inspiring, thank you. 
~gill








home | disclaimer | privacy policy
you must accept and agree to our privacy policy to use our services.
be a light to others and you wont stumble on your own path.
			  meditation is a process of careful thought consideration. 
please email your thoughts, suggestions, opinions 
      and inspirations to us via our contact us page
  


anger management shine the light
snakes and ladders
inner peace
meditation for prosperity
christian meditations
love peace meditation
benefits of meditation
meditation news
famous meditatorsmeditation retreat
meditation to relax
meditation music
meditation: positive thinking
meditation astral traveling
pink bubble meditation
heart centered meditation
meditation with hope 
inspiring stories
positive affirmation
positive thinking game
guide to meditation
perth meditation
spiritual game
meditation tools 

 
learn 3 minute meditation now! 


learn to manifest your desires now! 


 




