























poland spring® | poland spring maine spring water
















      skip to main content
    






















main navigation


our products  


spring water


sparkling water


all products




sustainability 


madebetter


madebetter pledge


community




our brand 


our springs


contact us


scam alert




shopping 


water delivery


where to buy


all shopping








  



  



  



  

















 




a message to our community

with deep compassion and a commitment to our beloved state, we are proud to share that we have donated $500,000 to the la metro chamber of commerce foundation to establish the small business relief fund in support of small businesses in the lewiston auburn region that are experiencing financial loss following the tragic events that unfolded on october 25th. in collaboration with the chamber, we stand by our community and are deeply honored to support our neighbors in recovering, reconnecting, and reviving.you can contribute to the small business relief fund.










poland spring® maine spring water
fueled by nature

 naturally occurring electrolytes for a crisp taste sourced from carefully selected springs recyclable bottles

shop spring water







scam alert
we would like to alert the public of a scam asking consumers to wrap a poland spring® advertisement around their vehicle in return for financial compensation. we do not have any promotion that involves this type of marketing activity.

learn more

















spacer





reward your resolutions!cheers to a hydrated new year!get $8when you spend $20**get $5when you spend $15**get $2when you spend $5**
**open to legal residents of the 50 u.s. (including d.c.),18 years old or older who are members of the rewards drop loyalty program.  see terms and conditions for all details.

sip & save now











spacer


 




say hello to patty spring
with a deep love of water, patty spring is here to tell the world not all water is the same. sourced from natural springs in maine since 1845, poland spring is crisp, refreshing and downright delicious, just like nature intended.











 







our springs

find out more about how our natural spring water is sourced.

see our springs











madebetter

madebetter is our pledge to a healthy planet and healthy communities.

learn more











our events

the poland spring® team is traveling around the northeast sampling at different events. see past events here!

discover events




















subscribe to save!

save up to $50, plus free delivery on your first order with poland spring direct delivery powered by readyrefresh®.*

 get delivery 


 *see terms and conditions 









buy online now!

find poland spring® maine spring water at your favorite online retailers or local stores.

 where to buy 












inbox subscription


  
  
  sign up for exclusive content, promotions, offers, coupons and more from poland spring® brand.

  
  
  

first name



last name



email address



zip code



i have read and agree to the privacy policy.


i have read and agree to the terms of use

join now


leave this field blank







useful info


sell poland spring® brand water opens in a new tab


water quality report (en) opens in a new tab


water quality report (es) opens in a new tab


jobs at poland spring opens in a new tab


about bluetriton brands opens in a new tab


contact us




legal info


safety & handling


privacy policy - updated opens in a new tab


terms of use opens in a new tab


sitemap


my data requests opens in a new tab


your privacy choices




find us on social
connect with us for exclusive content, promotions, offers, coupons and more from poland spring® brand.


  



  



  



  







©2025 bluetriton brands, inc.














