








shari elliker : voice talent































(202) 288-3664

close

navigation

home
about
video
clients












 
 

menu


 











sharielliker
voice talent

click to listen

                        commercial
                    

                        narration
                    


						political
					

						promos/imaging
                    




scroll down



 


facebook


linkedin


e-mail



 




a little about me
shari elliker

 



                you have probably heard shari's unique vocal talent featured on radio and television over her 25 year career as a media personality and voice over artist. her radio talk show,  "the shari elliker show", on wbal in baltimore earned her the associated press award: "best talk show - chesapeake region" two years in a row. she is also the recipient of  two air awards (achievement in radio) for her work as a recognized personality on top stations such as wjfk, dc-101, whfs in washington, d.c, and sirius/xm.
she has been the voice of dozens of characters on popular video games such as: the elder scrolls iii, star trek: legacy, and fallout 3. in addition, she has voiced thousands of commercials and narrations for both national and local clients. shari's on camera roles include multiple television and movie roles, independent projects, and a recurring role on hbo's veep, as anchor woman andrea tandy, in seasons three and four. shari also freelances as a communications consultant for non-profits, politicians, public speakers and has produced several psa, comedy and special interest projects.  she currently lives with her husband treavor and their dogs, bella and stella. all three have been trained not to bark during her recording sessions.
                

 

 




my clients
shari has been honored to
                partner up with these clients

 













 
 
 




“professional, dependable and accommodating aren't words that just describe my mechanic. i have known and worked with shari elliker for two decades and have never been disappointed with her product. she brings much more than her refreshing voice to any job, and always exceeds my client's expectations, whether it is a radio spot, a narration track, a documentary or a last minute pick up.  her in-house set up allows her to be available, budget-minded and deadline savvy when needed. she is always my first call.”


neil beller 
president, kit and kaboodle productions



“when our client requested an american female voice, we immediately thought of shari. thankfully she was available!

                        shari turned the work around incredibly quickly and was so easy to work with. she nailed it on the first take and our client was incredibly pleased. we delivered for our client and shari made us look awesome. her personality, empathy and professionalism make all the difference!”


elizabeth dunne 
managing partner, two desks, uk



“i hired shari as a coach for my daughter to help with her college application process. she was applying to a theater arts programs  and shari assisted her with public speaking, auditioning and writing.  her support and expertise were invaluable. she gave my daughter confidence and improved her skills. she was accepted (with a scholarship) to an excellent theater program in los angeles. i would highly recommend her to anyone who is pursuing a career in voice over or needs help with auditions or public speaking.”

melissa kreisa  



 
 
 




on video

 





professional and amateur sports protection act 



real estate- liberty central 



us postal service



ga state university 



collins funeral home 



american college of cardiology 

 

 





from commercials and narration to political spots and promos/imaging work, shari can do it all! call now and book shari's unique voice for your next project.
call (202) 288-3664
sharielliker@gmail.com






 



â© copyright shari elliker 2018





 
 











   










 





 
















