









schools for sale -preschools, daycare, childcare, private and online | schools for sale inc.

































 

















 

call us today!
407-865-4385




menu
home
news
about

buyers
sellers
virtual schools
our team


schools on the market

us schools
florida schools
franchise schools and operations


downloads
contact
 












schools for sale, inc
we can help you find an early education facility in any state. 


view current listings








over 1,000 schools for sale
we have schools for sale in all fifty states! we are one of the only brokerage companies that sell schools.


read more








schools for sale, inc
we are very proud of the expertise and consulting work we have provided in early education, guiding over 350 preschool sales in the past 20 years


view current listings








our services
we offer services to help you with the purchase of your own school. in the united states we are one of the only brokerage companies that has schools for sale in all states.


read more









 
schools for sale, inc. is a business brokerage company that does one thing, "sells schools".

 

looking to sell, invest or add to your current operation? we provide a full range of services to the school industry.

read more

 
 buyer information we offer services to help you with the purchase of your school in your area. we are one of the largest brokerage companies with schools for sale.

read more



 seller information at schools for sale, inc. we work for you. we work with buyers from across the country with a long list of buyers looking to purchase.

read more



 news schools for sale just closed another school in tampa, florida.  the school is licensed for just over 200 students.  the school sold for $4,100,000 and included property.  schools for sale help the buyer get it financed from a major bank

read more











our services we offer services to help you with the purchase of your own school. in the united states we are one of the largest brokerage companies that has schools for sale in all states. if you want a business investment and need a broker that can help you down the road to making the right purchase then call us today. we can help you buy or sell that school. we can also help you with sba financing of your purchase.

 


latest news


private k-12 school – accredited
march 4, 2023


school sold in tampa area!
august 1, 2022


 

quick linksabout us
schools on the market
contact us
follow us 


follow @schools_forsale



 

contact information 
14 montilla place, palm coast, fl 32137
dennis mope - president & broker: (407) 865-4385
email: schoolsforsale@aol.com

 






copyright © 2025 schools for sale inc. 
















