














fast internet, no contracts, predicable billing, low monthly rates - internet lightspeed



















































home
personal

fibre internet
cable internet
vdsl internet
home phone


business

internet plans

fibre internet plans
cable internet plans
vdsl service plans
bonding vdsl plans


domain registration
web hosting
server co-location
business phone
why choose us


contact us
webmail
support
 

home
personal

fibre internet
cable internet
vdsl internet
home phone


business

internet plans
domain registration
web hosting
server co-location
business phone
why choose us


contact us
webmail
support
 

order  now



✕

















internet lightspeed: revolutionizing the digital internet experience since 1994
discover why we’re western canada’s leading internet service provider (isp) offering lightning-fast internet solutions that transcend the ordinary. experience unparalleled speed, reliability, and customer satisfaction since 1994.
in a market dominated by industry giants, internet lightspeed stands tall as the compelling alternative. with cutting-edge infrastructure, we propel your online activities at lightspeed, surpassing competitors like teksavvy, carytel, and even shaw, rogers and telus.
why choose internet lightspeed?

unmatched speed
reliable connections
western canada’s choice
customer-centric approach

stream, game, work, or browse with ease. join the growing community relying on internet lightspeed for seamless digital living. choose us for a future-proof internet experience. accelerate your digital journey with internet lightspeed!


 








enjoy  
							the freedom of 
							quality internet 
							see our plans and pricing 
							 




get the details here 
							 



get your internet at the speed of light 
							see fibre plans and pricing 
							 



no bundles. no contracts. just fast internet. 
							see our cable plans and pricing 
							 



see  our business  plans  and  pricing 
							mind your business
with internet lightspeed 
							 









fast internet the way you want.
 
unlimited data packages are available for cable or adsl service to your home or business. get the 24/7 access you need.





flat rates will save you money.
 
we save you money with “great rates” and no big price increases. just ask our sales team for complete details.





lightspeed won’t tie you down
 
we provide award winning service & technical support. service this good you will never go elsewhere to get your internet.





where do we have internet service? click here





we have over 1000, 5 star google reviews, here are a few




 



was with lightspeed for 2 years before moving provinces. support competition in telecoms and consider them or another reseller. they are far cheaper than the main telcos for the same... read more product and i always had great support when needed. bringing your own modem is a nice feature too to ensure you aren't getting a dud. no hidden fees or price increases at all. would happily go back to lightspeed if they serve my area 
 julian g 




great internet service at a great price, and local customer support which provides excellent service.				
 aefa efafe 




i've been with lightspeed for a few years and i really have nothing to complain about, unlike the larger companies. i've always received exactly what i'm paying for (speeds/unlimited data)... read more and have never recieved any increase in billing. their office is efficient and easy to deal with whenever i've needed to make changes too. i would never go back to the big companies again. highly recommend lightspeed! 
 michael korsh 




i have been very happy with the quality of service that lightspeed provides. customer service has been awesome also				
 lorna armitage 


 



i have been with them for 6 years and only had two or three times with the internet down. amazing service every time i called them to have the problem... read more fixed. got a tech on the phone after barely two minutes of waiting time. i would recommend them to anyone. 
 shuswap 




internet lightspeed is the one and only the best product and service i would ever use.  i highly recommend this company for all your internet service needs in your... read more home.  it is bare-none to any other service i have ever used and i will never go back to the other companies i have used in the past.  i know exactly what monetary needs are to keep my account current and their honesty is completely trustworthy. 
 jodie mills 




good isp, impeccable customer service. very well versed billing department and a internet signal that doesn't stop				
 mikhail lenzen 




i've been with internet lightspeed for a year and a half and couldn't be happier. i've never had a problem with the service and when i've had questions, they get... read more back to me within 24 hours. their agents and technicians are based in burnaby so you are not talking with someone in another part of the world. 100% better than dealing with the big communication companies who's customer service is non-existent, plus i'm paying a third what they charge. kudos! 
 sherri 


 



very good customer service.				
 lance love 




great service, great price.				
 sebastien s 




we have used lightspeed for 8 years. we use the slightly more than basic package and run our voip phone and multiple devices at a time (at least 6) with... read more no issues. if/when we have a service issue, the wait times are minimal (seconds to a few minutes) and the tech people are very helpful. they even helped me set up my router, which they did not provide. thanks guys! 
 notmir hill 




fairly priced!				
 surya butterworth 


 



this is a locally based business in vancouver. they offer competitive rates with the big guys and local contact for ease of communication.				
 terry newall 




easy to deal with, efficient service, unbeatable prices!				
 lisa kung 




if you are tired of waiting for hours when contacting your internet service provider when your service is down why not try internet lightspeed. this company is located in burnaby... read more and the technical support team knows what they are doing and gets things working quickly. it is rare that i have ever had a problem with my internet, it is extremely reliable. great company! 
 les frost 




great internet price and a very responsive customer service and billing dept. i'd definately give them a try. they take a little bit to get set up at first. but... read more i didn't have one issue in the 2.5 years i was with them. 
 patrick lachance 


 



as a technically deprived senior citizen, when something goes wrong with my wifi or phone, i tend to panic.  whenever i phone their tech support, i get my problems... read more resolved by a friendly, efficient and, most important, patient staff.  and their rates are way better than the mega providers. 
 neil mcculloch 




we use lightpeed internet at two properties and they are excellent both in service and support. we are getting twice the speed for half the price as the major internet... read more provider we were with previously. not to mention unlimited bandwidth! i have been a customer for over 3 years now. 
 david 




excellent, consistent service from all departments & at a reasonable price point.				
 viva 4 viv 




customer support has always been great every time i called them.				
 ross macgregor 


 



i have used lightspeed for both landline and internet for many years maybe over 20 years. i first used them when only dialup was available for internet. i tried both... read more telus and cable but went back to lightspeed because of so much less than other options and great service. i recommend them to everyone. their price and service cannot be beat.! 
 ken burgar 




great service and one of the best rates in bc for wifi.				
 tazmin shariff 




this company processed my new service without delay .i had a small billing issue which was resolved upon calling their accounts department.  self installation worked correctly				
 terry moorby 




i have been with this company for many years (not sure exactly how long but i do believe it to be at least 5 years).  the service they provided... read more has always been very reliable. not only they have never raise my cost, they reduced it by a good $10 per month when they came out with new promotion for better deal for new sign up.  they have always provided me with courteous, speedy (instant) and satisfactory service whenever i had the need to contact them. 
 stan lo 


 



lightspeed has excellent staff from sales, to customer service to tech support. the follow up service is so strong. they listen to you, they do their work perfectly and contact... read more you once and twice. they look for the details and they want to be sure you as a customer is totally satisfied. their satisfaction to clients is practical. thanks sal from tech support for the extra miles you did and your patience to fix the issue i was facing. 
 raymond hindeleh 




staff works efficiently and awesome 👍				
 thess jolicoeur 




great service so far (switched a few months ago from shaw). can't notice the difference in speed and the customer service is better and more responsive. highly recommend you save... read more some money on internet with these folks. switching didn't require a on-site visit for my location, just plug in the modem they sent on the switch over-day and basically zero downtime. 
 j l 




great price on great internet.				
 john hoye 


 



i cant believe that it was so easy to start a new internet services by phone. thank you for all your help.				
 marcia marcinha 




helpful customer service.transferring address was easy.they explained it clearly.there was no downtime during the transfer of address as internet access is essential for my work.				
 seb h usi 




great service, easy set up and service and billing inquiries always handled professionally.				
 dann soloman 




dependable, affordable unlimited internet without the needless, seldom-used bells and whistles of the big name providers. been with them for four years. one major interruption when a cross-country fibre optic... read more cable was taken out by a landslide. the odd temporary interruption when shaw (the provider they resell) suffered a local outage (would have happened anyway if we were still with shaw). i've never once considered switching. excellent price, same basic product without the big-boy usage cap to try to force you into purchasing an even higher-priced package. 
 bradley b 


 



i've been using internet lightspeed for many years now. i have had very few issues, and they are generally solved very efficiently. technical support has always been helpful and friendly.... read more and the price is really good! 
 jameselise ens 




my daughter and her mom had switched to lightspeed.ca and suggested that i do the same when my shaw contract expired which it did.  i tried to get shaw... read more to renew my contract for another two years at the same price which was higher than lightspeed but i figured it would be less hassle to just continue with them.  they refused so i gave them my one month notice that i would not renew my contract.  i contacted lightspeed and took their plan but made sure there was overlap in case of issues. i only had one issue. the first modem that lightspeed sent me turned out to be defective.  they sent me a second one pronto. it was here fast is 3 working days.  i still had my shaw to use in the meantime.  lightspeed got shaw to provision my new modem on the day i received it and i was up and running with about 10% faster speed than i am supposed to get.  no complaints about this! their technical department was very helpful.  although i'm a new customer, my daughter and her mother have been with lightspeed for over nine months with no issues of any kind including outages.  they swear by lightspeed and all of the money they have saved so far.  i look forward to a long relationship with lightspeed. 
 rolland coderre 




it was a fine and supportive experience				
 serguei ivanov 




love this service. fast enough for all i do at once and very reliable.  highly recommended.  always ask if there is a flash sale on to save even... read more more 🙂 
 k kelly 


 



way more affordable than the other options out there.  no issues really, sometime connection is weak on my phone but that was the case with shaw previously.  decent... read more tech support and the sales people are nice.  moved my service recently, pretty seamless process.  i would recommend in an urban area like vancouver, not sure how it would perform in rural areas. 
 xavier sandoval 




lightspeed internet is high quality in calgary, ab. best price for the low-to-mid tiers they offer, and it's good to support non-monopolistic businesses as much as possible. their tech support... read more is knowledgeable and helpful; as an advanced computer user, it's always a pleasure to phone them (which is very rare). would recommend! 
 parker link 




great customer service and reliable tech support. great for people with standard needs for an internet connection such as home office, streaming, and regular downloads. great value overall.				
 alvaro flores 




very happy to have switched from shaw years ago. we use the cable connection to lightspeed.  the price, speed, and quality is very good. we just moved houses and... read more the switchover was painless. we disconnected the router as the last thing before we left the old address. lightspeed arranged for shaw to come and ensure we had service at the new address on the next day when  we moved in. they arrived at 8:15 and we had internet through lightspeed at 8:30am.  it was very smooth. 
 david carlson 









providing the best internet prices & service since 1994!






have some questions for us?
























company details
about us
approved cable modems
our service area
referral program
policy & notices
complaints
contact us

vilo wifi mesh





contact information
internet lightspeed
276 – 5489 byrne road burnaby bc v5j 3j1billing :   billing@lightspeed.ca
sales:   newsales@lightspeed.ca
technical support:   techsupport@lightspeed.cavancouver: (604) 482-1190
calgary:  (403) 537-6254
saskatoon:   (306) 808-4800
winnipeg:  (204) 815-5662
toll free:  (866) 798-0906
fax :  (604) 482-1191

 

business hours
technical support's hours
monday to friday: 7:00 am – 10:00 pm pt
saturday, sunday & holiday: 8:00 am – 10:00 pm ptsales team's hours
monday to friday: 8:00 am – 9:00 pm pt
saturday, sunday & holiday: 9:00 am – 6:00 pm ptaccounting department's hours
monday to friday: 8:30 am – 6:00 pm ptadministration's hours
monday to friday: 8:30 am – 4:30 pm pt






                © copyright 1994-2025, internet lightspeed              











 




























