






columbus best rentals | central ohio property management


















































home
about us
homes for rent
tenant application
tenants

pay your rent
maintenance request
tenant form uploader


contact
 


select page


  
 
 










columbus best rentals







 


 



please review the following and let me know if/when you 
are ready to proceed
 



there is no fee or charge to view a property on the inside. however, before you call to schedule a viewing, you do need to be prepared with a deposit to hold the property (the equivalent of one months rent). we will not let you into the property without you showing us the money order. should you wish to proceed after looking in, we will take the money order at this time. if you are not interested in renting, you simply keep the money order. 
please view all posted pictures. also please visit the property live from the outside on your own before calling to schedule a viewing. then let us know if/when you are at the point of proceeding with a money order ! only at that time will we be able to set up a time to show you inside the property.

 


no third party payments!!!




 





our rental requirements do not
 work for sec. 8.
we have had these same
 requirements for the past 40
 years.
 
you will not
 be able to rent
 with sec 8.
 




 


 section 8 renters can not meet the same requirements as all other renters. i.e. prepaid rent, poor credit, rental history, income, criminal record, etc. will prevent you from being able to rent. sec 8 money is considered as income towards what is required — however, it is not all that is required — and sec 8 will not permit / or agree to some of those requirements– which will prevent you from renting with sec 8.    
 
therefore, you would not be able to rent with sec 8
 
 
for non sec 8 renters :    the application covers credit, rental history at a comparable rent rate, crime (drugs, etc) and any unusual circumstances.

the minimum requirement to rent:
if your credit score is above 675, you may be able to rent with just a one month  security deposit and first months rent!!!   if you have a credit score below 675 or rental history issues, etc., you will need a minimum of a one months security deposit, along with first and last months rent.
if you have a significant problem with income, credit, rental history or anything else—you may need an additional security deposit.
 
these requirements do not vary — even if you have a really good excuse/explanation.

 
 

the outsides  must be viewed  live  first before an appointment can be made to go inside. only then can we schedule a viewing.
 
a property has the following requirements before you will be shown inside the house:
 
1.) you must have already viewed the property live from the outside on your own.
 
2.) be prepared to proceed with a money order equivalent to a one month security deposit in the amount of one months rent.  the deposit will hold/secure the property at the time of showing if you want to proceed. move-in needs to be within approx. 2 weeks (unless property will not be available until a longer time) of making the deposit to the company.

 
3.) actual move-in date is required – we require an exact move in date when you call to schedule a viewing appointment.

 
note!!!
 
if you have a significant problem with income, credit, rental history or anything else—you may still be able to rent with an additional security deposit.
 
income of single applicants and/or married couples is a minimum which is 3x the rent. married couples may combined incomes but not any unmarried individuals. 
 
 
pets may require an additional monthly pet rent and/or pet deposit depending on property and/or pet
 
let us know if/when you are at the point of proceeding!

thanks for this opportunity and we look forward to hearing from you if you wish to proceed and/or calling to answer questions.
 
we are happy to help in any way we can.
614-231-7750


















phone number:
614.231.7750
 
mail correspondence to:
best rentalsp.o.box 9788columbus, oh 43209
 
email:
 columbusbestrent@aol.com









 









© copyright | designed by list it design co. 






















