










department of emergency and disaster health systems – umbc


































skip to main content









  










department of emergency and disaster health systems



            menu
          







 



 




 



 



 



        





search




 


search context


this site



              all of umbc
            












college of arts, humanities, and social sciences


department of emergency and disaster health systems 








home

mission, vision, and values
advising: emergency and disaster health systems advisors
general edhs department faqs
our alumni


undergraduate studies

paramedic concentration

paramedic advising
paramedic program technical job description
paramedic coursework
admission requirements
program costs
program application
beyond paramedic
faqs paramedic concentration
paramedic program faculty page


emergency and disaster health management track

emergency and disaster health management – 4 year plan
career and academic path: edhm


emergency health leadership track

paramedic training transfer credits
emergency health leadership – 4 year plan
career and academic path: ehl


emergency and disaster management minor
emergency health systems minor
undergraduate admissions


graduate programs

admissions requirements & deadlines
funding your education
emergency management graduate certificate

faqs – emergency management certificate


healthcare emergency management graduate certificate
master’s program

track i: administration, policy, and planning
track ii: preventative medicine and epidemiology
apply – master’s program


edhs specialization in public policy ph.d.

emergency health
emergency management
apply – ph.d. program


edhs graduate courses
graduate school website
faqs – graduate program (all tracks)


continuing education (pace)
faculty and staff
faqs
research
financial aid
emergency health services society student association
giving to edhs




 



 




 



 



 



        





























































dr. ming xie in the conversation


											if fema didn’t exist, could states handle the disaster response alone?										





caribbean nations much more vulnerable to hurricanes


											colonialism’s legacy has made caribbean nations vulnerable to hurricanes, dr. farah nibbs										





dr. matthew levy named 2024 umbc alumni awards recipient


											dr. levy '00, m.s. ‘08, ehs was initially drawn to umbc because…										





celebrating dr. jeffrey mitchell


											dr.mitchell was surrounded by well-wishers at his umbc retirement celebration.										





learn heartsaver first aid/cpr/aed – save a life!


											interested in a first aid/cpr/aed class? click here for more information.										





$520k nsf career grant: tackling food insecurity in disasters


											emergency and disaster health systems chair, lauren clay, developing a sociocultural model…										





nsf awards umbc’s lauren clay $624k convergence accelerator grant to address food…


											umbc’s lauren clay, is one 16 convergence accelerator awardees selected for phase…										




nhtsa names new office of ems director


										the national highway traffic safety administration advanced gamunu wijetunge january, 29, 2022.									







slide 0 





slide 1 





slide 2 





slide 3 





slide 4 





slide 5 





slide 6 





slide 7 














location

        900 walker ave.        main office: room 113    
contact

phone: 410-455-3223fax: 410-455-3045contact us
department of emergency and disaster health systems on facebookdepartment of emergency and disaster health systems on instagram 








home






research excellence in clinical simulation, mobile integrated healthcare, and disaster health





formerly known as: emergency health services
900 walker ave., room 113, catonsville, md 21228
due to the renovations of sherman hall, the department has temporarily moved to 900 walker ave.
(the old court house building located near the walker apartments)
the academic department of emergency and disaster health systems:
edhs offers a unique opportunity for the education of future emergency medical services, emergency public health, and emergency management professionals.
this is accomplished by providing broad liberal arts and sciences education which enhances the graduate employment opportunities as pre-hospital providers, policymakers, and managers. the department of emergency and disaster health systems also provides a cutting-edge education for advancement to graduate, medical, and professional studies.
the graduate program:
the graduate program is primarily focused on preparing professionals for leadership roles in disaster health, emergency public health, and policy development. the two-track curriculum is designed to provide graduate-level training and education to health care providers, researchers, educators, policymakers, and administrators. an education concentration can be combined with either track. a post-baccalaureate certificate in emergency management is also offered.
ph.d. program:
in collaboration with the school of public policy, we now offer specialized concentrations in emergency health or emergency management within the public policy ph.d. program.
new temporary location:
the main office is now located in walker room 113
the main classroom is room 114
the teaching lab is room 101
when you come in the front doors, turn right and follow the edhs signs to get to our department.
any questions or concerns, please contact renee decker at 410-455-3223 or via email









location

        900 walker ave.        main office: room 113    
contact

phone: 410-455-3223fax: 410-455-3045contact us
department of emergency and disaster health systems on facebookdepartment of emergency and disaster health systems on instagram 







umbc 

			  university of maryland, baltimore county
			  1000 hilltop circle, baltimore, md 21250
			

directions & parking information




 



 




 



 



 



        




resources

alumni
career center
events
get help
news

visit campus

work at umbc



important contacts


online directory
				


contact umbc 


request support
				


emergency info


umbc police:

				410-455-5555


sign up for text alerts




contact us



request info


apply





				top stories of the week
			  




enter email to subscribe



go











			© umbc: a university system of maryland member institution
		  



accreditation


equal opportunity


privacy


title ix


web accessibility






subscribe to umbc weekly top stories




first name



last name



email







i am interested in:


i am interested in: undergraduate


i am interested in: graduate


i am interested in: professional masters










