









use phone link to sync your android or iphone to your windows computer | microsoft































 








skip to main content







microsoft



windows




windows




                            windows
                        




 home 



about windows


meet windows 11


compare windows 10 & 11


windows 11 security


ai features in windows


photo & film editing


draw & create with paint


digital pen, voice & touch


apps


pc gaming


sync smartphones to computer


windows accessibility features



 

get windows


how to get windows 11


windows 11 specs & requirements


windows backup


faq


help me choose a pc


buy windows 11 home


buy windows 11 pro



 

shop pcs


help me choose a pc


pc buying guide


shop all pcs


shop laptops


shop copilot+ pcs


shop 2-in-1s


shop gaming pcs


shop desktop computers


laptops for university students



 

get help


windows help & support


tips


end of support for previous versions



 
for business



more







 



 all microsoft


global


microsoft 365


teams


copilot


windows


surface


xbox


deals


small business


support




software
software


windows apps


ai


onedrive


outlook


skype


onenote


microsoft teams




pcs & devices  
pcs & devices  


computers


shop xbox


accessories


vr & mixed reality




entertainment
entertainment


xbox game pass ultimate


xbox games


pc games


windows digital games


movies & tv




business
business


microsoft cloud


microsoft security


azure


dynamics 365


microsoft 365 for business


microsoft industry


microsoft power platform


windows 365




developer & it  
developer & it  


microsoft developer


documentation


microsoft learn


microsoft tech community


azure marketplace


appsource


visual studio




other
other


microsoft rewards 


free downloads & security


education


virtual workshops and training


gift cards


licensing


microsoft experience centre




view sitemap










search
search microsoft.com




 no results




cancel



sign in























windows



get windows 11


















easier to sync your pc and phone
use phone link to connect your windows pc to your android™ or iphone®.





use the arrow keys to navigate through the pivots and tab to focus on focusable content inside a pivot section

 

for android users

for ios users







get started now
follow the steps below to sync your android™ smartphone and windows pc.














 1. launch phone link or search for "phone link" on your windows 11 pc taskbar.












 2. select ‘android’ and scan the qr code to complete set-up.












 3. customise notification preferences.










less back and forth with your smartphone and pc
make and take calls. reply to texts. check and dismiss notifications. do it all from your windows pc without even taking your phone out of your pocket.4 5















keep up with your chatsnow there’s no need to unlock your phone. microsoft phone link enables you to read texts and respond directly from your pc. launch phone link















take and make the callreview your call history, search contacts, or dial to make calls—from your windows computer. launch phone link















stay on top of your notificationscheck, pin and dismiss notifications. microsoft phone link lets you customise banner alerts to your preferences. launch phone link















share your android’s photosview the last 2,000 images from your camera roll, and drag and drop or copy and paste them into other apps. launch phone link


 


ready to start syncing your smartphone and a windows pc?
shop for a new windows 11 pc or we can help you find one.




















shop windows 11 pcs



















help me choose







 


samsung galaxy: power your productivity with a new device
samsung offers a window into your galaxy with their galaxy books—they’re ultra-light, ultra-mighty and always connected. they’re also phone link compatible so you can easily switch between using your smartphone or your windows pc.


learn more
















galaxy book3 ultra

                                                 this galaxy book3 ultra easily goes wherever you go. this portable and thin profile unfolds to reveal a wide workspace, complete with a narrow bezel to maximise the screen-to-body ratio.1













galaxy book3 pro 360

                                                 galaxy book3 pro 360 5g features built-in, industry-leading 5g wireless technology so you can stay connected anywhere, even off the grid without wi-fi.2













galaxy book3 pro

                                                 introducing galaxy book3 pro. the thinnest and lightest laptop in the galaxy book range with smartphone-like mobility.3




















discover the all-new samsung galaxy seriesultra slim and premium look designed to give you the freedom to move with its leading chipset performance, expandable storage and enhanced continuity.


learn more




 


frequently asked questions






expand all
 | 
collapse all


how do i get microsoft phone link?

microsoft phone link replaces the your phone companion app and allows you to filter your notifications, receive calls, and use your mobile apps on your pc.4 5 6 7 with an updated design for windows 11, phone link is reaching customers around the world.the phone link experience will come preinstalled on your pc with windows 10 or windows 11, simply search “phone link” in start menu. if you are on windows 10 and cannot find phone link, you may need to update to a later version of windows 10 or download phone link directly from the microsoft store.from your pc, you can connect to android and selected samsung and honor devices with these two apps:link to windows (ltw) app for most android devices.link to windows (ltw) app preinstalled on selected samsung and honor phones.you’ll see the name link to windows in the google play store and in the galaxy store. in the microsoft store, you’ll see phone link. this link between your device and pc gives you instant access to everything you love. read and reply to messages with ease, view recent photos from your android device, use your favourite mobile apps6, make and receive calls, and manage your android device’s notifications right on your pc.4 5phone link requires the following to work:a pc running windows 10 may 2019 update or later.if you're currently running the may 2019 update, you will need to install the phone link app from the microsoft store. any windows version after the may 2019 update will have the app preinstalled.an android device running android 7.0 (nougat) or above.you'll find phone link preinstalled if you have the windows 10 october 2019 update or later. when you open the app, you'll be guided through a few extra steps you'll need to take to finish setting things up.



how does phone link pair with my phone and how do i set up phone link?

phone link connects to your android phone via wi-fi, mobile data network or instant hotspot8 9. for easy connection over wi-fi, make sure to have both your pc and android device nearby, turned on and connected to the same network. you’ll be able to access its functionalities from your pc as long as both devices are online. you’ll need to download the link to windows app for most android devices. you can find this at the google play store.if you have selected samsung or honor phones, you may already have the link to windows app preinstalled. if not, you can find the app from the google play store or galaxy store.if you start from your windows pc:in the search box on the taskbar, type phone link, and then select phone link app from the results.select android.you’ll be asked to sign in to your microsoft account (you'll need to be signed in to the same microsoft account on both your android device and pc in order to link your devices.)once you're signed in, you'll be prompted to install or open the companion app on your android device. to do this, open a web browser on your android device and then enter the link that's displayed on your pc (aka.ms/yourpc).sign in to the companion app with the same microsoft account that you're signed in to on your pc. the app will then open to a screen that displays a qr code for you to scan—we'll come back to that.once you've signed in, go back to your pc and select the i have the link to windows app installed on my phone check box. then select the pair with qr code button.note: if you'd like to pair your device without using a qr code, select the pair manually button on your pc instead. on your android device, you'll be prompted to enter the code displayed on your pc.a qr code will appear on your pc screen. on your android device, the companion app should be open to a screen with a camera on it. use this screen to scan the qr code that's displayed on your pc.once your devices are linked, your android device will prompt you for several device permissions. these permissions help you access content from your phone on your pc.if you start from your android device:open a browser on your android device, type aka.ms/yourpc in the browser, and then download the link to windows app. for selected samsung devices.you'll be prompted to open link to windows instead, which is preinstalled on your android device.sign in to the companion app with the same microsoft account you're signed in to on your pc (you need to be signed in with your microsoft account on your pc in order to link your devices even though you're starting from your phone).after signing in, you'll be prompted to scan a qr code that's displayed on your pc. to get to it, on your pc, open a browser to aka.ms/linkphone.use the companion app's camera to scan the qr code that's displayed on your pc with your android device to link your devices.you'll be asked for a series of device permissions to allow you to access content from your phone and on your pc.if you encounter issues installing the app, troubleshoot them here.



what can my android or iphone sync and control from my windows pc? 

you can use phone link to complete convenient smartphone tasks from your windows pc, such as:make and take phone calls on cellular networks (this will require your phone to be paired to your pc).4 5 8 9view your photo gallery (up to your most recent 2,000 pictures and screenshots from your camera roll and screenshots folder).4 5write and reply to sms text messages, send photos, emojis, gifs and media content.4 5message history and group chats.4 5your phone’s contact list when you search for names or phone numbers.4 5view, dismiss, pin or clear all notifications. (you can also manage which apps have notification privileges).4 5put your phone into “do not disturb” mode.4 5mute your phone if sound is playing from it.4 5play, pause and skip songs that are “now playing” (like if you have spotify or another music player open on your phone).4 5see battery percentage, if bluetooth is on, current wi-fi network connectivity, current mobile data network and strength.4 5 8 9



can’t i just use my smartphone? why do i need the phone link app on my windows pc to control my phone when it’s usually with me anyway?

sometimes your phone needs to charge more before you go out. phone link enables you to still use it with your pc while it’s plugged in and by the outlet. or perhaps you’re in a meeting and having your phone out will look unprofessional. phone link will give you a heads up of any important calls you need to take or texts you need to see.phone link gives you the added versatility of being able to access and transfer information from an extra device. instead of looking away from your screen and pulling out your phone to see notifications, it’s a notification on your pc, increasing the chances your attention stays focused on what you need to do.



does my smartphone need to be paired to my pc via bluetooth for phone link to work?

bluetooth pairing is required if you want to make or take calls on your pc. if you are unable to pair, follow these troubleshooting tips here: troubleshooting calls in the phone link app - microsoft support.



what can i do now that i can access my phone’s images from my pc?

in addition to browsing, you can also drag and drop them from phone link into open message windows or powerpoint presentations. you can save them to any folder on your pc or your onedrive for backing up. you can share the files to your contacts and you can delete them.4 5



what if i don’t want my smartphone paired to phone link anymore?

simply go to settings > my devices in phone link on your pc and remove your linked device from the list. you can relink at any time. when pairing is removed, your personal content does not remain anywhere on your pc.



how can i customise phone link to my preferences?

go to settings > features in phone link on your pc. it’s there you can customise options like which apps can send notifications to you. removing permissions for a feature will also disable the feature.



phone link isn’t working. where can i find help?

start with the troubleshooting page. you can find it here: troubleshooting the phone link app – microsoft support.



what versions of windows/android must i have to use phone link?

if you have windows 11, phone link will come preinstalled.if you have windows 10, it must run windows 10, may 2019 update at the least.your phone must be running android 8.0 (oreo) or later. to guarantee optimal compatibility and performance, we strongly recommend using android 10 (q) or newer.










need additional assistance?
learn tips, tricks and tools to use phone link successfully.


compare all editions



















phone link help & learning
troubleshoot issues, receive tech support, and learn how to get the most out of device syncing.


learn more









meet windows 11
faster, more powerful and more intuitive. that’s windows 11. discover how you can unlock greater productivity and creativity with windows 11. devices with windows 11 also have the phone link app preinstalled.


learn more









tips & tricks
android users with windows 10 and 11 can use phone link. customise individual app settings to get the most out of your devices.


learn more















1

                        colour availability may vary depending on country.
                    


2

                        requires optimal 5g connection. 5g services are only supported in 5g network enabled locations. actual speed may vary depending on country, carrier and user environment.
                    


3

                        us military standard compliant (mil-std-810g).
                    


4

                        to experience the full functionality, mobile phones must be running android 7.0 or later.
                    


5

                        microsoft phone link and pc both need a wi-fi connection, or you can give permission for the app to use your mobile data.
                    


6

                        apps is available on android devices in selected markets running android 9.0 or greater that have link to windows installed and for surface duo 2 running android 11.0 or greater.
                    


7

                        recent apps is available on selected android devices running android 9.0 or greater with oneui 3.1.1. or higher.
                    


8

                        requires samsung device with one ui 4.1.1+ and sim card with hotspot capable plan. pc must have both wi-fi and bluetooth adapters.
                    


9

                        requires windows11, version 22h2 build 22621 and higher, phone link desktop app in version v1.22082.111.0 or greater, and link to windows phone app (preinstalled on samsung devices) in version v1.22082.142.0 or greater.
                    



 













microsoft phone link for iphone® devices just because you have an iphone doesn’t mean it can’t work with your windows pc. sync your iphone with microsoft phone link. 














less back and forth between your iphone and windows pc
make and take calls. reply to texts.1 check and dismiss notifications. do it all from your pc without even taking your phone out of your pocket.2















keep up with your chatsnow there’s no need to unlock your smartphone. microsoft phone link enables you to read texts1 and respond directly from your windows pc. launch phone link















take and make the callreview your call history, search contacts, or dial to make calls—it’s all hands-free. launch phone link















stay on top of your notificationscheck, pin and dismiss notifications. microsoft phone link lets you customise banner alerts to your preferences. launch phone link


 


ready to start syncing your smartphone and a windows pc?
shop for a new windows 11 pc or we can help you find one.




















shop windows 11 pcs



















help me choose







 


frequently asked questions






expand all
 | 
collapse all


how do i get microsoft phone link?

microsoft phone link allows you to view and dismiss your notifications, make and receive calls and messages.1 2 with an updated design for windows 11, phone link is reaching customers around the world.the phone link for ios experience will come preinstalled on your pc with windows 11, simply search “phone link” in start menu. if you are on windows 11 and cannot find phone link, you may need to update to a later version of windows 11 or download phone link directly from the microsoft store.from your pc, you can connect to selected iphone devices with the following app:link to windows (ltw) app for iphone.you’ll see the name link to windows in the apple® store. in the microsoft store, you’ll see microsoft phone link. this link between your device and pc gives you instant access to everything you love. read and reply to messages with ease, make and receive calls, and manage your device’s notifications right on your pc.1 2phone link requires the following to work: phone link for ios requires iphone® with ios 14 or higher, windows 11 device, bluetooth connection and the latest version of the phone link app. not available for ipad® (ipados®) or macos®. device compatibility may vary. regional restrictions may apply. trademarks are the property of their respective owners. see full list of compatible devices by clicking here.



how does phone link pair with my iphone device?

phone link connects your pc to your iphone using bluetooth. ensure that both your pc and iphone have bluetooth enabled and are discoverable to each other. during set-up of phone link on your pc, you’ll be presented with a qr code to pair with your iphone. simply scan this with your phone’s default camera.you can also download the link to windows app from the app store to facilitate this process.if you start from your windows pc:in the search box on the taskbar, type phone link, and then select phone link app from the results.select iphone.a qr code will appear on your pc screen. on your iphone use your phone’s default camera to scan the qr code that’s displayed on your pc.note: if you’d like to pair your device without using a qr code, select the continue manually without a qr code link on your pc instead. on your iphone device, you’ll be prompted to open a hyperlink on your phone and pair through a webpage on your phone.once your devices are paired, your iphone will prompt you for several device permissions. these permissions help you access content from your phone on your pc.if you encounter issues installing the app, troubleshoot them here.



which iphone devices are compatible with phone link?

any iphone with ios 14.0 or later.2



can i use phone link with my ipad?

it's not compatible with ipad.



what iphone tasks can i access/control from my pc with phone link?

you can use the phone link app to complete a variety of tasks, such as:make and take calls.2check and dismiss notifications.2send and reply to messages.1 2view your contacts.2



can’t i just use my smartphone? why do i need the phone link app on my windows pc to control my iphone when it’s usually with me anyway?

sometimes your iphone needs to charge more before you go out. phone link enables you to still use it with your pc while it’s plugged in and by the outlet.or perhaps you’re in a meeting and having your iphone out will look unprofessional. phone link will give you a notification of any important calls you need to take or messages you need to see.phone link gives you the added versatility of being able to do that from an extra device. instead of looking away from your screen and pulling out your iphone to see notifications, it’s a notification on your pc, increasing the chances your attention stays focused on what you need to do.



does my iphone need to be paired to my pc via bluetooth for phone link to work?

yes. if you have issues pairing, check out the tips suggested here: phone link app requirements and set-up - microsoft support.



what if i don’t want my phone paired to phone link anymore?

simply go to settings > my devices in phone link on your pc and remove your linked iphone from the list. for complete unpairing, disconnect bluetooth via your phone settings, select the linked computer and choose to "forget this device." for your computer, disconnect bluetooth via your computer settings, select the linked phone and choose "remove device." you can relink at any time.



how can i customise phone link to my preferences?

go to settings > features in phone link on your pc. it’s there you can customise options like which apps can send notifications to you. removing permissions for a feature will also disable the feature.you can also disable permissions on your iphone, this will remove all feature activity. go to settings > bluetooth, find the linked computer, and disable:share system notifications enable sync contacts.



phone link isn’t working. where can i find help?

start with the troubleshooting page. you can find it here: troubleshooting the phone link app - microsoft support



what versions of windows must i have to use phone link?

if you have windows 11, phone link will come preinstalled.









need additional assistance?
learn tips, tricks and tools to use phone link successfully.


compare all editions



















phone link help & learning
troubleshoot issues, receive tech support, and learn how to get the most out of device syncing.


learn more









meet windows 11
faster, more powerful and more intuitive. that’s windows 11. discover how you can unlock greater productivity and creativity with windows 11. devices with windows 11 also have the phone link app preinstalled.


learn more









tips & tricks
running low? iphone users can use the phone link app to check the status of their phone battery without unlocking.


learn more















1

                        messaging feature is limited by ios. image/video sharing and group messaging is not supported. messages are session based and will only come through when phone is connected to pc.
                    


2

                        phone link for ios requires iphone with ios 14 or higher, windows 11 device, bluetooth connection and the latest version of the phone link app. not available for ipad (ipados) or macos. device compatibility may vary. regional restrictions may apply. trademarks are the property of their respective owners. see full list of compatible devices by clicking here.
                    



 
 




follow microsoft windows




follow microsoft windows on facebook





follow microsoft windows on x (formerly twitter)







share this page




share this page on facebook





share this page on x (formerly twitter)

















what's new


surface pro


surface laptop


surface laptop studio 2


surface laptop go 3


microsoft copilot


ai in windows


explore microsoft products


windows 11 apps




microsoft store


account profile


download center


microsoft store support


returns


order tracking


microsoft experience centre


recycling


microsoft store promise




education


microsoft in education


devices for education


microsoft teams for education


microsoft 365 education


office education


educator training and development


deals for students and parents


azure for students






business


microsoft cloud


microsoft security


azure


dynamics 365


microsoft 365


microsoft 365 copilot


microsoft teams


small business




developer & it


microsoft developer


documentation


microsoft learn


microsoft tech community


azure marketplace


appsource


microsoft power platform


visual studio




company


careers


about microsoft


company news


privacy at microsoft


investors


sustainability






english (united kingdom)


your privacy choices opt-out icon





your privacy choices




your privacy choices opt-out icon





your privacy choices



consumer health privacy




contact microsoft


privacy


manage cookies


terms of use


trademarks


about our ads


eu compliance docs


regulatory reporting

© microsoft 2025








 






























