







home - pcs technical services


































		skip to content









 












 
search jobs














request staff

















main menu

 

about
team
for job seekers

job seekers
what to expect


for employers

employers
fill a position


testimonials
#pcsgivesback
faqs
contact


















we get the right person
for the right job 







find your next job 






search jobs







see how we can help you get hired! 















 







welcome to pcs technical services 



pcs technical services, inc. is one of the region’s leading resources for temporary technical personnel in the areas of engineering, scientific disciplines, information technology, accounting, finance, administrative, and light industrial specializing in manufacturing. 






about us






































highly specialized hiring 



for 30 years, pcs has worked to master the art of having people as our product. we have to start by recognizing that each person is unique, so no two items we offer are the same. our clients generally look for skill sets that are attuned with their specific needs, so we are accustomed to recruiting in that fashion with each client’s needs in mind. 


















we know your needs 



pcs is a leading staffing firm for a reason. we work hard to match candidate skills with the right job opportunities. we know that each person is different and so is each client. we are keenly aware of the details and skill sets desired in the technical fields of engineering, scientific, information technology, accounting, finance, administrative, and light industrial. 


















our way works 



pcs is all about the individual candidate and client. we stress the relationship and continually seek ways to improve. the key is to really focus on the needs of each client and each candidate. our recruiters look for open opportunities for their candidate clients that meet their needs and our relationship managers seek the best candidates for their open needs. 























#pcsgivesback 



pcs is committed to community outreach and involvement. we know that we cannot do everything, but we believe that together and through partnerships, we can have a much wider impact in our local community. 






learn more











 















find a job today! 



you will have the opportunity to work directly with a recruiter attuned to your field of expertise who will guide you through positions for which you are a fit. pcs will never submit your resume to a company without your knowledge. 






search jobs














 






















 











home




about us




meet the team




for job seekers




for employers














opportunities




testimonials




#pcsgivesback




contact us














11802 conrey rd suite #200,cincinnati, oh 45249




phone: 513-469-8800




email: info@pcsts.com










facebook-f
 



instagram
 



linkedin-in
 

























copyright 2025 © pcs technical services. all rights reserved. 










candidates' security and phishing









































 

