










 


il-2 sturmovik: great battles






























        on our websites, in order to adapt our services and products to the user’s personal requirements, we store and access the information ("cookies") on user’s device. the user can specify the conditions for storing and accessing cookies through the settings of the software installed on their terminal device, such as web browser.
    

        ok
    




            javascript is disabled in your web browser.
            for full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable javascript. here are the  instructions how to enable javascript in your web browser.
        




        close
    


museum
media
forum
news
store


support
registration
login
cart:1

рус













museum



about



news


media


forum




store


support



account



registration


login





cart:1



рус




menu












                legendary combat sim series
            















                     
                

                    100+
                

                    painstakingly recreated aircraft
                








                     
                

                    16
                

                    player-controllable tanks, spgs, and aaa vehicles with detailed interiors and crew stations
                








                     
                

                    vr
                

                    virtual reality support
                






                il-2 sturmovik: great battles stays true to its roots and thoroughly recreates not only the aircraft and
                the ground objects, but also the events and environments.
            


buy the game


        key features
    







                                realistic physics, damage, and physiology
                            

advanced physics and graphics engines: realistic aerodynamics modeled to fly just
                                    like their real-life counterparts.
detailed damage model not only changes the visual but also affects handling, making
                                    an aerial dogfight or ground engagement interesting and unpredictable.
eye-catching cockpits with working instruments look especially stunning and
                                    true-to-life in virtual reality mode.
physiological modeling of pilot fatigue accumulation after active maneuvers in
                                    combat.




                                historically accurate environment
                            

unlike the competition, which uses modern geodata, all our maps are based on
                                    extensive research using maps and documents from the period.
the maps spawn for hundreds of thousands of square kilometers of accurately recreated
                                    terrain including such locations as stalingrad, caen, amsterdam, moscow, antwerp,
                                    cherbourg, arnhem, eindhoven, rzhev, calais, cologne, brussels, kerch, düsseldorf,
                                    kalinin, nijmegen, le havre, dortmund, liege, portsmouth, arras and many others.
environmental diversity: dynamic day/night cycles, multiple seasons, and a wide range
                                    of weather types affect aircraft behavior and air combat.
wide range of weapons and equipment. choose ammunition based on target type.




                                multiplayer and multi-crew
                            

invite your friends to your crew - they can become a gunner in a multi-seater
                                    aircraft or a commander, driver, gunner, and machine gunner (radio operator) in a
                                    combat vehicle.
classic multiplayer with dedicated player-controlled servers with your favorite
                                    settings for team battles, dogfight duels, and online coop.
unlike other simulations, ai pilots must perform the same maneuvers to fly their
                                    aircraft, leveling the playing field between man and machine.
battlefield simulation is not limited to aerial warfare: there are tanks, spgs, and
                                    even aaa vehicles, complete with detailed interiors, instruments, and gun sights
                                    that function just like the real thing.




                                part of a larger war
                            

interconnected modules. fight in the major aerial battles from 1916 to 1945.
historically accurate pilot career mode: serve in a fighter, bomber, or attack
                                    squadron. work your way from rookie to squadron commander, earning promotions,
                                    historical medals, and other awards.
the flexible quick mission mode allows you to create your own custom combat scenario
                                    in just a few clicks - from a simple free flight to a scenario with realistic
                                    objectives and opponents.
dozens of available historical campaigns and scenarios cover both world wars from
                                    1917 to 1945.
the mission editor tool allows you to create your own scenarios of any complexity for
                                    single and multiplayer.




                                accessibility
                            

despite very complex modeling, the player does not need to memorize and repeat
                                    routine operations as required in reality.
adjustable difficulty allows everyone to customize the sim to their taste and
                                    ability.
it is possible to fly an aircraft using either a joystick, which allows for greater
                                    control or a mouse while maintaining the same high level of fidelity of our flight
                                    models.
various virtual reality hmds are supported via steamvr.
the flight recording system allows you to record whatever happens in the virtual
                                    skies.
your personal aviation museum is open 24/7.






































        latest news
    









                            11.02.2025
                        


                        update 5.506, new campaign
                    


read more










                            17.12.2024
                        


                        update 5.505, new campaign
                    


read more





go to the news page




il-2 sturmovik

battle ofnormandy


see more









il-2 sturmovik

battle ofnormandy


see more





            system requirements
        



                    windows
                

                    64-bit windows® 10/11 operating system
                



                    minimum:
                

intel® core™ i5/i7 3+ ghz processor
16 gb of system memory (ram)
nvidia or amd gpu with 4+ gb of dedicated graphics memory (vram)
90 gb of storage (preferably ssd for faster loading)
256 kb/s internet connection (1 mb/s and better for multiplayer)
directx®-compatible flight stick recommended







up






facebook
twitter
discord
youtube







user agreement
privacy policy
video creation & use policy


© 2012 - 2025 1c game studios. all rights reserved.
for-games cr ltd, 32 kritis street, papachristoforou building, 4th floor, 3087 limassol,
                            cyprus


















