































































capitol visa - capitol visa







































“we have provided best passport and visa services nationwide.”






home
passports

new passport
minor passport
passport renewal
damaged passport
lost passport
stolen passport
name change
second passport


visas

algeria visa
brazil visa
china visa
india visa
russia visa
saudi visa
all countries


passport fees
visas fees
contact us
 













capitol visa is committed to make your travel hassle free !
 
 
we have moved to a new location
starting october 1st, 2020
capitol visa services
3321 saint james pl,
falls church, va 22042





pleasur or business visa.
whether you are a corporate client or a private individual, our experienced team will provide you with a first class service that will take all the hassle out of your visa or passport process.
 
brazil, india, russia, europe, etc…





dont forget your passport !!
as your acting passport agency, we aim to process your passport application at us state department office at the earliest bookable appointment time.
we will check your documents before applying for your passport in order to avoid delays and rejection.
 
info@capitolvisa.com





capitol visa services
capitol visa can help you to save valuable time. our expert team will review all of your documents to confirm your application is accurate, complete and ready for submission. we will contact you personally to quickly handle any mistakes ensuring your application is submitted correctly.
our agents are on-hand via email and phone to assist with any type of query you might have.
call us today at :
800 727 8472













we have provided best passport and visa services nationwide.





new passport
you are applying for a u.s. passport for the first time or your previous passport has expired and was issued more than 15 years, or your previous passport was issued under 16 and now you are over 16 years old. continue..



passport for minor
the first thing you need to know is that your child must apply in person with both parents or guardians at acceptance agent. there are several documents that you must present at the time you submit the application at a acceptance agent. continue..



passport renewal
applying for a us passport renewal is much easier than getting a new passport because there are fewer documents to submit.you are not required to appear in person at acceptance agency continue..



name changed
applying to change the name in your passport is a good idea if your name has been legally changed. the application and documents that you will submit depend on a couple of factors so read carefully to make sure you are submitting the correct ones. continue..



lost passport
report your lost passport immediately to protect yourself from identity theft. once you report a passport lost, it is invalid and cannot be used for travel. continue..



stolen passport
report your passport stolen immediately to protect yourself from identity theft. once you report a passport stolen, it is invalid and cannot be used for travel. continue..



damaged passport
the steps to replace a significantly damaged passport are the similar to what is required to apply for a new passport. there are a few differences which are discussed. continue..



second passport
a second passport is the exception to the rule. the general policy is that "no person shall bear or be in possession of more than one valid or potentially valid passport of the same type at any one time."continue..




popular destinations which require visas for us citizens.



china
china requires that travelers must apply for their visa at the correct chinese consulate based on their state of residence [...] 



brazil
brazil maintains 10 consulates in the us,including the embassy in washington, dc, and you must apply at the consulate that has jurisdiction over your state of residence [...] 



russia
russia has one of the most complicated visa procedures, we strongly recommend that you apply through a visa service [...] 



india
india maintains a complicated visa processing system; we highly recommend that the travelers use the services of a visa expediting company [...] 



saudi arabia
the visa will usually take around 3-7 days to process and it will allow foreign nationals to conduct limited business with their sponsors or clients in saudi arabia [...] 



algeria
a visa is required for us citizens to travel to algeria for any trip purpose. the visa application must be submitted to the embassy of algeria before your trip [...] 



load all countries










any questions? read the faq
 

 newborn baby passport information !

newborn babies and young children do need their own passports in order to travel outside the us. babies and children under age 16 are issued minor passports that are valid for five years. they are valid for only five years, instead of ten, because their appearance changes so dramatically as they grow. minor passports cannot be renewed. please see our minor passport page to learn more about the special procedures to apply for a child passport. passport for minor 


 passports for adults age 16 and older

us citizens age 16 and older are issued passports valid for 10 years. the first time you apply for a passport as an adult, you will need to prove your identity and us citizenship by appearing before a passport acceptance agent. as long as your passport is not lost, destroyed, or allowed to remain expired for more than five years – you will be eligible for a passport renewal, which is a streamlined process that does not require going to a passport acceptance facility. 


 where can i apply for a passport?

if you need a new us passport (first time applicant), minor passport, or a replacement for a lost, stolen, or damaged passport, you will need to start your processing at one of the following locations:
* passport acceptance facility – these are usually located in:

major post offices.
courthouses
county clerk offices
 


more faq





latest changes




turkey suspended visa of us citizens
october 8, 2017





no glasses in us passport!
november 01, 2016





photo requirements for chinese visa!
february 01, 2017





indian embassy announces revised visa fees for us nationals!
april 01, 2017




 




if you have any questions!
feel free to contact us today


800 727 8472




capitol visa services is registered but not affiliated with the us government. we charge an additional fee to expedite your passport in 1 to 12 days. if you are not in a rush, you can obtain a passport directly from the u.s. department of state in 4 to 7 weeks.
















capital visa services. all rights reserved. 2017















