










keylite roof windows | roof windows, sun lites, loft ladders



































































 




























  






















+44 1283 200 158
info@keyliteuk.com


home
news
careers
sustainability
ways to buy
contact
location
sign in

basket
 













menuproductspitched roof windowspolar white pvc roof windowcentre pivotfire escape/top hungconservationintegral blindroof window flashingsridge windowvertical bi-liteskylightselectric roof windowsquad-lite systemfixed skylightflat roof windowsroof lanternsflat roof systemflat roof domeflat roof apex systemcombi flat roof systemflat glass rooflightpremium flat glass rooflightothermaintenance kitssunlite tube systemloft ladderskeylite blindswindow guard closehelpproduct selector – configure your roof windowcase studiesyour guaranteebrochure & downloadslocate a keylite merchantaftersales supportinstallationwhy keylite?product carechoosing a productthe gapinnovationscombining roof windowsrenovations
help centre
need help and advice on your keylite product?  take a look at our quick links  or alternatively contact us for more information.
view faqs
live chat software
 closeprofessionalsarchitectsliterature such as case studies, brochures, building regulations, specification sheets and a sizing guide.merchantswhy stock keylite? we invest in service, with innovative support and continuous added value to our products.installersfitting instructions for our products, to make it as easy as possible for you to install your new roof window. closefind an installershop







select page


  
 



 



 










keylite roof windows







quality above all
we make it our mission to design products that contribute to the perfect indoor environment.

shop now










products







keylite blinds







homeowners







architects









keylite is europe’s fastest growing roof window manufacturer.
we offer a full range of roof windows, blinds, timber loft ladders, flashings, electric operation kits, & accessories.











why keylite?





product selector









case studies











roof lanterns







renovations







videos















 







get news & offers 



1
step 1









enter your email addressa valid emailemail

whopick one!who you arehomeownerarchitectinstallermerchant

first nameperson

last nameperson

sign up

i wish to receive promotional material and offers from keylite






keyboard_arrow_leftprevious

nextkeyboard_arrow_right

 



keylite roof windows is 100% merchant dedicated




general

about us
news
blog
privacy policy
cookie policy
terms and conditions
support request
delivery & returns
contact
ce marking
sitemap
country selector


products

pitched roof windows
flat roof windows
roof window flashings
window guard
renovations
loft ladders
sunlite tube system
blinds & accessories
product selector – configure your roof window
choosing a product


help centre

ways to buy
product care
installation
combining keylite roof windows
brochure & downloads
aftersales support
the gap
case studies
your guarantee
faqs


professionals

what’s new in keylite
book a cpd
architects
installers
installer directory
keylite verified installer
merchants


 






facebook




instagram




linkedin




youtube


copyright © 2020 - keylite roof windows, unit 3 gateway road, burton gateway, burton upon trent, de13 8fl 











krw-kb-logo





          0          












search for:





menuhomeproductspitched roof windowsflat roof windowsroof lanternsloft laddersother closehelp centreproduct selector – configure your roof windowinstallationyour guaranteeways to buycase studiesbrochure & downloadsfaqs closeprofessionalsarchitectsinstallersmerchants closeshopbasketsign in











keylite roof windows uses cookies to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all cookies. however, you may visit cookie settings to provide controlled consent.cookie settingsacceptmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





                                necessary                            


 necessary 


                                    always enabled                                



necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescription__cf_bm1 hourthis cookie, set by cloudflare, is used to support cloudflare bot management._grecaptcha6 monthsgoogle recaptcha service sets this cookie to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks.cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement1 yearset by the gdpr cookie consent plugin, this cookie records the user consent for the cookies in the "advertisement" category.cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".cookielawinfoconsent1 yearcookieyes sets this cookie to record the default button state of the corresponding category and the status of ccpa. it works only in coordination with the primary cookie.rc::aneverthis cookie is set by the google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks.rc::csessionthis cookie is set by the google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks.viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data.






                                functional                            


functional




functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
cookiedurationdescription__lc_cid1 year 1 month 4 daysthis is an essential cookie for the website live chat box to function properly.__lc_cst1 year 1 month 4 daysthis cookie is used for the website live chat box to function properly.__oauth_redirect_detector1 minutethis cookie is used to recognize the visitors using live chat at different times inorder to optimize the chat-box functionality.li_gc6 monthslinkedin set this cookie for storing visitor's consent regarding using cookies for non-essential purposes.lidc1 daylinkedin sets the lidc cookie to facilitate data center selection.mailchimp_landing_site1 monthmailchimp sets the cookie to record which page the user first visited.s1 hourused by yahoo to provide ads, content or analytics.yt-remote-cast-installedsessionthe yt-remote-cast-installed cookie is used to store the user's video player preferences using embedded youtube video.yt-remote-connected-devicesneveryoutube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded youtube videos.yt-remote-device-idneveryoutube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded youtube videos.yt-remote-fast-check-periodsessionthe yt-remote-fast-check-period cookie is used by youtube to store the user's video player preferences for embedded youtube videos.yt-remote-session-appsessionthe yt-remote-session-app cookie is used by youtube to store user preferences and information about the interface of the embedded youtube video player.yt-remote-session-namesessionthe yt-remote-session-name cookie is used by youtube to store the user's video player preferences using embedded youtube video.ytidb::last_result_entry_keyneverthe cookie ytidb::last_result_entry_key is used by youtube to store the last search result entry that was clicked by the user. this information is used to improve the user experience by providing more relevant search results in the future.






                                performance                            


performance




performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
cookiedurationdescription_uetsid1 daybing ads sets this cookie to engage with a user that has previously visited the website._uetvid1 year 24 daysbing ads sets this cookie to engage with a user that has previously visited the website.srm_b1 year 24 daysused by microsoft advertising as a unique id for visitors.






                                analytics                            


analytics




analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
cookiedurationdescription_clck1 yearmicrosoft clarity sets this cookie to retain the browser's clarity user id and settings exclusive to that website. this guarantees that actions taken during subsequent visits to the same website will be linked to the same user id._clsk1 daymicrosoft clarity sets this cookie to store and consolidate a user's pageviews into a single session recording._fbp3 monthsfacebook sets this cookie to display advertisements when either on facebook or on a digital platform powered by facebook advertising after visiting the website._hjsession_*1 hourhotjar sets this cookie to ensure data from subsequent visits to the same site is attributed to the same user id, which persists in the hotjar user id, which is unique to that site._hjsessionuser_*1 yearhotjar sets this cookie to ensure data from subsequent visits to the same site is attributed to the same user id, which persists in the hotjar user id, which is unique to that site._hjtldtestsessionto determine the most generic cookie path that has to be used instead of the page hostname, hotjar sets the _hjtldtest cookie to store different url substring alternatives until it fails.cid1 yearthe cid cookie helps to identify unique visitors and understand their site behaviour at different times.clid1 yearmicrosoft clarity set this cookie to store information about how visitors interact with the website. the cookie helps to provide an analysis report. the data collection includes the number of visitors, where they visit the website, and the pages visited.mr7 daysthis cookie, set by bing, is used to collect user information for analytics purposes.sbjs_currentsessionsourcebuster sets this cookie to identify the source of a visit and stores user action information in cookies. this analytical and behavioural cookie is used to enhance the visitor experience on the website.sbjs_current_addsessionsourcebuster sets this cookie to identify the source of a visit and stores user action information in cookies. this analytical and behavioural cookie is used to enhance the visitor experience on the website.sbjs_firstsessionsourcebuster sets this cookie to identify the source of a visit and stores user action information in cookies. this analytical and behavioural cookie is used to enhance the visitor experience on the website.sbjs_first_addsessionsourcebuster sets this cookie to identify the source of a visit and stores user action information in cookies. this analytical and behavioural cookie is used to enhance the visitor experience on the website.sbjs_migrationssessionsourcebuster sets this cookie to identify the source of a visit and stores user action information in cookies. this analytical and behavioural cookie is used to enhance the visitor experience on the website.sbjs_session1 hoursourcebuster sets this cookie to identify the source of a visit and stores user action information in cookies. this analytical and behavioural cookie is used to enhance the visitor experience on the website.sbjs_udatasessionsourcebuster sets this cookie to identify the source of a visit and stores user action information in cookies. this analytical and behavioural cookie is used to enhance the visitor experience on the website.smsessionmicrosoft clarity cookie set this cookie for synchronizing the muid across microsoft domains.






                                advertisement                            


advertisement




advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
cookiedurationdescriptionanonchk10 minutesthe anonchk cookie, set by bing, is used to store a user's session id and verify ads' clicks on the bing search engine. the cookie helps in reporting and personalization as well.bcookie1 yearlinkedin sets this cookie from linkedin share buttons and ad tags to recognize browser ids.cid_*1 yearcrimtan sets this cookie as remarketing cookie that is used to send relevant ads to users on subsequent sites.compass1 hourthe compass cookie is used by yahoo to deliver targeted advertising based on user's online behavior.muid1 year 24 daysbing sets this cookie to recognise unique web browsers visiting microsoft sites. this cookie is used for advertising, site analytics, and other operations.nid6 monthsgoogle sets the cookie for advertising purposes; to limit the number of times the user sees an ad, to unwanted mute ads, and to measure the effectiveness of ads.visitor_info1_live6 monthsyoutube sets this cookie to measure bandwidth, determining whether the user gets the new or old player interface.visitor_privacy_metadata6 monthsyoutube sets this cookie to store the user's cookie consent state for the current domain.yscsessionyoutube sets this cookie to track the views of embedded videos on youtube pages.yt.innertube::nextidneveryoutube sets this cookie to register a unique id to store data on what videos from youtube the user has seen.yt.innertube::requestsneveryoutube sets this cookie to register a unique id to store data on what videos from youtube the user has seen.






                                others                            


others




other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
cookiedurationdescription_slides_app_sessionsessiondescription is currently not available.cookies.jssessionno description available.fc_sp_441 yeardescription is currently not available.fc_sp_461 yeardescription is currently not available.fc_sp_491 yeardescription is currently not available.fc_sp_511 yeardescription is currently not available.location_name1 month 10 days 16 hoursdescription is currently not available.location_region1 month 10 days 16 hoursdescription is currently not available.












save & accept
















   




















































basket


oh dear!
your basket is currently empty.
go to shop








