





route 66 association of illinois route 66 association of illinois where the road begins


























































 skip to main contentroute 66 association of illinoiswhere the road beginsabout

our mission
officers and board
what is preservation?

preservation stories
preservation projects


route 66 associations
additional route 66 sites
contact

questions or comments
contact web administrator
submit content for the 66 news
upload an image
submit a route 66-related event




membership

join us!

renew an existing membership


your donation fuels our mission!
member login/profile

membership email update
member sign out


member pages


what to do

calendar
museum/hall of fame
motor tour information
illinois alignments
destinations

map view


illinois route 66 counties


history

route 66 history
association history
illinois stories
illinois road maps 1917-2014 (external)
hall of fame members

hall of fame nomination process


national register of historic places on route 66 in illinois
faq/trivia


news

membership changes
henry’s ra66it ranch still open
october presentation
in memorium

kathy miller
rich henry
joy henderson
durelle f. pritchard


samantha brown’s places to loveroute 66 in illinois
president’s letter – winter 2024/2025
the 66 news archives


centennial!

november 11, 1926us highway 66 is established.
66 centennial series
looking for route 66 stories



main content route 66 association of illinois
  where the road begins
international memberships are again available!
please be wary of those soliciting funds for the association, especially at car shows and similar events. while we appreciate any donations that may be made, such donations are only accepted at our official tent/location.


our mission
to promote, preserve, educate, and enjoy route 66 in illinois.
learn more!


 association membership
the valued members of our association help support our efforts. we welcome you to join us in this noble cause.
join today


route 66 in illinois
a nostalgic trip through americana


 
destinations
discover the places and attractions that manifest the charm, appeal and nostalgia of classic americana along route 66 in illinois.
go!



 
events
learn when and where you can find exciting events and participate in volunteer opportunities along illinois’ route 66.
go!



 
maps
locate destinations along our slice of the mother road, then plan and head out on your fun-filled route 66 journey!
go!



 
route 66 museum
we are open and ready to welcome you!
winter hours are:
sunday thru saturday, 10:00 am – 4:00 pm.
our “home base” in pontiac, illinois. visit to experience thousands of route 66 artifacts and memorabilia galore! admission is free!
go!



 
hall of fame inductees
we recognize individuals and places that have made a special mark on route 66. see our complete list of honorees.
go!
interested in nominations for the hof?
nomination process



 
 
officers and board
these are the folks who’ve been elected to make our association run. they keep their eyes and ears open for issues and events happening along illinois route 66.
go!



 why join the route 66 association of illinois?
association member doug hitchings answers:
“supporting the things that matter is a simple answer. a children’s hospital during the holidays, a gofundme for kentucky tornado victims and a group of dedicated preservationists. if one can…one should.”
“and furthermore when you’re on our il stretch of the mother road, everyone’s smiling and happy. the world needs more of that right now.”


news & announcements
stay up to date with what’s happening on route 66 in illinois.


your donations fuel our mission!
president’s letter – winter 2024/2025
membership changes
hall of famer rich henry has passed away
bel-aire neon sign on display at motorheads in springfield
hall of famer joy henderson has passed away
in memoriam – kathy miller
looking for route 66 stories
 volunteer
preservation is one of our core missions. with the motto of “we work for food,” our members paint, build, repair, clean, and fight to preserve all that is route 66.
learn more


route 66 association of illinois
copyright © 2025 · administrator log in 

























