




home - glma: health professionals advancing lgbtq equality



















































+








homeabout glmaabout glmaour impactglma annual achievement awardsjobs at glmapress releasescontact usget involvedget involvedbecome a memberjoin a committeejoin health professionals in trainingjoin a sectionjoin our mailing listresearchresearchlesbian health fundresearch participation opportunitiesadvocacyadvocacypolicies and position statementspartners and coalitionsequality maps: healthcare laws and policiesequality maps: bans on trans youth medical careeducationeducationglma's annual conference on lgbtq+ healthwebinarson-demand ce/cmeresourcesfind a providersupport glmasupport glmadonatejoin the health equity impact circleinvest in your legacywear your glma pride




×
member log in









forgot password?













glma: health professionals advancing lgbtq+ equality





















 






instagram

















twittertwitter 



linkedinlinkedin 



facebookfacebook 




threads





 




member log-in




mobile menu 













about glmaour impactglma annual achievement awardsjobs at glmapress releasescontact usget involvedbecome a memberjoin a committeejoin health professionals in trainingjoin a sectionjoin our mailing listresearchlesbian health fundresearch participation opportunitiesadvocacypolicies and position statementspartners and coalitionsequality maps: healthcare laws and policiesequality maps: bans on trans youth medical careeducationglma's annual conference on lgbtq+ healthwebinarson-demand ce/cmeresourcesfind a providersupport glmadonatejoin the health equity impact circleinvest in your legacywear your glma pride 














glma: health professionals advancing lgbtq+ equality; advancing lgbtq+ health equity through research, advocacy, and education.






early bird registration is now open for glma's 43rd annual conference on lgbtq+ health - register now!






lesbian health funds: call for proposals! the lesbian health fund's 2025 grant cycle is now open! deadline: march 15, 2025






save the date! join us in minneapolis, mn! glma's 43rd annual conference on lgbtq+ health, october 9-11, 2025






glma condemns missouri court's decision to uphold ban on health care for trans missourians, but the fight is not over






image of 2024 glma achievement awardees on the left. on the right, "celebrating glma's 2024 achievement awardees. this year's recipients were honored at glma's 42nd annual conference on lgbtq+ health"






celebrating 4,000 providers. lgbtq+ healthcare directory. don't have a provider profile on the directory? create one today!





							glma sues the state of north carolina to defend gender-affirming care and block house bill 808
						
glma is suing the state of north carolina to defend gender-affirming care and block house bill 808


‹
›
lgbtq+ specific health research is underfunded and underutilized, especially when it comes to research on and by bipoc lgbtq+ people, intersex people, and other historically-excluded intersectional identities. by promoting research, glma is working to fill gaps in knowledge and improve the health outcomes of all lgbtq+ individuals. as the oldest and largest association of lgbtq+ and allied health professionals, glma is a vital resource for policy-makers and coalition partners working to promote lgbtq+ health equity. glma builds power by harnessing the expertise of its membership to promote inclusive policy and challenge discriminatory policy. educating health professionals on the latest in lgbtq+ health is key to glma's mission of ensuring health equity for all lgbtq+ people and equality for lgbtq+ health professionals. glma provides practice-changing continuing education for health professionals and resources to educate and empower lgbtq+ patients.  quick linksthank you to glma's sponsors!
 




‹
›






1629 k st. nwsuite 300washington, dc 20006



contact us
privacy policy

©2025 glma: health professionals advancing lgbtq equalitywebsite powered by memberleap





   

