
























welcome to chem stores | chem stores | university of waterloo






















skip to main content
















                      jump to
                    





                              jump to
                          





                      admissions
                    





                      about waterloo
                    





                      faculties & academics
                    





                      offices & services
                    





                      support waterloo
                    












open search location 
search for 



search location
on all siteson this site


























chem stores





menu














chem stores home







                     about chem stores
                    





                     contacts
                    





                     stock
                    





                              stock
                          





                     bulk solvents
                    





                     chemicals
                    





                     dry ice and liquid nitrogen
                    





                     glassware and hardware
                    





                     quick-fit glassware
                    





                     water
                    







                     environmental waste
                    





                     borrowing items
                    















±



welcome to chem stores











































all purchases require a work order and activity number (provided by your supervisor / pi / administrator). items are not available for non-university affiliated members and students to purchase via credit, debit, cash, or watcard.
please continue to work with your lab to keep trips to once per day, and an email order for any large orders is still appreciated.
email and in-person purchases
to order from chem stores, you may come in person to esc 109 during opening hours (monday to friday, 8:30 am - 4:30 pm (closed for lunch, 12:00 - 1:00 pm), or fill in the email order form (docx) and email it to cstores@uwaterloo.ca, as well as your supervisor.
see stock tab for products available through our store. it is helpful to have our product code on hand (or included on the email form) to ensure you receive the desired item.
for email orders, you will receive confirmation when your order is complete, and you can pickup anytime during store hours.
please bring a cart to pick up large orders in order to ensure safe and convenient transportation. for small orders, a cart may not be necessary.
please bring secondary containment (bottle, tote, etc.) to transport any chemicals you purchase. chem stores has rubber totes and large bins available for purchase; however, neither are available to borrow.
dry ice and liquid nitrogen are available monday to friday during normal store hours. please bring a suitable container to transport either cryogenic with you. cryogenic containers are not available for sale or to borrow.
location and hours
earth sciences and chemistry (esc) – room 109
front counter (no appointment needed): monday to friday, 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. (closed for lunch, noon to 1 p.m.)
notice: upcoming chem stores closures
chem stores will be closed on the following dates due to statutory holidays:
monday, february 17, 2025 (family day)
friday, april 18, 2025 (good friday)
monday, may 19, 2025 (victoria day)
monday, june 30, 2025 (additional day)
tuesday, july 1, 2025 (canada day)
monday, august 4, 2025 (civic holiday)






enable javascript to view map.


































contact us
provide website feedback














university of waterloo

university of waterloo


43.471468
-80.544205






campus map






              campus map
          

200 university avenue west

waterloo,
      on,
      canada
n2l 3g1


+1 519 888 4567









                     contact waterloo
                    





                     accessibility
                    





                     news
                    





                     maps & directions
                    





                     privacy
                    





                     careers
                    





                     emergency notifications
                    





                     copyright
                    





                     feedback
                    







the university of waterloo acknowledges that much of our work takes place on the traditional territory of the neutral, anishinaabeg, and haudenosaunee peoples. our main campus is situated on the haldimand tract, the land granted to the six nations that includes six miles on each side of the grand river. our active work toward reconciliation takes place across our campuses through research, learning, teaching, and community building, and is co-ordinated within the office of indigenous relations.










instagram




              instagram
          






x (formerly twitter)




                      x (formerly twitter)
          






linkedin




              linkedin
          






facebook




              facebook
          






youtube




              youtube
          





@uwaterloo social directory






on it check








            where there’s  a challenge,waterloo ison it.
          

learn how   → 



        ©2025 all rights reserved
      
















