













academics | degrees & majors | georgia southern



















































skip to main content




 

apply
visit
give
mygs




menuclose











 

about


about overview
leadership, mission, & vision
news
events
campuses
office directory



admissions & aid


admissions & aid overview
how to apply
first-year students
transfer
graduate students
adult & non-traditional
military-connected and veteran students
dual enrollment
international students
post-baccalaureate, former, and transient students
tuition and scholarships
financial aid
visit campus
meet the admissions team
orientation



academics


academics overview
degrees
accelerated bachelor's to master's
online programs
career exploration
colleges
university libraries
academic advising (carc)
academic success center
continuing and professional education



student life


student life overview
housing
traditions
the eagle experience
armstrong campus in savannah
liberty campus in hinesville
statesboro campus
dining services
student union
fraternity & sorority life
student organizations
university libraries
campus recreation & intramurals
counseling center



research


research overview
centers and laboratories
research impact areas
innovation and commercialization
community impact
information for university partners
vertically integrated projects (vip)
faculty support
research integrity
student research & creative activity



athletics


athletics website



alumni


alumni overview


 mygs
current students
news
parents & families
careers
 




apply
visit
give
mygs
 



searchclose













search




popular searches

financial aid
housing
directory
academic calendar
admissions
military students





 





academics



home
»
	academics
 









in this section menu


in this section




career exploration
curriculum
academic advising
academic success center
faculty resources
university libraries
academic calendar
catalogs
course search
registrar





how will you soar?
whether you’re just starting your career or seeking new challenges, georgia southern university empowers your success. our 10 colleges and over 130 career-focused degree programs offer flexible, affordable pathways to your future. guided by innovative faculty and enriched by hands-on learning in a welcoming environment, you’ll gain the skills to excel and transform your career. join us at georgia southern university and discover the enriching opportunities that await you.






academics at a glance








+
degree programs
bachelor’s, master’s, doctoral and professional certificate programs are offered across three campuses and online. 



:1
student-to-faculty ratio
fosters your growth through a supportive, student-centered environment. 




colleges
bring together talented scholars, bright and motivated students, and specialized resources. 











all majors and programs
wherever your aspirations lie, you’ll soar beyond at georgia southern — including toward a career that embraces your talents and allows you to uplift others through your drive and ideas. search by program level, college, location, area of interest and more.
explore all degree programs


















colleges
across our colleges, faculty, administrators, staff and students coordinate their efforts, share resources and build community around a common area of focus.










allen e. paulson college of engineering
get hands-on, research-infused training in four areas of engineering plus computer science and information technology. gain the most sought-after technical skills for today’s industry.









college of arts and humanities
inspire through musical performance, performing art or fine art. master the tools of digital communication and let your voice be heard. investigate the big questions through literature or philosophy. whatever your passion, grow as a creative communicator ready to make your mark.









college of behavioral and social sciences
understand human behavior on individual and societal levels, preparing for careers that guide change in others. areas of study include psychology, criminal justice, sociology, public administration and more. undergraduate, graduate and online programs are available.









college of education
get equipped to shape the next generation of students with the latest evidence-based tools and strategies. whether to launch your teaching career, take it to the next level of instruction or transition into leadership, our flexible programs accommodate your professional goals.









college of science and mathematics
build analytical and laboratory skills to fuel discovery and innovation, preparing for careers in research, the health professions and applied domains such as sustainability, climatology and technological development. home to georgia southern’s pre-health professional programs of study.









jack n. averitt college of graduate studies
supporting graduate education across georgia southern, the college of graduate studies works hand in hand with all associated advanced degree programs to deliver immersive, engaging experiences and connect students with world-class research opportunities.









jiann-ping hsu college of public health
gain the knowledge and practical experience you need to promote healthier communities. active in research, our faculty work closely with government agencies and local organizations and equip you for effective service through evidence-based practice.









parker college of business
get ready to catalyze business success and lead innovation. whether studying finance as an undergraduate or logistics on the doctoral level, you’ll learn from faculty with deep industry experience and acquire the latest analytical tools to make strategic, data-driven decisions.









waters college of health professions
through expert instruction, diverse field assignments and collaborative research, master the knowledge and evidence-based practices that empower you to enhance individual- and community-level quality of life as a nurse, physical therapist, kinesiologist or another allied health professional.










experiential learning at georgia southern
some of the most impactful learning experiences happen outside the classroom. whether you’re researching coastal wetlands or exploring a new culture at our ireland campus, the world becomes your laboratory at georgia southern. 






      experiential learning      




      service learning      




      student research opportunities      




      study abroad      




      southern learners      














honors college
alongside fellow high achievers, you’ll enhance your education through in-depth research, additional experiential learning opportunities and individualized faculty mentorship.
about the honors college





















public impact research
georgia southern is a public-impact research university. faculty research, scholarship and creative activities improve lives and serve our communities — locally, regionally, nationally and globally.
more about research


















how we support you
you’re not on your own. we invest in your success, from the beginning of your program to long into your career. discover some of the ways we support your growth and achievement.



ready day one
plan for success. based on the skills employers look for in today’s marketplace, this program helps you create a plan to ensure you graduate ready for the workplace.


academic success center
reach your true potential. a variety of support services, from one-on-one tutoring to academic skills workshops, build your abilities and confidence so you can thrive at georgia southern and in your career.


continuing and professional education
we offer you pathways to advancement long after graduation. see how you can upgrade your skills, expand your qualifications and open the door to the next stage of your career.


adult and online learning
the office of adult and online learning supports non-traditional, adult and online students. we assist with transitions, prior learning credits, admissions, advising, tutoring and professional education. our goal is to help you find the shortest path to a degree and ensure an exceptional experience at georgia southern.


institute for innovative and integrated studies
at i³s, we break traditional silos, fostering cross-disciplinary collaborations. partnering with regional businesses and adopting innovative teaching methods, we ensure our students stay in step with evolving workforce demands.


first- and second-year experience
transitioning to college is exciting yet sometimes intimidating. whether you’re a first-year, transfer, non-traditional or returning student, we’re excited to welcome you to georgia southern university. our goal is to support your success at every stage of your academic journey.


office of career and professional development
the office of career and professional development at georgia southern university equips students and alumni with personalized services, skills, experiences and connections to ensure lifelong professional success and readiness for a global workforce.










meet provost dr. carl reiber
provost and executive vice president for academic affairs carl l. reiber, ph.d., is the chief academic officer at the university. he oversees the academic mission of the university, advancing faculty excellence and student success.
more about dr. reiber





























take the next step
unlock your next opportunity. from online certifications to on-campus doctoral degrees, harness your spark and soar beyond at georgia southern.

request information
schedule a visit
start your application













 



statesboro campus
            1332 southern drive
statesboro, ga 30458
912-478-4636          

armstrong campus
            11935 abercorn street
savannah, ga 31419
912-478-4636          

liberty campus
            175 west memorial drive
hinesville, ga 31313
912-877-1906          

contact us





news
events
maps
parking & transportation
faculty & staff directory
a-z site directory
bookstore
course catalog
academic calendar
career opportunities
 public safety
equal opportunity & title ix
university system of georgia
accreditation
ethics hotline
open records
privacy
human trafficking notice
 
back to top






 



 



 



 



 


©
      2024 georgia southern university 





