







wgreyhawk.com










wgreyhawk.com
 

 faithlifeencouragementtech#geek



















miracles
do they actually happen? were they only in biblical times? or do they still happen today? let's explore this topic together.
















miracles without doubt - god leads us day by day, week by week, letting us know where he wants us to go and what to do next. god takes top priority in my life, for i know he is. he's brought me through many difficult and deadly situations. one of these happened on april 2nd, 1988; i was 12 years old. my family and i were driving through utah on our way to the grand canyon for easter sunrise service. we never made it that year. a strong side wind hit us, sending the car into a roll; the back hatch flipped open, and i flew out the back. my lower left leg was broken in several pieces, my collar bone was broken, ligaments in my neck were torn, and i had orbital skull fractures. for eight days i was in a coma and in the hospital for more about 3 months. it was a miracle i was alive. however, this was not the only miracle i've experienced. still, the questions of "why!" haunted me. i slowly came to realize the wonders that the lord was doing in me – strengthening my faith and relationship with him. my life had been changed, for the better - yes, for the better. the other miracle that i've experienced - god has healed me of something of which i thought i would never be free. the head trauma caused damage to my optical nerve and pituitary gland. this made it so i had to take an expensive medicine from that point on or else my body would dehydrate. but 11 years later, a point at which doctors say it's permanent, god healed me. february 26, 1999, through a man with the gift of healing, god reached down and touched me with his healing hands. since that day i have not needed to take my medicine (and due to the nature of the disorder, it is very easy to know when the medicine is needed.) now it's more than twenty years since i was healed, and i still cannot deny my father in heaven because i know beyond a shadow of a doubt that he is the only one with the power to heal me. glory be to god, my healer and provider. jesus is our savior, and i thank god each day for my life. it's so wonderful how he has brought me to where i am today.







advice

miracles of christ

prayers/poems

verses





get into my head
my thoughts on life and love, along with wisdom from the ages






thoughts '01, toughts '02

throughout 2001 and 2002, i took the time to document some of the ponderances passing through my head.







quotes

wisdom from around the world and through the ages







true love

what is "true love"? how can you know if you find it? how can you give it?









look around - the lord is with us.
                        trust in the one who knows your every step.






copyright © brian smith - all rights reserved









