

velux roof windows – transform your spaces with daylight












spacesbedroomhome officekids' roomliving roombathroomkitchenhallwayproductsroof windowselectric productsflat roof windowsblinds and shuttersroof balcony and terracesun tunnelsaccessories and spare partsconfigurator for roof windows and heat protectionprojectsreplacementloft conversionrenovationupgradingextensionre-roofingnew buildtools for professionalshelp and advicedealersinstallersarchitectshousebuilderscataloguestools and calculatorsabout uscareerpress & newsspacesproductsfind installerprojectsstoriesarticlescustomer servicesustainabilitynewslettertools for professionalslet us help you realise your dream homeget free design adviceget installation and replacement serviceconfigure your roof window solutionfind a velux certified installerbuy blinds, shutters and accessories onlinebuy roof windows onlinehelp and supportnewsletterwant to learn more about services? see all servicesfor professionalstechnical supportspacesproductsfind installerget startedspacesproductsfind installerlet us help you with your projectare you planning to install new roof windows, replace existing roof windows, or do you need technical support?see our serviceswhich space are you transforming?roof window configuratorcreate your own solutionconfigure your roof window solution including price and request a quote directly from a velux certified installer.configure roof windowalready have a roof window?replace your old roof windowis your existing roof window tired and needs to be replaced? dream bigger and let us help you.
replace roof windowupgrade your roof windowimprove your indoor comfort using our blackout, heat protection and smart home solutions.
check our accessoriesenjoy free expert advice and help with installationvelux advisory servicewhether you're looking to replace old roof windows, install new ones, or simply looking for inspiration, we’re here to help. we offer personalised advice, a free design proposal of your space including the ideal roof window solution, and help with installation.start heredaylight and spaces: the journalthe costs of replacing a roof window – how to make a budget for your replacement projecthave you put off replacing your roof windows because it seems like a considerable extra cost? then read on! replacing your roof windows is neither as expensive nor as time-consuming as you may think. it all comes down to planning the process and budgeting. here's all you need to know about the cost of replacing your roof windows. read the article the costs of adding roof windows to a room - how to budget for your daylight upgradeadding more daylight from above is a very impactful way to transform your home. yet many believe that adding roof windows is both time-consuming and costly. we're here to tell you otherwise.  

adding roof windows is not as expensive and complicated as you might think. it all comes down to good planning and budgeting. here's all you need to know about the costs of adding roof windows and how to budget for this home project. read the articlethe velux energy guidevelux has a long history of transforming indoor spaces with natural light and fresh air. with a focus on sustainability, improving energy efficiency in our homes remains essential. roof windows are an effective solution to help reduce energy consumption for heating, cooling, and lighting.read the articlediscover secrets and architectural tipsvelux sponsors alan cumming's paradise homesexperience the world’s most idyllic self-build homes with velux and discovery's new 5-part tv show, alan cumming's paradise homes.find out moreimportant safety warning 
risk of electrical fault in velux flat roof window posing risk of injury. please check if you have any of the affected products here.
attention: only velux flat roof windowsread moremake sustainable choices for you, your family and our planetread moreget startedget free design adviceget installation serviceroof window configuratorvelux blinds shopvelux spare parts shopvelux roof window shopfind a dealerfind an installerabout veluxabout ushistorysustainabilitycareerspress & newsnewsletterfor professionalsvelux commercialdealersinstallersarchitectshousebuildersfind out morecataloguesce markingvelux guaranteeroof window sizesarticlescustomer servicemyveluxtrack your orderregister a returnwindow registrationhelp and supporttype signproduct warningshowroomlegallegal informationprivacy noticecookie policylegal noticewhistleblowermodern slavery statementvelux group - copyright 2025





