  





blauer: police uniform store, apparel and gear for police


















































                















  the store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled.    javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.  for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.        order tracking
store locatorcustomer service

catalogs
contact us
faqs
gift cards
return & exchange
sales rep contact request
size guide
warranty policy
 toggle nav           menu  professionpoliceshirtspantsjacketsvest carrierssafety vestsbootsshirtspantsjacketsvest carrierssafety vestsbootssheriff & correctionalshirtspantsjacketsshirtspantsjacketspostaltacticalshirtspantsjacketsvest carriersbootsshirtspantsjacketsvest carriersbootssecurityshirtspantsjacketsshirtspantsjacketsemsshirtspantsjacketsbootsshirtspantsjacketsbootshazmatfireclass a & bfr shirts & pantsjob shirtspolos & t-shirtsjacketsbootsclass a & bfr shirts & pantsjob shirtspolos & t-shirtsjacketsbootsbike & motorpoliceshirtspantsjacketsvest carrierssafety vestsbootsshirtspantsjacketsvest carrierssafety vestsbootstacticalshirtspantsjacketsvest carriersbootsshirtspantsjacketsvest carriersbootsemsshirtspantsjacketsbootsshirtspantsjacketsbootsfireclass a & bfr shirts & pantsjob shirtspolos & t-shirtsjacketsbootsclass a & bfr shirts & pantsjob shirtspolos & t-shirtsjacketsbootssheriff & correctionalshirtspantsjacketsshirtspantsjacketssecurityshirtspantsjacketsshirtspantsjacketshazmatbike & motorpostaluniformsshirtsclass a & b shirtsarmorskin base shirtstactical shirtspolos & t-shirtshi-vis shirtsfr shirtsclass a & b shirtsarmorskin base shirtstactical shirtspolos & t-shirtshi-vis shirtsfr shirtsvest carrierswomen's uniformsshirtspantsshirtspantspantsclass a & b pantstactical pantsshortsfr pantsclass a & b pantstactical pantsshortsfr pantssafety vestsbase layersclass a coats & pantssweaterscoveralls & jumpsuitsshirtsclass a & b shirtsarmorskin base shirtstactical shirtspolos & t-shirtshi-vis shirtsfr shirtsclass a & b shirtsarmorskin base shirtstactical shirtspolos & t-shirtshi-vis shirtsfr shirtspantsclass a & b pantstactical pantsshortsfr pantsclass a & b pantstactical pantsshortsfr pantsbase layerssweatersvest carrierssafety vestsclass a coats & pantscoveralls & jumpsuitswomen's uniformsshirtspantsshirtspantsouterwearjackets & coatsfleece & softshellsinsulated pantsrainwearhi vis jacketssystem outerwearjackets & coatsfleece & softshellsinsulated pantsrainwearhi vis jacketssystem outerwearfootwearmen's bootswomen's bootssocks & insolesmen's bootswomen's bootssocks & insolesaccessorieshatsglovesbeltssuspendersbagsedc gearduty & molle gearhoods & hat covershatsglovesbeltssuspendersbagsedc gearduty & molle gearhoods & hat coversinnovationsarmorskinflexrssupershirttenxflexproflexforceboa fit systemstreetgear flexresponder fr with glenguardarmorskinflexrssupershirttenxflexproflexforceboa fit systemstreetgear flexresponder fr with glenguardsaleshirtspantsouterwearfootwearaccessorieswomen'sshirtspantsouterwearfootwearaccessorieswomen's account  my cart    free shipping on any us order over $150  sign in  searchsearch search     free shipping on orders of $150 or more                                   shop shirts       shop pants      shop outerwear      shop boots            - best sellers -           flexheat™ winter base shirt #8374   $105.99     add to cart        flexrs™ covert tactical pant #8666   $98.99     add to cart        flexrs™ armorskin® xp #8360xp   $152.99     add to cart      new       spar boot #fw076   $119.99     add to cart        superlight™ hi-vis shell jacket #9870v   $302.99     add to cart      new       beat boot #fw066   $183.99     add to cart - uniform shirts that last -             best of blauer    rift 6" bootthe most comfortable boots made are by blauer! hands down! i’ve tried many others and these blow em away! very pleased. - richard j. best of blauer    polyester armorskin® xplove this armorskin. it’s so much lighter than conventional carriers, fits great and looks fantastic. so much more comfortable to wear for long periods of time - richard a. best of blauer    flexrs™ covert tactical pantbusiness tactical. they are very comfortable, and the hidden cargo pockets are spacious and don't get in the way when sitting. fabric is durable, yet soft and stretchy. fits true to size. - victor d.       sourcewell, a member-focused public cooperative of more than 50,000 member agencies throughout the united states, has awarded blauer manufacturing co., inc. the cooperative purchasing contract for uniforms and related services as of june 2020.  the primary purpose of sourcewell - a municipal contracting agency operating as a public entity under minnesota statute 123a.21 - is to create a national cooperative of contract purchasing opportunities for products and services on behalf of its members to save them time and money in their search for equipment for their agency.      create the look ×on-the-go comfortour superlight shell jacket is part of our system outerwear line. pick the perfect liner for your needs for flexible outdoor comfort. featuring...- waterproof zippered pockets- breathable b.dry membrane- napoleon pocket storage         new       superlight™ shell jacket #9870   $286.99     add to cart        streetgear flex side pocket cotton blend pants #8810t   $101.99     add to cart  ×creating a tactical advantageconceal your body armor with the modern tactical look of the armorskin® xp carrier. featuring...- hidden, zippered plate pockets- stretch side mesh panels- reinforced ripstop material           short sleeve polyester armorskin® base shirt #8372   $60.99     add to cart  ×embrace the downpourdurable, lightweight and breathable rainwear! protect yourself and your gear, and stay dry from head to toe with...- water resistant, fleece-lined hats- jackets with waterproof zip-storage for easy, secure gear access- ultra comfortable, breathable and waterproof patrol boots         sale       flexheat™ ball cap #183     $18.39    was $22.99     add to cart      new       superlight™ flex shell jacket #9818   $311.99     add to cart        rift 8" waterproof boot #fw038wp   $176.99     add to cart  ×ultimate rainwearwaterproof at it's best! stay dry with the b. dry reversible rain jacket. featuring...  - waterblock technology comfortably seals to your body at the collar and cuffs - ansi 107-2020 type p class 3 certified hi-vis on one side - zip side opening for easy duty belt access           b.dry® reversible rain jacket #236   $225.99     add to cart      sale       stretch fitted cap #182     $12.79    was $15.99     add to cart  ×stepping in quick with riftnow available in coyote tan! rift police boot are double zippered for the perfect fit every time. featuring...- durable ykk zippers with achilles assist opening- breathable, reinforced ripstop fabric- no-slip, all-terrain outsoles           rift 6" boot #fw036   $162.99     add to cart  ×getting dirty with gearenhanced performance, designed to survive. stay prepared from head to toe with outerwear and gear that are...- waterproof and breathable- wash-and-wear ready- adaptable with a clean, professional look           techlite™ rain pants #9734   $149.99     add to cart        welcome to blauer, the premier first responder uniform store. we are proud to be the leading provider of exceptional blauer uniforms, apparel, and accessories for public safety professionals. first responders face unknown challenges everyday. blauer makes innovative and comfortable first responder uniforms and first responder gear that you can count on to get the job done.
with over 80 years of experience, blauer is committed to attention to detail as well as your comfort and safety. we have revolutionized the fit, form, and function of our uniform shirts, uniform pants and uniform essentials with leading uniform and fabric technology, ensuring that every blauer product reflects our decades of expertise and dedication. our focus on quality craftsmanship ensures that every blauer uniform is durable, reliable, and will stand up to the rigors of your daily duties.
experience serious protection and discover the blauer difference that has earned us the trust of front-line heroes everywhere. explore the blauer uniforms store for a wide selection of the best police uniforms, best tactical uniforms, best firefighter uniforms, best ems uniforms and more in the public safety industry.
__
as the leading police uniforms store, we understand the importance of providing exceptional service to our customers. our knowledgeable staff is ready to assist you in finding the ideal blauer uniform essentials to meet you or your departments’ specific requirements. find a blauer uniforms store near you, discover your blauer sales representative, or contact us for more information.
       

about us

company history
blauer ww fashion
20 aberdeen st.boston, ma 02215



customer service

returns & exchange
warranty policy
shipping policy
order tracking
faqs
sales rep contact
gift cards
contact us
(800) 225-6715
m-th 9a - 5p est,f 9a - 4p est



learn

size guides
videos
catalogs
technology
blog
press releases


 get exclusive offers and updates from blauer get exclusive offers and updates stay in touch

facebook
twitter
youtube
instagram
 © blauer manufacturing co., inc.

privacy policy
terms of use
             