



abc limousine of fort lauderdale and miami | save online












































































 









home
about us

our fleet


rates
reservation
services
blog
contact










 




















airport 
							transfers 
							 



parties and 
							special events 
							 



wedding
services
 




























thank you for connecting with us, we will respond to you shortly





11




0%



https://limoway.com/wp-content/plugins/nex-formsfalsemessagehttps://limoway.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.phphttps://limoway.comyes1fadeinfadeout



defaultquick rate request form or click to call 954-475-1590pickup datepickup timepassengers--- select ---1-2 people3-5 people6-10  people10-15 people15+service type--- select ---hourly / as directedairport / port servicenameemail addresspickup locationdelivery locationget an instant quote







our limousine fleet
 black stretched limousinesblack sedan limousinessuv limousineslimousine vans 







professional, knowledgeable, personal, discreet
professional limo service from fort lauderdale to palm beach for 23 years.
abc limousine and airport service have been offering premier miami limousine and airport limo service since 1989 to all of south florida including miami, ft. lauderdale and palm beach, florida. abc limousine is a full transportation company that specializes in miami limousine and airport services to and from fll, mia, pbi to fort lauderdale, miami, miami beach, west palm beach and all of their surrounding south florida cities. for all of your limousine and airport needs consider abc limousine as your preferred limousine and airport service in the miami, ft. lauderdale and west palm beach area.
special discounts for miami limo, fort lauderdale limo, and palm beach limo services!
read more 






   latest testimonials    “thank you for the great limousine service from the airport. it was a great price and the driver was very professional.” james hariss      prev next  





looking to book a limousine for your next event?
click here and get started


latest blog posts





 
august 7, 2014
limo service for any eventwhen you think about traveling in style and comfort, what is the first thing that comes into your mind? i would…

			read more		





 
august 7, 2014
special limousine service in miami with abc limousinespecial limousine service in miami with abc limousine the demands and needs of a city like miami, florida, has recognized the…

			read more		





 
august 7, 2014
fast reliable cruise limo serviceabc limousine fort lauderdale service offers cruise port limo service, serving with quality transportation port everglades (fort lauderdale’s seaport), and…

			read more		



1 2 3 »next 


 





 

abc limousine
300 s pine island road
suite # 223
plantation, fl 33324

areas we specializeaventura limo
boca raton limo
fort lauderdale limo
miami limo
miami beach limo
palm beach limo
connect with us

facebook
google+
linkedin
twitter

find us on facebook 

find us on facebook

 





© 2017 abc limousine of fort lauderdale and miami by karl jonesdesigned by  ww web design studios | privacy policy |  agents

















 


















































































