




































    whelping assistance | whelpwise | wheat ridge, co
  




















               


 



   

reservation form

  

shop now




       home



  services



  faqs



  premature labor in canines



  articles


   supply list





  reservation form



  whelpwise graduates


   what breeders are saying





  contact












    
 





       the go-to source for veterinarians and breeders

   over 30 years of experienceno phone line needed!!! 
data is transmitted by wifi!!!

   

shop now


   

(303) 423-3429







   
 whelping supplies and services for veterinarians and breeders

veterinary perinatal specialties has been providing obstetrical products and services to veterinarians and breeders since 1997. over those years, we have helped manage more than 60,000 whelping through our
whelpwise service. we currently manage both normal and high-risk whelping and have developed effective protocols for premature labor management.the
whelpwise service was developed by karen copley; a registered nurse that has specialized in high-risk human pregnancies for most of her human career. when karen identified a need for closer monitoring of labor and delivery in the veterinary world, she developed
whelpwise, to specifically support dog breeders. the
whelpwise service is only offered in conjunction with a licensed veterinarian and is available to clients on service 24 hours a day/365 days a year.if you would like to reserve your
whelpwise service, please complete the reservation form by clicking on the link in the upper right-hand corner of our website. we encourage early reservations as we are frequently on a waiting list. if you need service urgently, please call us so we can address your needs immediately.veterinary perinatal specialties also offers a diverse selection of hard-to-find whelping supplies that are both what you need for the whelping, as well as offering whelping supplies at reasonable prices.please take a moment to read through our articles, look over our supplies and see what we have that you might find helpful for your next whelping.﻿oh and.....we are able to send data by wifi.....no phone line needed!!!
 we are unable to offer consults for problem whelpings unless you are on
whelpwise.


   contact us for information about our services for catsclick here →

 we are currently researching horses - contact us to learn moreclick here →






       discover essential whelping supplies from our selection.

  

view shop





     
      







 call us today | 24/7 service







    learn more about our whelpwise service for veterinarians and breeders.

  

(303) 423-3429




    contact us today to take advantage of our exclusive, one-on-one service for clients.

     

contact us


   

(303) 423-3429







       testimonials


  




   ★★★★★
i've used this service since 1997. they saved a litter of six by letting me know my dam was in pre-term labor. besides letting me know what i can't see in my dams during labor, they can offer help with difficult breedings and compromised neonates. i would not breed a litter without their help.
- marceline g.

 ★★★★★
excellent service! they have saved at least one puppy from all of our problem litters! have learned so much from them. 24/7 7 guidance. friendly staff. they are extremely wise and experienced.! i won’t whelp without then!
- maggi p.

 ★★★★★
quite certain, i would have lost my entire litter had i not had whelpwise on service for my current litter. preterm labor is not fun to deal with, but with the expertise of whelpwise and staff, i have 7 beautiful portuguese water dog puppies on ground! thank you karen, ada, anette, kim, carrie, & ericka! you were all so wonderful and caring and knowledgeable.
- candace s. r.



  

view more!








       


 contact
phone:  

(303) 423-3429
email:  

wlpwise@aol.com
follow us:
    





 location
address:  9111 w 38th ave, wheat ridge, co 80033
service area:  worldwide
hours of operation:  24 hours a day, 7 days a week



     © 2025 
all rights reserved | whelpwise






















































































































  
  share by:









