



forensic genealogy book homepage

















xx






xx






xxx






join us for our weekly photo-quiz!






march 2015 - april 2015upcoming events






xxx






xxx






xxx






xxx










out if they are from the same roll, or the backs to place them in chronological order? have you considered looking at a city directory to figure out if your ancestor and his wife lost any children? how about using dna analysis to tie your family to the history and politics of a religious conflict? click here for more information on forensic genealogy.dna & genealogy follows with the details on what dna analysis is and how it can be used to reach beyond conventional documentation to find new family relationships. dna & genealogy has something for everyone, the basics for "newbies" just getting their feet wet, as well as info on cladograms and surname structure for experienced researchers already administering their own surname studies. everyone will enjoy the interesting sidebars on "dna in the news" and "weird dna" that include explanations of cloning, gene, descriptions of the dna analysis of the tyrolean ice man and the specifics of exo-biology dna. click here for more information on dna & genealogy.our 30 best photoquizzes cd is based on the weekly forensic photo quizzes we host on our website. whether you take advantage of the hint provided with each quiz, or you head straight for the answer, you will learn fascinating new techniques you can use to analyze your family pictures.  you will never look at an old photograph the same way again! click here for more information on 30 best photoquizzes cd. 



xx






xx



 



 
 



order your copies today!



forensic genealogy and dna & genealogy and 30 best photo quizzes are must-haves for any genealogist interested in creative ways of solving family mysteries.forensic scientists and genealogists share the same goal–to find out who was who, and who did what and when. in explaining how to analyze photographs, to mine databases, and to use dna analysis to reveal family history, forensic genealogy emphasizes the creative parts of an investigation over the mechanics. have you ever thought of looking at the edges of old photographs to find 








 



forensic genealogy



     
 
    


about colleen



 


learn about forensic genealogylisten to colleennational public radio features forensic genealogyon its talk of the nation broadcastjuly 26, 2005click here.



forensic scientists and genealogists share the same goal–to find out who was who, and who did what and when. in explaining how to analyze photographs, to mine databases, and to use dna analysis to reveal family history, forensic genealogy emphasizes the creative parts of an investigation over the mechanics. 



what is forensic genealogy?






forensic genealogy, revised edition andthe dna detective (stand-alone chapter)are now available.buy your copies today!click here.






quizmasterrogues gallery






interviews






past appearances






magazinearticles






bookstore






upcoming events






photoquiz surveys






links






weekly quiz






forensic id projects






about us






contact us






**********









if you enjoy our quizzes, don't forget to order our books!click here.



!-- start quantcast tag -->










info on calculating the time of day and day of the year based on the shadows in a photograph. click here.






to learn about your dna results and how to generate a cladogram, click here.






read publisher's weekly article january 12, 2009 on how colleen worked with sharon sergeant and dr. ken waltzer to expose the herman rosenblat holocaust fraud.






rte ireland nationwide tv interview with colleen and other members of the team that identified the remains found in the 1948 alaskan plane crash. click here.






for full details,click here.






read orange county register interviews with colleen october 5-8, 2009 about her work on identifying benjaman kyle (a four part series about forensic genealogy.) click here.






colleen fitzpatrick featured as the dna detective in more magazine, may 2010. a former nuclear physicist, colleen fitzpatrick once designed equipment for nasa to send to jupiter. now she scours the earth for missing persons, dead or alive.  read more.






if you would like to read more about some of the fascinating forensic casework i have been involved in, check out my other website at www.identifinders.com and my blog at http://identifinders.wordpress.com








see what's new on our blog!click here.






read cnn justice jan 10, 2012: dna links 1991 killing to colonial era family==> read how colleen's forensic genealogy helps kings co. sheriff department with investigation of 1991 cold case <==






march 26-march 30, 201514th australasian congress ongenealogy and heraldrycanberra, australianot just the facts ma'amgive me the big picturegenealogy and the six degrees of separation - how to find anyone in the worlda different kind of dna talkcontact:  kerry grayckgrays@gmail.com*****march 31, 2015the historical and genealogical societyof canberra (hagsoc)7/41 templeton streetcook act 2601australiathe secrets of abraham lincoln's dnacontact:  kerry grayckgrays@gmail.com*****tuesday, april 7, 2015society of australian genealogists2/379 kent streetsydney, nsw 2000australiawww.sag.org.au10:30 am - forensic genealogy2:00 pm - the unknown child on the titaniccontact:  heather garnseyexecofficer@sag.org.au*****april 9, 20157:30 pmbotany bay family history societytradies, 57 manchester roadgymea, nsw 2227australiawww.bbfhs.org.au/forensic genealogy:  csi meets rootscontact:  john helyhelygang@zip.com.au*****april 12, 20151:00 - 4:00 pmvicgum andthe genealogy society of victoriamt waverley vic 3149australiaa different kind of dna talkhow dna can help youwith your family historycontact:  doug elmslelms@labyrinth.net.au*****april 15, 2015south australiangenealogy & heraldry societywww.genealogysa.org.auhow dna can help youwith your family historythe secrets of abraham lincoln's dnacontact:  nancy baldocknan24b@adam.com.au*****april 18, 20159:00 - 12:30 pmqueensland family history society inc and the genealogical society of queensland inc.www.gsq.org.aust joseph’s college285 gregory terracespring hill, queensland 4000australiaforensic genealogy—csi meets rootsyou will never look at your old photos  the same way againthe database detectivecontact:  sue reidsmreid@tpg.com.au*****






sunday march 8, 20151:00 pmdna identification of missing identitychildren from the holocaustjewish genealogy society of san diegolawrence family jewish com center4126 executive drivela jolla, ca  92037contact:  marge kealeymjkealey@yahoo.com






monday, april 20, 20153:30 - 8:30 pmauckland central city librarywhare wananga level 2auckland, new zealand3.30 pm - 4.30 pmforensic genealogy: csi meets roots5:00 pm - 6:00 pmadoption searches: how to find someone if you don’t know his name6.30pm - 7.30pm  the "unknown child" of the titanic – identified?contact:  central auckland research center09 307 7771






friday, april 25, 201512:00 noona different kind of dna talkorange county mayflower society18050 brookhurst stfountain valley, ca  92708contact:  erica hahn








