








ncls research




































home




about




about ncls research
ncls research explores australian spirituality, church health, effective and resilient leadership, and the connections between church and community. the most well known five-yearly project is called the national church life survey, which has had millions of participants.

learn more







about us




our team




board and partners




subscribe




contact us
































 




research




research
 find out about our research programs and diverse projects.  we can answer your research questions or help with quality custom research. 

learn more







research agenda




services




projects




library




























 




insights




insights
more than 30 years of research on  australian churches and community give strong foundations for insights.

learn more







churches




church life and health




churchgoers




leadership




community




spirituality




studies of religion




schools











church size and growth
church activities
denominations
enliven churches project




faith nurture
worship & music
belonging & involvement
service & advocacy
faith sharing
vision  & direction
innovation
empowering leadership




church background
age
gender
ethnicity
education
work life
values and attitudes




leadership demographics
leadership  development
resilient leadership




australians and church
understand a community
australian community surveys




spiritual and religious profile
spirituality and wellbeing
student spirituality













 




church surveys




church surveys
a range of survey tools designed to help grow church health, support community connections and strenthen effective leadership practices.


learn more







ministry measures




church health check




church life survey




local community survey




leader surveys



















order a church life survey
run a church life survey
promote your church life survey
view your profile of results
faqs




order a local community survey
run a local community survey









 




school surveys




school surveys
understand the spiritual beliefs, attitudes and practices of your students and the impact of your school activities on their faith. developed by ncls research, this survey is based on more than 30 years of experience in world-class research into faith, church life and spirituality.

learn more







student spiritual life survey











order a student spiritual life survey
ssls faqs
after a student spiritual life survey
school testimonials





 




national surveys




national surveys
ncls research have been running national surveys in churches and in the wider community for over 30 years.

learn more







australian community surveys




national church life surveys




international church life surveys




2021 ncls




























 




shop




shop


learn more



 
























ncls research is a world leader in research focused on connecting churches and their communities. decades of rigorous and thoughtful research has examined wellbeing, spirituality and church health. our vision is for thriving christian communities understanding their role and mission within a changing society.
 
discover ncls
 
 








 








 
local churches:
a new suite of survey tools available at any time
 
learn more     view church life profile
 








 
schools:
the student spiritual life survey is available now and for 2025!
 
more details     online information sessions
 







 
latest research findings
 














cost of living top stressor for australians    

what causes australians stress? in previous years covid-19, fires and floods spiked the stress charts, now 'cost of living' is a major stressor. in the 2024 australian community survey, we asked australians how stressed they have felt in the past month and delved deeper into what was causing their stress.

the highest stressors? cost of living was the top response reported by six in ten australians, followed by health concerns and family relationships. 
















half of australians report high stress    

resilience and wellbeing is one of the themes of the australian community survey (acs).   high stress levels can be a source of negative wellbeing.  in the 2024 acs, we asked australians how stressed they have felt in the past month and what they felt was causing their stress. results reveal that 46% - nearly half of australians- scored themselves a 7 or above out of 10, an increase from 40% in 2022.
 
















six in ten australians say they're happy    

happiness is one aspect of personal wellbeing. results from the 2024 australian community survey show that six in ten australians, 61%, rated themselves as happy or very happy, over the last year.  around a quarter of respondents said they were neither happy nor unhappy. 
















more gen z men find meaning in christianity    

the long-term research evidence is that women tend to be more religious than men. so, when it was reported in september 2024 in the ny times that “in a first among christians, young men are more religious than young women”,  ncls researchers used data from our annual australian community survey to check if that trend exists in australia.  





 







latest news and features
ncls research is pleased to launch a new range of survey tools for local churches
 

 
 
 
 

    learn more

 
 










 






















innovation in church life: watch now    

free webinar exploring new church plants, initiatives and gatherings around australiawe're delighted to invite you to view a free webinar where we launch the results of our first 'new churches snapshot report for 2024', as well as present our latest research findings on innovation in church life. sponsored by baptist financial services and exponential australia. 


                    read more


















do you know about a church plant or new gathering?    

share with others in the new churches project!can you contribute to the new churches project which aims to support the australian church to invest in new churches or gatherings? 


                    read more


















student spiritual life survey    

a survey to understand the spiritual beliefs, attitudes and practices of your students and the impact of your schoolunderstand the spiritual beliefs, attitudes and practices of your students and the impact of your school activities on their faith. developed by ncls research, this survey is based on more than 30 years of experience in world-class research into faith, church life and spirituality. 


                    read more


















church life survey    

anytime, any church can order a church life survey!you can discover valuable insights about your church through a church life survey anytime. 
it is simple to run, and in only 20 minutes, enables your church to assess your church health, discover and build on your strengths, and determine priorities and future directions. 


                    read more






 







 
recent publications
 








innovation in church life: insights from the 2021 national church life survey 
more info 






comparing australian church attenders by atsi origin 
more info 






a snapshot of new churches in australia: 2024 
more info 






thriving and resilient leadership in australian local churches 
more info 






church attender profile-singles 
more info 






global aid, justice and mission: views and actions of australian church attenders and churches 
more info 






church attender profile-australian attenders 
more info 






church attender profile-women 
more info 






church attender profile-generation z 
more info 






church attender profile-newcomers 
more info 






development of emerging leaders in australian local churches 
more info 






disability inclusion, provision and care: trends in local churches from 2016 to 2021 
more info 

 







 
additional resources
 
 







 
about churches about churchgoers about leaders about the community

 
about spirituality research surveys 2021 ncls
 
 







 













 
subscribe to our newsletter
to stay up-to-date on our latest surveys, insights and resources.
 
subscribe now
 
 
 







 
 
 







additional resources...

about churches
about churchgoers
about leaders
about the community
about spirituality
research
surveys
2021 ncls

 
 
about us

research services
researchers and staff
current projects
board of governors
contact us

 
ncls research
ncls research is a world leader in research focused on connecting churches and their communities. decades of rigorous and thoughtful work has examined wellbeing, spirituality and church health. our most well known five-yearly project is called the national church life survey, which has had millions of participants.
 








     
 








    © 2025 ncls research. all rights reserved. privacy policy

 



















