

























































    supporting the very best in senior services
  












          


  


     

call us

  

email us







       






 



       








         

supporting the very best in senior services.


   
help us make a difference in the lives of seniors  

norwood life care foundation (nlcf) is a non-profit, 501(c3) organization that supports the very best in senior services at norwood crossing and norwood seniors network. we are truly honored to be a part of this norwood life society and look forward to continuing to help provide support and charitable care to even more seniors going forward. thank you so much for your steadfast support!to learn more about the work we're doing, please visit:norwood crossingnorwood seniors networknorvolutionnorwood park senior centernorwood life society thrift shop 
would you like to help us continued to support the very best in senior services? click the button below to make a secure, tax-free gift.
contact us directly or call us at 773-577-5308. or, you can download
the charitable gift form.you do not need a paypal account to make a donation, you may securely use a credit or debit card once you click the link below.

 


click the image below to read the norwood life care foundation 2022-23 annual report.
 





    click here to see our 2023 donor list. thank you for your continued support! 


norwood life care foundation board of directorschairperson:
timothy kellyvice chairperson: george silcasecretary/treasurer: doris papeboard members: ingrid forsberg, linda horowitz, david hoyem, kim kidd, lars ohrstromnorwood life society ceo: silvia moricinorwood life society cfo: richard steffensphilanthropy officer: jennifer sigmond










       resident donors spotlight
we thought it would be nice to hear from a couple norwood crossing residents who also happen to be donors and volunteers for our organization. we appreciate all they have done for us and the other residents in the care of norwood crossing and norwood seniors network. feel free to scroll down and get to know these amazing residents! lowell




   
meet lowell. lowell has lived at norwood crossing for 8 years after moving with his wife from central illinois to be closer to their daughter. lowell wears many hats here:  resident, donor, volunteer and all-around expert. lowell is a retired university of illinois biology professor and keeps very busy continuing research on various subjects – currently detailing civil war naval battles - and building up u of i’s academic archives with his findings. ask him anything; he is a fount of information!lowell enjoys his roomy apartment at norwood crossing and getting to know his fellow residents and their histories. he also likes the parties with live entertainment and says this year’s october fest was really great. lowell especially appreciates the staff members here and, ever the academic, encourages them to continue their educations. lowell is very proud of former norwood cnas who are now enrolled in or graduating from nursing school – and so are we!lowell is also active in the greater norwood neighborhood. he walks at least 2 miles every morning and has made friends with children and their parents going to the grammar school across the street and with neighbors heading to the commuter train. he also volunteers with a local sewing group to iron “little dresses for africa.” he says he likes “contributing to make little kids happy.”contributing is a way of life for lowell.  he supports the norwood life care foundation, saying “if my donations help out the programs and services, and i’m able to do it, i like to help.” nancy


nancy has lived at norwood crossing for 7 years.  she and patricia were founding members of our poetry circle and nancy still leads that resident get-together every week.  they study poetry and poets and recite verses.  nancy is excited to introduce poetry composition in 2025 to motivate our own resident poets.  attendance at the poetry circle has been steady and growing since it began in spring 2018 (pandemic notwithstanding) and residents tell us it’s inspiring, thought provoking and relaxing.nancy is also active in norwood crossing’s garden club and, as a retired librarian, helps keep our library organized.  she enjoys the music and meditation programs, chaplain dale’s spiritual programs, and has participated in all the fall fashion shows.  she also loves the outings to local lunch spots and shops.  in fact, our thrift shop across the street is one of her favorites – she says “i just love the place and the wonderful volunteers who run it and make me feel like solid gold when i’m there!”while she appreciates the programs we’re able to provide because of donors like you, nancy is also a donor to the norwood life care foundation.  she explains it’s important to her to “give back some of the love and tender care that’s been given to (her) by the amazing care givers” at norwood crossing and norwood seniors network.we are grateful to lowell, nancy and all the donors who support our nonprofit mission. if you're looking for a great way to support a great cause, look no furhter. you gifts will help support our charitable mission and touch the lives of so many. 
click here to make your tax-free gift today!

click here to return to the norwood life care foundation site.




   norwood life society board of directorschairperson: richard bertholdvice chairperson: timothy kellysecretary/treasurer: michael schaikboard members: nan brouilette, dirk danker, allison getz (imm. past chair), ingrid forsberg,
howard hamilton, maureen mcguire, martha peterson, george silcanorwood life society ceo: silvia moricinorwood life society cfo: richard steffens



     

call us


 norwood life society6016-20 n. nina avenue, chicago, illinois 60631 telephone: 773-631-4856email usfax: 773-631-4850   © 2025 
all rights reserved | norwood life society



     






























































































  
  share by:








