




phedar nursery – plant nursery

































skip to content


phedar nursery

			plant nursery		




menu					 
close					 


contact us
hellebores
peoniesopen menu
other plants
booksopen menu
music
shipping and returns
peony prints and postcards
crib(bage)
 














we are phedar research and experimental nursery.
the website is gradually being revised so do not be surprised if you notice one or two inconsistencies.
we supply authentic species and some hybrid hellebore plants, authentic species and some hybrid woody peony plants (mudan), a few authentic species and hybrid herbaceous peony plants and a small serendipitous assemblage of other plants that have taken our interest. we also supply seeds of these plants.
our main objective has been to resolve classification and nomenclature problems in the genus helleborus and the genus paeonia. two seminal books indicate some success. to do this meaningfully requires true species specimens with impeccable wild provenance. some of these plants that are surplus to our study requirements, and some exceptional cultivated hybrids that we grow for comparisons, are available for sale. this finances our research and our fieldwork. we do not buy in plants for resale and we rarely propagate plants specifically for sale.
phedar nursery is not a ‘normal’ commercial nursery and this is unlike most commercial horticultural websites. the usual pick, click and pay facility is absent. orders are done by direct email to mclewin@phedar.com and may sometimes need several steps to get the plants you are looking for. if you persist, what you will find is not readily available elsewhere. books, prints and one or two unexpected items are simpler.








searchsearch

recent posts
hellebore plants



recent comments
carey kaack on hellebore plantsjon riley on hellebore plants
archives february 2022
categories uncategorised

 







																						phedar nursery																		
privacy policy

				proudly powered by wordpress.			



we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept










 














