






xemacs: the next generation of emacs




















                          english


german


japanese






america


asia


australia


europe








 



    


searching xemacs







help


quick links

download
xemacs in gsoc
faq
mailing lists
documentation
people
how to help
bugs
links

about xemacs

mailing lists
status of services
near future
history of xemacs
xemacs vs. gnu emacs
screenshots
sites created with xemacs
year 2000 statement
who wrote xemacs?
xemacs contributors
website

getting xemacs

download
optional libraries
installation howtos
quickstart package guide
documentation
installation resources
releases

customizing xemacs

xemacs packages
other interesting sites
customization links

troubleshooting xemacs

faq
reporting bugs
troubleshooting resources
debugging

developing xemacs

how to help
xemacs in gsoc
open issues
who wrote xemacs?
xemacs contributors
dev team responsibilities
architecting xemacs



    
 


what is xemacs?

    xemacs is a highly customizable open source text editor and
    application development system.  it is licensed under the gnu
    public license and related to other versions of emacs, in
    particular
    gnu emacs.
    its emphasis is on modern graphical user
    interface support and an open software development model, similar
    to linux.  xemacs runs on windows 95 and nt, linux and nearly
    every other version of unix in existence. support for xemacs 
    was supplied by sun microsystems, 
    university of illinois,
    lucid, etl/electrotechnical laboratory,
    amdahl corporation, beopen, and others, as well as the unpaid
    time of a great number of individual developers.
xemacs community news

2023-08-08


	administering the xemacs mailing lists, https://list-archive.xemacs.org/
	has been difficult for several years, given the limited support of
	mailman3 for integrating spam filtering and its limited support on the
	administrative side for dealing with large volumes of spam building up
	to be deleted.
      

	running a mailing list at all for xemacs is no longer relevant given
	how common use of gmail is for
	receiving email, and the 
	extreme difficulty in having gmail accept forwarded email in a
	reliable manner. the volume of spam received by the xemacs lists means
	that eventually some will get through to gmail, and that endangers
	further mail delivery to gmail from the forwarding mail server. 

	as a result, i do not plan to reactivate the xemacs mailing
	lists. please post discussion to the newsgroup comp.emacs.xemacs
	, also available as https://groups.google.com/g/comp.emacs.xemacs on google groups.
      

2023-05-17


        as of 2020, xemacs development moved to heptapod (thank you mike
	sperber, thank you heptapod). the relevant mercurial repositories are
        available under https://foss.heptapod.net/xemacs/;
        most importantly, the current development trunk is available to check
        out under https://foss.heptapod.net/xemacs/xemacs. please
        use the issue tracker there for bug reports.
      


2023-05-13


        xemacs 21.5 beta 35 "kohlrabi" has been released. see the release notes for
        more details.
      

2017-03-11


	since the late 1990s, before spam became the problem it is at the
	moment, we have offered @xemacs.org addresses to participants in the
	project. following the infrastructure problems of 2016, these
	haven't in general been restored—most of them function more as
	spam traps rather than legitimate email addresses.
      

	should you have had an @xemacs.org address and should you like to
	have it restored, get in touch with me at kehoea@parhasard.net.
      

current xemacs core releases

    problem reports and requests for enhancement may be filed at the
    new xemacs issue tracking system.
  

    xemacs 21.4 has been promoted to stable, and the xemacs
    21.1 series has been retired.  for those with classic taste, these
    historical releases
    are still available.  we will continue to support, at a lower
    level, 21.1 users.  see the
    announcement of 21.4.12 for
    details.
  


stable branch:
21.4.22
beta branch:
21.5.35


xemacs download locations
installation instructions

current xemacs package releases

    see the quickstart
    package guide for information about the xemacs package system.
    it is a feature differentiating xemacs from gnu emacs by allowing
    us to deploy bug fixes and enhancements of our lisp packages on a
    separate, usually faster, schedule than core xemacs releases.
  


official release:
2009-02-17





 


 











 






site content repository:


primary mirrors:





		      this page is part of the xemacs website
		      <https://www.xemacs.org>

		      contents copyright © 2000 -- 2017; all rights reserved.
		      missing links, inquiries about implementation, kudos to: webmaster@xemacs.org

		      discussion of xemacs features, installation, problems:
		      xemacs mailing lists

		      this page last modified wed aug  9 11:33:55 2023 utc.

		    

 





 



not conform with <!doctype html public "-//w3c//dtd xhtml 1.0 transitional//en" "http://www.w3.org/tr/xhtml1/dtd/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"> 
      automatically validated by psgml



