








the friends of coleridge - samuel taylor coleridge


















the friends of coleridge - samuel taylor coleridge





		search	
 





facebooktwitterarchive news








homeabout

committee members and officersabout the friendsdata protection
life

timelinein his own words

ottery st mary to cambridgebristol and nether stoweygermany and the lakesmalta and the mediterraneanlondon and highgate
coleridge: appearance and characterchrist's hospital
poetry & prose

poetrythe friend (1812)poetical works, corrections and additionsanima poetaeaids to reflection (1825)biographia literariatable talk
conferences

summer conferencegallery
publications

coleridge bulletina walk with coleridge around stoweythomas poole bookletthomas poole booklet
coleridge places

bristolcalnehighgatelake districtottery st marynether stoweyshrewsbury
join uslinks

coleridge wayrecommended books about coleridgevisiting coleridge countrycoleridgean linksliterary societiescoleridge cottage

national trustaccount of the acquisitioncoleridge cottage blog
site map
contact
 


skip to content











skip to content





















			home	

the friends of coleridge, founded in 1986 by david miall and rosemary cawthray, exists to foster interest in the life and works of the poet samuel taylor coleridge and his circle. we pursue our aims by publishing the journal the coleridge bulletin, by hosting a biennial summer conference, and by running events and workshops for members of the society, for schools and other institutes of education, and for the general public. membership is open to all. for details of how to subscribe please go to the join us membership page. we also welcome any enquiries.
events:
the friends of coleridge has a thriving programme of events, including in-person conferences and study weekends, and a series of digital events. click below for details of:
event with prof. tim fulford at the thomas poole library, nether stowey, 13 july - tom poole and tom wedgwood, in the quantocks and the alps
- coleridge conference 2024, 29 july-2 aug, grasmere
- digital event: 16 march 2024 - murray evans on coleridge's sublime later prose and recent theory


samuel taylor coleridge by washington allston, oil on canvas, 1814, npg 184 © national portrait gallery, london





 




latest news









 event with prof. tim fulford at the thomas poole library, nether stowey, 13 july - tom poole and tom wedgwood, in the quantocks and the alps






 friends of coleridge subscription increase 2025






 coleridge conference 2024, 29 july-2 aug, grasmere






 digital event: 16 march 2024 - murray evans on coleridge’s sublime later prose and recent theory






 talk: friends of coleridge present graham davidson on wordsworth and coleridge






 two coleridge-related events







 



















 











copyright © 2025 the friends of coleridge - samuel taylor coleridge. all rights reserved.


top








