





rv walk-thru - educational rv dvd for new rvers





google+



 


 
"join tim and sherry as they walk you through
      the need-to-know basics of your rv!"
celebrating 19 years helping rvers nationwide!
 




home 
products
contact us
testimonials
about us 




save yourself time, money, and frustration!
learn how to operate the equipment in your rv 
• have you ever been stuck at a campsite because your slide won't retract?
      • have you ever needed a hot shower, only to find you have no hot water?
      • maybe your fridge suddenly stopped working and all of your food went bad. 
with rv shop rates as high as $100.00 per hour, it makes sense to stay out
      of the shop as much as possible!
for less than 20 minutes of shop time,
      we can help you
    help yourself!
a little bit about who we are... 
      
my name is tim collard, and this is my wife sherry. we 
        are 
        the
        hosts of the critically acclaimed rv walk-thru! 
        we 
        provide a
        reliable source of valuable rv information 
        to 
        people all over north america! whether you are a new 
        rv owner or renter, our video
        will show you everything 
        you need to know to properly operate
        the equipment on 
        your motorhomes, 5th wheels, travel trailers, campers, 
      and popups of all years, makes, and models!
thanks to over 20 years as a master certified rv technician,
        my knowledge 
        and expertise are without question the highest
        quality source of 
        rv information you will find anywhere!
    join us, and get ready to become a pro! 




rv video • rv dvd • rv vhs • rv information • rv how-to • rv instruction • rv awning • rv refrigerator • rv furnace • rv technical • rv expert 




 
rv walk-thru: the basics
 
now available on
youtube!
click here! 




click here to learn more about our rv how-to video! 




dear sherry and tim collard,

      i've ordered, received, and watched your "rv walk-thru" dvd and can't say enough about how much i enjoyed it. one thing i particularly liked about the dvd was not only how to fix a problem but also knowing when an actual technician was needed. you explained everything in such an easy to understand manner with a tint of humour that can't be matched. furthermore, i'll be going back to each technical section when necessary with the confidence that i'll now be able to solve any problem myself.

what i enjoyed the most was the fact that this was an all-in-one video covering all the technical issues and not a
        $30 per article video. i saved on that fact alone. again, thanks ever so much and should you ever put out another dvd/video please let me know as i'll definitely be ordering it.

glen nairn
sherry,

your "walk thru" dvd has been extremely helpful. my wife and i and our 3 small boys just got our first rv (a '94 27' class c motorhome) and i didn't have a clue how things worked. simple things like the awning - when i first got the rig home, i extended the awning, but knew something wasn't right and couldn't figure it out. your dvd arrived a couple days later, and after watching it, i ran outside and set it up perfect in a couple minutes.

we took our maiden voyage this last weekend, with several friends who have rvs. instead of fumbling through everything and looking like a rookie, i felt like a veteran rv'er, because of your dvd.

thanks again,

lonnie




home 
products
contact us
testimonials
about us 







copyright 2004-2025 rv walk-thru™
      all rights reserved. 
www.empyreal-solar.com
www.elec-tech.ca
www.rv-info.net
www.gorving.ca








