













welcome - foundation for the law of time











































































 
 














 find your galactic signature go to the previous law of time website 























 












 

open menuwhat we do

services

new! cosmic history
our services
meditations
events


education

education for a new time
free downloadable 13 moon calendar
13 moon intro course
previous law of time website


more resources

find your galactic signature!
13 moon self-study pilot program
stopping time: a thirteen moon primer
13 moon calendar resources worldwide
more free downloads


free ezine

the galactic times: volume 0
the galactic times: volume 1




news
get involved
history
shop


what we do

services

new! cosmic history
our services
meditations
events


education

education for a new time
free downloadable 13 moon calendar
13 moon intro course
previous law of time website


more resources

find your galactic signature!
13 moon self-study pilot program
stopping time: a thirteen moon primer
13 moon calendar resources worldwide
more free downloads


free ezine

the galactic times: volume 0
the galactic times: volume 1




news
get involved
history
shop
donate



0 



items :  0subtotal : $0.00 
			view cart		

			check out		








 










state-of-mission-cover









order nowblue rhythmic storm yearjuly 26, 2024 - july 25, 2025star traveler's 13 moon almanac of synchronicity



chlove



chlove









now availablethe uninscribedinitiation into the heart of timeby stephanie south









we present thisplanetary kin reportfreely to all






9-yearvision map

opening the 9 time dimensionsactivating the noosphere




{synchronicity}

time is the universal factor of synchronization • love is the highest art of time

discover a newrelationship with time




time is the universal factor of synchronization • love is the highest art of time

{remember}

exploring inner technologies




{empower yourself}

time is the universal factor of synchronization • love is the highest art of time

an evolving humanity in thebiosphere-noospheretransition






welcometo the official website of the foundation for the law of timethe times we are living in require higher thinking. there has never in the history of the earth been a time like this. we are now participating in what is called the biosphere-noosphere transition: when life on earth (the biosphere) evolves into an awakened planetary mind (noosphere).
only by lifting our minds to planetary consciousness and beyond can we realize solutions to the multiple challenges facing our planet today. with a new consciousness we can effectively educate and mobilize humanity to an unprecedented level of creative problem solving, and realize a positive future.
at present, humanity is living in an artificial experience of time that is governed by the irregular 12-month gregorian calendar and the mechanical 60-minute clock.
living according to this irregular measure of time translates into devastating effects on space: our physical world.
a profound misconception that results from this distorted linear view of time is the belief that the third dimension is the only dimension. this perception results in people thinking that physical reality is the only reality.
by changing our relationship with time, we change our perception of ourselves and the world.
what is time? consider this:
time is not quantity counted, but rather quality experienced.
time is not what calendars and clocks make us think it is.
time is not linear, but rather fractal and holographic.
time is not money; time is art.
like gravity, time is an invisible principle, fundamental to the universe, that affects space.
time is the atmosphere of the mind.
time is the universal factor of synchronization.
correct understanding of natural time opens us to the vast realm of synchronicity and the synchronic order — it is here that we will find new solutions to the challenges that face us, both individually and globally.


the noosphere can function only by releasing more and more spiritual energy with an ever higher potential.
—teilhard de chardin, the future of man


who owns your time owns your mind; own your own time and know your own mind.
—jose arguelles/valum votan


if you want to find the secrets of the universe, think in terms of energy, frequency and vibration.
—nikola tesla

learn more about our mission and vision


our vision is a globally unified humanity living in a new time based on synchronicity, where time is art.our mission is to define and exemplify the principles of a galactic culture of peace based on the harmonic timing of the 13 moon/28-day calendar.
our mission is to assist in the exploration of the nature of time, offering unique inner technologies that expand our perceptions, bringing us into harmony with all of life and the natural cycles.
our mission is to help humanity understand and consciously participate in the planetary transformation that earth is now undergoing. this is known as the biosphere-noosphere transition.
how to begin?as stewards of the earth, it is up to each of us to assist in this planetary transition by consciously raising our own frequency into a new vibration and a new time. this, in turn, helps raise the frequency of the entire planet.
the law of time presents a vast new system of thought and perception that unifies science, spirituality and art.
the first step is to change your relationship with time. the 13 moon/28-day calendar is the simplest and most direct way to experience a new time now. beyond this, the curriculum of the law of time expands as vast and as deep as you are inspired to go.
get involved!

the biosphere-noosphere transition marks the point when the consciousness of the planet goes from the cosmic unconscious to the cosmic conscious. in the noosphere, time is art; synchronicity is normal everyday experience, and the planet will become enlightened by being transformed into a work of art.
—valum votan

news



  


noos-letter of the foundation for the law of time


this is our #1 way of communicating with you our vision, news, events and creative projects of the foundation for the law of time. if... read more 





  


invitation to a noosphere experiment


dream the future awakecalling forth a new planetary narrativebeginning now the dream that we dream is shaped by the time that we keep. —josé argüelles/valum... read more 





  


260 days of time magic: opening the portals of inner time


cosmic history self study programkin 1 – kin 260: 1.36.4.4 – 1.37.13.11october 21, 2023 – july 7, 2024cosmichistory.love a 260-day self-study pilot program will be... read more 





  


telepathic invitation to the galactic dream


o humans, dream the dream awake, for of synchronicity there can be no mistake!  —jose arguelles/valum votan you are invited to participate telepathically in anchoring... read more 





  


5th noosphere congress: integrating unified consciousness.


you are invited to the 5th noosphere congress: integrating unified consciousness.  we are convening the 5th noosphere congress to experience making our inner world visible... read more 

13 moon calendar introductory course13 moon calendar essentialsby jacob rhythmic dragonlearn to embody and apply the 13 moon calendar to your life in this self-paced video course
jacob has helped thousands of people learn the 13 moon calendar. he is a patient and thorough teacher, who can provide the necessary framework to empower you to discover the magic of this system. his unique skills come from 10 years of having worked for and studied directly with jose arguelles. i highly recommend his 13 moon calendar essentials course for beginners or anyone wanting to refresh their knowledge.
– stephanie south, creative director, foundation for the law of time
learn more & sign up now for instant access





subscribe to the noos-letterand get your free copy of "introduction to galactic consciousness: a 28-day program"!
leave this field empty if you're human: 




empower yourself!explore the many resources on this website.countless articles for further study are available on our archival website. we also publish books, calendars and almanacs for all levels of understanding, and accessible to any person from any culture, religion or background.
visit the shopmake a donationthank you for your support!the foundation for the law of time is a nonprofit public charity registered in the state of oregon, usa. if you like what we are doing and wish to see it continue, please make a donation.
donate now



thank you for visiting  contact us
foundation for the law of time
po box 156. ashland, or 97520 usa
 info@lawoftime.org
 

 13:20 : frequency : shift blogworld, synchronicity and sacred number 19. solar eclipse: synchronic decodement13 years: honoring josé argüelles,/valum votannoosphere, magical realms and the (lost) art of self-reflection 

our sister sitescosmic history
living time science
galacticspacebook
new time course
 

classic law of time website looking for a page or article on our previous lawoftime.org website? click here.
foundation for the law of time is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization registered in the state of oregon, usa.
privacy policy

 





					© foundation for the law of time				

					site design by kelly harding 









you are donating to :
foundation for the law of time


how much would you like to donate?
$20
$104
$2,600





would you like to make regular donations?
i would like to make 

one time
weekly
monthly
yearly

donation(s)


how many times would you like this to recur? (including this payment) *

2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12










name *





last name *






email *





phone






address





additional note






 

loading...




 
 


















































