










network services and managed wifi for apartments | elauwit connection




































 














				sales:
			




704.558.3099 











sales@elauwit.com



skip to content



 


primary menu


about
services
approach
resources▼

news and resources
privacy and aup
ca ccpa
careers


support center
get started
  














  



		your browser does not support html5 video
	
 






 






the better way to connect apartment communities.
fiber-based, streamlined network service and managed wifi for apartments
elauwit helps property owners transform multifamily living into a connected experience by designing apartment networks with smart, scalable infrastructure that increases property value.

read the elauwit story


 






 


 








			what do we offer?


			a lightning-fast, zero-hassle internet connectivity experience.		



elauwit’s innovative wireless solutions support all technology needs for your apartment building — providing an additional revenue stream each month and the ability to ensure residents that their wifi is always on.

discover network as a service






 

 

 



 








			how do we do it?


			seamless technology deployment and superior 5-star support.		



elauwit has you — and your apartments — covered. everything we do begins with personalized digital infrastructure and is backed by 24/7 real, responsive support from a real, responsive person.

our unique approach to internet






 

 

 



 








			what does that mean for you?


			keep your residents connected and truly delighted.		



high-speed internet for apartments is more than just an amenity. reliable, ultrafast wi-fi is the key to increasing property value, deploying technology, and giving your tenants a truly connected life.

get started with elauwit today






 

 

 



 






what our clients are saying
meeting needs. exceeding expectations.







kirk preiss, principal, the preiss company					


“our mission is to provide the ultimate living experience for our residents so we must make sure they have the ultimate internet experience. that is why we rely on elauwit to partner with us in making this happen.”






randy churchey, ceo, educational trust					


“as a publicly traded company, we took a bold step when we moved our entire portfolio of over 10,000 units into elauwit’s care. it was a great choice, and our partnership continues to expand and grow over the years.”






john sims, senior vp construction, capstone collegiate communities					


“elauwit has demonstrated on multiple sites their ability to provide network installation on time…and at a high level of quality. they also meet and exceed our resident expectations on speed, channel lineup, and customer service.”





explore additional case studies


 






let elauwit transform your property’s connectivity.
don’t diy your wi-fi. start by telling us a little about yourself and your community. then let us help you upgrade the connectivity infrastructure that will serve as your technology foundation for years to come.
looking for our support center? access our 24/7 support center!







first name(required)last name(required)email(required)

phone number(required)tell us a little bit about your community(required)captchanamethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  


























 


corporate headquarters



								109 e. 17th st.cheyenne, wy 82001							






						support
					


(704) 800-3099 

help@elauwit.com 



 








 linkedin


 



© 2025 elauwit connection, inc.



























