



hose, cord & cable reels | coxreels®


























































productsspring driven reelsez coil reelshand crank reelsmotorized reelsaccessoriesreel selectorindustriesagriculturalautomotiveaviationconstructionelectricalfire & safetyfood & chemicalhose & rubberindustrialindustrial mrolubricationmarinemilitary & governmentpest controlpetroleumpressure washpower transmissionsewage & draintransportationutility & fleetwelding & fabrication


applicationsairarc welding / groundingbreathing airbulk liquid handlingchemical fluid transferclean fluidsdef dispensingdual hydraulicsdual product deliveryelectric cordexhaust removalfire booster hosefuel deliverygrease / hydraulicshigh volume deliveryhigh-flow wateringhydro seedingjettingnitrogenoil / lubricationpavementpest controlpotable waterpressure washingspraying operationsstatic discharge - groundingstorage onlyvacuumwashdownwaterwelding gas


new productsxtm serieshi-vis hosecompanyaboutcommunitysupportknowledge centerhow to ordersafetytech supportwarranty infoconflict minerals policyproposition 65 warningreach compliancerohs certificate of complianceul certificationcsa certificationce compliancecustom productsliteraturehose  technical supportvideostech tip videostestimonial videosship readyrequest a quoteblogcontact


my quote


0

























my quote


0






 
  
  if you are seeing this, your browser does not support html5 video.
 




new xtm reels

heavy duty retractable reelsnarrow down the right reel by spring, hand crank, or motor rewind.





   spring driven reels
  

   learn more
  








   ez coil reels
  

   learn more
  








   hand crank reels
  

   learn more
  








   motorized reels
  

   learn more
  

















featured industry
aviation
our high-quality reeling products were meticulously engineered and designed with longevity in mind - everything from aviation general duty, aerospace research & development, service hangers, and more. whether you need a low, medium or high-pressure rating for grease, oil, air or water, coxreels® offers a reel to fit the application.    

learn more













featured industry
construction
durability and reliability are demanded out of the equipment used in rugged environments, typically found in building sites. contractors and construction workers cannot expect less out of the reels they so heavily rely on. you need something built strong and coxreels’ products deliver every single time. whether you are building residential, commercial, or repairing and maintaining equipment – we got you covered!   

learn more













featured industry
fire & safety
  coxreels® manufactures the most comprehensive hose, cord, and cable reel lines for all types of fire apparatus (i.e. fire engines, ladders, trucks, utilities, and brush units) and fire station applications. while we do have a wide array of reel configurations and mounting options in our standard line-up, we have the capability to engineer custom products to fit your specific requirements.
  
learn more













featured industry
industrial mro
the routine and repetitive maintenance actions can wear out equipment fast, so that is why you need heavy duty & industrial grade reels to stand up to the challenges of prolonged & repetitive use. make no mistake, we manufacture the sturdiest reeling products in the market! whether an industrial mro application is preventive (scheduled) or corrective (repair) - coxreels® has you covered!   

learn more













featured industry
pressure wash
we design the toughest hose reels in the industry and they will not let you down. we have a large selection of hose reels designed for the pressure wash industry. possible fields of application include: pressure washing, high pressure spraying, water blasting, ground maintenance, power wash, steam cleaning, industrial cleaning, water jetting and more. we offer a variety of reels ideal for your pressure washing job to handle demanding psi, high-temperature liquids, corrosion and oxidation prevention. 

learn more













featured industry
utility & fleet
 hose, cord, and cable reels are essential components on service trucks, mechanic trucks, lube trucks, and skids. our reels are the preferred choice for increasing worksite safety and efficiency by managing hoses, cables, and cords neatly and conveniently by storing them. coxreels has the most complete line of utility/service reels in the market! we have reels (...)  

learn more













featured industry
welding & fabrication
coxreels® line of welding gas hose reels are some of the best in the industry. we have a variety of welding hose reels to handle varying lengths of oxyacetylene twin line welding hose. choose from a variety of retraction methods, such as spring driven, hand crank, or motorized. easily mount them on anything from stationary areas in your shop or mobile units such as trailers or carts.   

learn more














 about coxreels  coxreels® manufactures heavy duty professional grade hose, cord, and cable reels of the highest quality. our comprehensive selection of reels includes spring retractable, hand crank and motorized hose, cord and cable reels and our patented ez-coil® safety series spring retractable reels with controlled rewind. we are the worldwide leader in the reel industry and have been serving customers in residential, commercial and industrial settings since 1923. our engineering capabilities and manufacturing processes allow us to design and build top quality, usa made products for any conceivable application where reels are needed.   read more


customer testimonials
“ coxreels is a beautiful, heavy-duty piece of equipment "  " it’s worth spending a little more money up-front for quality so it works for you and avoid problems in the field, which can cost you more in the long-run. we want our equipment to be productive every day and that’s why we went with coxreels. it’s a beautiful piece of heavy-duty equipment and we are proud to be coxreels hose reel vendors! ”  
- andrew greess (president, qspray)


“ extremely smooth & functional "  " we are able to enhance safety & efficiency with the coxreels [reeling] system. they keep hose & cable off the ground, which can be a tripping hazard. the reels are extremely smooth & functional. we recommend coxreels to other fire departments! ”  
- chief greg ruiz (fire chief, tempe fire dept.)


“ best reels out in the market! "  " when we were putting together our trucks, it was suggested we use coxreels. we use and abuse our trucks every day and coxreels reels are definitely the best products out on the market. they’re durable and built to last! ”  
- jeremy miller (co-owner, urban desert pest control)


 “ great partnership with coxreels! "  "coxreels’ customer service representatives are extremely knowledgeable and are empowered to make decisions without needing multiple layers of management approval. such service allows us to quickly respond to our own customers and resolve issues in a prompt and thorough manner. we look forward to continuing our partnership with coxreels for many years to come."     
- fastoolnow.com (wayland, mi)


“ coxreels products have proven to be of excellent quality "   "we have worked with coxreels for over 10 years in the development of their international sales and distribution for latin america and asia. throughout this long relationship, coxreels has steadfastly supported our efforts, resulting in very successful sales growth in all of our territories. coxreels products have proven to be of excellent quality. the factory stands behind all that it produces with excellent warranty and after-sales service."  
- hockman lewis


“ coxreels being an integral part of our product, providing strong dependable, hose reels "   "as a manufacturer of municipal equipment, we pride ourselves on providing our customers with the solution to every situation. coxreels being an integral part of our product, providing strong dependable, hose reels. we are happy to have partnered with coxreels as our hose reel supplier."  
- pb loader sales team




ez-coil - safety controlled retraction
coxreels® safety series reels featuring the pantented ez-coil® rewind safety system, engineered and developed exclusively by coxreels, are the only choice for safe spring driven hose, cord, and cable reel operation in the workplace. 







coxreels' company culture
 work + life balance = great place to work   







coxreels - testimonial on quality
matt mormon with obsessed garage gives us his take on coxreels quality and what his customers say about our products. watch the video!







what is coxreels?
we know that there can be no compromise when you live the philosophy of building the best! every decision regarding our product design is made with one unwavering goal: to make the required product the very best it can be. 







customize your reel 
coxreels custom products: our engineering capabilities and manufacturing processes allow us to design and build top quality products for any conceivable application where reels are needed. 







knowledge center
 here you will find a centralized and organized collection of coxreels® supportive information to help you make your hose reels, cord reels and cable reels choice easier.   








   proposition 65 warning: cancer and reproductive harm www.p65warnings.ca.gov (california residents click here)
  





 contact us  have questions? we are here for you. please feel free to get in touch with us using the tabs and forms below to contact us and request more information about coxreels® products and services. we will handle your inquiries and will get back to you as soon as we can.  contact us 


 find distributors  distributor information will be provided through your preferred method of contact. click here to submit a request that will be routed to the appropriate distributor.  find a distributor


 

quick links home
products
reel selector
industries
applications
videos
ship ready
request a quote
find distributor
 products spring driven reelsez coil reelshand crank reelsmotorized reelsaccessoriesnew products 
xtm series
hi-vis hose
support 
knowledge center
how to order
safety
tech support
warranty info
conflict minerals policy
proposition 65 warning
reach compliance
rohs certificate of compliance
ul certification
csa certification
ce compliance
custom products
literature
hose  technical support
company about
community
blog
contact
news releases
privacy policy
terms & conditions
 

contact info

      5865 s. ash ave.
      tempe, az 85283
      phone: 800-269-7335
      fax: 800-229-7335
     

connect with us
 






web design by bx3 interactive


    copyright © 2016 - 2025 coxreels, all rights reserved.
   



 


tap to call
tap to email







