






bonsall chamber of commerce – bridging business opportunity with community growth




























		
			bonsall chamber of commerce		





homebonsall community legacy bricksmembershipdirectorymember newsabout uscommunity eventscalendarcounty governmentarea resourcescontact 












bridging business opportunity with community growth
















welcome! 


beautiful bonsall, ca is located in the rolling hills of northern san diego county. home to the famous san luis rey downs training center for thoroughbred racehorses and other equestrian facilities. agriculture, horticulture and vineyards thrive in this mediterranean-like climate. the people of bonsall enjoy living the country life while having quick access to everything the cities around it provide. come visit bonsall to see its beauty and enjoy the peacefulness! be sure to stop by our bonsall chamber of commerce office located in river village for a wealth of information on the area! 


























thirsty thursday happy hour!


all are welcome


second thursday of every month





bonsall community legacy bricks on sale now!


click on photo to take you to order page








congratulations to sarah bracci of sarah bracci photographics!!!                        winner of the cooler of fun

















member partner happenings


estrella venues is now booking
















d'vine path


from vine to bottle!  the d'vine path team has been hard at work filtering and bottling our very own white wine blend! this incredible blend features:


malvasia blanc, sauvignon blanc, and albariño grapes grown and harvested right here at d'vine path.


dry riesling grapes, generously donated by mount palomar winery , giving our students the opportunity to harvest and gain hands-on experience.


every step of the process—from harvesting and pressing to filtering and bottling—showcases the dedication and growth of our students as they continue to master the art of winemaking.


we are so grateful to mount palomar winery for their generosity and support, which makes opportunities like this possible. cheers to creating something truly special together! 


d’vine path’s mission is to transform neurodivergent people’s lives by providing dynamic vocational and life skills training in agriculture, hospitality, and the arts.


https://www.facebook.com/dvinepathprogram/videos/1158662365641606





 








 








chamber happenings










previous



next











member highlights and events










previous



next













member news




new member partners - 2025

virginia ellis, estella venue llc., fallbrook music society, oceanpointe dental assisting academy of bonsall, 
 corporate member partners



























 first quarter renewals 2025- thank you!

dr. daniel flores orthodontics, 'nvoice studios, kindness janitorial services, fallbrook regional health district, hueftle farms vineyard inc., friends of willow tree, fallbrook senior center, leo romero at sun realty, howard townsend, fallbrook film society, reins therapeutic,
 second quarter renewals 2024– thank you!

pacific western bank bonsall location, birchall restoration, sdg&e, fallbrook garden club, aloha positive dog training, support bonsall & fallbrook team, bonsall education foundation (bef), temecula valley hospital, rawhide ranch, the fallbrook chorale, north county fire protection district, pala casino spa golf resort,
 third quarter renewals 2024- thank you!

pala casino spa golf & resort, allies equipment party rental, bonsall dry cleaners, north county yoga therapy, friends of fallbrook llc., fusilier insurance services, bonsall rotary club, d'vine path, geri sides of coldwell banker village properties, rainbow municipal water district, 
 fourth quarter renewals 2024 - thank you!

fallbrook window washing, performance k9 training, honey boutique, the havens country club, 
 
















bonsall community park (san luis rey river park project)


the final plan includes 2 basketball courts, 3 baseball fields, 2 tennis courts, 4 soccer fields, a tot lot playground, a youth playground, a bike course, a skate park, a dog park, picnic areas open space, shade structures, restrooms, miles of trails, and landscaped areas.


learn more













fallbrook park


learn more








 








