san antonio hotels: find san antonio hotel information and read reviews by hotelguide
homeaboutcontactsan antonio hotels - homepageespañolmobile versionadd your hotel group hotel rates metroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > san antonio homepagesan antonio hotelshotel posts“fredericksburg texas hotel”“peach tree inn & suites, voted #1 motel in texas by ride texas magazine offers rates as l…”posted by: peach tree inn & suites“texas hill country hotel”“located in new braunfels, texas, the new fairfield inn & suites is a comfortable, extende…”posted by: fairfield inn & suites new braunfels hotel“san antonio texas discount motel - hotel”“conveniently located near the san antonio international airport, the super 8 san antonio …”posted by: super 8 motel san antonio airporthotels may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“thanksgiving stay”member, nicole, dallas - “i did a blind bid on priceline.com and wound up with th…”said about: el tropicano riverwalk holiday inn“thieves! ”non-member, reader - “we have stayed at the fairfield for years while visiting bo…”said about: fairfield inn and suites san antonio boerne“dirty rooms with bugs bed”non-member, reader - “bed bugs, fleas in rug, would not recommend to no one. beca…”said about: holiday inn express san antonio northwestreaders are welcome to share opinions.by location » by name » hotel events »(try keywords "hotel with a pool" or a zip code)
welcome to hotelguide.networks' directory of hotels and hotel reviews for san antonio, texas!

the 17th century mission san antonio de valero, along the river that native americans called yanaguana ('clear water'), and which the spanish subsequently renamed san antonio river to mark their discovery on the feast of st. anthony, has been a central landmark around which the town now known as san antonio grew and developed. popularly known as the alamo, the original mission is now at the center of the ninth largest city in the country, yet san antonio retains a relaxed atmosphere mingled with romance and history. 

san antonio's river walk, a 2-mile stone walkway that borders the san antonio river, flows 20 feet below through the businest part of downtown, connecting all of river walk park hotels, restaurants, shops, galleries and theaters by water taxis and gondolas. san antonio can be said to combine the hospitality of the old south with the spirit of the wild west, with plenty of old world charm thrown in the mix. visitors to the area will find numerous historical and entertainment attractions, from exciting theme parks like sea world and six flags to fascinating sites like the alamo and the san antonio museum of art. popular outdoor activities in san antonio include water skiing, golf, canoeing, white-water rafting, tubing, sailing, and fishing, mostly north of san antonio in texas hill country, where you can also find dude ranches, hiking and wild game hunting tours.

we have organized our listings of san antonio's local hotel accommodations into several geographic areas and alphabetically. you can begin browsing for hotels in the greater san antonio area by selecting one of the links shown below.



browse hotels by location:
·river walk - alamodowntown. hotels near the romantic river walk area, near the alamo, convention center and key cultural attractions. 

·six flags - fiesta park
hotels in the northwest corner of the metro area, home to six flags fiesta texas & the medical center complex. 

·san antonio airport
hotels near the san antonio international airport (sat), located 9 miles north of downtown. 

·san antonio
hotel options in the greater san antonio area, outside of the downtown area, including the nearby communities of uvalde and others. 

·new braunfels
hotels in new braunfels, located about 26 miles to the northeast of the city center, and surrounding communities such as seguin and others. 

·downtown san antonio
downtown hotels outside the immediate river walk vicinity, in places such as market square ("el mercado"). 

·fredericksburg
hotels in fredericksburg, including kerrville and surrounding communities, northwest of san antonio. 




browse hotels by name:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
you can return to the hotelguide san antonio home page at any time by pressing on the "hotelguide" button in the left margin of the page.
area facts: the san antonio area was first discovered by spanish explorers in 1691. the "mission san antonio de valero" (the alamo) was built in 1718, but the famous battle there would take place over a century later, in 1836.
« top of pageevents at san antonio hotelsvalero texas open - friday professional golf (pga) sporting event… sports - golf tpc san antonio (jw marriott san antonio hill country resort and spa)fri 4/4/25 valero texas open - saturday professional golf (pga) sporting event… sports - golf tpc san antonio (jw marriott san antonio hill country resort and spa)sat 4/5/25 valero texas open - sunday professional golf (pga) sporting event… sports - golf tpc san antonio (jw marriott san antonio hill country resort and spa)sun 4/6/25 valero texas open - thursday professional golf (pga) sporting event… sports - golf tpc san antonio (jw marriott san antonio hill country resort and spa)thu 4/3/25 valero texas open - wednesday professional golf (pga) sporting event… sports - golf tpc san antonio (jw marriott san antonio hill country resort and spa)wed 4/2/25 « top of pageadjacent links:austin hotelscorpus christi hotelsrelated links:abilene hotelsamarillo hotelsbryan - college station hotelsdallas hotelsel paso hotelsharlingen hotelslubbock hotelsmidland - odessa hotelsother links:smart highway daynational metaverse daylafayette hotelsroswell hotelsother versions:san antonio guía de hotelesmetroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > san antonio homepage« top of page | sitemap 
© 1996-2025, metroguide.com all rights reserved.privacy policy | terms and conditionsto list your hotel with the san antonio hotelguide service: click here.to contact hotelguide: click here.hotelguide and hotelguide san antonio are service marks of metroguide.com, inc. hotelguide network is a registered service mark of metroguide.com, inc. all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. metroguide.com, inc. does not own or operate hotel properties. metroguideeventguideretailguidediningguidehotelguideattractionguidecruiseguidemore locations...
san antonio hotels:our readers'4 smile favoriteshotel havanasan antonio hotels:our readers'3 smile favoritesthe menger hotelhoward johnson inn & suiteslodge at turkey covetravel inncarefree inn lacklandrodeway inn new braunfelshoward johnson inn & suitesbudgetel inn & suites san antoniocourtyard by marriott airporthomegate studioscrowne plaza san antonio riverwalkamerisuites san antonio northwestfairmount, a wyndham hotelradisson market squarehotels by featurenon-smoking hotelwifipet-friendlymeeting facilitygay-friendlyswimming poolfitness centerin-room safelarge hotelsmall hotel





