































welcome to the welsh pony & cob society - wpcs









































				go to home page
				













							search inside the website
						




								shopping cart
															


























passports

wpcs rules of registration
prefix list
price list


join the society

breed information
education & welfare
history of the society
young people’s section
faq


shop

membership
passport shop
wpcs shop
journal adverts


governance

meetings
minutes
society documents & policies


judging & showing

wpcs awards – competitions – section
competitor results section
judges section
show section


stud directory
get in touch

overseas associations
area associations
hill pony improvement societies
staff


online pedigree
downloads
sales
 









what are you looking for?



















welcome to the welsh pony & cob society

founded in 1901, the welsh pony & cob society is the largest of britain’s native breed societies. the society’s membership is worldwide, reflecting the popularity and versatility of welsh ponies and cobs.






































wpcs office
visitors to the office are welcome between 9am and 5pm, monday through to friday.
telephone lines are open from 10am to 4pm, week days excluding public holidays.
 
the museum is closed to the public at this time. we look forward to welcoming our members and the public once the restrictions are lifted. should you wish to contact the wpcs please email enquiries@wpcs.uk.com
 
mae amgueddfa’r gymdeithas ar gau i’r cyhoedd ar hyn o bryd. edrychwn ymlaen at groesawu ein haelodau a’r cyhoedd cyn gynted â bod modd. yn y cyfamser os hoffech gysylltu â’r swyddfa  ebostiwch enquiries@wpcs.uk.com


find out more














our upcoming events
no events available

view all events







latest news








22 jan 2025
for sale via sealed bids – 3.5-ton van previously used as an exhibition unit.

2008 renault master lm35 dci100.


read article










21 oct 2024
emrys lloyd hughes – treflan stud




read article










12 sep 2024
wpcs important announcement

following a meeting of the board of trustees on monday 9th september...

read article










13 aug 2024
welsh pony and cob society dna update – august 2024.

microsatellite is the present system of testing dna and will become ...

read article







view all news articles















join the society
by becoming a member of the society you will be playing a vital role in the preservation of welsh ponies and cobs, ensuring that their traditional characteristics of hardiness, strength, agility and beauty are maintained for future generations to enjoy.
membership packages
















						go to home page
						







join the society
news
events
stud directory
governance
wpcs store
get in touch
downloads
judging & showing
online pedigree
 


this website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience. read morerejectacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								












save & accept










 







