







usappraisal, llc











































        
          
            usappraisal, llc
          
        
      




















































              home
            






















































home





                
                  
                    usappraisal, llc
                  
                
              











scroll








usappraisal

 

automobile appraisal 35 years serving the collector car community1990-2025











the value of an appraisalfrom a single automobile, to an entire collection, we can serve your appraisal needs.founded in 1990, usappraisal, llc is dedicated to accurate appraisal services for our clients. we maintain a library containing thousands of books, periodicals, updates, guides and brochures collected over the past thirty years relating to automobiles and trucks of all types.an appraisal is the estimation of the value of property at any given point in time, past or present. an appraisal can also entail the forecasting of monetary earning power. an appraisal is a document with a valuation conclusion; it is not a pre-purchase inspection, a mechanical evaluation or a recommendation to buy or sell your vehicle.an accurate up-to-date appraisal is an important part of owning a collector vehicle. appraisals are essential for insurance valuations, bank (or other) loan verification, personal property taxes and valuation disputes.

 




rss block

        select a blog page to create an rss feed link.
        
          learn more



 rss





 









frequently askedmy car is one of a kind, modified and/or very rare. how can you accurately appraise it?even one of a kind cars have similarities to other vehicles that were built at the same point in history. examples include early vehicles built by automotive pioneers, “one-offs” built by inventors and/or speculators as well as highly customized cars, hot rods, art cars and tuner cars. the appraisal process provides for a comparison to cars that have similar markets and characteristics.how much is my car worth?usappraisal, llc has provided a link to various price guides to help you estimate your car’s value range. when you are searching these guides, you will find there are many differences of opinion in valuation of many vehicles. only by obtaining a professional valuation will you be able to have a third party accurately view, describe and value your vehicle for the purpose intended.i’ve scheduled an appointment to have you appraise my car. what information do you need?usappraisal, llc builds and maintains a file on every car appraised. while an appraisal can be done without it, copies of all recent repairs or restoration, bills and receipts, recent service and service history are all important. each file is a record for valuation; the more complete the better. copies of photographs, registration documents and ownership history when available are appreciated. copies only please, keep your originals as you would any important papers.where can i get an idea of my car’s value?the first place many appraisers look might be in one of several valuation guides. simply look up your car’s make, model and year and you will find an estimate of your car’s value. please keep in mind that appraisal guides are without context…they cannot tell information that is not given to them. guides are just that: guide books to finding an estimate of the value of your vehicle. this is only a part of the information the professional appraiser uses when estimating the value of any personal property.

 

our valuesexperience -in business as usappraisal llc since 1990 discretion -you will never see a list of past or present clients here.  client privacy and discretion are assured documented accomplishments -we have performed thousands of appraisals on virtually every type of car from three different centuries professional accreditation -dave kinney, asa is a senior american society of appraisers member.  phil neff, am, is an accredited american society of appraisers member. the american society of appraisers is the largest multidisciplinary appraisal organization in the world with over 5000 members. 






 









about us













dave kinney, asadavid kinney is a senior member of the american society of appraisers, the nation’s largest multidisciplinary appraisal organization (www.appraisers.org). a car enthusiast all his life, dave kinney has been involved in almost every phase of the automobile industry. usappraisal, llc is the culmination of over forty years of experience buying, selling, servicing, and learning the ins and outs of the many facets of collector, special interest, antique, classic, and production vehicles.dave kinney is also a well-known automotive journalist. his writing has appeared in autoweek, automobile, sports car market, hagerty insider, and the british publications octane and magneto. kinney is also a past contributor to the new york times automobile section. kinney is the founder and publisher of hagerty price guide (formerly known as cars that matter). published first in print in 2006, the hagerty price guide powers the hagerty valuation tools.  the hagerty valuation tools are available online and updated quarterly. 













phil neff, amphilip neff iii is an accredited member of the american society of appraisers. a lifelong auto enthusiast, phil neff has acquired an almost encyclopedic knowledge of classic automobiles.  he has successfully shown and rallied various cars as well as been involved in the organization of automotive events for the last two decades. phil is the chief judge at the greenbriar concours d'elegance and is frequently called upon to judge at numerous events across the country.before becoming research director at usappraisal, llc, phil was the director of operations for the elegance at hershey, a concours and hillclimb event that was founded in 2011. he was also a project coordinator on seven acclaimed automotive books for coachbuilt press in philadelphia, pa. the experience and knowledge gained there has prepared him to ferret out information on just about any car.

 




 









our feesvehicle valuation per value date and per apposite value: appraisals start at $1295 per vehicle for physical appraisal inspections at our office in great falls, virginia, or within 30 miles of washington, d.c. travel costs will apply outside of this area. multiple car assignments and prior clients are eligible for discounted fees. don't hesitate to get in touch with our office.we specialize in appraising multiple vehicle collections, estates, and private and public museum collections. we provide an unbiased valuation of your automobile collection and full reporting that can be used in any official proceeding. appraisals are provided to assist the collector, attorney, fiduciary, and accountant, as well as litigation and dispute resolution. we are experts in assisting with estate planning and automobile charitable donations.the following vehicle appraisals incur additional fees: coachbuilt, limited production, exotic, one-of-a-kind, prototype, historically significant, race cars, hot rods, street rods, modified, and many pre-wwii vehicles. we can also help with other wheeled transportation, including motorcycles and commercial vehicles. call us, we are here to help with your appraisal needs. diminished value appraisal fee: $995 per vehicle, plus expenses and mileage if applicable. exotic and limited production vehicle diminished value reports start at $1,400. please contact our office.consultant work performed in the washington, dc metropolitan area: $500 per hour or $3,500 a full day. includes examination of vehicle condition, opinions of authenticity and originality, preparation and review of depositions, photographs, repairs, reports, restoration, library or other research, consultations, trial preparation, oral and written reports. (mileage over 30 miles billed at an additional $2.50 per mile one way). new accounts will be initiated with a retainer fee of 50% of the estimated appraisal fee, including anticipated expenses. the balance of payment is due upon completion and delivery of the appraisal.consultant work performed outside of the washington, dc metropolitan area: will incur additional fees, including travel, meals, lodging, professional support requirements, etc.deposition fee: $825 per hour (two-hour minimum, billed in 30-minute increments; supersedes hourly rate) travel to and from office is billed at our hourly rate. out-of-town rate extra. please contact our office for more information.expert witness fee: $825 per hour (two-hour minimum, billed in 30 minute increments; supersedes hourly rate) travel to and from our is office billed at our hourly rate. out-of-town rate extra.open accounts: open accounts are billed monthly and are payable upon receipt. fees for deposition must be paid in advance based upon the anticipated duration of the examination. balance due, if any shall be paid within five days of the deposition. fees for court testimony must be paid in advance if retainer balance is less than $3,500. all appraisals are written to conform with the uniform standards of professional appraisal practice. written narrative reports are subject-specific. receipt of retainer fees by usappraisal, llc indicates the client’s acceptance and agreement to the terms and conditions of employment as specified herein.do you have questions about fees or need a specific quote? please call our office at (703) 759-9100.  

 

contact usan appraisal is the estimation of the value of property at any given point in time, past or present. an appraisal can also entail the forecasting of monetary earning power.an accurate, up-to-date appraisal is an important part of owning a collector vehicle. appraisals are essential for insurance valuations, bank (or other) loan verification, personal property taxes, and valuation disputes. usappraisal, llc provides professional appraisal services for all vehicles, including collector, special interest, and antique vehicles built from 1885 to the present. usappraisal, llc also provides appraisals of petroliana and automobilia.our offices are located in the washington, dc metro area. we serve clients nationally and internationally and are available to appraise vehicles and automobilia anywhere in the world.usappraisal, llc9912a georgetown pikesecond floorpo box 472great falls, va 22066phone: (703) 759 9100e-mail: appraiser@usappraisal.com








home



summary



large image



testimonials



copy of large image



copy of testimonials



copy of copy of large image



copy of copy of testimonials














usappraisal, llc9912a georgetown pikesecond floorpo box 472great falls, va 22066phone: (703) 759 9100e-mail: appraiser@usappraisal.com



facebook


 






