

space coast vacations :: cape canaveral & cocoa beach vacation rentals



















































call today: 321-799-3889 • 888-935-3889









home
vacation rentals

furnished
unfurnished


about us
contact us
brevard info
area attractions



cape canaveral & cocoa beach vacation rentals


































rental property search




                city            





		cape canaveral	

		cocoa beach	

		viera	





                type            





		condo	

		private home	

		townhome	





                complex            







		canaveral sands	

		canaveral towers	

		cape shores	

		cape winds	

		cocoa beach towers	

		conquistador	

		costa del sol	

		emerald seas	

		greens at viera	

		mystic vista	

		ocean oaks	

		ocean woods	

		sea oats	

		solana shores	

		villages of seaport	

		windrush	





                bedrooms            





		1	

		2	

		3	

		4	





                bathrooms            





		1	

		1.5	

		2	

		2.5	

		3	





                furnished            





		no	

		yes	





                pet friendly            





		no	

		yes	





                keyword            












 looking to purchase? click below






welcome guests
we are happy you have chosen space coast vacations for your accommodations. please enjoy the weather and local attractions. have a great day and rest of your stay! 

click for more info...



snowbirds
book your perfect retreat on florida’s beautiful space coast with space coast vacations! snowbirds flock to cape canaveral and cocoa beach to escape the winter chill. to inquire about winter bookings and get on the rental list please email: spacecoastvacations@gmail.com  

click for more info...



come enjoy the space coast
relocating or moving and looking for a rental? we have an inventory of short term or long term, furnished and unfurnished rentals. to inquire about rentals please email: spacecoastvacations@gmail.com or call 321-799-3889.

click for more info...



we offer furnished rentals
for reservations please visit our website: spacecoastvacations.com we are available by phone at: 321-799-3889   

click for more info...



reserve for winter of 2026 starting this june
relocating? looking for furnished rental? email now spacecoastvacations@gmail.com 

click for more info...



want to buy or sell on the space coast
scm space coast management inc., we rent assortment of furnished and unfurnished condominiums in  space coast area email us at: spacecoastvacations@gmail.com or call 321-799-3889 m-f  9-4

click for more info...



need a realtor – we are here for you
to sell or to purchase contact  our agents, visit seaside agents info at  seasiderealty321.com  or  marygal.com   

click for more info...






canaveral towers rentals, click below


direct contact
oceanside properties
mary gal
321-799-3889
send e-mail
"mowie po polsku"





welcome to space coast vacations
a great place to stay & play
the space coast vacations is centrally located on the east coast  in cape canaveral, florida.
we are a full service rental – property management company as well as a real estate agency located on the beautiful space coast. we take great pride in seeing our clients are well cared for and well informed when purchasing, selling, and renting real estate.  our team of experienced and enthusiastic agents enjoys helping each of our clients achieve their real estate goals, from the savvy investor to the first time home buyer looking to make a smart investment in their future. as experts in the brevard county real estate market, we can provide you detailed analysis to help you sell or purchase your home.
to better serve our customers, in 2013 seaside realty of brevard acquired scm space coast management, doing business as space coast vacations inc. scm has served the space coast since 1980, assisting owners with property management and accommodating vacationers and corporate clients their ‘home away from home’!
our office is conveniently located in cape canaveral, less than a mile from port canaveral, the country’s 2nd busiest cruise destination. we offer complimentary wireless internet and notary service. when you work with space coast vacations or seaside realty of brevard, you receive sound advice and total attention from the best rental or real estate agents on the space coast.  just 45 miles east of orlando, an easy drive to florida’s major attractions, including walt disney world, kennedy space center, port canaveral, sea world, and universal studios. brevard county offers 72 miles of beaches…swim, surf, fish, beach comb or just soak up the sun! take a cruise ship out of port canaveral, watch rocket launches from your vacation rental, “play a round” at more than 25 area golf courses or just enjoy our year-round beautiful weather. we sell lifestyles, the space coast sells itself!


featured properties


7520 ridgewood ave #202,
cape canaveral
condo




7520 ridgewood ave #702,
cocoa beach
condo




3160 n. atlantic ave #205a
cocoa beach
condo




7520 ridgewood ave #803,
cape canaveral
condo






©2025 space coast vacations · cape canaveral & cocoa beach vacation rentals • web design & hosting by switch creatives

























