



home








































 






























skip to main contentskip to footer content






 close



searchsearch



nursingadvisingtranscriptsacademic calendarbookstoreplacement testingfinancial aid












apply


myccac


working at ccac


contact







searchmenu






menuclose menu







request info


visit


give







apply
myccac
working at ccac
contact
search 
quick links 
quick links 














academics
                                          					 
                                          					




academics 


8-week focus pathways
academic advising
academic affairs
academic calendar
act 48 academy
apprentice programs
center for education, innovation & training
course offering options
online catalog
partnerships
pittsburgh technical college
registration
virtual campus
work-based learning




program pathways 


arts & humanities
business & accounting
computer information technology
culinary arts, hospitality & tourism
general studies & liberal arts
industrial technology, trades & transportation
nursing & allied health
science & mathematics
social sciences & education
undecided






admissions
                                          					 
                                          					




admissions 


academic advising
apply
college credit fasttrack
high school dual enrollment
bny early college program
enrollment services
ged information
placement testing
registration
transfer from secondary ctc
transfer to a four year school services
wild cat welcome week




what type of student are you? 


current ccac student
high school dual enrollment student
homeschool student
international student
military & veteran student
new student
returning student
transfer to ccac student
visiting student






cost & aid
                                          					 
                                          					




cost & aid 


estimating your cost
financial aid
parenting scholars program
pittsburgh promise
scholarships
tuition & cost






campus life
                                          					 
                                          					




campus life 


athletics
bookstore
campus cupboard & closet
campus highlights
clubs & organizations
dining
esports
fitness centers
honors program
maps & directions
safety & security
student id & parking permits
student life






student support
                                          					 
                                          					




student support 


act 101
career services & job readiness
career tech education services
ccac roadmap
child care resources
civic engagement
counseling services
deans of students
disability services
guns down, level up
hbcu transfer equity initiative
information technology services
keys program
tutoring
library services
military & veteran services
navigate360
resource navigators
student success coaches






workforce & community
                                          					 
                                          					




workforce & community 


center for education, innovation & training
community education
community impact fellowship program
community training & development
professional development & continuing education
public safety institute
vocational education
workforce development






about
                                          					 
                                          					




about 


achieving the dream
assessment & institutional effectiveness
board of trustees
ccac educational foundation
ccac events
ccac facilities
ccac newsroom
cares act reports
civic engagement
college accessibility
college forms
college policies
compliance
contact ccac
diversity, equity and inclusion
doing business with ccac
hidden gems
marketing & public relations
middle states accreditation self-study
meet the faculty
office of the president
office of sponsored programs & research
student achievement
working at ccac
years of service
















request info
visit
give






quick links


academic advising
academic calendar
blackboard
bookstore
career coach
ccac account (netid)
course catalog
library
maps & directions
reset ccac password


resources


deans of students
forms
help center
information center
it servicedesk
student handbook
graduation & commencement












you are in a quick links window. press the escape key to exit.








 close



quick links


academic advising
academic calendar
blackboard
bookstore
career coach
ccac account (netid)
course catalog
library
maps & directions
reset ccac password


resources


deans of students
forms
help center
information center
it servicedesk
student handbook
graduation & commencement




















discover ccac for yourself. apply today!apply now!


pause video






search programssearch
explore all programsonline programstransfer programslimited enrollment programsworkforce & community programs













admissions information


                              					welcome! we are excited that you want to attend ccac. please join us for a campus
                              tour or meet with an enrollment specialist!
                              				
campus visitvirtual chat















what kind of student will you be?

current ccac student
dual enrollment student
homeschool student
international student
military & veteran student
new student
returning student
transfer to ccac student
workforce & community student
visiting student
apply now









title iv aid (pell grants & loans) unaffected by federal aid pause

                           					the white house has rescinded its recent directive to pause federal grants and loans,
                           easing concerns over its impact on student financial aid. the department of education
                           (ed) clarified that title iv student aid, including hea funds, remains exempt from
                           the temporary funding freeze outlined in the now-rescinded memo from the office of
                           management and budget (omb).
                           				click here to read more






eventsview more events

    feb 18 2025    loan disbursement date  all day all campuses       feb 18 2025    ccac new student onboarding  10:00 am virtual       feb 18 2025    ccac new student onboarding  01:00 pm virtual   







student success statement

at the community college of allegheny county, our goal is our students’ success. for
                              us, student success is a holistic and inclusive journey. we are committed to meeting
                              students where they are and supporting them in achieving their unique goals. while
                              academic achievement is a cornerstone of this success, we recognize that true student
                              success also encompasses personal, professional and career growth. it includes the
                              development of essential life skills—such as the ability to navigate challenges and
                              the capacity to adapt—in order to thrive in an ever-changing world. ultimately, student
                              success is realized when students complete their academic journey, whether by personal
                              enrichment, earning a degree, obtaining a certificate, acquiring an industry-recognized
                              credential, successfully transferring to a four-year institution or securing job placement.











 admissions
                                 						 academic advising
                                 						 financial aid
                                 						 placement testing
                                 						



admissions

as an open-admissions institution, ccac does not require college entrance examinations.
                                    to enroll as a full-time student, applicants must have a high school diploma or pennsylvania
                                    ged certiﬁcate or must be at least 18 years of age with experience reasonably equivalent
                                    to a ged. 
ccac is happy to welcome prospective students or visitors in person and virtually.
                                       for assistance, please call our information center at 412.237.ccac. additionally, you can reach us via email at information@ccac.edu. please visit our admissions page for hours of operation. 
visit admissions 



academic advising

our academic advisors can help you explore our programs, schedule for classes, explain
                                    ccac academic policy, and refer you to other ccac resources. ccac provides a combination
                                    academic advising services of in-person and virtual services to meet your busy schedule!
academic advising is available to potential students that want to learn more about a program or course. or for current students who have applied and completed the application process and verified your id with the registration welcome center
visit academic advising



financial aid

at ccac, there are a number of different types of financial aid that you can be awarded.
                                    the most basic categories are grants, scholarships and loans.
if you are expecting to receive financial aid, you can review your pending financial
                                    aid on ccac’s self-service financial aid page. if prompted, log in with your ccac netid account information. 
visit financial aid
you might be contacted by a company saying they will help get your student loans discharged,
                                       forgiven, cancelled, or qualified for debt relief for a fee. you never have to pay for help with your federal student aid. make sure you work only with the
                                       u.s. department of education and their loan servicers, and never reveal your personal
                                       information or account password to anyone.
the department of education emails to borrowers come from noreply@studentaid.gov,
                                    noreply@debtrelief.studentaid.gov or ed.gov@public.govdelivery.com. you can report
                                    scam attempts to the federal trade commission by calling 1.877.382.4357 or visit reportfraud.ftc.gov



placement testing

as a new student, you may need to take several placement tests before you register
                                    for classes.
these tests are not an entrance exam. they simply help you choose the right classes
                                    so you can succeed in college.
these tests are offered at home or on campus so you can take them when you are ready.
our placement testing page includes information about exemptions and accommodations,
                                    registration links, and additional resources.
visit placement testing




 
 







″success. more than any other, it's a word that captures everything about the community
                              college of allegheny county - who we are, what we believe in and what we strive to
                              achieve. it's something our students experience each and every day here at ccac.″
                              dr. quintin b. bullock, ccac president



 







don't let finances stand between you and your future




81%



                                          					of ccac students graduate debt-free
                                          				





$26k



                                          					in savings for allegheny county students over public colleges and universities
                                          				





$75k



                                          					in savings for allegheny county students over private colleges and universities
                                          				




explore cost & aid







newsview more news


bullocks vlog: february 2025black excellence creative arts show to be held at ccac homewood-brushton centerdr. juel smith selected to join the 2025 cohort of the executive leadership academy






meet the faculty & hidden gems


at ccac, we are proud of our talented faculty and exceptional variety of courses.
                           see some of these stories below or visit meet the faculty and hidden gems to learn more.





hidden gems: his 203 – african american history 1 trace the african american experience as you follow the journey of african americans from their origins in africa,...read moreeth 220–history of the pittsburgh civil rights movementwhat were racial conditions like in the united states prior to 1960? specifically, what was it like to be a black...read morecommercial driver's license programthe classroom portion of the course will prepare you to take your cdl class a permit tests (general knowledge a,...read moresds 112–the job searchdo you want to take a valuable class that will help you uncover and secure the best job opportunities throughout...read morebio 133 - environmental scienceare you looking for a big-picture understanding of the world - and for a peek at your place in western pennsylvania...read morecjc 152 - ethics in criminal justiceif we’re ever going to be the just, inclusive and vibrant society we truly want and deserve to be, we need to...read more







ccac by the numbers




130+



                                    					programs of study across 10 career paths
                                    				





195+



                                    					full-time faculty members
                                    				





16



                                    					students in the average class
                                    				















applyrequest infovisitgive







facebook
twitter
instagram
pinterest
linkedin
youtube




information centerchat now412.237.ccacinformation@ccac.edu




jobs
maps & directions
calendar of events
faculty directory
newsroom
contact us
right to know









© ccac 2021- all rights reserved.
disclaimer
privacy regulations
college accessibility
title ix
emergency info
notice of nondiscrimination






back to top


video modal













©









