











re mentor | real estate training and education
































 



support

mentorship
invest with us



 781-982-5700
				

 podcast



 













toggle navigation







our company
education
student success
live events
blog


contact















want to know the 5 fastest wealth-building strategies and how to combine them to create extreme wealth?
join our free master class and unlock the potential for extreme wealth. in this powerful master class, david lindahl reveals the 5 fastest wealth-building strategies that have transformed the lives of hundreds of our clients.




access the master class here 













what others are saying





rick chafee
                    
barrington, ri

 thank you, dave and your team! since doing your training and implementing your strategies, you have helped me take my real estate investing business to the next level. i have had so much success in such a short period of time and it is all due to your guidance! you have made me realize that the bigger numbers are just as easy. i am now working on some larger deals right now because i know that they are just as easy as the small ones. i would have never done any of this if it wasn’t for you and your team's help! 








frank leotti
                    
rowland heights, ca

 as a real estate appraiser, i have appraised literally hundreds of buildings for some very wealthy people. whether you have no experience or lots of experience, i would highly recommend dave’s training course as soon as possible. the tools that dave and his team give you are complete and step-by-step. anyone looking to take their real estate business to the next level should definitely do this training as soon as possible. thanks for all of your help dave and your team! 








valineta jingles
                    
long beach, ca

 thank you so much, dave and your team! after your training, i walked away feeling empowered and knew i could get into multi-family investing. by taking me step-by-step, you gave me the confidence to be successful in real estate! 












meet our investor of the week

 





did you know that every week we showcase an investor who has proven that they understand the value of our education?
these people are going out and doing deals while implementing our step-by-step system - and they're making money!
check out their stories in these videos and learn more about becoming an investor of the week!









re mentor's story
                    re mentor™ offers cutting-edge wealth-building real estate investing educational products along with comprehensive personalized coaching. through creative insight and proven experience and expertise in all of the components of real estate investing, re mentor™ provides a light in the dark for so many who struggle in jobs that leave them emotionally and financially drained.
we are an expert group of seasoned investors and real estate mentors, each with many years of experience and knowledge, in the many facets of building wealth through real estate investing.
now is the time to take advantage of the real estate market. do not settle for second best when it comes to seeking help in navigating through this journey of true wealth building through real estate investing. benefit from the nearly 20 years experience of re mentor.
let us help you realize your dreams, just as we have realized ours.






the latest news




 

articles
the promise of ai in multifamily properties
artificial intelligence (ai) is poised to transform nearly every industry, and the multifamily housing sector is no exception. from streamlining maintenance to improving marketing and... read more






 

articles
building an apartment empire: tips to increase your units
getting started with rental property investing often begins with a small single-family home or duplex. but expanding into larger multifamily properties like apartment buildings can... read more






 

articles
what real estate trends should you be aware of in 2024 and how does it impact multifamily?
with many unknowns in the current real estate market, it can feel overwhelming. concerns about the future leave many on edge.  the urban land institute... read more






 

articles
being thankful this thanksgiving season
as the leaves change color and a chill sets in, there’s this familiar feeling in the air—it’s thanksgiving time. a season when we all get... read more






 

articles
the resilience of multifamily: why it remains a strong investment despite interest rate challenges
even in the face of uncertainty and stagnancy, multifamily remains a resilient sector.  interest rates have remained unchanged since july – the highest they’ve been... read more






 

articles
is investing in apartments risky?
investing in apartments can be a great way to build wealth, but it’s important to understand the risks before you invest. here are some of... read more












home |
our company |
education |
student success |
live events |
blog |
contact
                        re mentor™ | 100 weymouth street | rockland, ma 02370 | 1-781-982-5700
                        copyright © 2025 | privacy policy | earnings disclosure | terms of use


















