





your maine vacation travel guide | visit maine


































maps
subscribe












blog













state: me

connecticut

state
fairfield southwest
hartford central
litchfield northwest
mystic eastern
new haven south central

maine

state
bar harbor acadia
greater portland
mid coast
northern maine
south coast
western lakes mountains

massachusetts

state
boston
cape cod & the islands
central mass.
north of boston
south of boston
western mass.

new hampshire

state
dartmouth-lake sunapee
great north woods
lakes
merrimack valley
monadnock
seacoast
white mountains

rhode island

state
blackstone valley
block island
newport
providence warwick
south county

vermont

state
central
northeast kingdom
northern
southern

new england

all new england



where to visit
things to do and see
places to stay
events
weddings
food & drink
travel information





 












maine





maine





maine





previous



next












bar harbor acadia









greater portland









mid coast









northern maine









south coast









western lakes mountains















welcome to visit maine!
lobster by a rocky coast; exploring acadia or the northern highlands

a maine vacation encompasses all of the outdoor beauty and cultural pleasures of new england. people all over the world are drawn to the rocky coast and stunning vistas of bar harbor and acadia national park. the south coast beach towns offer sun, sand, surf, family fun, and outlet shopping. portland offers plenty of urban pleasures, art and great dining on the waterfront. inland, the state is loved for its majestic, unspoiled lakes and mountains, outdoor sports, and distinctive towns.
discover the charm of maine with a stay at any of the state’s beautiful overnight accommodations, such as those managed by the migis hotel group or lafayette hotels, where coastal elegance, warm family hospitality, and unforgettable experiences await.
me quick links: great things to do - events calendar- state map







maine regions and highlights:
acadia, bar harbor & down east me

the "down east" region, including the island town of bar harbor, me, is home to the magnificent rocky shores, cliffs, and bluffs that characterize the beauty of coastal maine. the region's jewel is acadia national park, where people hike the granite peaks and bicycle on victoria carriage roads. the park is just the beginning of the down east adventure - as you travel northeast along the coast towards canada you'll find historic sites, museums, maritime activities and more great spots to explore nature, along with fine shopping and dining.







greater portland & casco bay me

portland, me is a delight for vacationers who love urban fun. the old port neighborhood of federal architecture and cobbled streets is packed with restaurants, stores, and galleries.
on the southern side of the city, cape elizabeth is host to the portland head light a beautiful, classic lighthouse, and two lights state park offers great views of casco bay. 20 miles to the north, the city of freeport, me is home to the famous l.l. bean outdoor store and many outlets.



© thomas schoeller photography




northern maine

it's easy to think of maine's expansive northern reaches as a place full of tumbling rivers, majestic forests, and logging history – perfect for outdoorsmen and –women. in the central part of the state, known as the highlands, you'll find major outdoor sporting and recreation areas, including mount katahdin, moosehead lake, and the pristine baxter state park.
the augusta-kennebec area is partly named for the kennebec river (a great place for whitewater rafting or fishing) which joins the dead river at the forks, me, along with jackman, me, the two towns are hubs of outdoor adventure and rustic lodgings. the northernmost area in maine is known as aroostook, which features thousands of bodies of water including the allagash wilderness waterway.
on the southern corners of the region are two small cities - augusta, me, the state's capitol, and bangor, me, both of which have good restaurants and nightlife, historic downtowns, and interesting museums.







maine's mid coast

the mid coast is an idyllic region of rocky inlets, lighthouses, fishing ports, lots of bridges and rugged islands, stretching from brunswick, me, at the north end of casco bay, to ellsworth, me which is just north of mt. desert island. along the way you'll find some of maine's lovely & historic small towns. boothbay harbor, me is a busy fishing village where visitors can watch the boats come and go from the balcony of a historic waterfront inn. ferries depart from here to wild monhegan island. rockland, me offers art galleries, restaurants, and fun shops. camden and rockport, me have thriving arts communities. final tip: eat lobster!







the south coast

the south coast is maine's summer dreamland - the area is constantly full of life thanks to its wonderful beaches, great spots for seafood, and lots of outlet shopping. famous towns of the area include york, wells, and kennebunkport, me. visitors love to play on the beaches, explore lighthouses, shop at boutiques and outlets; and dine on lobster. old orchard beach, me is an old-fashioned beach with a boardwalk and amusement park. the outlets of kittery, me are a huge draw for bargain-hunters. go explore the art galleries of lovely ogunquit, me.



© thomas schoeller photography




me's western lakes & mountains

this region, an extension of the white mountains, is a place of great scenic beauty and outdoor sports in every season of the year, from cycling, hiking, golfing, and camping to leaf-peeping, skiing, and snowmobiling. rangeley lake state park is famous for landlocked salmon and trout fishing. another prime spot for outdoor people is grafton notch state park.
great things to do in maine




















destinations


all new england
connecticut
maine
massachusetts
new hampshire
rhode island
vermont
state map


company


about us
contact
privacy policy
terms and conditions
copyright
site map


partnership


advertise
submit a listing
submit an event


top articles


great things to do
fairs and festivals
family activities
winter activities
fall foliage
pet friendly lodging
romantic gateways
waterfront lodging






tm © 2025  travel media group llc & visit new england®. all rights reserved.
top

 







