





coho designs llc | keith huber | daytona, florida | mechanical engineering | rapid prototyping | industrial design







































home


about


services


gallery


upload


contact






  










home


about


services


gallery


upload


contact











heading






































"design is where science and art break even." - robin mathew



            coho designs offers rapid prototyping, consulting, and product development services.  we work with our clients to gain a complete understanding of their projects unique requirements, assemble a team of dedicated designers, and provide a custom solution to their product development needs.
          
free consultation














 

established in
coho designs experience includes applications in the aerospace, ocean engineering, medical, and consumer products industries.











prototyping services
perfection delivered



leverage our industry leading tools to simplify and expedite your next project.













3d printing (fdm)


                  the stratasys f170 series 3d printer incorporates the latest in innovative technology in fused deposition modeling (fdm).  bed size can accommodate parts (10 in x 10 in x 10 in) to provide you with precise 3d printed prototypes from multiple materials: asa, abs, tpu, pla and abs-carbon
                














3d printing (lfs)


                  the formlabs 3 series 3d printer incorporates the latest in innovative technology in low force stereolithography (lfs). bed size can accommodate parts (5.7 in x 5.7 in x 7.28 in) to provide you with precise 3d printed prototypes from multiple materials: standard grey, high temp, elastic 50a, clear, tough, flexible 80a, and rigid
                


















laser engraving, cutting and marking


                  the epilog fusion edge laser engraver, cutting and marking machine is epilogs newest co2 laser.  featuring a 60 watt co2 laser and a bed size of (24 in x 12 in.).  precisely cut & engrave a large variety of organic materials. using the rim-style rotary attachment, coho designs also has the capability to engrave cylindrical items up to 7 inches in diameter x 20 inches in length.  this laser can engrave on anodized aluminum.
                














3d scanning


hp 3d structured light scannerâ proâ s3 3d scanning technologyâ creates preciseâ 3dâ cad models using hpscan5 & geomagics for solidworks software. with a scan size of almost 20 inches and a precision of .05% of scan size (up  to .0019 inch) it can pick up the smallest of details.
                


















when results matter most.
our time-tested process






01
 initial consultation with client


02
 develop statement of work
 develop schedule
 identify risk
 assemble team


03
 ideation
 develop 3d cad models
 analysis
 design/prototype/test/iterate
 identify manufacturing partners


04
 2d drawings provided
 first articles
 assembly
 final testing of product


05
 documentation clean up
 product delivery

















keith huber
owner | lead designer

  








over 20 years of experience in product development


            before forming coho designs, keith spent 10 years as a designer working for a couple of major defense contractors designing fixed & rotary wing aircraft as well as ocean deployed sensors and systems. currently, his work in military/aerospace, ocean engineering, medical and consumer products has helped in the success of many companies. as owner and lead designer of coho designs, keith has had the opportunity to work with a wide variety of clients whose products range from toys to weapons. from concept to completion, keith has the knowledge, technical ability, and cutting edge prototyping equipment to develop a concept from an idea into a fully-functional, economical, aesthetically pleasing, manufacturable product.
          










            "design is so simple. that's why its so complicated."



- paul rand











let us take the complication out of your design.
 our services 







rapid prototyping

fdm
sla
laser cutting
3d scanning

request quote






consulting

mechanical design
solidworks instruction
photo-rendering

request quote






product development

military/aerospace
ocean engineering
medical
consumer products

request quote













explore 
 our gallery 





all


military/aerospace


medical


consumer products


3d scanning


laser


3d printing










 
water system








 
medical solutions








 
vehicle accessories








 
tactical accessories








 
mining solutions








 
co2 detection device








 
recreation accessories








 
aeronautical solutions








 
medical solutions








 
laser








 
laser








 
laser








 
laser

















partners carousel



 





















































 contact us 







coho designs llc.

one hargrove grade, building a, suite #1c, palm coast, fl 32137
(386) 264-6600
khuber@cohodesignsllc.com
mon-fri: 8am-4:30pm











firstname *






lastname *








email *






phone






message *




























rapid prototyping | consulting | product development


                    (386) 264-6600 khuber@cohodesignsllc.com









quick links

home
about
services
gallery
upload
contact















































