























































mohawk valley community college home










skip to content




prospective students
current students
families
employees
alumni & foundation
community & business





live chat
facebook
x / twitter
instagram
linkedin
president's blog



search








mohawk valley community college



mobile navigation


prospective students
current students
families
employees
alumni & foundation
community & business


admissions
apply
college catalog
visit
housing
international
request information


academics
areas of study
advisement
degrees & certificates
online learning
academic calendar
continuing education
libraries
the learning commons
course search
technological support


paying for college
tuition & fees
financial aid
scholarships
student work


career & transfer
career development center
career exploration
employer resources
transfer resources
transfer agreements


about mvcc
athletics
college news & events
public safety
student life at mvcc
working at mvcc
campus maps
rome campus
community education
governance
publications


visit
events
locations & hours
schedule a tour
explore campus map
















 register today!
 learn more
 learn more
 book your campus visit today!
 see course search for the offerings






 
 
 









apply now



get started



visit mvcc



find a class







at mvcc, you belong.
apply now and become part of our community!

mvcc students enjoy a strong support system of faculty, staff, advisors, and mentors
                  and graduate cost-effectively with the skills and knowledge needed to succeed at transfer
                  schools or in the workforce.

overview
diversity
our campus




90+ program options on two campuses
$5,266 yearly tuition(most receive full aid)
170+ transfer agreements with four-year schools
17 intercollegiate sports




5,700+ students
47,000 alumni worldwide
30 countries represented
425+  scholarships offered




50  clubs and organizations
5 residence halls
17:1 student-to-faculty ratio
first community college in the state












spring 2025 non-credit registration is openspring 2025 non-credit courses at mvcc! we offer both in-person and online opportunities
                                    to fit your schedule with short-term programs and workshops. open to all ages and
                                    interests!







online non-credit offerings!now offering non-credit options online! topics range from paralegal studies to project
                                    management, and everything in between. become an insurance professional, improve your
                                    computer skills, or try something new!







train and retain employees. consider apprenticeships.funding is available for employers in advanced manufacturing, healthcare, it/cybersecurity/artificial
                                    intelligence and other sectors outside of the construction trades. click to learn
                                    more.









center for leadership excellencecle is committed to connecting and inspiring community members to work together, take
                                    action, and develop the leader that exists within each of us to create positive change
                                    in the mohawk valley. check out our options and find the experience that is right
                                    for you!







evening degree programsour evening degree programs are designed to help you plan your career change around
                                    the life you live. learn how you can get started on your new career.







pre-employment police training programmvcc's police pre-employment training program allows students to complete phase i
                                    of basic police training to become ethical, competent law enforcement officers. learn
                                    more about the program today.





view more










headlines


 more news




events



24
feb


mon., 5:00 pm - invisible lives: humanizing the uphoused experience | utica campus




28
feb


fri., 6:00 pm - sound bath experience ($) | utica campus




5
mar


wed., 1:30 pm - international student cafe & conversation | utica campus




6
mar


thu., 7:00 pm - drama club musical: be more chill | utica campus




7
mar


fri., 7:00 pm - drama club musical: be more chill | utica campus



 view full event calendar |  buy tickets









educational opportunity program (eop)
the program is accepting applications. apply now!
the educational opportunity program provides access, academic support, and financial
                           assistance to make higher education possible for students who are educationally and
                           economically disadvantaged but have the potential to succeed in college. candidates
                           must meet eligibility guidelines for admission to the program.learn more...








business evening degree programs
designed to fit your life
you want a new career. our evening degree programs in business administration and
                        business analytics can help you plan your career change around the life you live.learn more...











mvcc professors believed in me before i believed in myself, and now i feel that anything
                                    is possible. the work i did with student government and the community through mvcc
                                    have shown me the importance of working with and helping others, something that will
                                    help me for the rest of my life.


john coleman, welding ’12








i served in the army as a combat medic, and was deployed twice to iraq. because of
                                    my ptsd i struggled being comfortable outside of my home. there is something intangible
                                    about mvcc - something i can’t describe - that made me feel confident and comfortable.
                                    being president of student government showed me that mvcc isn’t just a place that
                                    can change you but it can also teach you how you can change the world.


erich luther, engineering science ’16








i returned to school at age 52 after losing my job. i had never obtained a degree
                                    of any sort. i was very overwhelmed and feared failure. mvcc support services, such
                                    as adult learner services, the learning center, and the counseling center, helped
                                    me be successful. the faculty and staff at mvcc believed in me and were a key part
                                    of my journey to success.


michelle hulbert, human services ’15








beyond everything i learned in class, my involvement in campus life also helped my
                                    future career. i learned how to run meetings, work collaboratively, and multi-task.
                                    i also had the privilege of being sent to the association for the promotion of campus
                                    activities conference, where i was exposed to all kinds of talent and acts, which
                                    helped me in my current role at nbc.


selma mujevic, media marketing and management ’07










our social media updates




applyvisitrequestlogin



mohawk valley community college

utica1101 sherman drive, utica, ny 13501315-792-5400rome1101 floyd ave., rome, ny 13440315-339-3470




admissions
academics
paying for college
career & transfer
about
visit






contact
jobs
values
consumer info


anti-discrimination policy
web accessibility
reporting an error









an equal opportunity educational institution affiliated with the state university
                  of new york.© mohawk valley community college 2025. all rights reserved.















































last updated 2/11/25

