



























































    the goat | kygt-lp | 102.7 fm | clear creek county, colorado radio
  









                  

 





 donate now!


       about


   history



  behind the scenes



  sponsors



  community resources





  schedule



  archive



  djs



  support


   sponsor



  volunteer



  donate





  contact








    


   

listen live!








    
 





        in loving tribute to our founder and friend , greg markle. 1953-2024




    the greatest little radio station in colorado.

 kygt-lp (102.7 fm and 103.9 fm, "the goat") serves i-70 west, georgetown, idaho springs, silver plume, dumont, empire, bakerville, and listeners worldwide!





   



   
 on the airwaves at kygt 102.7-103.9!

"the goat" is clear creek's one and only local radio station. we are 100% supported by local donations and sponsorships and run by a team of amazing volunteers. tune in on 102.7 fm and 103.9 fm or listen online from anywhere in the world!
  

listen now!




   



    clear creek radio sponsors

   
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 engineer






view more
  

sponsor clear creek radio




   



    find out why they call our station "the goat!"

the fact that the station is affectionately known as “the goat” is confusing to some. it has nothing to do with the four-legged animal, nor is it a reference to anyone’s attitude. believe it or not, the phone company gets all the credit.
  

about "the goat"


 



   



    clear creek radio djs and hosts

coming up with a synopsis of our musical style and the genre of music we play has become simpler over the years.at clear creek radio, everything goes and there are no rules..... well almost no rules.our volunteer dj’s play what they feel, what they believe in, and gosh darn it, the greatest mix of music in the universe!
    

  frode shaw & jeremy wall
dr shag show
  

button




  

  bill mehrer
music that killed disco
  

button




  

  gary jorgensen & bob hickam
so much music so little time 
  

button




  

  bobby allison
strange notes
  

button




  

  valerie heidarsson
val’s radio 
  

button




  

  rick posner
the comfort table
  

button




  

  theresa howell
mountain mixtape
  

button




  

  john clower
the insatiable earand deeply dylan
  

button




  

  kevin donaldson
cannonball radio
  

button




  

  tracy zillion
a zillion backroads
  

button




  

  pete werlin
high school sports broadcasts
  

button




  

  jim macy
side tracks
  

button




  

  mark cucinella
morning with mozart and upstream
  

button




  

  tom dale
can you dig it?
  

button




  

  bobbi korthuis
howdy neighbor
  

button




  

  ava rosch
over and out
  

button




  

  lisa manifold
clear creek talks
  

button







  

clear creek radio djs




   



    how to support clear creek radio

do your part to keep clear creek radio on the airwaves! support local radio with a tax-deductible donation to our 501c3 nonprofit, sponsor us, or volunteer as a dj!
    

  donate to our nonprofit
every dollar goes directly to helping us keep community radio alive and well in clear creek county and every dollar is appreciated and put to good use.
  

donate




  

  sponsor our station
our sponsors keep us going and, in return, enjoy the most affordable rates around! sponsor spots are aired twice in every 24 hours. for example, if a sponsor is scheduled between 8 and 9am, it would also be scheduled between 8 and 9pm
  

sponsor




  

  volunteer as a dj
have you ever wanted to be real radio dj? ever wanted to share the music you love with more than just friends?
  

become a dj










   








       

kygt 102.7-103.9"the goat"1440 colorado blvd., p.o. box 1419idaho springs, co, 80452(303) 567-4628 clear creek radio inc. is an exempt organization as described in section 501(c)(3) of the internal revenue code; tax id# 84-1513653     

 





📻 site by crowd digital marketing























































































  
  share by:








