





the cody gooseneck hitch - the heavy duty and convenient gooseneck trailer hitch
available!












    home



our products









		cody 'air' cushion


 
 





extra
          heavy duty universal
gooseneck hitch a050


 
 




cody
          safety chain system



...




cody
        coupler



...






dealer
		info


 
 
		






navigational help


 
 
		





links






 

 
 
 
..



please refresh your browser to 
	assure that you're viewing our most recent updates

the cody hitch

	the most versatile and convenient, heavy duty gooseneck trailer hitch available!
quick-hitch, inc.  regrets to announce the retirement of one of our long time distributors, mr.  bob randels and the rocky mountain transfer company.  we wish bob all the best for a long and happy  retirement and thank him for his service to his customers and our cody  gooseneck hitch products. 
over the years, bob  has provided cody hitch customers with outstanding service and support, we now  offer a factory direct program to continue that level of service.  we encourage customers looking for quality  gooseneck hitch equipment to support the cody hitch dealer/installer near  you.  you can find a listing of our  knowledgeable, quality , cody gooseneck hitch dealers here:
	codyhitchdealers .  if you don't find a dealer listed near  you, you've been a rocky mountain transfer dealer, or would like to be a  dealer/installer for cody gooseneck hitch products, please call (970) 371-0976,  (970) 378-9929 or email 
	
	dealer inquiry . 
quick-hitch, inc.  will continue to maintain this website for those of you that are familiar with it.  we also encourage you to visit 
our sister website, 
http://pullwithcody.com  for additional information.

quick-hitch, inc.
manufacturer of cody gooseneck hitch products
welcomes you to this 
  website containing information on the  cody gooseneck trailer hitches, the cody coupler, 
  and now the very unique & popular "cody cushion".*
the cody coupler allows a 5th wheel
    trailer to be towed by a vehicle equipped with a gooseneck hitch!   





for information about a specific product, please click on 
			the

 

 next to the product or subject matter on the left

 let us hear from you, 
			we welcome your email or calls for answers to any of your questions!



 cody goodneck hitch products are powder coated 
	for a tough, bright finish!
dealership inquiries are
    encouraged
for additional 
	information
phone:
	(970) 371-0976 or (970) 378-9929 
    e-mail: 

cody hitch information
 
all cody gooseneck hitch products are 
	proudly made in the u.s.a., manufactured and 
	warranted by quick-hitch, inc. of greeley
    co.  
cody gooseneck hitches  feature the unique reversible ball 
	that turns over with no rods, springs, or linkages to pull or wear -patent
    #6,099,015-






thank you for visiting our
    website!
tell your friends about us - www.codyhitch.com 
	& www.pullwithcody.com
 
thanks!
 


there's
      a child in your community waiting for something big to happen in the new
      year.  they are dreaming about a picture of them, side-by-side with
      their big brother or big sister, taken the first day they met. 
      complete the big picture for a child.  take a moment now and
      donate.  learn about big brothers big sisters.  sign the world's
      biggest greeting card, and put yourself in the big picture.  visit
      bigbrothersbigsisters.org.
 

visitors to this site
site hosted by micro 
	solutions


    © 2011 quick-hitch, inc.





