




 allensville planing mill: your hometown hardware store | equipment rental | party rental | trusses  | allensville planing mill






































email us today
view locations


|



social media links



facebook











top right nav



                contact
            


















allensville 108 e main st allensville 717-483-6386
huntingdon fair grounds rd huntingdon 814-643-4551
lewistown kish pike lewistown 717-248-9688









                        search rental products
                    










                            view your requests availability cart
                        















site navigation



toggle navigation









                home
            



                about
                




                        about
                    



                                events
                            





                departments
            



                blog
            



                careers
            



                locations
            



                contact us
            



                special offers
            













allensville homepage slider






go to slide, "visit our lewistown & huntingdon location!"


go to slide, "rite in the rain® products"







visit our lewistown & huntingdon location!
              

                                                                            locations
                                                                    







rite in the rain® products
now available in all three locations!






go to previous slide of "allensville homepage slider"



go to next slide of "allensville homepage slider"


























                    ship to store
                












                    events
                
















                caring for your lawn in the fall
            







 


















local ad






go to slide, "bargains of the month"







bargains of the month
check out these savings! 

                                                                            learn more
                                                                    











expert articles & advice













                    caring for your lawn in the fall
                


                we know that you’ve been caring for your grass all throughout the summer and at this point looking after it has probably become a tedious task. however, caring for your lawn in the fall is just as important so your grass can stay healthy through the winter months. here are some tips on caring for...
            




        finish reading  caring for your lawn in the fall                    
    













                    what to do when you have a roof leak
                


                a leaking roof can be a very stressful situation for any homeowner, no matter what the size, extent, or location of the leak. knowing how to react to a roof leak, however, including what steps to take to repair the damage, can help you correct the problem and be confident in the strength and...
            




        finish reading  what to do when you have a roof leak                    
    













                    july 4th weekend projects
                


                every homeowner wants their home to look its best, and there are plenty of easy, effective projects you can tackle over a summer weekend to spruce up your home. these quick projects are ideal for the july 4th weekend or any long weekend when you want your home to shine. why do summer weekend...
            




        finish reading  july 4th weekend projects                    
    







        read all blogs




brands we love



















































about us



                about us
            



                locations
            



                events
            



                careers
            






site map



                home
            



                departments
            



                special offers
            



                blog
            



                products
            



                contact
            













©  2025 allensville planing mill. all rights reserved.


                view our accessibility statement
            


        driven by new media retailer













