



	home





























member portal
course administration




















advancing the ems profession









toggle navigation






joinjoin overviewmembership glossarymembership categoriesmember benefitsjoinagency membership sign-upnaemt agency membersmembership coordinatorseducationeducation overvieweducation glossaryauthorized naemt training centerslocate a coursenaemt education coordinatorsbecome an naemt instructortrauma educationmedical educationoperational educationrefresher educationbystander educationrecertnaemt education worldwideadvocacyadvocacy overviewonline legislative serviceadvocacy coordinatorsnaemt ems pacnaemt positionsletters and commentscongressional ems caucussample state ems legislationother organizationsnational ems advocacy awardsinitiativesinitiatives overviewnational ems weeknational ems awardsdiversity and inclusionems economicsems researchlighthouse leadership program#iamemsresourcesresources overviewcommunity educationdisaster preparednessems safetyfederal fundinghealth, wellness and resilienceinfectious diseasemih-cpscholarshipssupporting our militaryworkforce developmenteventsevents overviewems on the hill daynaemt annual meetingworld trauma symposiumnaemt radio podcastsems webinarsems conferencesregisterabout naemtnaemt overviewboard of directorsnaemt committeesour staffnaemt bylawsnaemt pulsehistory of naemtpress releasescorporate partnershipaffiliated associationsems corporate engagement councilnaemt foundationabout emsems overviewcareersfind a jobdegrees in emscode of ethicsmember portal
course administration
















































































top news




naemt celebrates 50 years of championing the essential role of ems in community care





dr. frank butler, jr. to receive the presidential citizens medal





naemt celebrates 50 years, 1975-2025





congratulations to 2024 member holiday raffle winners!





naemt-supported hearts act (h.r. 6829) heads to president for signing









more news






you can empower ems on april 3


empowering ems begins with you! | view info
share your ems story with congress to get the support you need. members of congress must hear how your challenges impact your patients and care in your community. your representatives want to hear from you. speak directly to your u.s. senators, representatives, and key legislative staff to help them understand how to support you and your agency. ask them to support treat-in-place/tip, direct funding, and patient and practitioner safety legislation. participate in hill day and share your story.

 
 






subscribe to naemt radio



episode 46 | national associations collaborate with naemt. in this engaging episode, naemt president chris way and special guest kevin joles, division chief of ems at olathe fd and chair of the ems section of the international association of fire chiefs (iafc) dive into the value of collaboration across ems organizations and the importance of strategic planning to shape the future of prehospital care. with a focus on the la wildfires, chris and kevin reflect on how ems continues to adapt and respond to challenges such as wildfires and disasters, emphasizing the role of advocacy, innovation, and education in strengthening the profession.

episode 45 | welcome naemt president chris way.
newly elected president chris way outlines his vision for the future of naemt, emphasizing the importance of strengthening the organization’s membership, enhancing ems’s presence at all levels of government, and ensuring that the profession is better supported and more widely recognized by the end of his tenure. a key focus will be strategic planning to set ambitious, long-term goals and establish a roadmap for success. chris also highlighted plans to celebrate naemt’s 50th anniversary in 2025, marking the organization’s rich history while preparing for its next chapter.
 


episode 44 | president susan bailey recaps her two years in office.
susan discusses the significant milestones of her presidency, including a successful ems on the hill day, pivotal leadership transitions, and stronger collaboration with national and international ems organizations. susan shares her proudest moments, from advancing legislative advocacy for ems to working alongside the dedicated naemt staff and board members. she also highlights the global reach of naemt’s educational programs and their influence on ems systems worldwide.
 
episode 43 | naemt's 2025 newly elected officers. meet the leaders who will bring their wealth of experience and passion to continue the momentum of naemt’s next chapter. in this episode, macara trusty shares the origins and successes of the lighthouse leadership program, a cornerstone for developing future ems leaders. chris cebollero emphasizes the importance of professional organizations in driving change and empowering ems professionals to take charge of their industry. bruce evans, as treasurer, outlines his vision for naemt’s financial stewardship and organizational modernization. finally, rob luckritz, president-elect, reflects on his career in ems and advocacy while discussing his goals for the association’s future.



episode 42 | importance of sustained advocacy efforts
chris way, naemt president-elect, and kim krenik, naemt director of federal relations, emphasize the narrow legislative window to secure critical funding and policy support before congress recesses on dec. 31. chris and kim discuss the importance of sustained advocacy efforts to push essential ems bills across the finish line. key priorities, such as the tip act and medicare extenders, face tight deadlines and will need swift, unified action from ems professionals across the country.




episode 41 | mentees, mentors and the naemt lighthouse leadership program
listen to dave edgar, rom duckworth, tiara green, and tony bixbyas they discuss the critical role of mentorship in ems leadership development, focusing on the naemt lighthouse leadership program. they delve into the program’s origins, inspired by ems pioneer jim page, and how it provides tailored mentorship to ems professionals. our guests reflect on their experiences as both mentors and mentees, emphasizing the value of personal and professional growth while highlighting key program features, such as the journal club, and the importance of real-world problem-solving, along with the powerful support system that the mentorship fosters. tiara and tony recently completed the program and share how it has shaped their leadership approach and how they are now paying it forward by mentoring others.



 

episode 40 | pan american trauma society

the pan american trauma society (pts) is an organization that connects trauma experts across north, central, and south america to improve patient outcomes. in this episode, dr. paula ferrada, system and division chief for trauma and acute care surgery services, inova healthcare system, and juan cardona, naemt’s representative to the pts, discuss the impactful work of pts. dr. ferrada shares her early experiences in colombia to becoming a leader in u.s. trauma care and president of pts, highlighting the evolving practices in trauma management and the shift to prioritizing bleeding control in the "x-abcs" of trauma care. juan recounts his work supporting emergency systems throughout latin america, emphasizing the importance of resourcefulness in prehospital care and the need for proactive, cross-border collaboration in trauma response.
 



 


naemt radio is hosted by naemt member and lighthouse leadership program mentor – rob lawrence. visit all naemt radio episodes 













corporate partner ninth brain


first responders are presented with complex situations, dangerous environments and loads of reporting requirements. with over a hundred government and privately owned clients, we understand the complex world of compliance management. our integrated solution is designed to help organizations keep their business in check to serve the public. manage crew schedules, track qi incidents, accident investigation, and much more. learn more about our ems management software.





#iamems campaign

building awareness of the ems profession is key to growing the ems workforce. to assist ems agencies and departments in their workforce recruitment efforts, naemt has created the #iamems campaign. the campaign goal is two-fold: 1) to provide hiring managers with promotional resources for recruitment, and 2) to provide those interested in an ems career with information to help them get started. naemt has developed digital marketing resources for use in recruitment efforts. 
view resources







discounts for naemt members


get the ce you need, when you need it, all in one easy to use place. the recert.com course library offers hundreds of high-quality ems trauma, medical, and operational online courses, including the best naemt education! most courses take just 1 hour to complete and feature interactive, media-rich, scenario-based learning. view courses




























featured corporate partners























































































join

join overview
membership glossary
membership categories
member benefits
join
agency membership sign-up
naemt agency members
membership coordinators




education

education overview
education glossary
authorized naemt training centers
locate a course
naemt education coordinators
become an naemt instructor
trauma education
medical education
operational education
refresher education
bystander education
recert
naemt education worldwide






advocacy

advocacy overview
online legislative service
advocacy coordinators
naemt ems pac
naemt positions
letters and comments
congressional ems caucus
sample state ems legislation
other organizations
national ems advocacy awards




initiatives

initiatives overview
national ems week
national ems awards
diversity and inclusion
ems economics
ems research
lighthouse leadership program
#iamems






events

events overview
ems on the hill day
naemt annual meeting
world trauma symposium
naemt radio podcasts
ems webinars
ems conferences
register




publications







about naemt

naemt overview
board of directors
naemt committees
our staff
naemt bylaws
naemt pulse
history of naemt
press releases
corporate partnership
affiliated associations
ems corporate engagement council
naemt foundation




about ems

ems overview
careers
find a job
degrees in ems
code of ethics








national association of emergency medical technicians
po box 1400clinton, ms 39060-1400
1-800-34-naemtp: 601-924-7744f: 601-924-7325
info@naemt.org







©2025 national association of emergency medical technicians. all rights reserved.   privacy policy | terms of use














