




alzheimer's disease resource center | long island #


























































































 









skip to content

































 
donate










facebook-f
 



twitter
 



youtube
 



linkedin
 


















about us

2024 annual impact report alzheimer’s disease resource center board of directors finances news & media coverage our staff testimonials
programs & services

what is alzheimer’s disease? counseling and referrals community presentations professional training support beyond adrc: trusted resources for families resource guide art therapy for people with alzheimer’s equine therapy for people with alzheimer’s music therapy for people with alzheimer’s virtual recreation with carol hartmann
get involved

donate to adrc corporate sponsorships memory cafe sponsor subscribe to our newsletter volunteer
events

calendar caregiver toolkit lunch & learn education conference equine therapy person-centered care ceu event






menu
close






























 
answers and supporthelp & hopeadrc is a long island nonprofit providing resources and support for those impacted by cognitive decline. we partner with families to  provide care consultations, support groups, life-enrichment activities, and education. 
art therapyquality of lifeby offering life-enrichment activities, adrc helps those with cognitive decline express themselves and their creativity. programs offered include art, music, equine, memory cafes, museum programs, and much more. participants and caregivers enjoy activities together, creating new memories. 
community supportcommunity connectionswhether it’s our east islip location or out in the community, adrc makes it easy to access helpful resources.  information, advice and referrals are provided free of charge. our network links you to healthcare and legal professionals who offer specialized assistance and who have been vetted by our organization.  
 



  











the alzheimer's disease resource center - serving long island families since  1983 



we provide care consultations, information & referrals, community education, support groups, life-enrichment and therapy programs for caregivers and their loved ones. we offer educational training to professional healthcare workers, graduate students, and other organizations throughout long island.our missionto empower families and caregivers affected by alzheimer’s disease and other dementias through compassionate care, comprehensive support, and free accessible programs. 












our impact 











measuring help & hope 



each day families across long island reach out to adrc looking for answers and resources. we assist families with the ongoing challenges of cognitive decline and other forms of dementia. our  staff is knowledgeable and trained. reach out today to learn more. 



here’s how our dedicated team served long island families in 2024 







art expression program – 833 session & 144 artists  











life enrichment sessions offered – 207 activities & 2359 participants 











education & training – 44 sessions and 537 participantscommunity education – 22 presentations & 976 individuals attendingcommunity outreach – 40 programs & 2456 participants 



care consultations – 160 initial care consults, 140 follow-up = 300 











support groups – 183 group meetings, 750 units of service, 17 groups 











 



families attending ourequine therapy program 














calendar of upcoming events














donate















news 


















				education conference – creative connections: the arts as a bridge to memory and well-being			


join us for an inspiring and educational conference exploring the transformative power of the arts in dementia care! whether you’re a caregiver, healthcare professional, artist,


			read more »		



			february 12, 2025		









				facility care specialist			


do you have a passion for making a difference in the lives of individuals affected by alzheimer’s disease? join our team at the alzheimer’s disease


			read more »		



			november 19, 2024		









				2024 art expression art exhibit			


the annual art expression art show reception honored the artists and their caregivers on friday, september 20. more than 300 folks joined us in viewing


			read more »		



			september 24, 2024		






« previous
page1
page2
page3
next » 









share via:











































more

















			the alzheimer's disease resource center welcomes all advocates and volunteers. 

fight by speaking up for those who are affected by alzheimer's and join our local community of volunteers!
		

volunteer today!








200 carleton avenue
east islip, ny 11730

631.580.5100

info@adrcinc.org 

 

follow us

opens in a new tabopens in a new tabopens in a new tab 

 

quick linkscontact us
staff
board of directors
financial
home
privacy policy
 





				alzheimer's disease resource center, inc. (adrc) is a not-for-profit 501(c)(3) tax exempt organization (ein 11-2637292).   
© alzheimer's disease resource center. all rights reserved. 
  website by adrc 2025			















about us

2024 annual impact report
alzheimer’s disease resource center board of directors
finances
news & media coverage
our staff
testimonials


programs & services

what is alzheimer’s disease?
counseling and referrals
community presentations
professional training
support beyond adrc: trusted resources for families
resource guide
art therapy for people with alzheimer’s
equine therapy for people with alzheimer’s
music therapy for people with alzheimer’s
virtual recreation with carol hartmann


get involved

donate to adrc
corporate sponsorships
memory cafe sponsor
subscribe to our newsletter
volunteer


events

calendar
caregiver toolkit lunch & learn
education conference
equine therapy
person-centered care ceu event





type your search














 
 




x

 


















































skip to content



share via

 




 

facebook



 

x (twitter)



 

linkedin



 

mix



 

email



 

print



 

copy link



powered by social snap






copy link

 




copycopied
 
powered by social snap






open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset








