






natural bioenergetics™ | a system of bioenergetic techniques.



























































 











skip to content 





 






0 

 

 




menu 








menu 
nb™ classes
shop



cart
checkout
my account | login


contact
about



about dr. jimmy scott ph.d.
about natural bioenergetics™
history of natural bioenergetics™


blog
more…



resources



testimonials
find a nb™ practitioner/specialist
resources for nb™ students and nb™ practitioners/specialists
resources for teachers
self help
articles


life transformers™



about life transformers™
article: the chamber
article: the trek


cure your own allergies in minutes™



home
book content
it may not be allergy
what is the allergy tap™
download the manual










0 

 

 























 











allergy blaster™ 





the amazing allergy blaster™ is a programmed gemstone specifically designed to neutralize the bioenergies that cause allergic reactions. 







more info








































 











				normalize function™bioenergetic tool					





the normalize function™ bioenergetic tool is a pair of programmed gemstones specifically created to address blockages in energy flowing through physical tissues. 







more info






































join our
natural bioenergetics™
newsletters and updates
email list 










* indicates required

email address  *




first name  *




last name  *






 






 















































						become who you are designed to be					

						natural bioenergetics™ has powerful techniques that balance your energy, allowing you to live to your fullest potential.					


						learn more					







































learn about how dr. jimmy scott created natural bioenergetics™, a system of bioenergetic techniques that finds disturbed energy flow in the body/mind and corrects it, helping people heal energetically from a huge range of psychological, physical, and environmental issues. dr. jimmy scott and his natural bioenergetics™ teachers, a group of professional, highly skilled practitioners, are teaching natural bioenergetics™ around the world in many languages to professional healers as well as people who just want to help themselves and their families (including pets!) overcome health problems. 























						learn about natural bioenergetics™					


						click here					




















						find a practitioner					


						click here					




















						discover self-help tools					


						click here					







































 










about dr. jimmy scott 




jimmy scott, ph.d., is the original founder of the international natural bioenergetics™ movement. dr. scott’s work is referenced worldwide and includes a best selling book as well as published research papers in traditional scientific and medical journals. 







more about dr. scott













































						transform your life with natural bioenergetics™					

						“when i was made unexpectently redundant, after a week later i was left with an overriding feeling of sadness. i wore the ‘grief’ lt  for a day, had a good cry for the first time – and i mean i sobbed and sobbed. by the next day, i felt lighter, more optimistic and accepting of what had happened.”
– h matkin, england

“situations began to change for me almost as soon as i put the life transformers on. 3 months later i feel i’ve come a long way in removing myself from a situation that had been rather stuck and very bad for my self-esteem, ongoing for 9 years. an unhealthy pattern has definitely changed.”
– f. fallon, england 












































						announcement: jimmy scott  is passing the torch to  natural bioenergetics global					

greetings to the hk/nb community,
i would like to share with you some of the exciting changes that have occurred within health kinesiology, now called natural bioenergetics here in north america. i have been working with a number of individuals and teams to “pass the hk/nb torch” to the future generations. our goal has been to provide for a stable transition into the new infrastructure capable of overseeing hk/nb well into the future. 


						read more					































					©1978-2025 natural bioenergetics inc. all rights reserved. | privacy policy | please read our legal disclaimer 
















































