




oracle service






















































































































































































skip to content
accessibility policy















products
industries
resources
customers
partners
developers
company









close search











search oracle.com


quick links
oracle cloud infrastructure

oracle fusion cloud applications
oracle database
download java

careers at oracle

















search







country















view accounts


back

cloud account
sign in to cloud
sign up for free cloud tier

oracle account

sign-in
create an account


help
sign out




contact sales



menu






menu














overview


service products


service center
digital customer service
fusion field service
intelligent advisor
knowledge management




product tours

















applications
customer experience












oracle service
deliver efficient service outcomes at scale when and where customers engage. oracle service is a unified platform of apps, data, and capabilities enabling effortless self-service, agent-assisted service, and field service workflows tailored to your industry and use case.


read the solution brochure (pdf)


request a demo























start your cloud cx transformation with oracle fusion field service
join our webinar on february 25th to learn how to unify the service lifecycle—from the field to the back office.


register now





oracle named a leader in the gartner® magic quadrant™ for the crm customer engagement center
customer service and support technology leaders can consult this report to help identify the service technology suite that best fits their needs.


download now





explore the power of ai and automation in service
learn cutting-edge best practices for service delivery, including how ai and automation are transforming the way service teams operate. explore our on-demand webcast catalog for insights.


view the catalog













explore oracle service


 

customer self-service
agent-assisted service
field service











automate common customer service requests
help customers get answers faster, free your agents to handle more complex tasks, and reduce cost with self-service tools.

build and deploy a branded customer help center to assist with common questions and initiate digital messaging conversations.
curate and publish helpful knowledge articles, how-to videos, technical schematics, product manuals, and other useful artifacts for solving issues.
let digital assistants drive rich conversational experiences with customers and service automation tools to deliver outcomes compliant with your business rules.
automatically transfer escalated requests from self-service channels to live agents, preserving context and conversation history and eliminating the need for the customer to repeat information.



















boost agent productivity to create a better customer experience
give agents a complete, unified view of the customer plus intelligent tools to find answers, collaborate across the business and solve cases faster.


automatically route cases to the best agent or team based on their skill set and availability—regardless of the channel the customer engaged.
enable agents to deliver accurate and timely answers with a searchable activity feed of all customer interactions as well as purchase, service, and billing history in a single view.
accelerate agent onboarding and improve productivity by automating service workflows according to your business rules plus using ai to guide agents to answers and recommend next best actions.
let generative ai help summarize service requests, author knowledge articles, and craft context-rich responses to customer inquiries.
solve complex issues faster by embedding knowledge and digital assistants in your agent workspace while enabling cross-team collaboration via native tools or integration with slack or microsoft teams.


















enable efficient field service operations
schedule, route, and equip mobile workers to complete service activities at a customer’s home, office, or installed asset location.


 explore field service



ensure on-time arrivals, reduce distance driven, eliminate unnecessary truck rolls, and complete more jobs per day with an ai-driven scheduling and routing engine.
give field technicians powerful mobile tools for completing service activities, including guided workflows, access to knowledge, and video collaboration with expert support.
manage service parts availability and arrange product returns for repair and help mobile workers order, receive, transfer, and reserve parts for completing service.
track the real-time location, health, and utilization of your iot-connected assets and automatically initiate self-healing routines, send customer communications, and schedule field service activities if an issue arises.





























oracle service customer successes

view more customer successes


learn why companies across all industries use oracle service to deliver differentiated and meaningful customer service experiences. click on a logo to learn more.







































































why choose oracle service?




create digital-first experiences for your customers
with oracle service’s automated solutions, brands can give customers the power to easily find information and answers to their questions or engage with a live person when necessary.




improve your organization’s data visibility
oracle offers solutions across multiple applications and customer touchpoints to help businesses connect data across service, marketing, sales, commerce, loyalty, finance, and supply chain. customers receive more personalized and holistic service experiences, as well as more immediate problem resolutions, without having to engage a company at multiple touchpoints.




simplify customer service delivery
help agents focus on high-value interactions by providing guided assistance, next-best-action recommendations, and automation for routine processes—all from within a single desktop application. agents have more time to focus on high-value client relationships and revenue-generating opportunities.




transform the asset-based field service lifecycle
predict and prevent downtime, improve efficiency, and grow service-related revenue by automating the workflows that connect your customers and their assets to your teams, your supply chain, and your back office.













resources


 

cloud readiness
documentation
cloud learning
customer community
support and services
best practices















best practices and resources
find best practices and useful resources that can help you make the most of your cx products. whether you’re a new customer or are looking for ways to optimize or expand your implementation, you can find what you need.
explore feature kits





overview and demos

 video: deliver personalized customer service experiences (1:48)
 browse all oracle service product tours
 generative ai knowledge article authoring (2:50)
 generative ai service agent assistant (1:03)












 


documentation
oracle offers a wide range of documentation, videos, and tutorials that will help you learn more about oracle service. you'll find all of these resources and more in the oracle help center.
 view documentation





additional information

 oracle fusion service documentation
 b2c service documentation
  field service documentation
  oracle fusion service help center videos
 oracle b2c service help center videos
 oracle field service help center videos












 


develop your cx skills
oracle university provides a variety of learning solutions to help you build cloud skills, validate expertise, and accelerate adoption. learn more about the training and certification you can rely on to ensure your organization's success.
 browse cx training





more learning resources

 cx training and certifications
 oracle guided learning












 


cloud customer connect
cloud customer connect is oracle's premier online cloud community. specifically designed for peer collaboration, best practice sharing, and to provide needed tools for members so they can keep pace with product strategy. in addition, members are able to provide feedback on sales cloud, marketing cloud, and service cloud solutions—directly to oracle development.
 join or log in





additional information

 request an executive briefing
 oracle cx linkedin community












 


oracle cloud marketplace
power innovation with innovative partner applications and services. find the most comprehensive list of sales cloud, service cloud, and marketing cloud applications in the oracle cloud marketplace.

 browse the marketplace






consulting and partner services

 oracle consulting
 find a partner
 partner with oracle cx












 


customer service best practices
customer service is all of the interaction points that a company has with customers after (and even before) they buy and use products/services. it includes digital self-service activities or assisted activities—through a contact center—with the purpose of offering product suggestions, troubleshooting issues and complaints, or responding to general questions. great customer service is a competitive differentiator that promotes customer loyalty and advocacy.
 learn more—customer service





additional best practices

 what is cx?
 what is crm?
 types of crm
 how to pick the best crm
 what is knowledge management
 what is the roi of crm?
 what is a/b testing?
 what is multivariate testing?












news and opinions

 4 ways oracle is the best at delivering intelligent service (pdf)
 oracle cx analyst reports



events and replays

oracle service customer webinar series






compare solutions

 oracle cx vs. salesforce
 oracle service vs. salesforce service cloud
 oracle cx vs. adobe
 oracle field service vs. salesforce field service/lighting
 oracle service vs. zendesk





















the oracle playbook series
we've compiled the secrets to our people, process, and systems strategy. and we want to share them with you.


get the details














get started



request a demo


take a tour


contact sales















resources for

careers
developers
investors
partners
researchers
students and educators





why oracle

analyst reports

best cloud-based
erp
cloud economics
social impact
culture and inclusion
security practices





learn

what is cloud
computing?
what is crm?
what is
docker?
what is
kubernetes?
what is
python?
what is saas?





news and events

news
oracle cloudworld
oracle cloudworld tour
oracle health summit
oracle dev tour
search all events





contact us

us sales: +1.800.633.0738
how can we help?
subscribe to emails
integrity helpline
accessibility










country/region





© 2025 oracle
privacy/do not sell my
info



ad
choices
careers




























