









subrogation lawyers | subrogation law firm | keis george llp















































































skip to content









 










 about

work with us
our attorneys

warren s. george
herbert l. nussle
patrick j. o’malley
brad krapfl
kevin f. keeley
matthew c. workman
lisa m. gerlack-george
sade b. ojediran
patrick d. lockhart
timothy griffin
claire m. connolly
destiny piccirillo
william h. keis, jr.


our staff
careers


subrogation

property
fire and explosion
construction defect
trucking and transportation
auto
workers’ compensation
product liability
insurance defense
bond loss
commercial collections


cases
resources

blog
news
client portal
early involvement
request a payment plan
make a payment


contact

cleveland
columbus
chicago
indianapolis


 








 









exploreexplore 















redefining subrogation 



with offices in cleveland, chicago, columbus, and indianapolis, keis george llp is a subrogation law firm representing insurance companies and self-insured businesses throughout the united states. our subrogation lawyers have more than 150 years of combined experience working with clients and experts to maximize recovery in property subrogation, auto subrogation, and workers’ compensation subrogation. from pursuing files involving fire and explosions to recovering against manufacturers of faulty and defective products, our efficient and comprehensive litigation strategy will redefine what it means to recover your money faster. 











subrogation lawyers 



the subrogation lawyers at keis george have extensive experience litigating in state and federal courts throughout the united states. as some matters are resolved outside of court, we have earned positive outcomes for our clients in all legal proceedings. we have achieved verdicts, settlements, and judgments for clients against major product manufacturers, contractors, other insurance carriers, engineers and architects, and at-fault drivers. our clients also rely on us for assistance with commercial collections, claim evaluations, and post-judgment recovery including license suspension, wage garnishment, liens, bank account attachment, and more.from pursuing large loss files involving fire and explosions to recovering against manufacturers of faulty and defective products, our efficient and comprehensive litigation strategy will redefine what it means to recover your money faster. working with keis george may mean more of the following: improve your ratios — an insurance company has three sources of revenue: premiums, investments, and recoveries through subrogation. increasing revenue by raising premiums is not a good option, and even the most prudent investments are subject to larger market forces. the most efficient way to raise revenue is to improve the company’s performance in subrogation recovery;greater insured satisfaction and loyalty — success in subrogation means policyholders get their deductibles back or get a recovery even when losses exceed policy limits. subrogation also keeps premiums under control and could result in dividends for mutual companies. these positive outcomes translate into customer loyalty and positive word of mouth, which is always the best advertising; andsystem for product recalls and defects — investigations conducted for subrogation claims often result in the discovery of defective products. your company will benefit from our system of holding manufacturers, wholesalers, and distributors liable for dangerous consumer products.subrogation litigationwe litigate in the following areas: large loss property subrogation; construction defect subrogation; fire and explosions subrogation; product liability subrogation; trucking and transportation subrogation; auto subrogation; workers’ compensation subrogation; insurance defense; bond loss; and commercial collections.complex subrogation law firmat keis george, we have the resources to confront complex claims, provide highly personalized attention, and offer a competitive fee structure. clients may expect superior case management, information security, and most importantly, increased recoveries. take advantage of our capabilities and allow keis george to redefine what it means to recover your money faster. contact one of our subrogation lawyers to schedule a consultation.  






review a file




















our offices 











cleveland 



55 public square, suite 1900 cleveland, ohio 44113phone:  216-241-4100 fax:  216-771-3111  







columbus 



450 west wilson bridge rd, suite 370worthington, ohio 43085phone: 614-220-0300fax:  614-228-0302  







chicago 



1 north lasalle street, suite 4500 chicago, illinois 60602phone:  312-606-4100 fax:  312-606-4102  







indianapolis 



450 east 96th street, suite 500 indianapolis, indiana 46240
phone:  317-999-7679
 fax:  833-869-7679  











keis george llp 



keis george is a subrogation law firm with offices in cleveland, columbus, chicago, and indianapolis. keis george has the resources to confront complex claims, provide personalized attention, and offer a competitive fee structure. clients may expect superior case management, information security, and increased recoveries. allow keis george to redefine what it means to recover your subrogation dollars faster. 










subrogation




cases




blog




news




request a proposal











enewsletter 



please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.disclaimer and privacy policy *i have read and agree to the terms and conditions listed below.i understand that by submitting my email address, i am giving keis george permission to email me.read terms and conditionsphonesubscribe  






linkedin-in
 



facebook-f
 



twitter
 



youtube
 














the terms, conditions, and use of our website is governed by our disclaimer and privacy policy. by visiting our website you acknowledge you have read the disclaimer and privacy policy and are bound by the terms and conditions. the information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. the use of this website should not be misconstrued as legal advice or a representation that it can obtain certain results in any legal matter. be advised, prior results do not in any way guarantee a similar outcome. use of this website does not constitute the formation of an attorney-client relationship. furthermore, use of this website may constitute an advertisement under certain state rules. through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of keis george. keis george is not responsible for the link content. this website uses cookies to ensure visitors receive a superior experience. this website does not use cookies for advertising. view our disclaimer and privacy policy to learn more. 









 


























































