


voices from heaven- the robert baca story




















robert's story


















































robert baca was born with psychic gifts, but was not encouraged to use them. after surviving a life threatening accident in may of 2000. his life was changed forever, and the use of his psychic abilities could no longer be suppressed. the visions and messages from spirits close to people around him became overwhelming. using robert as a communicator to those in the physical world, they insisted upon passing their messages to their loved ones. to seek greater understanding of this, robert met with a psychic by the name of terri harlan who is from janesville,iowa, who taught him how to use these gifts to help others.
he learned that his gifts were similar to those of world-renowned psychics such as john edward and james van praagh. he has conducted readings and delivered messages from the other side for those who seek this communication and validation of their loved ones who have crossed over. communication of love and appreciation is often transferred to those who attend the gallery shows and private sessions.
robert is the proud father of three beautiful angels.
"continually, i am filled with gratitude to be able to help others to connect and communicate in this way. the spiritual world has been, and continues to be, a great teacher for both others and myself. being involved with this work keeps me connected to the divine, and offers hope, validation, and appreciation through this important communication to the spiritual realm," robert said in a recent appearance in des moines, ia. for those who are seeking comfort by connecting with the other side, may the pure light of love and divine protection be with you always!
after many television and public appearances, and hundreds of readings. robert continues to astound believers and skeptics alike. robert has become one of the best known psychic mediums in the midwest.
robert can be contacted at:
    
 visits since 2015










©2002- 2009 east meets west productions for robert baca. hosted & maintained by trunet.org









