




psitek - free life-changing books - self improvement, prosperity, spirituality, mind power, law of attraction





































manifest your dreams effortlessly
								


are you sick and tired of endless reality creation courses, videos, books and teachers promising you the life of your dreams if you follow their instant 'secret' manifesting method - but they don't ultimately work?
                     
the manifesting lab shows you how to systematically turn your mind into a law of attraction deliberate manifesting machine that will steadily attract your most-wanted desires into your reality ...forever.
take a look around and see for yourself.
click here to visit the manifesting lab





















three easy steps to a longer, healthier and happier life
								


this book will help you live life to the fullest in spite of how destroyed, polluted, or shattered the real world you're living in seems to be right now.  
                     
living a longer, healthier and happier life is really not that complicated. but you may be making it seem complicated for yourself. this book will get you back on track.
                     




read now for free



















how to command and master your emotions
							

this book will help you defeat those self-inflicted destructive emotions that hinder you from attaining success and freedom in life. 
                     
you will learn how to convert these negative emotions into positive ones using the incredible power of your mind. 
                     
applying this knowledge will propel you to reach any goal you pursue in life. 




read now for free



















the path of prosperity
							

in the path of prosperity author james allen, one of the forefathers of the power of positive thinking, guides you towards finding peace and prosperity by changing your attitude towards life's challenges.
                     
along the lines of his other masterful work as a man thinketh, allen demonstrates how to transform your life by simply changing the thoughts that you allow yourself to think.
                     




read now for free



















assertiveness: the art of getting your way nicely
							

assertiveness is the ability to express yourself and your rights clearly without necessarily violating anyone else's rights. 
                     
it means that you get to have your way without offending anyone else. 
                     
if you feel the people around you have been manipulating and controlling you and it's now time to stand up for yourself, then this is the book for you.




read now for free



















blueprints for living
							

if you were going to build a house, you wouldn't just start building immediately.
                     
you would first get a well-designed set of blueprints to guide the construction and ensure the house was built well.
                     
similarly, if you want to build your life well, you would be wise to first study a set of blueprints for living.
this book contains those blueprints.
                     




read now for free



















how to defeat procrastination
							

you know the feeling...you need to get something done.
you have no choice but to get it done. but you keep making excuses and creating artificial delays to put off doing it. why?
this book examines the causes of procrastination in our lives, and then goes on to suggest solutions to eliminate the problem for good.




read now for free



















the inner consciousness
							

the basis of the inner consciousness is that human beings have access to higher levels of consciousness and spiritual meaning by tuning into them through meditation and concentration.
the book begins by describing the different centers of the mind and uses imagery to help readers understand how to reach their own inner consciousness and use it to its full potential.




read now for free



















set your motivation on fire
							

motivation is not just something you feel. instead, it is more of an attitude that you can deliberately learn.
it is all about responding to external and internal factors in order to successfully realize your goals.
in set your motivation on fire, you will learn how to develop fiery motivation and use it effectively in your day-to-day life.




read now for free



















the great within
							

metaphysical author christian d larson explains in a practical way how to consciously create what you want using the power of thought
he shows how the human mind, through thoughts and feelings, creates the exact circumstances of every person's life.
the book is a refreshing and lucid exploration of the conscious and subconscious, the law of attraction, and the internal and external aspects of the human mind.




read now for free



















the wonderful power of charisma
							

have you ever felt that you were invisible? have you ever thought people don't give you the attention you deserve? do you just seem to get overlooked by others?
isn't it better when other people recognize you and pay attention, not because of any negative qualities about you, but because of your natural magnetic personal charm?
that, my friend, is the wonderful power of charisma!




read now for free



















the power of silence
							

for thousands of years, men and women have come to the realization that the key to personal and spiritual growth is to be found within themselves when they surrender to the power of silence.
if you have ever been interested in practising silence-based methods like meditation or prayer, or even just want to find out more about them, then this book is for you.
it explains ancient techniques in an easy-to-understand way and also goes on to tackle some of the biggest questions regarding human existence.




read now for free



















the laugh factor
							

though it is not often emphasized, a sense of humor is one of the most essential ingredients for a successful and happy life.
it is the secret sauce of many of the world's highest achievers and most-admired leaders.
this book will help you discover your inner sense of humor and develop it into an appealing part of your personality.




read now for free



















be good to yourself
							

if you want to reach your potential and stay there, there's one thing you absolutely must do - think well of yourself.
those who believe they don't deserve much from life ultimately discover that they don't get much from life.
be good to yourself effortlessly blends self-confidence, self-help and spirituality into a fascinating and motivating exploration of self-empowering attitudes.




read now for free



















how to be a genius
							

geniuses have the upper edge in life. they can handle any challenge in life because of their superior mental capacity.
there's no restriction to their talents and abilities, and other people are simply amazed at their potential.
this book shows you the shortest route to become a genius. why be just an ordinary person when you can excel at the things that you really want?




read now for free


















thoughts are things

many years before the current surge of interest in the law of attraction, author prentice mulford was already writing about it.
he wrote how what we think about is what we attract to ourselves in our lives. and he discussed in detail, for example, how people who talk about suffering eventually bring suffering to themselves in some form
while there are many who are now familiar with these metaphysical ideas, mulford discusses many thought-power topics that are less widely known, even today.




read now for free

















learn while you sleep

can you actually learn while you lie fast asleep in your bed?
at first glance, such a thing sounds completely impossible. surely it is some kind of joke?
but think again. there is plenty of evidence and research that demonstrates that not only is learning while you sleep completely possible, but it is totally practical to achieve.
this book learn while you sleep reveals the principles and secrets that lie behind this fascinating subject.
						




read now for free

















detoxify your life: eliminating bad habits effectively

do you feel paralyzed by your bad habits. are they making you feel trapped and unable to move?
well, it's time for a change. these habits have to go. now is the time to take hold of your life
your bad habits won't go away by themselves if you don't do something about them. reading this book is the first step towards a more gratifying existence.




read now for free

















amazing secrets to organizing time and space

have you stopped inviting people to your house because it's such a mess? afraid they'll discover your dirty little secret?
you long to have that perfect environment - clean, neat, and tidy, a place for everything, and everything in its place. but that type of home exists only in movies and in magazines, right? if you think so, think again.
this book reveals powerful methods you have always wanted to know about skillfully and cleverly organizing your entire life.




read now for free

















overcoming addiction

are you addicted to a damaging substance, activity, or emotion? do you desperately want to break free from it but don't know where to start?
your life is worth living fully. being addicted to something won't take you forward. instead, it will break you apart until there's nothing else left in your life but you and your addiction.
change your life today. learn to conquer your addictions using the information in this free book.




read now for free

















get lean the lazy way

how long have you been trying to get slim? do you want be leaner and sexier without exerting too much effort? are you too lazy to exercise?
couch potato or not, there's still hope for you. you can still lose those pounds away. you can shed inches off your waist while watching your favorite tv show. you can build muscles while sitting at your desk at work.
give yourself a nice gift this year - a slimmer, slender body. start your "lean & lazy" fitness lessons right now.




read now for free

















how to exploit your brain's unlimited power

you have billions of brain cells at your disposal but are you using them effectively? despite the fact that any human brain is vastly more powerful than any computer, most of us rarely tap into that latent power.
this book shows you how to optimize your brain's potential.
doing this will enable you to easily learn and remember facts, figures, data, and information. you will have greater accuracy in solving mental problems like never before. and your creativity will be enhanced, allowing you to find new solutions to any problem at hand.




read now for free

















wipeout stress in record time

stress can do a lot of damage. it can consume your body and put it into a permanent state of anxiety. it can take over your mind and eat away at your emotions. it even has the capacity to completely change how you think and feel - for the worse.
this book reveals powerful methods of managing and eliminating stress in the fastest possible time, before it starts ruining your life and endangering your health.
you will be presented with step-by-step guidelines on how to fully equip yourself with the physical, mental, and emotional arsenal required to win the battle against stress.




read now for free

















grow rich while you sleep

95% of all human problems stem from a negative mind. this figure includes such traits as timidity, domestic discord, business failure, bad memory, tenseness, unhappiness and worry. but you can do something about it...and you can do it while you sleep!
but you can do something about it...and you can do it while you sleep!
this book shows how to use the deepest thinking part of you, while you sleep, to get whatever you want out of life... money, personal influence, love, respect and admiration.




read now for free

















energy unlimited

in a world where stress, anxieties, and work overload abound, having enough energy to last the day is easier said than done. and if that's not enough, negative emotions like anger, denial, and resistance can definitely take substantial stamina away from you.
unstoppable energy is lying dormant inside you, just waiting to be unleashed. it's time to discover the amazing ways on how you can use both your body and your mind to maximize your energy reserve and wake up the energy juggernaut within you.




read now for free

















hold that thought

do you know that you have about 50,000 thoughts everyday? just imagine how many of those thoughts keep you distracted from your goal.
assuming you have a single thought to accomplish a particular task, there are 49,999 other thoughts swimming in your head telling you to do otherwise.

hold that thought will teach you the secrets of focus and concentration.
						




read now for free

















above
life's turmoil

if you can't change the world
around you, you can at least change yourself - your desires, passions
and thoughts - to better fit in with it.
though you might not be able
to overcome the emotional turmoil of the outer world around you, you
can still find ways to bring peace to your inner world.
the twenty chapters making up
							above
life's turmoil point the reader towards reaching those
heights of self-knowledge and self-conquest that ultimately lead to
inner peace, even in a turbulent world..
						




read now for free

















revolutionary
positive thinking


revolutionary
positive thinking actually delves into your subconscious to
show you why you're not living the positive, abundant, and joyful life
you deserve.
						
when you learn these secrets,
you'll be able to improve your overall health, get rid of your fears
and that infamous "defeatist attitude," and bounce back faster after a
loss or a traumatic event.
in this book, you will
discover a new source of energy that will allow you to enjoy more
loving, happy relationships and eliminate the obstacles that are
keeping you from attaining all the abundance you'll ever need.




read now for free

















mind
power

some describe it as a
masterpiece, some describe it as an encyclopedia of the mind, some
describe it as containing the secrets of mental magic.
however you describe it, there
is no doubt that
							mind power is vast and
exhaustive, both in scope and content. with many practical exercises,
this is an excellent resource for anyone looking to maximize their
mental abilities.
						
covering everything from the
law of attraction to personal magnetism to mental suggestion and the
influence of others,
							mind power is a goldmine of
wisdom and knowledge.
						




read now for free

















your
forces and how to use them

it is commonplace these days
to hear about the power of positive thinking. but rarely is a book so
practical in teaching how to refine your thoughts as
							your
forces and how to use them.
						
author christian d larson
challenges readers to apply his methods to use thought as a
transformational force and thereby become "greater and richer and more
worthy as individuals".
the book combines time-honored
spiritual wisdom to explain the influence of the subconscious mind on
everything you do.




read now for free

















dynamic
thought
								



dynamic thought is a powerful 12 week course in applying
							the law of
attraction to transform your life.
						
though the course was
originally produced in the early 1900s, the techniques still form the
basis of the teachings of many of today's success "gurus" as they
reveal supposedly "new" secrets to getting what you want in life.
the truth is that the
universal laws are exactly the same now as they were at the dawn of
consciousness - and so, the systematic approach used in
							dynamic
thought is as relevant and timeless now as it was a century
ago.
						




read now for free

















the
creative process in the individual
								


how did the universe come into
existence? how does it work the way that it does?
these were just a few of the
questions that intrigued judge thomas troward. and the result was
							the
creative process in the individual - considered by many to
be a metaphysical masterpiece.
						
thomas troward's unusual legal
background gave him an interesting slant on reality creation ideas and
there are priceless gems of wisdom waiting for you within this
multi-layered and fascinating volume.




read now for free

















ensure
your dream life with the law of attraction
								


you're about to discover a
universal force so powerful, that it can give you anything you've ever
wanted in life...if you learn how to use it properly.
achieving your dreams entails
more than just doing the right things and saying the right words. it
has a lot to do with your thoughts, and the feelings associated with
them.
any thought you project into
the world will bring about a specific result. that's the power of the
							law
of attraction.
						




read now for free

















the
science of being well
								


the big problem with being
born into a physical body is that you don't get an instruction manual
with it.
many people spend their entire
lives not really knowing how to treat the body they have been entrusted
with, or what to do when things go wrong. most approaches to health
completely miss the fact that there are two aspects to being well - the
physical and the metaphysical.

the science of being
well changes all that. the truth is that everlasting health
and vitality is not difficult to achieve if you understand a few basic
principles about how the body operates.
						




read now for free
















how
to find true happiness
									


happiness is intangible and
abstract. it cannot be seen nor touched. it can only be felt and
experienced.
happiness encompasses the
feeling of completion and inner peace. and this is everyone’s goal - to
attain ecstasy for eternity. as a person who is focused in living life
fully, you still might wonder why happiness seems to be so elusive.
read this book today and
learn how to live in contentment and bliss...forever.




read now for free

















the
science of being great
									


an undersung personal growth
classic,
								the science of being great is wallace d.
wattles final word in self mastery.
							
meant to be used in
conjunction with wattles' other classic,
								the
science of getting rich, this book is a summary of the wisdom
that the author culled after studying the wisdom of the world's
religious leaders and great philosophers.
							
as wattles himself says: "this
book is for the men and women, young or old, who wish to make the most
of life by making the most of themselves; i know that the system herein
set forth will work; it cannot fail."




read now for free

















how
to fill your life with unlimited abundance
									


what's the first thing you
think of when you hear the word "abundance"? wealth, maybe? material
possessions? well, all of that is only a very small part of real
abundance.
abundance is so much more than
just money or things. it also encompasses mental clarity, emotional
stability, optimum health, and spiritual well-being.
reclaim your natural
prosperity - it's time to stop existing and start living. read this
free book today.




read now for free

















how
to live life and love it
									



how to live life and
love it is a series of lessons in the form of a discussion
between a master and a student who together explore the nature of
reality.
							
through a series of questions
and answers, they show us in a clear, concise way exactly how the
circumstances and events of our lives are precisely connected with the
thoughts that we think.
full of insightful knowledge
and practical techniques,
								how to live life and love it will guide you gently towards the life you’ve always wanted to lead.
							




read now for free

















jesus
taught it too
									
(the early roots of the
law of attraction)


the teachings of jesus form
the basis of the christian religion.
but many of his sayings and
stories have been so well-known across the world for so long that
rarely does the average person look closely at what jesus was really
trying to explain.
in a unique and insightful
book, author philip harris re-examines many of these famous, ancient
quotes and suggests that jesus actually had a precise and clear
understanding of the law of attraction.




read now for free

















the
mental highway


the mental highway is a collection of lectures given in the early 1900s and intended to
serve as an introduction to academic and applied psychology.
								
the author, thomas parker
boyd, felt that an underlying appreciation of the workings of the
universal laws and their relationship to the subconscious mind was an
absolutely essential part of the subject.
contrast that approach with
mainstream psychology today and you are perhaps left wondering if our
understanding of the mind has really advanced that much in 100 years.




read now for free

















attaining
your desires


attaining your
desires is considered to be one of the clearest, most
comprehensive, most practical, most do-able explanations of how the
creative process works.
								
this is a book for the more
advanced reader of knowledge about the application of mind power to
achieve whatever you want in life.
if you have understood the
fundamentals of how the subconscious mind works and would like to know
more, this is the book for you.




read now for free

















the
law of financial success

what everybody wants in life
is success - and that often, if not always, includes financial
independence.
no matter what a person wants
to achieve, a lack of money will be a constant obstacle.
is there really a fundamental
and natural law of wealth which, once discovered, understood and
practiced, will enable you to prosper in financial abundance beyond
your wildest dreams?
read
									the law of
financial success and find out for yourself.
								




read now for free

















how
the mind works

the main reason why the
average person never fulfills their potential is because they never
make an effort to truly understand the depths of their real being.
they only try to use what
appears on the surface, but remain unconscious of the enormous powers
they have waiting for their command. these powers are dormant simply
because they have not been called into action.
and they will continue to lie
dormant until that person develops their greatest power; that is, the
power to discern what really exists within.




read now for free

















you

everything in the universe
vibrates...yes, everything.
all force, all matter, all
energy - even your life itself - is then a vibratory activity that
conforms to precise natural laws.
so if you really want to
understand why the universe is the way it is, you must come to an
understanding of how vibrations operate and manifest...and this is an
insightful book to get you started.


you
 will serve as a reference guide that you
will return to again and again as a source of answers to many of life's
puzzling mysteries
								




read now for free

















the
hidden power of universal laws

hidden behind our existence
are the most potent forces that govern us all - the laws of the
universe, the most powerful of which is called the law of attraction.
the universal laws are real.
these laws are the unlisted, unstated, and underestimated powers that
govern humankind. all people, regardless of their race, age, gender, or
nationality instinctively follow them, whether or not they are even
aware these laws exist.
what if you knew exactly what
these laws were and how they worked? perhaps, you could become rich,
famous, and totally satisfied with every part of your life?




read now for free

















mastery
of fate

to change yourself, you must
change your thought, because each person becomes what they think.

the mastery of fate,
just as the title suggests, gives you the understanding, principles and
the application to become the master of your own destiny.
								
if you are serious about
wanting to get control over your own fate, this book will show you
exactly how to do it.




read now for free

















how
to get what you want


how to get what you
want explains the fundamentals of transforming your life to
be more fulfilling and successful by applying the dynamic laws of
success and prosperity.
								
as author orison swett marden
says "most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering
before them, we should make up our minds to walk boldly through them!"
rid yourself of the disease of
discouragement and walk boldly forwards in life to get what you want.
if you don't, then who will?




read now for free

















discover
and unleash your power

have you ever noticed that
sometimes, you are thinking of a person you haven't seen in a long
time; then in a few minutes, you received a call from them?
that is not merely
coincidence. it is the power of your thoughts showing themselves to you.
your thoughts influence your
reality, so if you learn how to turn all your positive thoughts into
something real, do you realize what amazing things can happen to you?




read now for free

















the
master mind

are you a mental slave? is
your mind at the mercy of outside forces?
wouldn't you rather be a
mental master, where your thoughts take charge not only of your mind
and body, but also your destiny?
here is practical,
step-by-step instruction on mastering control of not only the conscious
mind but, more importantly, "those marvelous faculties which operate on
the subconscious planes."
this is a supreme how-to book
for any person of any era that is ready to finally take charge of his
or her life.




read now for free

















i
can, therefore i will

has there ever been a time in
your life when you refused to do something, say entering a beauty
contest or singing in a talent show in front of a crowd, because you
thought you couldn't do it?
too bad…even though you didn't
enter the competition yet, you already lost. the worst thing about this
kind of losing is not that you didn't win; it's that you didn't even
try. the moment you say 'no' to something because of doubts about
yourself, it's just as bad as giving up and accepting your failure.

i can, therefore i
will will change all that.
								





read now for free

















practical
mind reading

mind reading is
									not a magic trick, it's a fact - and this book teaches you exactly how to
do it.
								

practical mind
reading deals with all aspects of mind reading, thought
transference, telepathy, mind currents from one person to another,
mental rapport between individuals and much, much more.
								
throughout there is an
underscoring of practical application. even if you are not interested
in the practical aspects, mind reading and thought transference are
still fascinating subjects to read about.





read now for free

















the
money magnet

did you know that every year
the number of self-made millionaires and billionaires is on the rise?
amazingly, this is not just
true in affluent regions of the world like the european nations and the
united states, but it is also true in all the developing countries too.
so how do people who literally start off with nothing go from rags to
riches?
it's not about how much
education you have. it's not about what job you do. and it's definitely
not about how much money you have to start with.
read
									the money
magnet and discover the secret for yourself.
								





read now for free

















creative
visualization

how can you turn your thoughts
into reality?
this is the million-dollar
question everybody wants an answer for. this is what
									creative
visualization aims to teach you.
								
creative visualization can be
applied anywhere, everywhere, from something so simple to anything
complex. you can use it in your day-to-day life, but you may want to
use its power to its full advantage so you can be ensured of a better
and brighter future ahead. you can even make your life as wonderful as
you imagine it to be. all you have to do is to learn the techniques.





read now for free

















joy
philosophy

intelligence is not confined
in bodies or brains - it fills the universe. all this space between us
is pure intelligence in which we live and move, and through which we
think.
but we are conscious only of
that small portion of our intelligence represented by our bodies. this
great sea of intelligence is infinitely the larger part of us, but it
acts subconsciously
									, or super-consciously.
								

joy philosophy provides a message of hope and upliftment and teaches that resisting
life only cuts off your
									real life.
								




read now for free

















subconscious
programming for maximum results

we are all made for a purpose,
yet many fail to recognize that truth because their minds are filled
with negative thoughts and their hearts are filled with negative
feelings.
this causes their belief
system to become deteriorated, thus making them bitter in life and in
the way they perceive the world.
but there's a way for you to
avoid being one of them. all you have to do is know what subconscious
programming is all about, and how it can help you reach your stars and
be in tune with the universe.




read now for free

















subconscious
magic

why do so few people seem to
have most of the world’s resources and riches while the rest toil and
struggle just to survive?
have you ever wondered why
some people just seem to
									magically attract and attain their dreams effortlessly, while others try so hard
only to eventually fail?
								
just what is this mysterious
									magic that they know? it's all revealed here in
clear, simple, easy-to-understand language.
								
you are welcome to share this
free, downloadable book with your family, friends and colleagues or
even put it on your own website.




read now for free

















this
mystical life of ours

nothing in the universe
operates in a random way - there is a divine order running throughout
everything.
but in order to experience
this, we need to come into harmony with it. and thereby into harmony
with all the universal laws and forces that exist. when we do this we
can work in conjunction with these forces and makes our lives whatever
we want.
this is the secret of all
success and it is here for you to discover for yourself...for free.




read now for free

















powerful
ways to sharpen your memory

contrary to the belief of many
people that sharpening your memory takes a lot of time and effort, you
don't have to be a genius to quickly know, understand, and recall what
you have read or learned.
can you imagine what your life
would be like if you had a strong, powerful memory? so many things
would become much easier for you.
read
									powerful ways
to sharpen your memory and make that life come true.
								




read now for free

















the
message of a master


the message of a
master clearly shows us how we can harness the forces within
to achieve health, vitality and prosperity.
								
this is the story of a
miraculous change that takes place in a man after he meets a true
master of life.
he learns - and shares with us
- secret teachings that allow him to develop his powers so that he can
accomplish
									anything he desires.
								




read now for free

















the
amazing super powers of blue water

blue water is just plain
ordinary water to which you add something special. and when you add
this one special thing, the water takes on miracle healing properties.
it is as though the ordinary
water has been granted super-powers. this special thing that you need
to add is abundant and freely available. and there is even a limitless
supply that anyone can use.
so what is this mysterious,
special thing that we can add to ordinary water? read this book and
find out.




read now for free


















the
law of psychic phenomena

this book explores all areas
of the metaphysical world from early philosophies to hypnotism and
mesmerism, clairvoyance, visions, right through an overview of the
psycho-therapeutic practices.
the phenomena of spiritism is
covered in all its forms including contact with the spirit world as
well as case histories of witchcraft, hauntings and possession.

the law of psychic
phenomena   remains as fascinating and
informative today as it was when it was first published.
								




read now for free

















how
to put the subconscious mind to work

you know those people who seem
to have everything always go their way?
you know the ones – they make
more money than you, they get promoted over you, they do well in
relationships, they are able to buy nice things, they just seem happier
and more fulfilled tha n you.
what makes them so successful?
simply put, these lucky people have a natural ability to control their
subconscious minds. now with
									how to put the subconscious
mind to work, you can be like them.
								




read now for free

















how
to stay well

there are
no incurable diseases.
read that again...there are
									no incurable diseases.
								
hard to believe isn't it?
perhaps that demonstrates just how much medical information we are
bombarded with these days telling us the exact opposite.
in
									how to stay well,
author christian d larson argues that any disease comes from the
violation of one or more of the laws of life. and he presents a system
that will enable anyone to get well and stay well no matter what their
physical or mental condition may be at the present time.
								




read now for free

















the
power of thought

the power
of thought is an amazing energy which mankind has at its disposal.
the
world today is in its present state simply as a result of mankind's
collective thinking; each nation is in its present state of either
peace and prosperity, poverty, murder and anarchy, simply as a result
of its thinking as a nation; and each individual's quality of life is
the result of their thinking
in this
book, henry thomas hamblin shares his experience and insights into the
nature of thought.
 




read now for free

















your
invisible power

the great
mental scientist thomas troward (1847- 1916) imparted his personal
insight to only one pupil, genevieve behrend, who could perpetuate this
knowledge and share it with the world.

your
invisible power was her first book and remains her most
powerful and popular work.
								
behrend
says, "these pages have been written with the purpose and hope that
their suggestions may furnish you a key to open up the way to the
attainment of your desires."
 




read now for
free

















in
tune with the infinite

this is a must-read for all
who’d like to strengthen their connection to the infinite mind in order
to enjoy a free-flow of abundance, personal blessings, intuitive
knowledge and the strong sense of well-being that results from a solid
connection.
written more than a century
ago, this classic work inspired a generation, selling more than two
million copies.
it is thought to be the
original work of inspirational writing that led to such best-sellers as
									think
and grow richand the power of positive thinking.
								




read now
for free

















self
mastery through conscious autosuggestion

we possess within us a force
of incalculable power which can often work against us if we do not know
how to use it.
if, on the other hand, we
direct it in a conscious and wise manner, it gives us the mastery of
ourselves.
it allows us not only to
escape from physical and mental ills, but also to live in relative
happiness, regardless of the conditions in which we may find ourselves.




read now for free

















prosperity
through thought force

this magical little book tells
how one man, of less than average ability, and who had failed over and
over again in all he did, discovered and began using universal
principles.
by doing so he was able to
totally turn his life around.
the author shares the secrets
of how to use universal principles in your own life.




read now for free

















ten
thousand dreams interpreted (also known as what's in a dream?)

dreams are a window to your
future – so imagine the life-altering possibilities that would
accompany being able to understand what they mean
this comprehensive book
interprets over 10,000 common dreams – while providing you with all the
tips, tricks and techniques you need to know to remember, understand
and even control your dreams, so that you can take full advantage of
the life-changing benefits dreams have to offer.




read now for free

















how
to turn your ability into cash

it’s time to discover how you
can overcome negative thinking, maximize your natural-born ability and
earn more cold hard cash than you ever dreamed possible.
written by master salesman and
successful author, earl prevette,
									how to turn your ability
into cash contains step-by-step instructions for controlling
negative thoughts, getting the most out of your abilities and achieving
your dreams.
								




read now for free

















how
to turn your desires and ideals into reality

we all have desires and
dreams. but few of us make them materialize in our lives the way we
would like.
in his masterful work,
									how
to turn your desires and ideals into reality, author brown
landone reveals the secrets to making your dreams come true.
								
he teaches the simple process
of bringing your heart's desire into manifestation with the certainty
of always being able to do so.




read now for free

















mental
chemistry

in
									mental chemistry you will discover exactly how you and your thoughts and perceptions
shape the world around you and how you can use your mental faculties to
control what happens in your life.
								
in the tradition of his
best-selling book
									the master key system,
charles haanel delivers to us more insight into life and the ways and
means to live it to the fullest.
								
originally published in 1922,
									mental
chemistry continues to be pertinent and poignant today.
								
with his unique way of making
the complex understandable and the arcane graspable, mr. haanel
supplies you with the knowledge you need for your continuing success
and attainment.
 




read now for
free

















concentration
and the acquirement of personal magnetism

personal magnetism means
health, happiness, power and success.
this is a course of lessons
fully illustrating the action of thought, explaining its composition,
and the correct method of using it, especially with regard to
increasing and controlling your personal magnetism.
but along with the power to
influence others, the development of personal magnetism also brings
with it the ability to heal.
and the author, o. hashnu
hara, shows you in step-by-step detail, the secret processes of
magnetic healing for curing ailments and illnesses.
 




read now for free















just
how to wake the solar plexus
in every human being there is
a great potential which is seldom awakened.

just how to wake the
solar plexus shows you the secret in a nutshell.
									
the nerves are tubes for the
conveyance of life to all parts of the body. contract the solar plexus
and you withdraw life from the body. you diminish the outflow which
often results in a chronic state of nervous collapse.
learn to expand the flow of
life with this book and transform your world.




read now for free
















mental
efficiency and other hints to men and women
mental
efficiency is a state of mind.
it can’t
be bought in a store and it doesn’t come from a bottle of pills. it is
a strength that must be developed from within.

mental
efficiency and other hints to men and womenis the roadmap
you need to follow to develop that strength and begin to make positive
changes in your life.
									
 




read now for
free


















dialogues
- conversations with my higher self
if you
ask questions directly to your "higher self", will it answer back?
that's
what freelance writer ken maclean wanted to find out - and the answers
he received back were nothing short of spectacular.

published in 2002,
											dialogues
- conversations with my higher selfis already being hailed
as one of the great metaphysical classics.
										

 




read now for free


















influence
- how to exert it

in
these twelve lessons drawn from the writings of yoritomo-tashi, the
methods by which influence may be exerted and exercised are considered.

topics include the increase
and expansion of our psychic forces to awaken the dormant energies
within us, how influence may be exerted by persuasion and suggestion
and how to develop the magnetic influence of the human eye.
 




read now
for free











 





right
and wrong thinking and their results
have you ever wondered why
some people – who are no more qualified than you – are successful in
this life while you continue to fail?
have you ever wondered why
some people seem to have success with everything they do while you just
can’t seem to catch a break? could the answer be something as simple as
how you think?




read now
for free











 





secrets
of mental supremacy

this
book will provide you with all the tips, tricks and techniques you need
to dramatically improve your memory and concentration, sharpen your
mental focus, and increase your mental energy and alertness.
									
in fact,
this book contains all the simple, step-by-step instructions and
exercises you need to achieve “mental supremacy”.




read now for free











 





the
ideal made real

the
purpose of this work is to present practical methods through which
anyone, the beginner in particular, may realize his ideals, cause his
cherished dreams to come true, and cause the visions of the soul to
become tangible realities in everyday life.

you will find all the methods
to be practical; you will find that every one will work and produce the
results you desire. you will, not only make real the ideal in your
present sphere of life, but you will also develop within yourself that
greater life, the power of which has no limit, the joy of which has no
end.




read now for
free











 





think
and grow rich
think and grow rich is
arguably the most famous success book of all time. it has changed the
lives of millions of people through the years.
and it
contains the money-making secrets that can change your life too if you
use them. inspired by andrew carnegie's magic formula for success, this
book will teach you the secrets that will bring you a fortune.




read now for
free











 







the master key system
										

the master key system
by charles f. haanel is the only clear, concise, comprehensive,
definitive, distinctive, cogent, and scientific presentation of the
creative power of thought ever formulated by any one person at any one
time.


unlock your power and
potential by learning the master key system. use the law of attraction
to attain your goals and solve all of your problems...personal,
financial, and business.


read
what others are saying about the master key system






read now for
free



















the
art and science of personal magnetism

a belief in the existence
of a personal power, influence, or atmosphere, on the part of certain
individuals, which enables the possessor to attract, influence,
dominate or control others, has been held by the race from the earliest
days of written history.


this book teaches how to
exert a powerful, irresistible influence upon the reason or will of
another.






read now for free



















the
secret of success


a
course of nine lessons on the subject of the application of the latent
powers of the individual towards attainment of success in life.



there is, besides the
mere recital of a list of good qualities leading to success - a list
with which every schoolboy is acquainted - a something else...






read now for
free



















thought
vibration

the universe is governed
by law - one great law. its manifestations are multiform, but viewed
from the ultimate there is but one law.it is called the
law of attraction.
											

we are familiar with some
of its manifestations, but are almost totally ignorant of certain
others. still we are learning a little more every day - the veil is
being gradually lifted.






read now for
free



















the
power of concentration


we
all know that in order to accomplish a certain thing we must
concentrate. it is of the utmost value to learn how to concentrate.


to make a success of anything you must be able to concentrate your
entire thought upon the idea you are working out.



if you will just practice
a few concentration exercises each day you will find you will soon
develop this wonderful power.






read
now
for free



















thought
force in business & everyday life


success
in life depends very materially upon the possession of the quality of
attracting and influencing the people around us.



no matter what other
qualities you may possess, you are handicapped by a lack of that subtle
force which we are in the habit of calling personal magnetism.






read now for free



















as
a man thinketh


as
a man thinketh is a classic in the truest sense: few books have been so
widely read, have stood the test of time so well, have had such an
impact on generations of readers, and have carried such a simple,
profound message: you are what you think.


og
mandino counted "as a man thinketh" among the top ten success books of
all time - read it today and put its wisdom to work for you.







read now for free



















the
science of getting rich

this book is first and
foremost a guide to acquiring wealth. however there is more to life
than achieving financial success, and that is why the author also
treats the successful life in general.


after making the
fundamental claim that everyone has the right to be rich, he puts
forward his principles for practical action, aimed to "make the most of
yourself."






read now for free



















the
magic story

an immediate worldwide
sensation was created after the magic story first made its appearance
in 1900 in the original success magazine. after dozens of reprints, it
is finally available in e-book form so that you may benefit from its
powerful message.


it is claimed that many
who read or hear this story almost immediately begin to have good
fortune so it is worth a few minutes of your time to find out if it
works for you.






read now for free



















practical
mental influence

students of history find
a continuous chain of reference to the mysterious influence of one
human mind over that of others.


in the earliest records,
traditions and legends may be found reference to the general belief
that it was possible for an individual to exert some weird uncanny
power over the minds of other persons, which would influence the latter
for good or evil.






read now for free



















character-building
thought power


unconsciously,
we are forming habits every moment of our lives. some are habits of a
desirable nature; some are those of a most undesirable nature.



some, though not so bad
in themselves, are exceedingly bad in their cumulative effects, and
cause us at times much loss, much pain and anguish.






read now for free










 















 


 














copyright(c) 2002-2023 - psitek -
																									privacy
policy-
																									manifesting lab


































warning: you must
																		
enable javascript in your web
browser
to view this website
																	















