





home


















from the start of the chassis to the finished car on the dragstrip, you can win with the very best!










 








home




about us




what's new























for sale




add'l for sale






catalog




body components


lexan windows


interior components


steering components


motor/trans mounts


pedals & accessories


drivetrain parts


front suspension


fuel cells & cooling


rear suspension


electrical parts


chassis hardware


fasteners


miscellaneous


apparel






gallery




pro stock


pro mod & top sportsman


comp & super stock






contact us




links











all jhrc-built nhra top sportsman final round!
mike coughlin drove his 2013 chevy camaro to a 6.816et to defeat john hochstedler's 2003 dodge stratus with 7.040et in the final round of racing at the summit racing equipment nhra nationals in norwalk, ohio! photo copyright: auto imagery







jason line qualifies #1 in pro stock
line qualified on the pole at the mopar mile-high nhra nationals in his 2014 chevrolet camaro. his number one pro stock qualifying effort was a 6.924et at 198.70mph!
photo copyright: auto imagery







allen johnson defeats teammate jeg coughlin
allen johnson defeated teammate jeg coughlin in denver, colorado at the mopar mile-high nhra nationals pro stock final round. johnson ran a 6.930et at 198.61mph when coughlin red-lighted at the start. johnson and coughlin both drive 2014 dodge dart cars!







dean goforth defeats john deflorian in ihra pro stock
goforth beat john deflorian jr. in the finals of pro stock, running a 6.351 at 221.23 in the winning effort. deflorian drove the black diamond motorsports camaro to a 6.424 at 217.67 in finishing runner-up. goforth added wins over teammate todd hoerner and brad waddle on his way to the win.







jason line defeats v. gaines in nhra pro stock final round
line drove his kb powered, summit chevrolet camaro into the winner's circle after defeating v. gaines in the final round. line ran a 6.548et at 211.73mph on his way to capture the wally! a big congratulations to the entire race team on their winning performance! photo copyright: auto imagery







jason line defeats teammate greg anderson in nhra pro stock
line beat anderson in the all-summit car final of pro stock, running a 6.611et at 210.67mph for the winning effort. anderson drove his summit camaro to a 6.608et at 210.54mph to end as runner-up. jason line also won the race last weekend in sonoma, california - congrats to kb racing!!!







a big congratulations to kevin bealko on his 1st ihra pro stock victory!
 bealko finally broke through with his first career mountain motor pro stock victory saturday night at the ihra nitro jam northern nationals at us 131 motorsports park in martin, michigan. bealko bested #1 qualifier and the quickest man all weekend, scott hintz, to collect his first career ironman trophy!






the jerry haas race cars website is receiving some great updates!
 stay tuned as we update and debut more page improvements. we will be adding new products, closeouts and updating our gallery pages! check back frequently for updates!








all jhrc-built top sportsman final round - norwalk, oh






jason line qualifies #1 in nhra pro stock-denver, co






allen johnson wins nhra pro stock in denver, co






dean goforth victorious in ihra pro stock - cordova, il






jason line wins nhra pro stock class in sonoma, ca






jason line beats teammate in seattle pro stock final!






bealko gets first p/s win at martin, michigan's ihra race






new features and more web updates coming soon!































