



open source meditation, free meditation for beginners, guided meditations, open meditation techniques from the meditation society of australia..































classes

classes 1-10

class 1 - meditation for beginners
class 2 - the meaning of life
class 3 - the path of the heart
class 4 - the path of the heart (ii)
class 5 - learning to learn
class 6 - learning, love & laughter
class 7 - the evolving thought
class 8 - praise & gratitude
class 9 - constructing heaven
class 10 - to be


classes 11-20

class 11 - the ego and the soul
class 12 - love
class 13 - work
class 14 - oneness & humility
class 15 - living our spiritual lives
class 16 - letting go
class 17 - string theory
class 18 - the life changers
class 19 - enthusiasm and inspiration
class 20 - the first 20 - now where


classes 21-30

class 21 - guilt
class 22 - anger
class 23 - fear
class 24 - depression
class 25 - looking at negatives
class 26 - listening
class 27 - birthdays
class 28 - living your bliss
class 29 - charity & oneness
class 30 - free your mind


classes 31-40

class 31 - getting stuck
class 32 - the brain is a reducing 
					valve
class 33 - the pain of happiness
class 34 - hypnosis, affirmations 
					& meditation
class 35 - the masculine warrior energy
class 36 - the feminine mother energy
class 37 - addictions
class 38 - living without conditions
class 39 - tree of love
class 40 - reclaiming life: don\'t 
					be a victim


classes 41-50

class 41 - spiritual strength
class 42 - the answer is 42
class 43 - authentic prosperity
class 44 - perfection
class 45 - authentic love
class 46 - resistance
class 47 - suffering
class 48 - dont just do it - be it
class 49 - the mind and the body
class 50 - the ego


classes 51-60

class 51 - meditation is water not 
					pepsi
class 52 - war! what is it good for?




children

a 
				word to the grown ups

getting 
				started
peace
love
who is?


				loving yourself
choices 
				- how we choose our world
anger 
				and frustration


daily med

see today's inspirational 
				and free daily meditation
get daily meditations emailed 
				to you
get free daily meditation 
				text (sms)


downloads



				guided meditations 1


				guided meditations 2


				meditation music

				inspirational spoken word
spiritual 
				videos

				wallpapers

screensaver


yoga

class 1 - grounding in
class 2 - connect to your breath
class 3 - moving through blockages
class 4 - opening your heart
class 5 - find balance


teachers

start a meditation group
about meditation and spirituality 
				today
become an accredited meditation teacher
meditation teacher intro
organising your classes
promoting and media strategy
sample press release
teacher's first class 
teacher's second class
teacher's third class
teacher's fourth class
take the quiz


shop

make a donation - help us continue 
				our free classes and podcasts
books
cds
incense
tshirts
everything
checkout
your cart - is empty


podcasts/apps

podcasts

podcast directory


					podcast - the new common sense - audio


					podcast - learn to meditate - audio


					podcast - guided meditations - audio


					podcast - guided meditations - video


					podcast - full moon meditations - audio
podcast - children meditations 
					- audio


android apps



					love meditation - 20 classes, guided meditations, meditation 
					music, widget


					learn to meditate 1-5


					learn to meditate 6-10


					learn to meditate 11-15


					learn to meditate 16-20


					flow of love


					affirmations with sunirmalya


					guided meditations 1


					guided meditations 2




youtube


sunirmalya



					real meditation is not watching thoughts


					introduction to meditation: the new common sense 


					guided meditation exercise - the aah moment 


					guided meditation exercise - ocean breath 


					consciousness


					the power of the subconscious


					the meaning of life


					it's the end of the world as we know it but i feel fine


					meditation is water not coca cola



mel 
				thompson yoga



 
					1. grounding in 


 
					2. connect to your breath 


 
					3. moving through blockages 


 
					4. opening your heart 


 
					5. find balance



bank 



 
					the cliff meditation - awakening yoga with bank 




mastery 
covid19 

login 
join us free 








































open source meditation


we are the creators of open source meditation, 
				a non-profit, open exploration of all meditation techniques, styles 
				and traditions without any of the obligations or hidden agendas.

open source meditation is open, rational and logical. it says real meditation 
					is not exclusive to one religion or one meditation technique 
					or science or
					even one sport or one field of art or creative expression. 
					meditation is free and open to all just as open 
					source software is free and open.
				
					meditation put simply, is the new common sense. it should 
					not be encumbered by the fundamentalism of one group, religion 
					or even science. secularists and atheists can meditate just 
					as effectively as meditators that are religious, whether that 
					be mindfulness meditation, or buddhist meditation, transcendental meditation, christian meditation, zen meditation, chakra meditation or 
					islamic styles of meditation.
				

				
					nearly all popular meditation groups are tied to a specific 
					style or religion. some, for example, advocate 
					just one meditation technique, mantra meditation, and to be 
					financially committed to their group.
				
					most religious meditation groups similarly focus on their religion and usually 
					one meditation technique, for example, mindfulness meditation. open source meditation is no different to open source software, multiple contributors develop and evolve the functionality for the benefit of all.

				more 



war - what is it good for?


there is nothing so incongruous to humanity as war. all combatants are scarred deeply for ever and ever. no one ever truly wins in battle.

					
many of us feel anxious, sad and even depressed, it cycles endlessly around and around in our thoughts and feelings.
				of the many wars and resistance movements across the globe, the war in ukraine is particularly gruesome, unfair and bloody. it also is receiving the most media exposure and having the largest effect emotionally and mentally.
					check out our latest class




30 day meditation mastery course free


our meditation mastery is a completely new course written by sunirmalya, that will take you through the steps to meditation mastery. we stand at the precipice of an amazing, unparalleled new decade and this course, could be the spiritual renewal you are looking for. 

						it is aimed at those who have completed the very popular beginners course which features 50 classes and has millions of participants in 120 countries.
					each day of the meditation mastery course features a topic to work through followed by seven actions including a guided meditation, affirmations and much more. 
					you may find it easier to spend a week on each day of the course, whilst others are already on their second and third run through. 
						we are sure you'll love it and remember it's all free.
				




covid19 - our free virtual weekly group meditations


this is an amazing time where many of our collective paradigms are going to be changed forever.

					we feel like many of the questions being asked of us are answered by meditation. 
				we would like to help by offering lots of free virtual weekly group meditations that you can join either on your mobile device or on your laptop or computer and for the first time you'll be able to ask questions and meditate live with our friends all over the globe.
			we're only new to this so be gentle, together we can empower and help each other.
					check out our upcoming free virtual weekly group meditations




get in touch
feel free to contact us...

join us now - it's free!
free online meditation for beginners 
					course 
free meditation music, 
					meditation exercises and guided meditations 
free downloads - spoken 
					word, meditation music, meditation videos and more
free meditation phone apps
free daily meditations
free childrens meditations
free yoga classes
books and meditation
meditation teachers course










