


eugene a. stead, jr. thoughts, insights and learning








 eugene a. stead jr. a life
of chasing what i did not understand







my story
the end of a chapter
postscripts from stead's world
my photos
mostly my thoughts
thoughts from housestaff and friends 
thoughts from others
for the curious








eugene a stead. jr.  october 6, 1908 - june 12, 2005 

june 12, 2005: lucy just phoned to say that gene died in his sleep
last night.  i shall miss him. doing these web pages together was 
as exciting as when we rounded together on osler or struggled during the
early days of the cardiology databank.  gene touched me deeply
in many different dimensions. frank starmer 

just say for me ...

e. a. stead, jr.
 5113 townsville rd
 bullock, n.c. 27507




each day, i get up and smile, because today will bring a
surprise and over my career and life, most surprises have been
pleasant. my story reflects a life long passion for enjoying what i
do. my main joy comes from building manpower that is excited by and can
interact with opportunities in a positive manner and 
can make the world a better and more interesting place.
i built this web site as an experiment. i want to see if
i can continue to both energize young people and, at the same time, bring
some new life to older folks. 
(to facilitate finding my page, i have acquired the domains: 
 http://easteadjr.org and
http://www.easteadjr.org.
my old head simply can't remember the address
that frank initially provided.  
this seems like a more sensible solution because few will 
forget my name.)  as you can clearly see, my personal challenge is that 
my short term
memory is increasingly unreliable. this feature of my head has the
potential of limiting what i can do. those of you that know me
well, fully realize that i have never been a respector of limits.
since i have made a life of converting liabilities into assets, i
believe that my unreliable short term memory creates new
opportunities for remembering. i believe that the internet, with
google as my navigational tool, will be a very efficient substitute
for my short term memory. moreover, google and internet resources bring to
my desk the opportunity for 

just-in-time learning. 
if i'm correct, then in time, others will
come to appreciate the utility of internet memory and learning when we
need or want to learn. together we'll
build a new educational paradigm that reflects the opportunities of
living within a mostly boundaryless world, free of the constraints
of a biological memory.

i've written a number of essays over my career, many that never passed
editorial review.  finally i have a way to share my thoughts without editors
distorting the image i wish to create.  
 visit my thoughts 
past members of the
faculty and housestaff have also learned how to escape editorial
revision with their thoughts.  visit the
stead stories from the housestaff.

finally, i believe that typing and internet searching, in time, will
become standard skills that every school child will be taught.  they will stand
beside reading, writing and arithmetic as essential survival skills.  why am
i so certain?  it is because these new tools provide, for the first
time, a mechanism for informal, self-directed just-in-time learning.  
by invoking learning only 
when we need new tools for solving a problem, we can avoid the

forgetting curve associated with learning rarely used facts and concepts.  
for me, i am exploring these ideas by supplementing 
my faulty short term biological memory with 
google and the
internet. if you find this idea compelling, then test it with yourself. in time
and with practice you
will come to accept the marriage of biological and internet memories and
will become a believer in just-in-time learning.  
the only obstacle is the 
medical school monopoly.

realizing that skill comes only with practice, i place
below, google, so that you can practice your skill from my web page. 
enjoy learning this new skill.  as a test -  search for: medical school
monopoly - and see what is at the top of the list. or explore searching
"just in time learning" or "just in case learning".  because many of you
may have overlooked the forgetting curve, you might also profit from 
searching for the "forgetting curve".

























