


german shepherd rescue of sacramento valley






 




















german shepherd rescue of 
    sacramento valley









gsrsv home
about gsrsv


become a foster caretaker!

health & nutrition


   donations needed!

how to adopt a dog from gsrsv/adoption
fees
what's new on the gsrsv website?



dogs available for adoption through gsrsv
dogs available for adoption from other
area rescue groups and individuals
dogs available for adoption through owner placement

how to place a dog through gsrsv
lost and
found
gsrsv picture/story scrapbook
  in
memoriam 

is a german shepherd the right breed for you?



other german shepherd rescue web sites &
resources
gsrsv's 2024 rescue 
record
gsrsv's 2023 rescue 
record
gsrsv's 2022 rescue 
record
gsrsv's 2021 rescue 
record
gsrsv's 2020 
rescuerecord
gsrsv's 2019 rescue record
gsrsv's 2018 rescue record
gsrsv's 2017 rescue record
gsrsv's 2016 rescue record
gsrsv's 2015 rescue record
gsrsv's 2014 rescue record
gsrsv's 2013 rescue
record
gsrsv's 2012 rescue
record
gsrsv's 2011 rescue
record
gsrsv's 2010 rescue
record
gsrsv's 2009 rescue
record
gsrsv's 2008 rescue
record
gsrsv's 2007 rescue record
gsrsv's 2006 rescue record
gsrsv's 2005 rescue record
gsrsv's 2004 rescue record
gsrsv's 2003 rescue record
gsrsv's 2002 rescue record
gsrsv's 2001 rescue record
gsrsv's 2000 rescue record









      german shepherd rescue of sacramento valley (gsrsv) is a tax-exempt
      (501-c-3) charitable organization dedicated to finding good homes for
      german shepherds and german shepherd mixes whose caregivers can no longer
      keep them or which are confined in animal shelters and potentially facing 
  euthanasia. established in 2001, gsrsv is operated primarily by one person, brian foran. 



      gsrsv houses some of its adoptable dogs at its 45-acre
  "rescue ranch" in 
  pleasant grove, ca, which is also a sanctuary for "unadoptable" dogs as well 
  as brian's home. gsrsv has a small but steady network of
  foster caretakers who care 
  for rescued dogs in their homes until they are adopted. 
i 
now post most of my rescue activities, as well as a few adoption/foster appeals, 
on the gsrsv facebook page: 
www.facebook.com/gsrsv. 
i 
continue to list all of the dogs available for adoption--those through gsrsv as 
well as those through owners and others--on this website. see the four "dogs 
available for adoption" selections in the menu at left.


if you are the "owner" of a dog and wish to have gsrsv 
list your dog for adoption, please see 


how to place a dog through gsrsv--and other rehoming 
resources.

free pet rehoming services:

adoptapet.com offers a free resource to help you rehome your dog. see
https://rehome.adoptapet.com/
get 
your pet--the online pet adoption community where people who want to adopt a pet 
connect with people who need to rehome a dog or cat. see
https://getyourpet.com/

rescue me--a network which helps all breeds of dogs, cats and other animals find 
good homes. see 
https://www.rescueme.org/. 

other northern california german shepherd 
		rescue groups





if you are looking for a wider selection of
      purebred german shepherds in northern california, please visit the websites 
      of 
      
bay
      area german shepherd rescue (based in novato), 
      calpaws k9 rescue 
		(based in pleasant hill),
		el
      dorado county german shepherd rescue (based in shingle springs), 
      german
      shepherd rescue of northern california (based in cupertino), 
      golden
      state german shepherd rescue (based in alameda), 
      greater
      california german shepherd rescue (based in modesto), and
		shep heroes (based in west sacramento).

if you are 
      considering adopting a gsd directly from a shelter (and i encourage you to 
      do so), the best website to search for shelter dogs (of any breed) is
      www.petharbor.com. be sure to 
      include shelters from a wide radius (at least 50 miles) from your city or 
      zipcode in your search.




spaycalifornia 
		is a state-wide referral database designed to connect people throughout 
		the state of california with veterinary resources offering low-cost 
		spay/neuter services. 

click on the 
		logo above to be taken to spaycalifornia's website.



























for 
     the love of your dogs--
 do not give them any oral flea & 
     tick-killing
     medications!
(i feel so strongly 
		about this that i prohibit my adopters from giving them to the dogs they 
		adopt from me.)



on 
september 20,
     2018, 
     the fda issued a
     
     communication for pet owners and veterinarians warning about the 
     potential for neurologic 
     adverse events following 
     the administration of oral flea & tick control products to dogs and cats 
     that contain isoxazoline-based ingredients. these products, available by rx 
     only, include
bravecto, nexgard, 
     simparica & credelio.
     
between january 
		2013 and january 2017, the fda found 1,728 reported seizures and 
801 reported deaths 
		caused by isoxazoline products*--and 
		these are just the "reported" adverse events. there's no question that 
		the actual number of adverse events was much higher during that time 
		period--and of course is much higher five years hence.
		*source:
		
		"nexgard for dogs: a dangerous gamble."
 

click here for more information.










how to find a dog to adopt from this website: 



click on the four selections in large font in the menu to the left, starting with
            "dogs available for adoption through
            gsrsv."


if you're interested in adopting a dog available through
            gsrsv, read the page "how to adopt a dog from gsrsv." 
          that page describes my adoption process, and includes my adoption 
          questionnaire and adoption contract.            
        please hold off on filling out the adoption questionnaire until after 
          the next step!

contact 
        brian foran at 916-655-3125 or
            bab43@msn.com to learn more about the particular dog(s) you're 
        interested in. if the dog seems like a good match for you, i (brian) will ask you to fill out and submit the gsrsv adoption questionnaire.



if you're interested in adopting a dog from another rescue group, an owner, or a shelter, contact the person or shelter listed for that dog.




















































trackin' gsrsv's adoptions

















                                       
	recent adoptions
	our most recent adoptions were
	dodge to ryan glantz 
	of corralitos, ca (left frame);
	keith to katarina 
	von mecklenburg & tanner cleland of sacramento, ca (center frame); and
	ember to karen 
	oconnell of sparks, nv (rt frame). 





2024 
	adoptions
in 2024, gsrsv rescued twelve dogs and placed nine dogs. 
	(yes, adoptions are horribly slow these days!) 



see our 2024 rescue/adoption record. 
























seeking 
      rental housing that will allow you to keep your german shepherd?         
      click on the either of the two logos below--you 
      might find pet-friendly, affordable 
      rentals in your area. 
      (with padmapper, be sure to click on the 
      "more 

filters" button, 


      then select "+ dogs" next to "pets.")







kids & dogs--a natural pairing







click for larger 
      image.

can 
      pictures get any cuter than these?
that's 
      tristan with "sally" (adopted 2-18-18) at left and joceylyn & rylee with 
      "dually" (adopted 5-13-17) at right. 

puppy love! 



click 
      for larger image. 















please
        make a donation!




  gsrsv is a 
  tax-exempt public charity, as defined under section 501(c)(3) of the internal 
  revenue code. all donations to gsrsv are tax deductible to the full extent of 
  the law.  since february 2001, brian foran has funded gsrsv primarily on 
  his own. brian runs a large rescue facility/sanctuary by himself, and 
  typically has more than 25 dogs to feed and care for! many of these dogs are 
  either too old for adoption or have been returned to gsrsv more than once--and 
  thus are allowed to live their lives out at the rescue facility. brian has 
  never returned a dog he has rescued to a shelter--never!  


donations have played--and continue to play--a huge part in keeping 
            gsrsv afloat, as adoption fees are a drop-in-the-bucket compared 
            with the costs of running a large rescue program. 


gsrsv has earned the designation of a "top-rated" nonprofit 
            organization for 2018 from
            great 
            nonprofits.org, a clearinghouse for npos. 

            please consider making a tax-deductible donation to gsrsv today. 
			there are a few ways to do this:


1. 




            click on the paypal button below* 







* please note that paypal deducts a transaction 
			fee of 2.7% + $0.45 for each donation. (they increased this fee in 
			august 2021 without even notifying member organizations!) if you have a paypal 
			account, you can send payments to gsrsv directly from your account 
			using the "friends & family" payment option, which will exempt the . 
			simply send payments to gsrsv's account at
			bab43@msn.com.


2. go to
	gsrsv's facebook 
	page and click the "donate" button under the picture at the top of the 
	page.  (facebook does not deduct a transaction fee for donations.)




  			3.


            


  use zelle to transfer money directly from your bank account (if it is a zelle 
	partner) or by using the


            




zelle app.


            



simply 
	use the e-mail address bab43@msn.com to send money to gsrsv's bank account. 
	no transaction fee will be deducted.
4. 
mail a check, made out to gsrsv, to: 


     


            

  gsrsv, po box 652, pleasant grove, ca 95668




            any size donation is appreciated. please help in any way you can!
            



 





don't just take your dog for a walk.....take your walk for a dog! go to wooftrax.com, download the
            app to your smartphone, and support gsrsv every time you walk your
            dog! the more miles you walk, the more wooftrax donates to gsrsv!













art 
                with a purpose!






                kritika bala of
                lone tiger art 
                is a talented artist with a passion for animals and nature--and 
                she truly shows it by donating 90% of the proceeds of her 
                commissioned paintings to animal welfare and environmental 
                organizations! (yes, 90%--unheard of!)

                gsrsv was the recipient of a donation in june 2019 by kritika 
                from the proceeds 
                of her commissioned painting of a gsd "simon" (see right).   
                

                if you would like to immortalize your dog or cat in a beautiful 
                (yet affordable) painting and help support gsrsv or another 
                animal welfare organization, please visit the
                
                "pet project" of kritika's
                lone tiger art 
                website.







about fostering dogs




is
            fostering a
            dog a sacrifice? no!
            it is a pleasure!  
the
            rewards of knowing that you've saved the life of a sweet, beautiful
            german shepherd dog (or any other breed), and made that dog feel loved, are much greater
            than whatever inconvenience the dog may cause or the pain of letting
            him or her go to a new home.  
if
            you, the german shepherd-loving 
community, will not extend a helping
            hand to the numerous german shepherds housed in area shelters and
            facing euthanasia, who will? 

please

            consider fostering a german shepherd for gsrsv! see the page save
            a german shepherd's life: become a foster caretaker.  




               

       





before
            you consider adopting a dog from a rescue group (including gsrsv),
            please consider adopting one 
            from a shelter! 







though
            there are certain advantages to adopting a dog from a rescue group,
            those dogs are safe. most in shelters are at high risk of
            euthanasia! if you don't already know, you'd be horrified to learn
            about the  number of beautiful german shepherds that are
            euthanized every week in northern california shelters. think you can't find a purebred german
            shepherd at a shelter? 
            think again!!
i
            have found the best website to
            search for a gsd in a shelter near you is petharbor.com.
            this website allows you to specify breed as well as to select the
            shelters from which you'd like to search for a gsd to adopt. you can
            also request to receive automatic e-mail notifications when the
            shelters that you specified have  gsds available for adoption.
the norcal shelter 
            with the most gsds is probably the stanislaus county shelter in 
            modesto. they often have in excess of ten gsds! cara kinzel has 
            created a
            
            facebook page profiling many of these gsds, most which she has 
            met and evaluated in person. 

 please
            remember that most dogs with rescue groups come from shelters
            themselves!
            




 
       
      




            gsrsv picture/story scrapbook!
send
            me your favorite photo and/or story of the dog(s) you adopted from
            gsrsv, and i will post them on the gsrsv picture/story scrapbook
            page. mail pictures/stories to brian foran at bab43@msn.com. 


      
             
     
      
     
      
      



            "gus"


older
            rescued dogs make wonderful companions!


"queenie"



think
            that an older dog will not make a good family companion because it's
            too set in its ways?" think
            again!
            older dogs, more so than younger dogs, live to please their caretakers.
            furthermore, hip dysplasia in older german shepherds is much less of
            a problem than commonly believed, and general arthritis is readily treatable
            with coated aspirin (yes, aspirin) and glucosamine/chondroitin supplements. for an excellent information resource on older
            dogs, see the senior dogs project
            website, and their "top
            ten reasons to adopt an older dog." 



testimonials
            of those who have adopted older dogs from gsrsv
bob
            warner adopted krista from the sac county shelter, with gsrsv's
            assistance, on 7-1-10. here's what bob had to say about krista in
            december 2011:
"krista
            has become a wonderful friend--so gentle and friendly that everyone
            enjoys her. she is an excellent example of why adopters should
            consider older dogs."
 
 
  


      

          
             
      


if
            you have or plan to adopt a gsd, you need to know about
            "bloat!" please read the info below.



gastric
            dilatation/volvulus, more commonly known as "bloat", is an
            all-too-frequent, often fatal event for german shepherds. basically,
            gastric dilatation refers to a condition in which the dog's stomach
            fills up with air due to various circumstances. the dog's abdomen
            becomes visibly "bloated", and causes great discomfort. if the
            bloat persists, often what happens next is volvulus--the stomach
            literally rotates on its intestinal axis, shutting off the blood
            supply both to and from the stomach. at this stage, the dog usually
            has only hours to live, and the condition must be treated
            surgically. the
            sooner the dog is treated, the better its chance for survival and
            full recovery. 
learn
            how to avoid bloat in your dog, and how to recognize the symptoms.
            please 
            click
            on this link to open a very informative webpage about bloat. i
            recommend printing the article and placing it where you can
            immediately access it if you suspect that your dog is experiencing
            bloat. click on this link for a
            printable ms word version of the article.


             



want
      to read a cool, free online dog-lovers' newsletter while helping gsrsv?
      sample 

click
      here for more info and to sign
      up for their newsletter.

(you
      only need to receive one online newsletter to help gsrsv--you can opt out
      at any time!)


             

      

springtime,
      inc., is a manufacturer and retailer of amazingly effective, all-natural,
      reasonably priced nutritional supplements for dogs, horses and humans. i have regularly
      given a few of springtime's supplements to the gsrsv dogs for years, and
      enthusiastically endorse these products--particularly "joint
      health"--a glucosamine/chondroitin/msm supplement, and "bug-off
            garlic"--a natural flea preventative that really works! please visit  springtime's
      website, and if you place an order with them as a result of this referral,
      please mention that you learned of their company through gsrsv. i do not receive any
      commisions--i just want the people at
      springtime to know that i'm sharing the word on their products, as they do
            give me a discount on the products that i order. 




questions regarding german shepherd
    rescue of sacramento valley or this website should be directed to brian
      foran,
      916-655-3125, bab43@msn.com, or you can write
      to:

      gsrsv
      po box 652
      pleasant grove, ca  95668
thanks to 
     
    and  
      for listing gsrsv's adoptable (and adopted) dogs on their
      respective websites.

thanks also to
       
      (www.comslider.com), a superb 
      slideshow development and hosting website, for hosting gsrsv's adoption 
      picture slideshow free of charge.


this site is
    hosted by  
    
(www.xmatters.com).
    xmatters specializes in 
    "intelligent communications" for businesses, particularly for the it 
    component of those businesses. many, many thanks to troy mcalpin, xmatters'
    president & ceo  and a former gsrsv adopter, for graciously hosting gsrsv's website on xmatters' servers since 2001.   


last
        modified: 
        wednesday january 29, 2025





 

  

 

  

 
     
   


 
     
   


 
     
   









 
 
