








 


- oak creek community center





































  




 






     weddings and events
community partners

2024 partners
charitable checking
citizen of the year


calendar of events
about us

about us
contact us


donate
    

oak creek community center


celebrating over 30 years of bringing people together and strengthening our community, the oak creek community center has been a cherished venue in southeastern wisconsin since 1994. we are proud to be a self-funded nonprofit organization, dedicated to serving as the ideal space for momentous occasions, community programs, and special events.we offer a welcoming space for a wide range of gatherings. our versatile facility includes a spacious 350-person ballroom, complete with a bar, atrium, and reception area. in collaboration with the oak creek lions, our updated 100-person multipurpose room, called the lion's den, features natural light, its own bar and access to a patio. whether you're hosting a wedding, shower, birthday party, corporate event or community meeting, our venue has been designed to accommodate your needs.we work closely with various community organizations to support and enhance our vibrant community, and our diverse catering list features a variety of ethnic cuisines, ensuring your event is a culinary delight.for everyone's convenience, the oak creek community center offers ample parking with 180 spots and is fully ada-compliant. we are committed to the satisfaction of our clients and continuously strive to improve our services for the benefit of oak creek and surrounding communities.come join us at the oak creek community center, where every event is a cherished memory in the making!
    grab your all-access pass to the oak creek community centerfrom exciting events to can’t-miss updates, get everything occc straight to your inbox. no spam... just community love!          sign up today!             we're all about bringing people together and enriching our community by hosting a variety of events that keep oak creek and its neighbors connected and vibrant. as a self-funded nonprofit separate from the city, we depend on event rentals and community donations to help us strengthen bonds and be a trusted partner in uniting all residents.location  8580 s. howell avenue oak creek, wi, 53154414-768-5840 | info@occenter.com           hours of operation  monday—wednesday, 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.thursday, 8 a.m. to 8 p.m.friday, 8 a.m. to noonsaturday and sunday, open during events only 
 










 




x

 


















 

