 





historyco – icentre | oncall executive coaching






























































skip to content




 
icentre | oncall executive coaching
executive coaching, life coaching, self improvement, wellness




    

home
check-in
on-call
wisdom
more | contact  

contact us


    


search for:


  search
 







		historyco	

homehistoryco 











history co™ the history company is focusing on items from the history and cultures of the world is currently showcasing the items of theartifact™, a timeless source (since 1997) of cultural and historic artifacts – a true history company!
historic background: we are presently showcasing the collections of theartifact™ which was established in 1997, their art reproductions have been featured on abc.com, germany’s geo magazine, and been used in actual displays at the boston museum of science, universal studio’s japan theme park, and the movie catwoman starring halle berry – not to mention countless homes and offices around the world.artifact galleries & categories

prehistoric artifacts & art : from the venus of willendorf and other ancient goddess and prehistoric statues including the nile river goddess, ishtar, and the venus of laussal.

.

ancient egyptian artifacts & art : from ancient egyptian sculpture, reliefs & wall hangings including the rosetta stone, to large scale designer reliefs and ancient egyptian jewelry. anubis, osiris and…

.

ancient greek & roman artifacts & art : from ancient greek sculpture and statues including athena, to greek reliefs, wall hangings and classical greek vases

.

asian, oriental & hindu artifacts & art : from bronze and stone sculpture and statues to reliefs, wall hangings, rice paper paintings, jewelry and japanese netsuke

.

pre-columbian, mayan aztec & american artifacts & art : from sculpture, statues, reliefs from ancient temples to jewelry.

.

medieval, renaissance, european, monestary & abbey artifacts & art : from classic frescos, religious icons on wood, 8th century crosses, tapestries, and jewelry from catherine the great…also find our special collection of crosses, water fonts, sculpture, statues, reliefs and wall hangings from the abbey’s and monestaries of europe…

.

assyrian art & artifacts : featuring the art and artifact from ancient assyrian culture.

.

dinosaur & other fossil reproductions : from  a tyrannosaurus rex teeth, skulls, ancient human to other ancient fossil reproductions.

apart from cultural decor for business and home, theartifact™ also has developed a large collection of jewelry. not only replicas of historic pieces, but also novel and unique designs from the cultures and artists of the world. museum store company has a great selection of truly unique and distinctive jewelry which makes great accessories for any collection and perfect gifts.
ancient greek jewelry : museum store company. for example, aphrodite coin earrings – greek, c. 480 b.c. – aphrodite, greek goddess of love and beauty, is depicted on this coin holding the golden apple of discord. this prize was awarded to the most beautiful of the olympian goddesses in the judgment of paris, prince of troy. the judgment was believed to…. visit ancient greek jewelry
ancient egyptian jewelry : museum store company. scarab & lapis earrings – the ancient egyptians attached great religious significance to the combination of lapis and gold and to the humble scarab beetle, a symbol of resurrection and eternal life. regalia made of gold and lapis was believed to place the wearer under the… visit ancient egyptian jewelry
anatomical pendants and jewelry : museum store company. for example, the brain – from our 3d anatomical medical collection, our brain pendant was intricately hand carved creating an anatomically accurate three dimensional (3d) representation of the brain. as a fully dimensional piece, this pendant captures not only scientific accuracy, but the beauty and splendor of the human body — a true conversation piece! visit anatomical pendants and jewelry
medieval jewelry : museum store company. for example, the medieval labyrinth necklace, gothic 13th century – the medieval labyrinth of rheims necklace. the ancient meditational device of walking the path of a labyrinth has been widely revived in recent years. labyrinths appear in many cultures with ancient, medieval and modern examples. unlike mazes, which… visit medieval jewelry
buddhist jewelry : museum store company. for example, buddha touching the earth pendant on cord : “siddharta” – the buddhist collection – gautama buddha was born in 563bc in northeast india. the buddha was the son of the king of the sakyas, suddhodana, who ruled at kapilavastu, on the border of nepal. his mother was queen maya. he was named siddhartha. he lived amidst the pleasures of… visit buddhist jewelry
faberge inspired jewelry : museum store company. for example, imperial blue egg on bow with pearl necklace – faberge inspired – russia, 18th – 19th century – russian collection – imperial court jeweler carl faberge and his craftsmen created magnificent eggs of various designs not only for russian nobility, but also for european dignitaries and the faberge shops. in 1886 the house of faberge was granted… visit faberge inspired jewelry
ancient goddess jewelry : museum store company. for example, the minoan snake goddess pendant on cord : the goddess collection – this figurine represents an agricultural fertility goddess or her priestess. the original was found in a storage room in the palace of knossos, crete. she is a votive offering and not a cult figure and therefore, probably represents a priestess who… visit ancient goddess jewelry
sundial ring pendants : museum store company. for example, the aquitaine celtic influenced sundial ring pendant – 12th century – engraved with an authentic celtic knotted design, this beautiful pendant, handcrafted in pewter is a favorite. eleanor of aquitaine gave a similar sundial to king henry ii to remind him when it was time to leave the hunt and join her for one of their love trysts. henry had a copy of the dial made for eleanor and had it inlaid with diamonds and engraved with the words carpe diem, or “seize the day”. we can’t inlay the diamonds, but henry’s inspired words are there on the inside of the pendant. visit sundial ring pendants
collectors museummint™ coin jewelry pendants : museum store company. for example, collector’s 1986 statue of liberty commemorative half dollar coin pendant coin jewelry – actual authentic collectibles -from our museum mint collection: this elegant commemorative coin was created in honor of the 100th anniversary of the dedication of the statue of liberty to the united states. the statue of liberty stands proudly overlooking the growing new york… visit collectors museummint™ coin jewelry pendants
classic chinese jewelry : museum store company. for example, chinese double happiness ring – when the chinese character for joy is doubled, it means shared bliss and is often used in the celebration of marriage, and as an assurance of continuing conjugal happiness for the future. feng shui is the ancient chinese philosophy which requires… visit classic chinese jewelry










search for:


  search





recent posts


best quotes – keep away from people who try to belittle…


coaching questions – what are good routines you have? w…


best quotes – as long as you live, keep learning how to…


best quotes – everything can be taken from a man but on…


best quotes – diversification is protection against ign…









                	copyright © 2025 icentre | oncall executive coaching 

                    all rights reserved | arden 


  


















































































































































































































