





argali white & yellow - the most complete and reliable phone directories search on the internet























argali ® white & yellow




                  the most complete and reliable search of
                  telephone directories on the internet
                





argali.com



























home
take a tour
download
get a free trialof argali pro
subscribe toargali pro
contact us















        please note:  argali services ended on november 30, 2014
        
          we've enjoyed providing our services to you and appreciate all the kind comments we've received
        











"... few, if any, can match the depth and power of argali white & yellow."






                  – the wall street journal









argali named one of time magazine's "50 coolest websites 2006".




                  – time magazine











"a powerful directory lookup ... a real time-saver."




                  – searchenginewatch











did you know... different telephone directories return different results





            argali saves you time – it searches multiple telephone directories so you don't have to.  the found listings
            are combined, formatted in a uniform way and displayed as if they came from one integrated metadirectory. 
            many additional searches are also provided – see the list below. 
            





two editions of argali -- home and professional







feature
argali home

                           argali pro
                         


intended use
personal use only
no restrictions


searches per month
10
unlimited



price
free

                            $29.95 per user per year with discounts for multiple licenses
                         


customer support
email only
email and phone


installation on networks
no
yes


installation on terminal servers
no
yes


proxy servers support
no
yes


roaming profiles support
no
yes








argali can perform the following searches:




•  search for people phone numbers.
•  search for business phone numbers.
•  reverse search like "whose phone number is this?"

•  reverse search for "what businesses are at/on this address/street?"
•  search for toll-free phone numbers.
•  search for maps.
•  search for area codes.
•  search for zip codes.
•  search for weather conditions and forecast.



            »» take a tour of argali features.
          





additional features of argali:




•  
                                                    search results can be:
                                                    
  – sorted (by last/business name, address, street name, city, state, zip code or phone number).
  –saved into a file (in html, csv or text format).
  –printed.
  –emailed to others.



•  argali remembers your last 20 search results.
•  argali automatically updates itself when a new version becomes available.











        vladimir found barack's phone number through agali white & yellow


















          some of argali users
        




















what others say:

not finding the person you want?   try argali.pc world
need to find someone? ... this is a great place to start!the kim komando radio show
the mother of all phone number search tools.inside the internet
i love argali.com and you will too.         poynter online
among 10 must have desert island web sites for private investigators.pi buzz — pi magazine
...the best ...                             sun-herald
website of the day.                         nbc/ksdk news channel 5
website of the month.                       working smarter
among the the top ten for 2004.             invisible web sites for investigations





user testimonials:

wonderful service!!!!!
– roi brown, pi
temple city, ca


i love argali and use it almost daily.  it finds numbers a lot of others don't.
– henry domanski
baldwinsville, ny


argali white & yellow is the best people search program i have ever used!   thank you so much for this wonderful tool!
– florence johnson, kredit forever
new jersey


searching for phone numbers on argali is easier and quicker than finding them in my paper directory.
– tommy nesbit, majestic tours
monroe, north carolina


every now and then i find something really wonderful on the internet...   what a great program.
– jerry amos
bradenton, florida


you provided me and others with the most awesome search utility tool around.
– charles toufos
new york


a great big thank you!   you made it possible to reunite two army buddies after 50 years.
– raymond e. morgan
west virginia


a no-bs phonebook!  so very helpful.  i'd hang myself if you suddenly took it away.
– dallas pottinger
albuquerque, nm




                  since i started using argali my life has been a lot easier.   and everyone that i have told about your system & uses it loves it.
                



– r. gonzalez




                  illinois
                















terms of service
           

        privacy policy






            copyright © 2014 darwin holdings, inc.  all rights reserved
            argali is a registered trademark of darwin holdings, inc.  all other trademarks are property of their respective owners.
            






