







world fellowship center




















































 



 









 
about wfc
faqs
contact wfc
 make a reservationreserve donate nowdonate 

make a reservation today (603) 447-2280 | reservations@worldfellowship.org















 menu
                  


wfc offers   




programsrecreationvacations, retreats, eventslodging




create exciting memories as you enjoy optional offerings and the serenity of nature.
we have an incredible line-up of speakers, workshops, movement classes, arts & crafts, and more, for all ages.explore our 455 acres of scenic natural settings or take advantage of our many recreational facilities.you gather to work, play or celebrate — we’ll do the cooking. come on your own or with a group!whether you wish to camp in a tent, stay with your dog, or have wheelchair accessibility, we can accomodate you! 


make a reservation   




book nowcheck rates




reservations must be made in advance. start planning your stay with us!
ready to make a reservation? there are three ways.review our adult and children’s rates for this year. group rates are available! 


calendarplanning your stay   




general infodirections & transportationa summer day at world fellowship center




review our adult and children’s rates for this year. group rates are available!
here’s what to bring to wfc, our office hours, pet policy, and other useful tips.you can get to us by car, train, bus, plane, or even bicycle! see here for our suggested routes.curious about what a typical day at world fellowship looks like? possibilities abound! 


photo galleryget involved   




work/volunteeroutreach & eventscontribute to our programways to donatesummer 2024 wishlist




world fellowship thrives when everyone contributes with a generous spirit.
staff and volunteers help set the tone at world fellowship!you can volunteer for world fellowship year-round through outreach!volunteer to share your skills and experience by presenting art, movement, and/or educational programming.your contributions will help world fellowship continue vital education, inspiration, and empowerment work.see what items world fellowship can use in 2019! 


















wfc board statement & call to action
“…we know that we are living through a moment in history that future generations will look back at and ask how certain things could possibly have taken place. we know that the founders of the world fellowship center hoped to create a space and foster a movement that would stand firm against such horrors as those listed above – and the more unthinkable horrors that will certainly come if we all do not take immediate action. 
“and so we start with this statement and an open invitation to join us in concerted action to defend our core values and our collective future. we also reaffirm our commitment to sustaining and growing our supportive community spaces where we can come together, connect, reflect, strategize, heal, and find safety whatever the broader context. – the wfc board of trustees”
read full statement
 
 
learn about world fellowship’s unique history & mission
for 83+ years, progressive activists have found a home away from home at world fellowship center, originally founded in 1941 as a physical home for an interfaith movement fostering peace through intercultural, interracial, and interreligious understanding and with a bold vision for global governance as a pathway to peace during the horrors of world war ii. over the years, we have grown into a secular organization, with great respect for the role that faith and humanist philosophies have for many in grounding their commitment to social justice, and we have offered a safe haven at different moments in history for persecuted radicals during the mccarthy era, and for interracial, same-sex, and other non-traditional families to come together to appreciate nature and learn through exchange and a continuous process of “life as dialogue” as the basis for a secular form of “fellowship” across diversity. through our educational and recreational programs, we bring people into nature, offer space for reflection and learning, building mutual understanding and refreshing individual and movement efforts toward social justice and progressive activism.

 
these practices continued in the summer 2024, with regular community conversations about priority issues from gaza to the impending u.s. elections, social justice struggles to protect housing rights and advance reparations, among others, and intergenerational exchanges through our inaugural summer social justice insitute. during the fall, winter, and spring, we continue to offer retreat space for social movements and other gatherings, while supporting our broader community through online programs and occasional in-person gatherings/events in nh and elsewhere where wfc community members live year-round.
plan your visit to world fellowship & see how to get involved!

off season visit: as we move into the colder months, the beautiful davis-walsh house remains open for short- and long-term stays. come and explore the magic of whitton pond in the fall or gather your family or friends for the holidays or for a ski weekend with cozy evenings by our masonry fireplace. you don’t have to wait until next summer to come back!
volunteer: already thinking toward next summer? want to spend a few weeks, a month or the whole summer at world fellowship? we have options for long-term volunteers who help with various aspects of summer operations from gardening to body movement, cooking to hospitality, organizing hikes and outdoor activities. two-week minimum commitment. send an email to sign up for summer 2025!
vacations with a purpose: whether it’s your 1st time or 50th year running, start planning when you can join us in summer 2025 to learn, relax, connect and replenish in the beautiful white mountains and the company of an intergenerational, progressive community. we look forward to a full summer 2025 with social justice programming, hiking, swimming, boating, body movement, kids’ activities, music and more!
retreats: world fellowship offers workshop and training space to groups and organizations throughout the year. accommodations are rustic and the food is delicious, with swimming, boating and hiking on our 455-acre campus and more adventure in the white mountains all around us. inquiries: office@worldfellowship.org
events: weddings, celebrations, reunions, memorials. let us help you plan the special event that launches or reaffirms your connection. many beautiful outdoor space options abound, including mount chocorua and whitton pond as a backdrop to your love for nature and each other. inquiries: office@worldfellowship.org
we encourage you to become a monthly donor and to support world fellowship’s next 80 years working for a more just world – and check out our wishlist as you do your spring cleaning!
sign up for our newsletter here.
 




wfc board statement & call to action (feb. 2025)



join upcoming program in partnership...



read our 2024 end-of-year newsletter!



our message to the wfc community, november 6, 2024



considering an ev? hear from wfcers!



missing wfc discussions? catch up on any virtual programs you may have missed!





wfc board statement on gaza (jan. 2024)



become a part of the legacy
for over 80 years, world fellowship center has nurtured a progressive vision for a more peaceful, just and equitable world. world fellowship welcomes all who seek community, solidarity and respite in the beautiful white mountains of new hampshire on the abenaki land of n'dakinna. 






























vacations

families and friends have been enjoying the get-away opportunity that wfc offers for decades. spend a few days with like-minded folks in a beautiful setting! 


retreats

we love to host groups! we have a range of options for your multi-day retreat or conference that includes enjoying the unique setting wfc provides.


events

whether planning your wedding, retirement party, or child’s birthday weekend, wfc can help you make it a celebration to remember.









upcoming events &
                                programs




there are no upcoming events at this time.














at world fellowship center, each day offers many options for all ages, resulting in a memorable experience of relaxation, growth, learning, and rejuvenation. wfc allows each visitor to choose the activities that best fit with what they need – a day with us can be as full or as open as you want it to be!













we are committed to sustainability and environmental stewardship
we strive to protect the wilderness and every environment surrounding us. we hope to reduce negative impact, learn and employ environmentally sustainable practices, and provide an opportunity for visitors and staff to learn and deepen their own conservation efforts.
more about our practices                                                













each day is an opportunity for growth!
our mission is to promote social justice and connections between people, communities, and nature through education, recreation, and creative expression.
your strength, commitment, and support make a better world possible. join in standing up for justice in the face of wrong – at wfc, in the streets, in your community, in your neighborhood. it takes courage to be the change we hope to see, but it starts with each of us accepting the challenge.









“world fellowship is a great place which allows me to be wild and free from all my sad worries, to feel awesome in my own way. thank you, staff, for all your awesome work. thank you all!”
tg, age 12


vacations, retreats, events — we’ve got it all.
plan a stay for yourself or your group!

									book now                                    











located at
368 drake hill rd.
albany, nh 03818


contact us
(603) 447-2280
office@worldfellowship.org


mailing address
world fellowship center
po box 2280
conway, nh 03818-2280











 










view site
                        map





site by vwm



nh meals & rentals license #047153




























