









cowboy bob's home spread - horse riding and horsemanship tips, photos, stories, and more for cowboys and cowgirls of all ages!
























howdy!
...and welcome to cowboy bob's home on the web range!



kick off yer boots, set a spell, and i'll show you some photos, share some horse-handling and riding tips, answer a bunch of questions, and spin a yarn or two 'bout horses, cowboys, riding, what's happenin' in my neck of the woods, and more!
to make your stay here more interesting, i've stashed a bunch of photos, horsemanship tips, and other fun stuff in all sorts of nooks and crannies. 
one section is now huge: an online illustrated "cowboy dictionary" with more than 1,200 entries and hundreds of graphics! 


the home spread now has more than 800 pages, so have fun lookin' around!

my kinfolk
willy & company
some newspaper columns
(a sample of my columns from the pages of the grand rapids, mn, herald-review)

cowboy
bob's trading post
(shop for horse and western-related books, westernwear, gifts
for horse lovers, and lots of other great stuff on-line! i think you'll be impressed by these top-of-the-line merchants -- places like shepler's, back in the saddle, and barnes and noble!)
cowboy bob's weather lore
(a collection of handy weather sayings and insights you should know before you hit the trail!)
cowboy bob's campfire conversations
(an assortment of stories about horses, cowboys, the old west and more -- served with a sprinkling of my horse-handling tips!)
learning more about horses, horsemanship, cowboys and such
be sure to check out the expanded "questions
and answers" section -- with more than 300 horsemanship and cowboy related entries

cowboy bob's cowboy calisthenics
(a practical, low-impact physical fitness program - and it's free!)
cowboy bob's trophy case
cowboy bob's cowboy dictionary
this is the most popular section of the home spread! about 1,200 cowboy words and phrases plus hundreds of illustrations!




even greater than my love of
horses is my love of the young adults i get to work with at the little
country church i attend. sometimes i even get to combine the two - like
when we have a western-themed vacation bible school. 
click
here if you'd like to learn more about calvary pines baptist church in
cohasset, minnesota. (www.calvarypinesbaptist.com)






home on the range
here's yours truly and willy when willy was 26 and before his health began to fail. willy's
registered name is "birchwoods king supreme," but that's a bit of a mouthful, so he was usually just called willy. i have no idea who gave him that nickname originally.






willy at work (play?)
during the time i had him, we've had hundreds of folks of various
sizes on willy. some of the more advanced students developed their sense
of balance and the way a horse moves by doing some basic equestrian vaulting
moves. (vaulting is probably best defined as "gymnastics on horseback").
here's a picture of jenny doing a bareback exercise that i call "the swan." (see
the "willy & company" page for some of willy's other friends.)




where it all began
yep, that's yours truly forkin' his first bronc at the ripe old age of 28 months.






cowboy bob's home spread is "bobby approved" -- meaning these pages are -- and have been since 1999 -- accessible to people using assistive technologies to view web pages. 

we listed with icra

come again!

copyright © 1999 - 2020 bob lemen, grand rapids,
minnesota. all rights reserved.
the contents of this document are not for reproduction.
special thanks to: michael g. shaikun and the animated
gif artists guild for providing the following files: cow.gif, flame.gif, projector.gif and sissy.gif; 
www.aaaclipart.com for the up arrow and left arrow icons; bayside.net for twirls.gif; and raimund of www.rwexports.com, 
who supplied the animated running horse rule and the animated horse which served as the base for my small running willy 
picture. all other artwork by bob lemen, used under license, or as otherwise credited.






