











prma | center for advanced breast reconstruction

































 
























for advanced skincare and scar management solutions, visit our sister practice: preema.org 

















 search



search for:


search




patient portal


800-692-5565














about

our team

dr. ledoux
dr. pisano
dr. nastala
dr. chrysopoulo
dr. arishita
dr. ochoa
dr. gassman
dr. whipple
dr. fries
dr. merceron
dr. carpenter


why prma

advanced breast reconstruction
restore breast sensation with trusense
lymphedema surgery
shared decision-making
enhanced recovery after surgery (eras) protocol
hidden scar mastectomy & breast reconstruction
abdominal motor nerve preservation
nipple-sparing mastectomy


prma in the news

prma celebrates 30 years of excellence
prma’s dr. merceron featured in ksat news story on breast cancer
plastic and reconstructive surgery practice, prma announces expansion
breast cancer journey and advanced reconstruction options
advanced breast reconstruction options on sa living
san antonio breast center welcomes newest breast reconstruction specialist to the team
guest post: strength training after breast reconstruction
the importance of choosing a breast surgery team rather than just a surgeon | prma newsletter, june 2022
fat necrosis after breast reconstruction | prma newsletter, july 2022
how early stage breast cancer spreads to other parts of the body | prma newsletter, may 2022
local breast reconstruction center hosting 10k race to raise money for breast cancer nonprofits
body image and breast reconstruction complications – are they related? | prma newsletter, april 2022
san antonio breast center is improving patient breast reconstruction results with high-def diep
4 tips for a health recovery after breast reconstruction | prma newsletter, march 2022
how much fat do you need for diep flap | prma newsletter, february 2022




breast reconstruction

mastectomy reconstruction

intermediate vs. delayed breast reconstruction
trusense® restore feeling after mastectomy
diep flap
high definition diep flap breast reconstruction
siea flap
thigh flap
gap flap
tram flap
latissimus flap
expander to implant
direct to implant
fat grafting
nipple sparing mastectomy
hidden scar mastectomy & breast reconstruction
enhanced recovery after surgery
opciones de reconstrucción mamaria


lumpectomy reconstruction

oncoplastic surgery
breast symmetry after lumpectomy
fat grafting
completion mastectomy


additional procedures

post mastectomy pain syndrome
prophylactic mastectomy
revision surgery
breast symmetry surgery
nipple reconstruction
explant surgery
corrective surgery
aesthetic flat closure
male breast reconstruction




lymphedema surgery

vascularized lymph node transfer
lymphovenous anastomosis
vascularized omentum lymph node transfer
lymphedema measurement chart


cosmetic surgery

breast procedures

breast augmentation
breast lift
breast reduction
explant surgery
cirugía cosmética ofrecida en la prma plastic surgery


body procedures

liposuction
tummy tuck
body contouring
brachioplasty
mommy makeover
cirugía cosmética ofrecida en la prma plastic surgery


facial procedures

facelift surgery
eyelid surgery – blepharoplasty
forehead lift surgery
facial fat grafting




gallery

reconstruction

diep flap/siea flap
high definition diep flap before & after photos
gap flap breast reconstruction before & after photos
thigh flaps
latissimus flap breast reconstruction before & after photos
tissue expander to implant
direct to implant breast reconstruction before & after photos
nipple sparing mastectomy before & after photos
prophylactic mastectomy with breast reconstruction before & after photos
explant surgery before & after photos
corrective breast reconstruction


cosmetic

breast augmentation before & after photos
breast lift before & after photos
breast reduction before & after photos
tummy tuck before & after photos
liposuction before & after photos
mommy makeover before & after photos
brachioplasty (arm lift) before & after photos




resources

blog
prepare for your consultation

insurance faq
questions for your diep flap surgeon
medication log


prepare for your surgery

breast reconstruction stages
diep flap pre-operative instructions
drain care instructions
instrucciones preoperatorias para el colgajo diep
medications to avoid before surgery
post-operative care
pre & post care healing essentials
tips to prepare for surgery
using nutrition and exercise to prepare for surgery
why you must stop smoking before surgery


patient stories
traveling to prma

flight assistance
hotel assistance
local hotels with prma rates


patient support

upcoming support group events


provide feedback
work at prma


contact
patient portal
 





                                                schedule appointment                                            


                                                    schedule appointment  
                                                













 






									home								





































prma plastic surgery 
							rebuilding lives after breast cancer 
							 schedule a consultation schedule a consultation

through advanced breast reconstruction, restoring breast
sensation after mastectomy, and lymphedema surgery 
							 




























breast reconstruction is our passion
state-of-the-art breast reconstruction & lymphedema surgery
our procedures include diep flap, siea flap, gap flap, thigh flaps, fat grafting, direct-to-implant, nipple-sparing mastectomy, and lymphedema surgery. combined, our surgeons have over 100 years of advanced breast reconstruction and microsurgery experience. all of our surgeons have completed extensive microsurgery training.












advanced breast reconstruction

breast reconstruction is our passion. we specialize in state-of-the art breast reconstruction procedures including diep flap, siea flap, gap flap, thigh flaps, fat grafting, direct-to-implant, nipple-sparing mastectomy, and lymphedema surgery. combined, our surgeons have over 100 years of advanced breast reconstruction and microsurgery experience. all of our surgeons have completed extensive microsurgery training.







restoring breast sensation

patients undergoing mastectomy must understand they may lose all feeling to the chest area, regardless of whether they choose to have breast reconstruction or not. most patients undergoing breast reconstruction will also candidates for nerve reconstruction (“ trusense℠ or resensation®”) at the time of their reconstruction. this repairs the nerves cut by the mastectomy and significantly improves return of feeling to the reconstructed breast.







in-network with most insurance

prma is in-network with most major us insurance plans and does not balance bill. to learn more about insurance coverage for breast reconstruction and to find answers to common insurance related questions click here.







shared decision-making

shared decision-making (sdm) is the most important aspect of patient-centered health care. shared decision-making occurs when the health care professional and patient work together to make a treatment decision that is best for the patient. the best decision takes into account evidence-based information about treatment options, the physician’s knowledge and experience, and equally, the patient’s preferences and values. multiple studies show this collaborative approach improves patient outcomes and satisfaction. at prma, we believe each patient is unique, and as such, no two breast reconstruction journeys will be alike. to empower our patients with the information they need we recommend patients download the breast advocate app–the world’s first shared decision-making app for breast cancer surgery and breast reconstruction.












 

 























over 12,500 breast procedures
prma is one of the leading breast reconstruction centers in the world
we have performed over 12,500 breast reconstruction procedures, including over 10,500 microsurgical flap procedures, making prma one of the leading breast reconstruction centers in the world.




















breast reconstruction 
women have several breast reconstruction options to consider following breast cancer surgery. after a mastectomy, options range from implants to “flap” techniques which use the patient’s own tissue to recreate a “natural”, warm, soft breast. breast reconstruction can also be performed at the same time as a lumpectomy to maximize the cosmetic results and maintain breast symmetry.





      read more   


















lymphedema surgery 
at prma we offer the complete spectrum of upper extremity lymphedema treatment. microsurgery is part of our daily practice and we are proud to offer our patients state-of-the-art reconstructive procedures including lyphatic-to-vascular anastomosis (“lva” hook-up) and vascularized lymph node transfer.





      read more   


















cosmetic surgery 
whether you’re interested in breast augmentation, breast reduction, liposuction or any other body cosmetic surgery procedure, our plastic surgeons will provide you with the best results possible.





      read more   



























prma plastic surgery patient stories 
















oh what i would give to have found prma before my mastectomy, prosthesis, implants and 6 plus years of not being satisfied. i thank god every day for bringing prma into my life and i thank them for doing what they do so well. my wish is that prma reaches as many women possible early on so they too can benefit from the amazing work that they do for breast cancer patients. i promote prma every chance i have! 
colleen deer park, wa















 i would like to say is throughout the whole procedure from the first procedure, to the second procedure, to my final procedures i never felt less than a woman. i like my breast, and so the entire time i never felt like i was not a woman at any point. so definitely i would recommend prma to anyone and everyone. 
sarah san antonio, tx















i’m super excited and love the results and feel amazing. i want to let anyone listening to this know that i had the worst anxiety before my surgery thinking of everything you can imagine. i can say that this was 100% the right choice for me i love the way that i look. the process was much easier than what i expected. 
laurie yorba linda, ca















i knew i wanted to have a mastectomy, but i didn’t know about breast reconstruction. dr. ledoux gave me all the options i had, and i really appreciated that! 
jackie san antonio, tx






























 
















planning to travel?
prma plastic surgery routinely caters to patients traveling to san antonio for breast reconstruction or cosmetic surgery.
our dedicated patient liaison will walk you through each step of the way! from the initial virtual consultation to travel and accommodations planning, we are here for you.





what to learn more? contact us today! 






contact us
























useful resources
for before & after your surgery




























 
 comparing apex flap and diep flap breast reconstruction  














 
 monitoring the health of your flap & after surgery  














 
 autologous vs alloplastic breast reconstruction: patient reported satisfaction  














 
 delaying breast reconstruction due to covid-19  














 
 covid-19 and breast reconstruction: your questions  














 
 think you're "too old" for diep flap?  





























 








ready to get started?
schedule your virtual consultation
get personalized breast reconstruction recommendations from our plastic surgeons in the comfort of your home.








contact us





























subscribe to our newsletter






leave this field empty if you're human:  










facebook
x
instagram
youtube
pinterest
linkedin
 

about prmaour practice
blog
careers
contact us
 

what we dobreast reconstruction
lymphedema surgery
cosmetic surgery
 


contact us 




800-692-5565







9635 huebner rd.,
san antonio, tx 78240
540 madison oaks, suite 600,
san antonio, tx 78258
 







copyright 2025 prma plastic surgery center



 



 






 

 





 
















