
















home page | the writers' union of canada














































      skip to main content
    









 reset
 show/hide
























user account menu






donate


become a member


member login












































search





search

















user account menu






donate


become a member


member login

















cart
0



















aboutmember directoryget publishedservices offereddirectory of canadian publishers & writers' how-to seriesmanuscript evaluation servicehiring a ghostwriterliterary agentsdirectory of resourcesprogramspublic readingsnational public readings programschool visitsontario writers-in-the-schoolsparticipating authorswriters-in-the-schools across canadatwuc awardsdanuta gleed literary awardshort prose competition for emerging writersfreedom to read awardgraeme gibson awardwebinarsbipoc writers connectmentorship micrograntsadvocacycommunity boardnews










toggle navigation



























search





search

















main navigation






about


member directory


get published 


services offered


directory of canadian publishers & writers' how-to series


manuscript evaluation service


hiring a ghostwriter


literary agents


directory of resources






programs 


public readings


national public readings program




school visits


ontario writers-in-the-schools


participating authors


writers-in-the-schools across canada




twuc awards


danuta gleed literary award


short prose competition for emerging writers


freedom to read award


graeme gibson award




webinars


bipoc writers connect


mentorship microgrants






advocacy


community board


news












































the national organization of professionally published writers.





















call for submissions






the union invites submissions to its 32nd annual short prose competition for emerging writers. a $2,500 prize will be awarded to the winner. deadline extended: february 23, 2025.

learn more


















getting published






finished your first manuscript? part way through a promising work-in-progress? have a great idea for a story? getting published can be a challenge, but twuc is here to help. read our free getting published faqs to understand your next steps. 

download our getting published faqs





















































kevin chong





fiction and nonfiction writer (photo: andrew querner)





i wouldn't want to think of the kind of literary landscape we would be inhabiting without twuc, and can only wishfully imagine the good work that could be accomplished if every canadian writer became a part of it.





























how twuc supports our members








powerful advocacy in support of writers’ rights
connection with a community of professional writers across the country
increased income opportunities through public and school readings programs
free professional development resources and how-to guides
be paid to mentor, or be mentored by, another writer through the union's mentorship microgrants
access to dedicated staff for contract advice and grievance assistance




download a sample of twuc resources




















upcoming webinars









the writers' union of canada presents webinars on a range of craft and business topics for writers. all twuc webinars are closed captioned. learn more about accessibility at the union. the following webinars are open to the public; members of the union can find special member-exclusive webinars and recordings in the twuc member portal.











19 feb
2:00 pm et
                    
                    11:00 am pt
                    









getting paid through plr
learn about the public lending right program.





find out more









27 feb
2:00 pm et
                      
                    11:00 am pt
                   









in conversation with 2024 freedom to read award winner brandi morin
celebrate freedom to read week!





find out more



















full list of webinars






















member announcement
















jan. 23 2025



the buttes
jane buchan













more announcements



























footer menu






equity policy


accessibility


contact us 


privacy policy 


supporters









follow us:










social links










































we would like to acknowledge funding support from the canada council for the arts and the ontario arts council, and the government of ontario for their support. ​​​​​​ the writers’ union of canada does not endorse or recommend any commercial products, processes, or services.copyright © 2025 the writers’ union of canada | charitable number: 105261341rr0001









































