



the outdoorsman inc, buy gold, buy silver, jewelry, daylilies, stella de oro

















































































navigation instructions: click a section title below to visit that particular area on the web site.




check out our daylily tour 
 
 



  


spring is over for the year and we want to thank all of you who visited our site and purchased plants from us. we will have lots of new things on the site for you in the near future to help you buy and learn more about our daylilies. make sure to bookmark this site (internet explorer only) because next year's spring is right around the corner and we want you to help us celebrate daylilies - the fireworks from the earth. make sure to call us to make your appointment to visit our nationally famous gardens for spring 2006. see the mountain in splendid color full of daylilies. until then, have a wonderful holiday season and a happy new year! 


 


 

thanks to everyone who purchased daylilies last year; we look forward to making 2007 and years to come the best years yet.  this year the garden is only open to the public on weekends during peak bloom and by appointment.  please, please call ahead if you wish to visit.  the contact number is: (828) 264-0335  days or nights with voice mail; for orders.  leave a message and or a return phone number and i will call you back. -- dale whisenant, president, the outdoorsman, inc. 
we have a new online store full of our daylilies. we are adding more of our inventory daily. if you don't see a plant in the store that you have either purchased from us in the past or one that you would like to purchase, please contact us. 







 
 



 






mr. chipmunk invites you to visit our new log cabin store which is located at 135 hardin street right in boone, north carolina. call us at: (828) 262-1111 or come by to see all that we have to offer. we would love to see you. 


 


we welcome you to come out and visit our new store which is located at 135 hardin street in boone, north carolina; across from appalachian state university. it is a 1929 vintage log cabin that was built by the wpa of the roosevelt era. we moved and restored it to as original as possible and welcome your visits! 




 



 

we are pleased to offer what we feel is the best country ham available. goodnight brothers are producers of traditional country ham since 1948. country ham dry cured with sugar and salt from goodnight brothers, boone, nc. located in the northwestern blue ridge mountains of north carolina. makes a fantastic main course during the holidays or any day of the year!  

our plants do not come from any pre-cut farm. we grow and cut our own beautiful quality plants and package them right in the smoky blue ridge mountains at nationally-famous the outdoorsman, inc. daylily gardens.



 

we have choice parking lots in the downtown boone, north carolina area available to the public. please visit hour parking to get information about lot locations and instructions on using our meters. get the best boone parking available.








 the outdoorsman, inc., 135 hardin. boone, north carolina 28607 | (828) 264-0335 | fax (828) 266-1111 | email us 








the outdoorsman home 
daylilies
who are we? 
the outdoorsman links 
contact the outdoorsman 













