


adopt a sheep adopt a lamb at adoptafarm.com










adopt a sheep or lamb at adoptafarm. this cyber pet adoption site uses javascript and your browser is not set up to use it. to adopt a lamb please activate javascript in your browser, so that you can view the sheep stories and sheep photographs or rent a lamb and rent a sheep.


adopt a sheep or lamb at this cyber pet site. this adopt a sheep site uses javascript and your browser is not set up to use it. to adopt a pet lamb please activate javascript in your browser, so that you can view the sheep stories and sheep photographs or rent a lamb and rent a sheep.




 
hello new server!


























   
		  about the site.....






about adoptafarm
about lochdhu





   
		  membership.....






members
join now
adopt a lamb
prepaid adoption
shepherds
forum
swaplambs
swaplamb wars
swaplamb faqs
league tables
cyber pets





   
		  photos to see.....






farm animals
fluffy lambs
black sheep
goats
dougie the lamber
sheep project





   
		  photos to send to a friend.....






sheep photos
lamb postcards





   
		  other things to do.....






paint a sheep pink
farm games
farming calendar
farming dictionary
lamb cam
lamb sounds
nodding sheep
sheep webcam
sheep videos
sheep shop
email a friend
contact us


















things written about adoptafarm



	.... and then when i clicked the add to favorites link i got a free sheep in my favorites! lol
	.....
	hi daddy this is what i want for easter!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! im not kidding
	.....

	thought this was incredibly strange... so i sent it to you, you have to admit it is kinda cute though!!!
	.....
	this website is kewl!!!
	.....
	this site is sooooooooooooooo kool!!!!!!! look at all da cutes sheepies!!!!!!!!!!! u can adopt one!!!!!!!!! 
    .....
	wow! a website totally devoted to sheep i just thought i'd share my joy and rapture at finding such an exquisite site
    .....
    these are pretty cute. definitely the website for you :)
	.....












































privacy policy
terms of use


































adopt a sheep 
		 online at adoptafarm for less than £1 per month, you can adopt a lamb on-line give it a name and watch it grow into a sheep through the year with a series of exciting monthly sheep photos and stories of your cyber pets viewed through the site.



farmer bob's spring sale! buy one get an adopted lamb for free! simply purchase your adopted lamb and you will receive an online adopted lamb for free to give to a friend. 
for example purchase one adopt a lamb kit and get an online adopted lamb for free at the same time. simply fill in your details and your adopt a lamb kit will be delivered to your choice of destination and you will receive a free adoption registration code in your registered email box or adopt a lamb online 
and a free adoption registration code will also be sent to your registered email adress. with either option the free adopted lamb can be passed to a friend of your choice.


there are lots of other things to do and see as a member of adoptafarm, simply click the join now link on the left.  check out what else you get when you join adoptafarm by clicking the 
about adoptafarm link on the left.  farmer bob has been running this site for more than five years now, our regular members keep coming back.
 













           join adoptafarm through a very simple on-line joining process. you can choose your adopted lamb and join online now simply by inputting your email address and other details within the payment mechanism.
           buy one get one free


















or order the adopt a lamb kit now.
			receive it through the post and choose your lamb then. this option is ideal if you want to give an adopted lamb as a present.
	       buy one get an online adoption for free



























great and unusual present! - register a lamb adoption for someone else in their name as a surprise present and we will deliver an adopt a lamb kit right to them, a unique fun present for all your friends. 


you will also receive a free virtual farm tour cd in your welcome pack with 360 degree 
views of the farm and fields, sheep video clips and super time lapse photography. 



this site is full of fun and educational information about
real farm animals such as the cute lambs, sheep and cows and their lives at lochdhu farm. adopt a lamb, 
get a free swaplamb and play swaplambwar and join the swaplamb league. send a free lamb postcard.
paint a real sheep pink or blue by donating ï¿½1 on the paint my sheep pink page. send a lamb on holiday, record where you saw him and name the lamb.
you can also view a selection of over 2200 lamb photographs by clicking on the lamb gallery link. 
a new section added recently shows sheep videos some from the farm.


turn this site into a mega cool class project, use the information - it is free. hey, we will even put your sheep project on the web if you think it is good enough. just get in touch!!
got photos of you and your show lamb then send them in and we will add them to into the show lamb section coming soon. just add some details for a wee story.
whitdale primary school decided to adopt their own lamb and have sent farmer bob some sheep pictures that they drew themselves.
to view their sheep pictures just click this link sheep pictures


if you want to know more about what adoptafarm is offering click the about adoptafarm link on the left, but believe me we will be offering a real
experience of farming in the scotland (well as real as it can get on the web). if you have 
an idea you would like us to incorporate then drop us a line 
at farmerbob@adoptafarm.com


try some of these games games includes sheepgame.


don't forget to have a look at the lamb gallery, 
these are some of the 2200 photographs we have 
so far on adoptafarm and we are adding more photographs and stories every month. members can 
save these photos in their own personal lamb gallery for viewing at any time. feel free to print or copy the photographs as long as you are not using them for any commercial reason.
if you have any of your own sheep photographs then please send them in to us if you would like us to include them on the site. 
we would like to include a section on show lambs from the usa so if you have some lamb photos just send them in, give me your details and i will give your name a credit on the site.






warning

        do not put your cursor over this link!!
       




this link


warning






     if you want to know what happens to real sheep, lambs, cows and other farm animals on a real 
     farm in scotland then keep up to date with adoptafarm. farmer bob will also be adding stories 
     about tractors, combine harvesters, jcb and other machinery used on the farm at lochdhu. dougie the lamber 
     will be introducing his sheepdog onto the adoptafarm site, but since dougie appears only once a year at lambing 
     time we will have to wait for that one.



bigger warning

        do not turn your sound up full and click this link!!
		
this link





     new and exciting educational information will be added regularly to this site, make sure you don't miss any of it. 
	 

	  































drop lambs
sheep are getting crafty
sheep reunited
decline of the aussie sheep shearer
adopt a sheep in italian (adotti una pecora in italiano)
nodding sheep ask the sheep
unusual present













 

























 





web



adoptafarm





sheep



lambwar































sheep videos
























		username





		password

























































































help farmer bob get tonumber one!
click the link below



sheep







































































  © adoptafarm.com  all rights reserved.





