



jewelry! at 123 bracelets.com: jewelry, necklaces, earrings, charms, photo bracelets and more












































        































bracelets



earrings



necklaces



necklace sets



photo jewelry



pins and brooches



anklets



watches and clocks



pearl, wood and shell jewelry



usa jewelry



cellular phone charms



jeweled bra straps



picture frames and albums



gifts for guys(& gals)



starter sets



specials & clearance



displays & stands



gift boxes & bags






about our company



contact our company



set up account



account login



customer service



sizing information






view cart



checkout now



company policies



privacy & security



wholesale purchasing


 








bracelets & bracelet styles from charm to stretch to crystal!
welcome to 123bracelets.com. stretch bracelets, charm bracelets, sterling silver, italian, leather bracelet, beaded bracelets & much more at up to 50% off retail prices! shop here & save!



 






 
 








 







 







 



 







 


123 bracelets.com features the latest trends & styles of fashion jewelry, costume jewelry & bracelets. we add to our inventory each week & always have over 500 styles of bracelets in stock & ready for delivery. your satisfaction is guaranteed on every purchase, if you are not happy we will exchange your item(s) for another with our "no hassles" guarantee. shop here & save up to 50% off retail - everyday!






















 





 





 












enter your email address here for a chance to win a
free $100
                                    gift certificate















enter now!







remove entry




 details

























 































:: safe shopping





privacy & security policy







secure shopping info







legal notice







shipping policies






:: helpful links





my account







customer service







sizing information







contact us






:: other information





wholesale purchasing







 special orders







clearance items







recommended links












© 2005 silver sun imports - all rights reserved
 





* all images, text content, product information and other forms of electronic media contained within this web site are the sole property of silver sun imports, inc. unauthorized use of any of this material will result in criminal prosecution to the fullest extent of the law.











link 
resources 


