



may's acres daylilies









 











 






































may's acres daylilies
        danville, kentucky 40422
        daylily@maysacres.com








anne shelton's computer generated 
			stained glass of my
			carpenters shavings image.



 


 



 




















                         
thanks for stopping by!   
follow the links to the left to view 
						images of the daylilies/seedlings i'm growing here in my 
						zone 6, central kentucky gardens. i'm also pleased 
						to share pictures of 
						our pets, farm, and various pieces of nature i find out 
						in the fields and woods.  enjoy!
elna aka che










daylilies
                              i am currently growing over 200 named cultivars.  
							all daylily photos in the galleries are taken here 
							in my gardens unless noted.  check out my 
							'general daylily information' pages for more daylily 
							related images.  





seedlings 
                              i have over 100 seedlings from years past that i 
							am currently growing for evaluation.  most will 
							be for sale soon as unnamed seedlings.  there 
							are a few that i have chosen to register.  
							please check back this spring when i will list those 
							for sale.  





photos - nature
                              fossils, rocks, snakes, spiders, flowers, trees, 
							birds, insects, and bugs.  lots of life out 
							there in the field and gardens.





photos - farm
                              mays acres farm is located on 240 rolling acres in 
							central kentucky.  since the 1940's there have 
							been many different types of livestock raised here 
							by the may family, we now raise mixed angus 
							cows/calves as well as daylilies.  luckily, the 
							calving season has peaked before the daylilies take 
							over almost all of my time.





photos - pets
							meet my shadow, scout...and farm dog, jet.
                               



 

















 


 


copyright 2009-2023 mays acres 
			daylilies
 
                      
 










a weed is just a wildflower with attitude.








why was tuck such an ugly duckling?










syrup filled ants, stinging caterpillars, cicadas molting at midnight.









 pictures from the january 2009 ice storm 
in boyle county, kentucky
 


 

    




