



 












mary powers, md, facs: confidence builder
























































aboutprocedures

abdominoplasty (tummy tuck) blepharoplasty brachioplasty breast augmentation breast lift / breast reduction brow lift facelift/mini-facelift neck lift/lower facelift injectables

lip lift botox® facial fillers/implants

 liposuction neograft™ / hair restoration otoplasty (ear surgery) rhinoplasty (nose surgery)

before/aftermedia

dr. powers’ art gallery: her paintings videos

testimonialsfinancecontact  long beach  (562) 427-8866  westlake village  (805) 379-3104  call us
 

























begin your journey toward real change
with dr. mary powers, an experienced female plastic surgeon, who understands your goals and supports you every step of the journey.the scallop shell is an ancient symbol of pilgrimage and spiritual journey.







 




 mary powers, md, facs: confidence builder
 

“i want your decision to pursue change to be the right choice for you. when we meet for your consultation, i will listen to the goals you want to accomplish, help you understand the procedures i recommend to achieve the goals and explain what you can expect from your results. i understand that your plastic surgery is a journey of true self-investment. my team and i will work together to provide you the most positive outcome and memorable experience from your journey.” – dr. mary powers
dr. powers is a board-certified plastic surgeon in private practice for more than twenty years in the los angeles area of southern california. her patients appreciate her unique combination of surgical skill and artistic talent that comes from a lifetime of painting that has won awards and accolades. please see dr. powers’ art for her recent work.
dr. powers has held multiple hospital and academic appointment as well as association memberships. she has contributed to medical research publications, and received training from some of the nation’s top centers of surgery. however, it is the relationships she has formed with patients, the care she has provided, and the outcomes achieved with them that best represent her skill and talent as a plastic surgeon. learn more about dr. mary powers’ work as a plastic surgeon, and get to know her and her team. read more…

 




why patients choose our practice
people become patients when they choose plastic surgery to create a real, permanent change in their appearance to express their inner self-image.
patients from westlake village to long beach who choose dr. powers’ practice know that for her achieving the desired goal is a top priority, along with patient safety and support. surgery is performed in state-of-the-art certified centers. the surgical journey will be closely followed with direct communication and follow-up visits until the goals are achieved. dr. powers’ door is always open and welcoming to her patients – past, present and future.


 

 

 

 




procedures


face

blepharoplasty
brow lift
facelift/mini facelift
neck lift/lower facelift
rhinoplasty
otoplasty
facial fillers / implants



breast

augmentation
lift
reduction

hair restoration

neograft™ hair transplantation



body

liposuction
abdominoplasty
brachioplasty (arm lift)





 



before & after gallery















contact us

 


















 i accept the terms of use

please leave this field empty.







 







visit us


westlake village office
696 hampshire rd. ste 170, westlake village, ca 91361
(805) 379 - 3104
map & directions


long beach office
4401 n. atlantic ave. ste 415, long beach, ca 90807 
(562) 427 - 8866
map & directions




 
 
 

© 2025 dr. mary powers facs.  strategic digital design by firm media © 2025

 



terms of use			

please be aware that this is not a secure email network under hipaa guidelines. please do not submit any personal or private information unless you are comfortable doing so. please understand that if you email us, you are agreeing to the use of an unsecured method and understand all replies will be sent in the same fashion and you are authorizing this.
by checking this box you hereby agree to hold dr. mary powers facs, its doctors and affiliates, harmless from any hacking or any other unauthorized use of your personal information by outside parties.
this website is provided for information and education purposes only and is not intended to offer specific medical or surgical advice to anyone. no doctor/patient relationship has been established by the use of this site, and no diagnosis or treatment is being provided. the information contained here should be used in consultation with a doctor of your choice. no claim or opinion on these pages is intended to be medical advice or to replace a one-on-one relationship with a qualified health care professional. no guarantees or warranties are made regarding any of the information contained herein.


x			

























