




 






north shore synagogue - a reform jewish congregation on long island, ny


















































a reform jewish synagogue on long island, ny


home
about us

our mission and vision
our people >>

our clergy and staff >>

rabbi jaimee shalhevet
cantor steven hevenstone
jacquelynn golub
jacquie sanchez
rabbis emeriti >>

rabbi david a. whiman
rabbi daniel fogel z’l
rabbi robert m. benjamin z’l
rabbi louis stein




our leadership


membership
contact list
join our mailing list
directions
monthly bulletin
about reform judaism
catering


worship

worship overview
shabbat

celebrate shabbat at home


tot shabbat
high holy days
holidays and festivals >>

sukkot holiday
celebrate chanukah
purim 2023




education

nursery school
affordable religious school program
religious school calendar
kindergarten to 2nd grade
3rd to 6th grade program
seventh grade
8th to 12th grade
adult education
bar and bat mitzvah

  b’nai mitzvah students




youth

tot shabbat
noshty k – 2
noshty 3 – 7
j.tel (grades 8 – 12)
urj summer camps


nursery school
community

donate >>

kol nidre appeal
religious school sponsorship
list of funds
fund donation form


blogs and articles
photo galleries>>

2021 – 2022 event photos


committees and task forces
sisterhood
brotherhood
tikkun olam (social action)
support our sponsors


calendar

our calendar
religious school calendar
monthly bulletin


 







  



  



  



  



  

 










vibrant religious school


talented clergyfamily shabbat services



learning holiday traditionspassover seder plates



a welcoming communitytashlich in oyster bay







learning through funpurim carnival



engaging worshipfrom classical reform to contemporary services







creating new connectionswomen’s seder



music for all agesjunior choir, adult choir, musical services and more







engaging all generations






creative worship experiencessecond day rosh hashanah in oyster bay




















 







upcoming events
there are no upcoming events at this time.









                                                            thanksgiving cook-a-thon and food drive                







learn more or register:register/donate for the thanksgiving cook-a-thon on thanksgiving dayinterfaith service and project on 11/24 at woodbury jewish centercoffee and bagels with the clergy on sundaysfundraiser at mario’s syosset on wed, 11/27 

 






                                                            chanukah fun for families and adults                







  

 






                                                            religious school registration                







current members can register here!
 

 






                                                            nursery school and tots!                







 

 






                                                            family events schedule                







2024 – 2025 schedules coming soon!
 

 






                                                            lifelong learning                







        2024-2025 schedule coming soon!    

 




 





















 



 


this month at nss
shalom bulletin
a monthly listing of events, services and general fun times












recent postslight chanukah candles with us! december 20, 2024 celebrate chanukah with us this year! on the first night, wednesday december 25th: join rabbi shalhevet at the plainview midisland y jcc at 1:30 pm as part of their chanukah fair which starts at 11amcoming together and rejuvenating (rabbi shalhevet) august 18, 2024 my dear north shore synagogue family, our year began, as it always does, in the month of tishrei (approximately mid-september) with our high holy day services and programs. we welcomed cantor steven10th anniversary of october 7th august 7, 2024 dear north shore synagogue family, today, being august 7th, marks 10 months since the brutal saturday morning, simchat torah attack on our israeli brothers and sisters on october 7th, now known as









north shore synagogue welcomes you 
north shore synagogue is a vibrant reform congregation of nearly 400 families offering a diversity of spiritual, educational, family, mitzvah and social opportunities for its members and the community.the mission of north shore synagogue is to join with our members in building a community where the practice of reform judaism enriches and uplifts our lives with understanding, warmth, friendship and meaning.  read our complete mission and vision statement here.though our members are drawn to our synagogue for various reasons – spiritual, social, educational and charitable – we seek to forge a common bond of commitment to jewish heritage, tradition and people even as we affirm the freedom to express these shared values in creative and individualistic ways.our hope is that you and your family will find a jewish home at north shore, where you can develop the tools of jewish living, the comfort of a community and a sense of connection that will last a lifetime and for generations to come. we feel strongly that membership in a synagogue, whether north shore or another synagogue, creates a bond that you’ll only find in a congregational community.we serve communities across nassau and suffolk county, including syosset, woodbury, old bethpage, plainview, jericho, oyster bay, muttontown, brookville, east norwich, hicksville, farmingdale, melville, glen head, cold spring harbor, laurel hollow and many others on long island. 

 



 











from the union for reform judaism / reform movement meet four black jewish leadersmeet four black jewish leaders
jemerman
february 7, 2025

jews of color

	
  
  
  
    image
                



          

  



              black jews continue to help shape our society, emerging as social justice leaders, writers, chefs, actors, and more. i hope you'll enjoy learning about these black jewish influencers whose intersectional identities have influenced their work.


      supporting immigrants and refugees in this challenging momentsupporting immigrants and refugees in this challenging moment
jemerman
february 6, 2025

immigration justice

	
  
  
  
    image
                



          

  



              welcoming the stranger, or immigrant, is a core part of jewish tradition, mentioned 36 times in the torah. we affirm our commitment to create the same opportunities for today's immigrants that were so valuable to our own community not so many years ago.


      experiencing a divorce? you are not aloneexperiencing a divorce? you are not alone
jemerman
january 17, 2025

divorce

	
  
  
  
    image
                



          

  



              starting from the torah we see that divorce is acceptable in judaism, that not all marriages are meant to last, and that one or both individuals in the couple have their reasons.


      unlock sephardi culture and connection with these 10 ladino phrasesunlock sephardi culture and connection with these 10 ladino phrases
jemerman
january 17, 2025

arts and culture

	
  
  
  
    image
                



          

  



              growing up in seattle, i was fortunate to be surrounded by the city's vibrant sephardi jewish community. seattle, with its large sephardi population, was the perfect place to grow up immersed in the language and flavors of this unique jewish culture.


       





contact info office@northshoresynagogue.org

north shore synagogue
83 muttontown eastwoods road
syosset, ny 11791
p: (516) 921-2282
f: (516) 921-2393
 
© 2024 north shore synagogue

 



  



  



  



  



  

 


 

 




					© 2025 urj
				














 
 














