 







richland county bar association



































































































 
x  closehomeabout the rcba organization details rcba history executive committee advisory committee annual awards past presidentsmembership members membership registration diversity committee why i belong celebrating women’s history monthrichbar news newsletter archives newsletter advertisingevents upcoming events event photos annual memorial service cle documentationcommunity service project help supreme court grounds beautificationemployment listingssouth carolina courtshelpful linkscontact


















 
welcome to the rcba
we are an essential resource for attorneys
practicing in richland county, south carolina.
find out why
 




















why i belong






we've been talking to our members to find out why they enjoy and benefit from being a member of the richland county bar association. see what they are saying!












“i belong to the rcba because there is no better way to connect with my colleagues outside of work; the pandemic may have halted that temporarily, but it is not gone forever. i also know firsthand that the leadership of the rcba is interested and invested in each of its members.”

- olivia jones
executive director, sc bar foundation







"being a part of the richland county bar association is not only vital for my development as a lawyer, but also for any women of color that want to be an asset to their legal community.  the essence of who i am is making sure that everyone has a seat at the table. the more i embrace who i am and interact with my peers, i realize my voice is not only appreciated, but needed. i am thankful for the richland county bar association for their “open arms” and support in the many ideas and conversation birthed in our diversity committee in which i serve as co-chair."

- cheslyne brighthop
cavanaugh & thickens, llc







“because my practice is primarily focused on clients/matters all over the country and abroad, i typically do not interact with my fellow attorneys here in columbia. being a member of the rcba affords me the opportunity to meet, and work with for the betterment of our community, the best and brightest attorneys richland county has to offer.”

- todd a. serbin
maynard nexsen, pc







"the richland county bar has allowed me to meet and connect with people that i never would have met anywhere else. i have developed a deep appreciation for the broad spectrum of attorneys we have in richland county working to make a positive impact in the lives of attorneys, clients and communities."

- lamar fyall
u.s. attorney's office, district of south carolina


 







view all


















about the rcba






the richland county bar association is the largest voluntary bar in south carolina and was established to promote the common business and professional interests of lawyers practicing in richland county, south carolina. over the years, our membership has grown to over 1,900 attorneys. our executive committee meets monthly to make decisions about the direction of our bar, and we hold various events all year long to foster strong relationship among our members. learn more about how you can get involved!







learn more






























rcba membership






the benefits of membership in the richland county bar association are numerous. we host events regularly, provide networking and service opportunities, offer continuing legal education, and provide regular communication and updates on what's going on in richland county's legal community. joining our bar offers access to a wealth of people and resources that will enhance your experience practicing law in richland country.








look up members






to find a lawyer, the south carolina bar association has a comprehensive directory.







member directory










become a member






use our online registration form to become a member and pay for your membership online.







join





















upcoming rcba events






december

wednesday, december 11, 2024
5:30 - 8:00 pm

register here
register for the annual meeting/holiday party by clicking on link or invitation above.
 
 
 
 
for additional information about any events, please email mandy.wren@scbar.org.

















the richbar news











the richbar news is the publication of our association. we feature articles written by richland county attorneys and provide information about members, our events, and other important happenings in the richland county legal community.
if you would like to access the latest issue, learn more about advertising in the richbar news, download past issues of the newsletter, contact the editors, or find out more about the newsletter in general, click on the button below.









learn more







































latest tweets












					twitter feed is not available at the moment.                















see more





















browse this site









homeorganization detailsrcba historyexecutive committeeadvisory committeeannual awards









membersmembership registrationupcoming eventscle documentationannual memorial servicecommunity service









newsletter archivesnewsletter advertisingemployment listingssouth carolina courtshelpful linkscontact us











contact us






p.o. box 7632
columbia, sc 29202
phone: 803.771.9801
fax: 803.799.4118
email: rcba@scbar.org






p.o. box 7632
columbia, sc 29202
phone: 803.771.9801
fax: 803.799.4118
email: rcba@scbar.org


































©2021 richland county bar association, all rights reserved.
web design by hlj creative, llc





















