





new books in german – new books in german promotes german-language literature for translation into english










































explore books
find funding
submit a book
for translators
news
 

home
about us
contact
newsletter signup
 







home 

intro loading…
willkommen!


great stories and ideas travel and translate well. we hope you will enjoy browsing this site to find trusted, expert, independent recommendations of german-language books that will suit anglophone readers. books which we recommend benefit from guaranteed financial support for their translation into english. 


latest book recommendations

[book reviews will appear here…]


view all book recommendations

news






 





												jury recommendations: autumn 2024					


september 6, 2024 

we are very pleased to share our autumn 2024 selection with you. our expert jury handpicked these fiction and nonfiction titles from a pool of around a hundred submissions submitted to us by their publishers.

read article… 







 





												innovative texts that resonate with readers: an interview with residenz verlag					


february 6, 2025 

an interview with residenz verlag

read article… 







 





												interview with katharina picandet, edition nautilus					


january 17, 2025 

sheridan marshall interviews katharina picandet, rights manager at edition nautilus, discussing the publishing house’s unique history and ethos, the challenges for contemporary publishing, and the stand-out titles on nautilus’s list.

read article… 







 





												connection, culture and crime – a conversation with joachim b. schmidt					


january 17, 2025 

						new books in german talks with bestselling and award-winning author joachim b. schmidt about his writing career, the role of writing in integrating into a new society, and how crime fiction can be used for social critique. 					
read article… 







 





												intern interview: tayiba sulaiman					


november 11, 2024 

recent intern tayiba reflects on her time with new books in german

read article… 







 





												novellas and short stories					


october 25, 2024 

an overview of the short story collections and novellas which have recently made the nbg recommendation list.

read article… 







 





												‘one of the most exciting emerging voices in the german-language literary scene’ jon cho-polizzi interviews lin hierse					


october 13, 2024 

journalist, novelist, and poet, lin hierse is one of the most exciting emerging voices in the german-language literary scene. jon cho-polizzi interviews her for new books in german.

read article… 







 





												de → en – enjoy in english					


october 7, 2024 
read article… 







 





												internship interview: sarah wolbach					


september 30, 2024 

recent intern sarah wolbach reflects on her stint with new books in german

read article… 




view all news














 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 






 



 


disclaimer & privacy policy
 





















		this website does not support internet explorer. 
		please use a modern browser like edge, firefox, chrome or safari.
	




