


mayavase.com




click on the above banners to enter either database.




 
			




hints and help

						 



the maya meetings
						and mesoamerican center ut, austin

						 



the aztlan journal

						 



order the maya vase books
						 



 











the photographs in mayavase.com were created with few exceptions by justin kerr over a period of thirty years. the vessels and objects depicted are in museums and collections across the united states, europe, mexico, guatemala, honduras, and belize. many of the photographs have been published in books and papers by scholars so that information about them is readily available. 


mayavase.com is composed of two databases. the vase database is composed of rollout photographs of maya vessels. many files have links to a still photograph of the vase and a number have links to essays describing details of the text from well-known scholars. there are also still photographs of plates and bowls. the portfolio section of the website consists of photographs of ancient archaeological sites in in mesoamerica and art objects from museums and private collections.


all photographs in both databases are in the public domain. they may be published for any scholarly or lawful purpose. the hints and help pages provide clues as to how to get the most from the databases. the resolutions of the photographs are ample for powerpoint presentations and student papers. 



for qualified scholars who require high resolutions photographs for professional publications, please fill out the request form on the dumbarton oaks website: https://www.doaks.org/about/photographic-services.  justin kerr ahtzib511@gmail.com may be contacted by email for specific questions about the photographs and submitting articles to include in the website.



















the illustrated

popol vuh



the dresden


						codex



the grolier


						codex



david stuart's blog



the precolumbian

						society,
						washington, dc



mesoweb











