





addiction prevention solutions for communities | hazelden betty ford
















































skip to main content












  
  








search
















graduate school







thought for the day







donate







careers







patient login









1-866-831-5700










professional resources






			move back
		









					professional resources
						



referring a patient
						



professional relations team
						



consulting and training solutions
						



professional development courses
						



mental health internships
						



butler center for research
						



events and training
						

















getting started






			move back
		









					getting started
						



contact us​
						



take a self-test​
						



check your insurance​
						



our admissions process​
						



refer a patient​
						

















programs & services






			move back
		







teen & young adult treatment tracks






learn about our acclaimed national behavioral health center, with specialized care for patients ages 12-18 and ages 18-25.






contact our referral team 






our referent relations team is ready to assist you! our team can answer your questions and streamline the intake process.


call now
online referral














					our services​
						



inpatient
						



outpatient
						



virtual
						



mental health
						



youth/young adult
						



family & children's services
						



recovery coaching and monitoring
						



detox
						



 admissions process​
						








					learn about addiction
						



how to do an intervention​
						



what is addiction?​
						



types of addiction​
						



addiction signs & symptoms​
						



adderall signs & symptoms​
						



alcohol signs & symptoms​
						



benzos signs & symptoms​
						



cocaine signs & symptoms
						



marijuana signs & symptoms​
						



meth signs & symptoms​
						



opioids signs & symptoms
						








					learn about mental health
						



types of mental health disorders
						



depression signs & symptoms
						



anxiety signs & symptoms
						



bpd signs & symptoms
						



seasonal affective disorder signs & symptoms
						









faq










our locations






			move back
		







our locations






in spring 2025, hazelden betty ford foundation will be opening an outpatient center in hudson, wi specializing in mental health and addiction. 






our center for teens & young adults






welcome to the #1 adolescent treatment center, with specialized care for patients ages 12-18 and ages 18-25.


learn more














					california
						



los angeles
						




rancho mirage (betty ford center)
						




san diego
						




online virtual services
						




					colorado
						




greenwood village (children's program)
						





					florida
						



naples
						




online virtual services
						




					illinois
						



chicago
						




online virtual services
						








					minnesota
						



center city
						




chaska
						




maple grove
						




plymouth (ages 12-18)
						




plymouth (ages 18-25)
						




st. paul
						




online virtual services
						




					new york
						



new york
						




online virtual services
						








					oregon
						



beaverton
						




newberg
						




online virtual services
						




					washington
						



bellevue
						




online virtual services
						




					wisconsin
						



hudson
						




online virtual services
						











learn more






			move back
		







join our team!






learn about our culture and benefits. search our job openings at multiple locations.












not ready to apply? join our talent community for new job updates.


learn more














 about us​
						




faq
						



treatment success rates​
						



our leadership team​
						



contact us​
						



our admissions process​
						



check your insurance​
						








resources
						




events​
						



webinars​
						



articles​
						



alumni services
						











explore our other services














 







search










trending searches







alcoholism




family




signs of addiction











back to navigation










referring professionals





consulting and training solutions




prevention solutions










community-centric prevention and early intervention solutions













what is prevention and early intervention support—and why does our community need it?
improving the well-being of our youth, saving lives, ending the current substance use and mental health crises—it all begins with early support in the community. so, what is prevention and early intervention support? we define it as educational conversations that start with children and continue through young adulthood. because promoting healthy choices starts with increasing protective factors and addressing risk factors now. it also begins with understanding the effective ways to intervene on risky behaviors before they turn into more long-term, increasingly life-threatening problems.













customized solutions for your community
to continue making positive changes, we need to involve people of all ages in the community—families, caregivers, schools, local organizations and more. focusing on a whole-community approach puts the power of prevention back in the hands of your community. in turn, healing and hope for the future continues.
but how does hazelden betty ford truly impact your community?
with customized solutions.
our experts meet your community exactly where it’s at—learning about its distinct history, experiences, strengths, challenges and gaps in current resources. together, we then create a plan to address each unique need using assessments, resources from within our portfolio and custom training solutions, including:

evidence-based and research-informed programs, curricula, services, training and resources
virtual and in-person professional development and training
multi-year engagement capabilities—to assess, train and provide resources your community can replicate


to us, success means creating a community-focus that overcomes the odds. it means leaving you with the ability to sustain and build on prevention and early intervention plans.

















prevention and early intervention initiatives







alcohol, tobacco and other drug prevention





kickstart and build a substance abuse prevention and early intervention plan in your community by addressing the issues unique to your young people before those issues turn into harmful problems.







violence prevention





empower young people to end the cycle of violence and foster safe environments throughout your community with a comprehensive prevention plan designed to help them live safer, healthier lives. 







mental health and well-being promotion





encourage health and wellness with preventative mental health and well-being measures and decrease negative mental health disorder outcomes, including suicide. 























working alongside your community







professional development and adult training













                                                        professional development and adult training
                                                    



                                                        parent, family, caregiver & community training
                                                    



                                                        community assessments, surveys & consultations
                                                    



                                                        youth-focused programming & curriculum
                                                    












professional development and adult training


parent, family, caregiver & community training


community assessments, surveys & consultations


youth-focused programming & curriculum














        professional development & adult training
    


create an action plan for your community with the tools and expert training needed to effectively educate young people and identify the early signs of substance use and mental health disorders. 





























        parent, family, caregivers & community training
    


give young people the opportunity to be their best selves and live their healthiest lives. start by educating yourself and your community on prevention and early intervention strategies. 





























        surveys, consultations & assessments
    


get a realistic and timely idea of what's really going on with substance use and mental health issues in your community. get started on a custom community-based prevention and early intervention plan. 





























        youth-focused programming & curriculum
    


empower and equip the young people in your community to live their healthiest, happiest lives with programming and curriculum designed specifically for their unique needs. 













































the prevention specialists were truly exceptional. i think they caused a lot of students to think seriously about making healthy choices. in my estimation, hazelden betty ford has gone from good to great, and i value the services that prevention specialists provide.


high school director

								school in ft. wayne, in, usa
							











i learned a lot from hazelden betty ford's prevention specialists! i've come to the point where i understand why not to take drugs, drink alcohol, etc., not just being told to not take it.


middle school student

								ridgeland, ms, usa
							











overall, one of the most powerful and important presentations all year—one that students going off to middle school need to hear.


elementary school principal

								middle school in farmington, ct, usa
							
















talk to our prevention solutions team



let’s shape and strengthen prevention solutions for your community together. 





call us
1-866-375-2996





email us


















consultation, training, education and support

        download the prevention solutions brochure
    
see how our community-based prevention model empowers individuals, families and communities to promote health and well-being for all—and create a brighter tomorrow. 




download brochure


















recent resources

        discover the power of prevention 
    



all articles

















					
					
						blog
					
				


conversation starters: how to talk about addiction with students of all ages

published mar 02, 2022




















webinar




        prevention and sel: an effective combination
        


      explore opportunities for programming alignment to meet the health needs of youth and understand how to focus sel and substance misuse prevention initiatives at every age.
	  























					
					
						podcast
					
				


emerging adults and mental health issues

published jan 05, 2021

































are you or a loved one struggling with alcohol or other drugs? call today to speak confidentially with a recovery expert. most insurance accepted.







for help, call:
1-866-831-5700




















harnessing science, love and the wisdom of lived experience, we are a force of healing and hope ​​​​​​​for individuals, families and communities affected by substance use and mental health conditions.




































for help, call:
1-866-831-5700










general info & admissions
1-866-831-5700




publishing
1-800-328-9000




graduate school
1-866-831-5700




media
1-866-831-5700




medical records
1-651-213-4492




philanthropy
1-888-535-9485




























stay in the know with hazelden betty ford foundation emails





sign up:










2025 hazelden betty ford foundation. all rights reserved. 







terms of use


privacy


notice of privacy practices


accessibility


nondiscrimination













 


1-866-831-5700















we use our own and third-party cookies to improve your experience and to analyze the use of our website. find out more about how we use cookies in our privacy policy.







reject cookies






accept cookies

























