




dale erwin & associates - dale erwin































































 

3337 chapel wood, fort worth, texas 76116 



 

8179663999 













































 
 


home
search
blog
for buyers
for sellers
about
contact

login





please wait ...




email



password
 i agree to the terms of service
forgot password?

login















x

 







































welcome







dale erwin 





your fort worth neighborhood expert 


















get in touch












































buyers
tell us what you're looking for in a home





















sellers
get your home value for free










































dale 







leading fort worth realtor 





my experience in fort worth gives me an edge over other real estate agents 







meet dale



























 














the best partner to find your new home  




my expertise in fort worth makes me the best choice to help you find your new dream home. contact me to get started today! 







contact me




 
























                                            experience 







dale 





these are a few reasons you should trust me with your next home purchase 
















 









professional 
i am a real estate professional. helping you find the home that is just right is my #1 priority! 












 









local 
i'm local, fort worth is my home and my community. i have all the inside information that will help with your home search. 












 









experience 
this isn't my first real estate deal. i will use my expertise to guide you through the whole process. 































                                          we were eager to sell our home right away. however, dales honesty and expertise led him to advise us to wait about a year or so due to market conditions. while it wasn't what we initially wanted to hear, we trusted his judgment. looking back, it was the best decision we could have made. by following...
                                              
read more 








mario 
real estate client










                                          we were faced with having to sell a home we had inherited, and we didn't know where to begin. fortunately, we found dale,  and it was the best decision we could have made. his compassionate approach, extensive knowledge, and attention to detail made the entire process stress-free. they handled every...
                                              
read more 








jamie and steve
real estate client










                                          initially, i felt overwhelmed and skeptical about buying a house as a veteran. however, working with dale changed everything. his unwavering support, expertise, and dedication made the process not only possible but surprisingly smooth. i'm now a proud homeowner, thanks to their guidance and encourag...
                                              
read more 








trayvon
real estate client










                                          dale is the best real estate agent i've ever worked with. he is knowledgeable, friendly, and always goes the extra mile to help his clients. i would highly recommend him to anyone looking to buy or sell a home.                                        






isabelle
real estate client










                                          i have worked with dale as my real estate agent for several years, and he is absolutely amazing. he is so intelligent and professional, and always reliable and knowledgeable. dale has helped me buy and sell several homes, and i have always gotten the best possible price.                                        






mike
real estate client































change imagereset image 






























 



it costs the same to work with the best as it does the rest 


















find homes for sale in fort worth, texas


find homes for sale in white settlement, texas


find homes for sale in azle, texas


find homes for sale in aledo, texas









other pages 






about




buyers




sellers




contact













quick links 






privacy policy




terms of service













office location 






 

3337 chapel wood, fort worth, texas 76116 



 

8179663999 



 

mon - sat : 9:00 am - 5:00 pm 














notice to consumer trec


information about brokerage services






















© 2025 housejet.com 

















































































