







healthy teen network



















welcome to the 
healthy teen network (htn) 

website.  htn, 
      formerly the national organization on adolescent pregnancy, parenting and 
      prevention (noappp), is a national membership organization made up of 
      practitioners, policy makers, and state and local coalitions concerned 
      with adolescent pregnancy parenting and prevention. htn provides 
      information and education to inform practice and policy.  thank you 
      for visiting!
  





news









support pregnant and parenting teens affected by katrina
katrinaï¿½s impact is unimaginable and stories about survivors 
    without family contact or support or any resources abound. already an 
    extremely fragile group, 
affected 
pregnant and parenting teens have been left in a fearful and 
    tenuous position.
if you want to find out what you can do to help support this 
    population, please contact the 
maternal and child title 
    v block grants administrator in your area.  the following link will take 
    you to a list of administrators in each state:
    
    https://performance.hrsa.gov/mchb/mchreports/link/state_links.asp.
htn continues to seek ways to support katrina survivors and 
    especially youth.  we invite suggestions as to what we, as a national 
    membership organization, can do to help. 
please be reminded that the htn listserv can be used as a 
    communication tool among our members.  please email katie at
    
    katie@healthyteennetwork.org for more information.
  


 

     




healthy teen network news



     




register for healthy teen 
    network's 26th annual conference:


leading the charge: making a difference in 
    the lives of teens and young families
november 16-19, 2005
    chicago, il



click here to view the preliminary conference 
    brochure. 



htn 
    in glamour!
    grab your copy of the august issue of 
glamour magazine
(with nicole kidman on the cover) 
to read 
    pat paluzzi's quote on page 218 in the article, "the mysterious 
    disappearance of young pro-choice women," by susan dominus.  the article 
    explores modern young women and their views on reproductive health choices 
    and policies.
     

     






     









order now:


dr. douglas kirby's 
    keynote address at noappp's 25th annual conference:





"we've come a long way in 25 years - we keep doing the 
    impossible"
 
 


htn presents our 
        latest nutrition brochure



yes you can: eat well, look good and save money


a guide for pregnant and parenting teens








noappp has changed its 
    name!


the past year has been busy as we work even harder to be a premier membership organization for the field- we moved to a new, larger office; added new board members, staff, and programs; and participated in a major marketing campaign which prompted us to change our name to
    
 healthy teen network
in order to continue the growth of our organization.
 




htn policy statements 
    coming soon:




    emergency contraception (ec)
 
male sexual and reproductive 
    health and violence

lgbtq youth and sexual 
    reproductive health

a guide to using htn's policy 
    statements


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 






becoming a member   
    

membership benefits   
    

donations welcome

formerly the national 
    organization on adolescent pregnancy, parenting and prevention (noappp)


	this site is protected by letterdash.com, the cease and desist letter platform.
	
	if you violate any of our copyrights or trademarks, you will receive an
	official letter from our attorneys via letterdash.
	



509 
    second street, ne ï¿½ washington, d.c. 20002 ï¿½ (202) 547.8814 phone / (202) 
    547.8815 fax ï¿½ 

site inquiries, contact mark @ great agencies - marketplace for seo companies
	(888) 222-8311
	sunnvyvale, ca
support@greatagencies.com





