















artswork | herberger institute for design and the arts


















































      artswork
    


















home


research and initiatives


artswork







transformative, transdisciplinary, collaborative and socially engaged 
artswork: the kax herberger center for children and the arts, a program of the herberger institute for design and the arts, generates and advances transformative, transdisciplinary, collaborative and socially engaged arts and design programming, education and research. we join the resources of the university with those of the community. we support and enhance the lives of all young people by promoting equity, access, inclusivity and opportunity for youth including underrepresented communities and youth with special needs.
 

values


arts and design experiences develop core 21st-century competencies including creativity and collaboration.
arts and design education positively contributes to young people’s wellbeing, self-identity and empathy toward others.
arts and design education can be a vehicle for positive social transformation.
arts and design experiences manifest diverse cultural beliefs and values.
arts and design education supports the development of multiple literacies and competencies.
arts and design engagements provide opportunities for interdisciplinary, transdisciplinary and transcultural collaboration, programming and research.
arts and design experiences are best supported with highly qualified arts/design educators, credentialed facilitators and evidence-based practices.


history

artswork: the kax herberger center for children and the arts was created in 1996 with an endowment from katherine k. herberger. artswork received a million-dollar endowed gift from bank of america in 2007. these generous gifts provide artswork with resources to initiate and sustain numerous projects benefiting young people in the greater phoenix area.
 

board of directors


director: evan tobias (school of music, dance and theatre)
dean bacalzo (the design school)
andrea feller (asu art museum)
mary mcavoy (school of music, dance and theatre)
eugenia hernandez ruiz (school of music, dance and theatre)
sandra stauffer (at large member)
kimberlee swisher (school of arts, media and engineering)
stephani etheridge woodson (at large member)
bernard young (school of art)

 






















the herberger institute comprises asu fidm and asu fidm museum; the school of art; the school of arts, media and engineering; the design school; the sidney poitier new american film school; the school of music, dance and theatre; and the asu art museum.


































herberger institute for design and the arts

contact us

support asu






                  academics
                  




apply now
rankings
art degrees
arts, media and engineering degrees
design degrees
film degrees
music, dance and theatre degrees
minors and certificates
interdisciplinary studies








                  connect
                  




events
request information
take a tour
contact us
employment








                  impact
                  




news
invest in asu
research and initiatives








                  people
                  




faculty
inaccessible
alumni
leadership
donors












maps and locations
jobs
directory
contact asu
my asu















copyright and trademark
accessibility
privacy
terms of use
emergency










suggest an update to this page









