ï»¿


bullet proof automotive, bullet proof cars, vehicles, for sale, india





















about jeet & jeet glassprocessnews & mediasitemapcontact usblog

 call us on :+91 141 4121111


 armored glass bullet proof glassexplosion resistant glass armored vehicles  up armored vehicles medium armored vehicles mine resistant vehiclescash-in-transit vehiclesanti terrorist vehicles bullet proof podiums assets protection   armored guard postsarmored bunkers military shelters






products


ballistics standardresearch & developmentpartnership with defencewhy ustesting & quality assurance
our client




>









transparent armour for vehicles and buildings



discreet uparmoured vehicles for vips security
vehicles for troop movements and combat operations
 customised military shelters

security glass
vip protection
armoured vehicles
military shelters



 ballistic glass
about jeet & jeet glass and chemicals pvt. ltd
we are the first indian company to introduce anti-ballistic products way back in 1972. today we are a renowned and leading supplier of anti-ballistic products, and manufacturer of armor transparencies, up armoured vehicles, bulletproof automotives and other specialized anti-ballistic products for asset protection.
our high-end anti-ballistic products are manufactured in two state of the art industrial units under strict iso 9001, iso 14001 and iso 18001 compliances. our bulletproof vehicles constantly protect our leaders, strategic assets and military possessions worldwide, aiming for safer world to live in.  
we have received numerous endorsements from many governments for our outstanding products delivered. our products have been time tested by governments and international laboratories for their superior performances. our r&d center constantly develops lighter and safer bulletproof glass products, to make the world more secure. 
armored glass manufactured using state of the art machineries, jeet glass make lightest bulletproof glass as per internationally acceptable standards including en 1063, stanag 4579 and nij 0108.01 standards.but the is so full and so long and has this amazing luster and even after bleaching the knots full lace wigs looks natural and silky i am obsessed. after a great wash and detangle it was back to its original state. though the brazilian hair uk came bleached still bleached them and as expected with any hair there was shedding but that is no surprise. i will be ordering another soon. i comb the lace wigs out to get a really full look. i spray it down with a mixture of and a little glycerin to get a tighter curl. swiss lace frontal wig, bob hair style wig, full lace wigs, wavy.
armored vehicles jeet glass fabricates medium armored vehicles for use by security forces to enter terrorist affected areas. these vehicles meet various standards like nato stanag level i and ii and up to en 1063 b7. some readymade cars and automotives are ready for direct sales from our factory, for civilian use in india.
bullet proof lecterns and podiums
to safeguard ministers and vips from terrorist threats, jeet glass manufactures an array of bullet proof lecterns and podiums to protect them while delivering speeches or attending public rallies.
armored guard posts and bunkers
to safeguard the personnel manning a specific asset or building, we manufacture armoured guard post and shelters which can be deployable in couple of minutes.

military shelters
from emi shielded to deployable armoured shelters, jeet glass manufactures customised shelters to for use by defence forces in order keep them safe in hostile areas.

success storiessafety in strengthtm proved.........read morecase studiesfind out how we go the depth.......read more
our infrastructureknow our capabilities.......
read more





homeabout usprocessnews & mediacontact usjeet & jeet glass and chemicals pvt. ltd.p.o. box 214 jaipur-302001 tel: +91 141 4121111 | fax: +91 141 4121110 

for more information:
email: ask@jeetglass.in 
contact us on   
 

â© copyrights 2013. all rights reserved.

