 









monmouth truck | commercial & personal truck equipment & accessories






































































 



















745 shrewsbury ave, shrewsbury, nj 07702(732) 741-1199 



 










 




     

 







brands we carry
truck bodies
escnj
go to guire.com
contact us
 

brands we carry
truck bodies
escnj
go to guire.com
contact us
 
























welcome to monmouth truck hose & hydraulics 
							work or play.
your truck, your way. 
							unbeatable selection of equipment and accessories for your commercial or utility vehicles, recreational trucks, suvs, vans and cars – including on-site, expert installation. whatever you need, we've got it. we're always expanding our offerings to maximize customer satisfaction. 
							get directions 
							call us 
							 


















storage of resourcespellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus pellentesque neolitics 







technology industrypellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus pellentesque neolitics 









		get your quote and start today	
pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus pellentesque neolitics





get your quote 











 



commercial vehicles 



we carry service/utility, dump and rack/grain bodies that can be combined with snow and ice removal equipment – including plows and spreaders – and a wide range of other vehicle accessories. 







 



recreational vehicles 



when it comes to equipment and accessories for your truck, car, van or sport utility vehicle, we’ve got you covered. whether it’s upfitting your truck or customizing your vehicle, monmouth truck hose & hydraulics can make it happen. 









		get a free quote	
contact our team of experts by filling out the form below. someone will be in touch shortly to help.





please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *email *phonesubmit  











what we do 















 



hose & hydraulics 







 



vehicle accessories 







 



commercial equipment 







 



winter equipment 







 



services 

















 








hose & hydraulics 












hose fabrication
cylinder & pump repair
component fabrication
 






get directions


















 








vehicle accessories 












wheels & tires
trailer accessories
spray liners
lift kits & leveling kits
accessory lighting
tonneau covers
and much more
 






get directions


















 








commercial vehicle equipment 












service bodies
dump bodies
stake bodies
lift gates & cranes
emergency lighting
van equipment
 






get directions


















 








winter equipment 












snow plows
salt spreaders
 






get directions


















 








services 












vehicle accessory installation
tire & wheel installation
spray lining & undercoating
upfitting commercial equipment
custom vehicle builds
welding & fabrication
hydraulics
hoses
 






get directions










 













96+brands carried 







3john guire locations 







5star rated 











monmouth truck & guire – a perfect fit 
















 



















introducing guire bed liners 
















 























our google reviews 















 






































view all of our brands 











about monmouth truck hose & hydraulics 















work or play. your truck, your way. 



monmouth truck hose & hydraulics is dedicated to providing our customers with the most complete sales and service experience in new jersey. our product lines are the best in the industry. our goal is to offer our customers complete satisfaction and the confidence they can count on. from fleet accounts, municipalities and utilities, to the general public, commitment to service is second to none! monmouth truck hose & hydraulics offers a full line of components that are limited only by budget and imagination. we carry service/utility bodies, dump bodies and rack/grain bodies that can be combined with a large selection of snow and ice removal equipment including snow plows, spreaders and a wide range of other vehicle accessories. our many years of experience include some of the largest utility, municipality, commercial fleet and governmental agencies from maine to virginia. remember, when it comes to equipment and accessories for your commercial or utility vehicles, recreational trucks, suvs, vans and cars, “we’ve got you covered!” 







 















 















how can we help you? 











please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *email *phonequestion/commentsubmit  








 




contact our experts for the products you need. we’re here to help. 
























 monmouth truck
hose & hydraulics
shrewsbury


745 shrewsbury aveshrewsbury, nj 07702



monday-friday: 7:00am-4:00pmsaturday: closedsunday: closed



p: 732-741-1199e: montrucksales@johnguireco.com
 



 
john guire supply
long branch



187 brighton avelong branch, nj 07740



monday-friday: 7:00am-4:00pmsaturday: 7:00am-12:00pmsunday: closed



p: 732-222-0613e: sales@johnguireco.com w: guire.com
 




john guire supply
	waretown

549 rt. 9waretown, nj 08758



monday-friday: 7:00am-4:00pmsaturday: 7:00am-12:00pmsunday: closed



p: 609-693-3000e: waretownsales@johnguireco.com
w: guire.com
 













© copyright john guire company. all rights reserved. website by eighty6.






















we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept










 















































































































