



	mareia









































extended menu
homeabout uscalendar of eventsjoin mareiajoinmember benefitsjoin email listterms & conditionsbusiness associatestrade show vendorscurrent 2024 trade show vendors2025 trade show vendor registrationreal estate trainingexpress successmareia wholesaling training programmareia storehome study coursesother resourcesthe mareia newsletterreal estate glossarymembers onlyblogfinancial calculatorstestimonialsproperty listproperty list (all)property list (single family)property list (multi family)my accountmy dashboardmy websiteedit websitemy propertiesbuyer leadsseller leadsspecial report leadsproperties rss feedfaq (website)my downloadsmembers directoryhow to videospremium featuresrepair estimatestraining videosseller net sheetco-marketingmore infomy profileedit profileevents attendedaccount historysign inuser faq view cartsign in






 2/18/2025: express success members web class: how to talk to sellers about seller financing




register


sign in


my dashboard


contact us









              







mareia menu
                            


homeabout uscalendar of eventsjoin mareiajoinmember benefitsjoin email listterms & conditionsbusiness associatestrade show vendorscurrent 2024 trade show vendors2025 trade show vendor registrationreal estate trainingexpress successmareia wholesaling training programmareia storehome study coursesother resourcesthe mareia newsletterreal estate glossarymembers onlyblogfinancial calculatorstestimonialsproperty listproperty list (all)property list (single family)property list (multi family)my accountmy dashboardmy websiteedit websitemy propertiesbuyer leadsseller leadsspecial report leadsproperties rss feedfaq (website)my downloadsmembers directoryhow to videospremium featuresrepair estimatestraining videosseller net sheetco-marketingmore infomy profileedit profileevents attendedaccount historysign in view cart view morecontact us


















today's events


upcoming events


calendar of events






february 18express success members web class: "what you don’t know about property insurance that’s hurting you"w/ vena jones-coxonline
don’t be one of the many investors every year who has a loss, and gets surprised that their property insurance doesn’t cover what they thought it did. learn the common “gotchas” that most real estate investors don’t discover until it’s too late.


february 19shared housing focus groupw/ jacki channeronline
for investors who want to make money doing good by providing housing for at-risk populationsg. register here 


february 22online masterclass:"the roadmap to true passive income"w/ marc halpernonline
is your real estate goal true passive income with financial and time freedom? learn how to transition from active investing (flips, brrrr, rentals) to passive investments (syndications) as quickly as possible. register here 

welcome to mareiathe md/dc/va/pa real estate investing community!
  you need a community of like-minded investors more than ever...
and mareia is ready to welcome you to our community!
it's an interesting time to be a real estate investor...lots of challenges to deal with and lots of opportunities to grab.  our members have...well, hundreds, if not thousands of years of combined experience in 'good' markets and 'bad', and we're working day and night to make sure you get the information you need to survive and thrive in the current crazy climate...  plus, we know how much you value networking with like-minded people, so...
mareia's main meetings on the 2nd thursday of the month are now in person. our amazing members-only topical focus groups continue online. if you're a member, you'll get links and passwords to all of our focus group meetings, regular meetings, and special meetings via email, so make sure we have the best way to reach you.
if you're not a member, become one! click here for our money-back guaranteed membership options. 
wherever you are in the world or in your career, you have a place in mareia!

join our mareia whatsapp chat communityscan or click the qr code



mareia newsletter  february 2025read the featured article  "you are not alone, you're part of a community" by rebecca mclean click here to read.


mareia testimonial
you've heard the best advertising is by "word of mouth". watch the testimonial of one of mareia's re investors, michelle, as she describes the value and impact of a recent mareia live in-person meeting.









free book download click here"how to get wealthy in baltimore/dc real estate"whether you want quick cash from flipping houses or long-term income from buying and renting them, real estate in baltimore or washington, dc is a great investment – but it’s not as simple as the late-night gurus would have you think. this free 70 page book shows exactly what the opportunities are and what you’ll need to do to grab them – and the answer is not to spend thousands on courses and bootcamps!

mareia: a community just for you!
we're more than just a "real estate investors association":  we're a community of real estate entrepreneurs, for real estate entrepreneurs
    mid-atlantic real estate investors association is the baltimore area's most exciting community of real estate investors, landlords, wholesalers, retailers, creative buyers, lease/option aficionados and more.       our community is open to new and experienced wealth builders who value:

the immense local, in-the-trenches knowledge and experience contained within our community
both introductory and in-depth training on a variety of potential strategies 
education about tactics and ethics, hows and whys, benefits and risks
sharing resources from knowledge to referrals with fellow members
the support and confidence that a group of like-minded, prosperity-focused can give you in starting or growing your real estate business       yes, mareia gives you tons of money-making, locally-based education about how to make more money in real estate investing. but what's really valuable is the sense of community you get with other baltimore/dc-area rental housing providers, wholesalers, retailers, note investors, and the people who provide services to them.

     got questions about neighborhoods? need contractor recommendations? have a deal to sell, or need to buy one? need to learn to do your first deal, or to build your little real estate business into a big one? or just want to hang with awesome people who believe as strongly as you do that real estate investing is an awesome business?       our main meetings are currently free and open to the public. our many focus/discussion groups are free to members only. click here to find out about our membership benefits
join us and see...mareia is a community you can't do without!










vendor spotlight










today's events
express success members web class: how to talk to sellers about seller financingfeb18online express success members only tuesday, february 18, 2025 time: 7:30 pm - 9:00 pmback to top



upcoming events
shared housing focus groupfeb19for investors who want to make money doing good by providing housing for at-risk populations wednesday, february 19, 2025 time: 6:30 pmmareia wholesaling training program members coaching callfeb20monthly zoom calls are available only to members of mareia's wholesaling training program thursday, february 20, 2025 time: 7:00 pmthe roadmap to true passive incomefeb22is your real estate goal true passive income with financial and time freedom? learn how to transition from active investing (flips, brrrr, rentals) to passive investments (syndications) as quickly as possible. saturday, february 22, 2025 time: 9:00 amthe deal xchange and haves & wantsfeb24join us and find out what other mareia members have (in terms of deals, money, buying ability, knowledge) and what they want, so that you can build relationships with them. monday, february 24, 2025 time: 6:30 pmthe mareia toolboxfeb25each month, you'll learn about a different topic related to real estate investing, presented by an expert in that field or niche. tuesday, february 25, 2025 time: 6:30 pm**canceled** connected investors support groupfeb25we believe in partnering with the best! tuesday, february 25, 2025 time: 7:00 pmhousing provider focus groupmar4come meet with your fellow investors and talk about the ups and downs of the rental business. tuesday, march 4, 2025 time: 6:30 pmcash flow 101 game nightmar6one of the best ways to learn the rules of real estate investing... and investing in general... is by playing the cashflow 101 board game.  join us for an evening of fun, strategy and networking thursday, march 6, 2025 time: 6:30 pmhow to find, hire, and manage contractorsmar8the hardest part of flips is finding the right contractors—and keeping them on time, on budget, and paid properly. learn the process and avoid pitfalls from an investor with over 40 years of rehabbing experience. saturday, march 8, 2025 time: 9:00 amwings - women investors network and group supportmar10this group is open to women from all backgrounds! this is a focus group for women only. during the meetings we will talk about current deals you are working on and discuss the challenges and successes you are having. monday, march 10, 2025 time: 6:30 pmmareia main monthly meeting: how to invest in baltimore real estatemar13join us for a panel discussion with representatives from several baltimore city agencies, including the department of housing and community development, on how to invest in real estate in baltimore. thursday, march 13, 2025 time: 5:00 pmexpress success members web class: what you don’t know about property insurance that’s hurting youmar18online express success members only tuesday, march 18, 2025 time: 7:30 pmshared housing focus groupmar19for investors who want to make money doing good by providing housing for at-risk populations wednesday, march 19, 2025 time: 6:30 pm
back to top




business associates


 

  
  

industry partners
















this website uses cookies

                                this website uses cookies to improve user experience. by using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our cookie policy.
                                




ok, i got it!

view cookies and privacy policy








contact us

mid-atlantic real estate investors association


(443) 738-3600

919 w. 34th st., #4828

baltimore,
                                    md
21211


follow us



proud chapter of national reia




newsletter
stay updated with mid-atlantic real estate investors association.






                                                    processing... (please wait while we process your request.)
                                                
		














privacy and security policies

                            your email will never be shared or sold to other members, vendors or any other third party without your consent.
privacy policy
                              -  
                            security policy


disclaimer

www.mareia.com
                             (mid-atlantic real estate investors association) does not give legal, tax, economic, or investment advice.
                            mareia
                            disclaims all liability for the action or inaction taken or not taken as a result of 
                            communications from or to its members, officers, directors, employees and contractors. 
                            each person should consult their own counsel, accountant and other advisors as to legal, 
                            tax, economic, investment, and related matters concerning real estate and other investments.
                              





                                copyright 2025 ©
                                mid-atlantic real estate investors association
                                 all rights reserved.
                            



                                this
                                reia
                                website is powered by: 
                                real estate promo.
                            























