


















uss charles h. roan - home

















official site of the uss charles h. roan (dd-853) association






uss charles h. roan (dd-853) association
honoring the jolly cholly and her crew











homeabout our associationhistorycharles h. roanour shipship's crestscommanding officersrussian encounterall fleet troubleshooterstwentieth anniversarylinks of interestmemorabiliadownloadsnewslettersphoto galleryreunionsreunion 2020reunion 2018reunion 2012reunion 2008reunion 2004ship's rostership's storemembership formcontact ussite map


announcements

                		we hope you enjoy your visit to our site.our association is celebrating  years!











reunion planned in 2024!we are planning a reunion in 2024 in warwick, ri.we're very excited about getting together again for another reunion. we look forward to seeing you. please plan to attend if you are able.uss charles h. roan association




welcome to the official web site of the uss charles h. roan association. this site is dedicated to the memory of the uss charles h. roan (dd-853) and the men and officers who served aboard her. the destroyer, uss charles h. roan (dd-853), and her crew proudly served the united states navy for 28 years. please explore our site, and learn more about the uss charles h. roan (dd-853), the ship affectionately known by her crew as "the jolly cholly."



dd-853 was named in honor of pfc. charles h. roan, usmcr. please click here to learn more about charles howard roan, and the ship that was named in his honor.our association was founded in 1990 to honor and remember the "jolly cholly" and her crew. our association is open to all former shipmates, and best of all, it costs absolutely nothing to join - it's free! you can use our membership form to join.if you're looking for an old shipmate, please visit our ship's roster where you can search by name, or years served.read past issues of our newsletter, the jolly cholly, where you will find interesting stories about our ship and the men who served aboard the roan.we hope you enjoy your visit to our site. please don't hesitate to contact us if you have any questions or would like to contribute photos or stories about the jolly cholly.fair winds and following seas, shipmates




our spring 2019 issue of the jolly cholly is now available  if you have not received yours, or you would like to receive a copy, please contact our jolly cholly editor, ron lucchesi, at editor@usscharleshroan.org.  all of our newsletters are available on our website.  please visit our newsletters page.
new! roan medallion we have a beautiful medallion featuring the ship's crest on one side, and the ship's profile on the other side.  the medallion is approx. 2'' in diameter and includes a protective case.you can purchase this medallion in our ship's store for only $20.  don't wait.  we have limited quantities available.




check us out over on facebook.  there's a lot of lively conversation about the jolly cholly.  it's a great place to catch up with fellow shipmates.visit us on facebookimportant note about our site:  for the best experience you should always use the most current browser. if you encounter any issues, please contact us.



				© 1999 - uss charles h. roan association 
				





made in rapidweaver



