







austin film festival - home - austin film festival













































































































top skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footeroct. 23  - 30, 2025

menuabout closeabout close

austin film festival furthers the art and craft of storytelling by inspiring and championing the work of writers, filmmakers, and all artists who use written and visual language to tell a story.

in addition to an 8 day film festival and 4 day conference, we offer year round events, a young filmmakers program, a tv show,  radio show, podcast and more!

austin film festival is really about creativity, about trying to help people find their voice. and it’s fun.”
- ron howard, 2009 extraordinary contribution to filmmaking award recipient closestaff close

the folks [at aff] share our passion…which is, of course, why they are so damn adept at crafting a conference that manages to satisfy the needs and desires of all of us attending.”
-scott rosenberg, screenwriter
get to know the faces and stories of the people who run the show for the austin film festival!

want to work with us? we're always looking for folks to join our team whether it's through volunteering or interning or working with us on staff.  check out our current opportunities below. check out our job opportunities!intern with us!or volunteer! closeboardfaqsget involved closemembershipexclusive screenings, script readings, conversations in film, parties and more! become an aff memberdonatenot only is your donation tax deductible, but your support helps us to further the art and craft of filmmaking in our state.donateinternwe're always looking for interns to join our team and be an integral part of pulling off our incredible programs!internvolunteervolunteers are a huge part of what we do at aff. plus, we have a ton of fun!volunteer closesponsors and partnerstestimonialsaccessibilitycontact closenewslettersubscribe to our newsletter to stay in touch!sign up!pressfeel free to contact us with any press inquiries. press inquiries close closewhat we do closeon story closewatchthe weekly, 30-minute television series features interviews with today’s leading creators, writers and filmmakers. listenthe one-hour radio program & our podcast both feature the creative minds behind true detective, the graduate & more. read praised as recommended reading by film and media studies professors and filmmakers alike, the book offers introspections and recollections on the creative process. closefilm festivalconferencecompetitionsyoung filmmakers program closeaff’s young filmmakers program introduces the arts of screenwriting and filmmaking to young people, ages 9-18, and provides them with venues for developing their storytelling talents.

here are a few of our programs:camps & classescheck out our workshops that help kids and young adults create their very own fabulous short films!summer camps and classesdigital storytellingour program works with schools to improve communication skills through film.digital storytellingfestival scholarshipsaustin film festival’s young filmmakers scholarship program grants access to over 450 scholarships for students and teachers in middle and high school.festival and conference scholarshipyoung filmmakers competition austin film festival’s annual young filmmakers competition is free for young filmmakers ages 13-18. at the young filmmakers showcase, selected animated, documentary, and narrative short films from all around the world will play in front of austin film festival's audience!young filmmakers competition closestudent opportunitiesuplifting storytellers initiativesix squareyear-round events closecalendar of eventswhether it's a networking event, workshop, conversation in film, or screening we've always got something coming up!calendar of events closeparties close8 days of partieswe offer a variety of parties beyond film screenings with opportunities for networking or just having fun. we’re party people!learn more!film & foodamazing food! amazing drinks! amazing night!  our film & food fundraising gala benefits our young filmmakers program.film & food closemembership program closebuy closewhat should i buy?badges and film passes closefilm passfilm & food fundraiser ticketgroup conference badgesgroup producers badgespair of film passesconference badgelone star badgeproducers badgestudent conference badgeweekend badge closesummer film camp closeclaymation creationsfilmmaking 101 classfull day combo campfull day script to screen closeupcoming events closepartiescalendar of eventsyear-round opportunities to attend conversations with industry pros, advance screenings, special retrospectives, filmmaker q&as, and parties. closemembershippartner with us closesponsorshipaustin film festival welcomes new ideas and would love to work with any organization that shares interest in the arts and entertainment industry!donateaustin film festival is a 501-3 organization. your donation is tax-deductible to the extent allowed by the law. aff has also made great strides promoting film production in texas. your support helps us to further the art and craft of filmmaking in our state. closeshop more! closeadd-onsattend our awards luncheon, pitch in our pitch competition & party at our film & food fundraising gala!merchandiseshirts! posters! books & more! shop our incredible merchandise now! closeaff policies closefestival & conference closeregister now close
aff offers a badge and pass options for everyone! look through our different options, and find which badge is the perfect fit for you!  closefilm festival closeaustin film festival showcases an outstanding program of narrative, animation and documentary features and shorts, including premieres, advanced screenings, and independent films.

2024 film schedulebuy now!past films closeconference close
my best experience ever at a film festival was in austin.  so many festivals are flash over substance, a who’s who of movie stars.  here, the creators are the stars. and rightly so. so if you want to write, direct or produce motion pictures and get paid for it, attend this festival.” – david mckenna (blow, american history x)the conferenceour conference is a one-of-a-kind event. about the conferenceconference trackspanelistswe're pleased to bring the industry's best to austin for you!2024 panelists2024 conference schedule closeparties closefilm & foodthe annual benefit for austin film festival’s young filmmakers program closetravel and lodging closeaustin film festival offers all badge holders discounted rates at our hotel partners.  closefaqsawards and winners closefestival awardscheck out all our award categories! from jury awards to audience awards, aff hands out over 40 awards each year!  closetestimonials closeread what others are saying about austin film festival.  closecode of conductrequest press accreditation closecompetitions closescript competitions closescript competitionsaff’s script competitions identify emerging, new writers of unparalleled talent each year. with a reputation as the premiere script competition in the world, aff is trusted by studios, agents, and executives all across the industry to identify the storytellers of tomorrow. to put it simply, aff values a great story above all else. aff coverage programno matter the need you have to finish your script, aff has you covered! closefilm competitions closefilm competitionaustin film festival’s film competitions honors the finest films from the most visionary, independent filmmakers each year. a program that has seen annual, exponential growth, aff’s film competition recognizes films across all genres which tell the most authentic and innovative stories. closedigital series competitions closedigital series competitionsthis competition accepts both filmed and written submissions in an effort to find talented voices who can adapt their vision to emerging digital platforms.  aff will select one winner who displays the strongest voice and greatest potential for establishing a digital series. closeyoung filmmakers competition closeyfp competitionat aff, we love being able to further the art and craft of storytelling in the next generation! the young filmmakers competition is a free film competition is open to young creatives ages 13-18. close closenews & events closecalendar of eventswe have events all year-round!
whether it's an advance screening, a conversations with a filmmaker, or a screening from one of our series of film programs, we are thrilled to offer incredible year-round programming!

view calendar now!buy tickets for eventsannouncementsaustin film festival & writers conference to receive $30,000 grant from the national endowment for the artsaff 2025 holiday guide31st annual austin film festival full schedule announcementview all aff blogupcoming eventspress releasesread our press releases and find out what we're up to! closememberships / donationscart




austin film festival october 23 – 30, 2025
2025 script and film competitions are now open!


 submit a script submit a film






 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 






get involved



get badges & film passes    


membership / donations    


internship opportunities    


get inspired with on story    


uplifting storytellers initiative   


buy summer camp!    


student opportunities    


careers    




who are you?



i'm a filmmaker    


i'm a screenwriter    


i'm a podcaster    


i'm a playwright    


i'm a game writer    



your mom’s house comedy fellowshipaustin film festival (aff) and ymh studios, producers of the your mom’s house podcast, are excited to announce the return of the ymh studios comedy fellowship. we are on the hunt for the most clever,...  read moreread more2025 big indie narrative feature award/fellowship & screenwriting fellowshipannouncing the return of big indie pictures to aff’s script and film competitions! to continue our mission to uplift storytellers, we are thrilled to welcome back big indie pictures as the official sponsor of aff...  read moreread moreaustin film festival & writers conference to receive $30,000 grant from the national endowment for the artsaustin film festival & writers conference to receive $30,000 grant from the national endowment for the arts austin, texas (january 14, 2025) — austin film festival (aff) is pleased to announce it has been approved…  read more
read moreannouncing aff’s career accelerator packagecareer accelerator package open now exclusively to producers badgeholders introducing you to aff’s career accelerator package, open only to producers badgeholders. this opportunity grants you exclusive access to our famous pitch competition*, invaluable personal feedback...  read moreread more


footersearch site...
sign up for our newsletter
emailfirst name
sorry. you must have javascript enabled to fill out this form.


 ©2025 austin film festival • austin film festival is a not for profit 501(c)(3) corporation. site by:beibay• custom icons & base colors by mosak.sponsors.privacy policy.store & refund policy.aff policies.contact.sitemap.on story
badges and film passes infofilm & foodsummer camps and classesshop more!
select a category
donate
festival and conference
   badges and film passes
      badges
      film passes
   conference
   festival
   festival parties & events
membership
merchandise
   apparel
      hat
      jackets
      shirts
      socks
      sweatshirt
   bags
   blanket
   books & dvds
   dvd
   holiday bundles
   other
   posters
parties
sponsorship
tickets
travel & lodging
uncategorized
year-round events
young filmmakers program
   summer camp
      virtual film camp

submit-filmscreenplay and teleplay submissionssubmit digital series-producedsubmit digital series-scriptnewsyour mom’s house comedy fellowship2025 big indie narrative feature award/fellowship & screenwriting fellowshipaustin film festival & writers conference to receive $30,000 grant from the national endowment for the arts









privacy preferences
i agree









 

privacy preference center




options




consent management
cookie settings

google analytics 



privacy policy





consent management


we value your privacy and want to be clear about the data we collect, how we use it and your rights to control that information. considering recent changes established by the general data protection regulation (gdpr), a set of laws passed in the european union, we have updated our privacy policy. 

we will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. we may use your personal information to send you promotional information which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.


privacy policy
required



you read and agreed to our privacy policy.






google analytics


like many services, google analytics uses first-party cookies to track visitor interactions as in our case, where they are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. we then use the information to compile reports and to help us improve our site.
cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. these cookies are used to store information, such as the time that the current visit occurred, whether the visitor has been to the site before and what site referred the visitor to the web page.
overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
google analytics collects information anonymously. it reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. 


cookies used



on
off



the only cookies in use on our site are for google analytics. google analytics is a web analytics tool that helps website owners understand how visitors engage with their website. google analytics customers can view a variety of reports about how visitors interact with their website so that they can improve it. you can opt out of being tracked by google analytics by visiting their page.




https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
opt out


google analytics

























ok


























































