department of mathematics - department of mathematics - university at buffaloskip to content ub alertemergency information (17-feb-25 10:15 am) ub alert: power outage reported at ellicott complex, greiner, governors, cooke & dorsheimer. crews are working to restore power.   (ub) college of arts and sciences  university at buffalo (ub) college of arts and sciences  department of mathematics   contact  toggle navigation menu    2/24/22 about      8/30/23 people      9/15/23 research      4/23/24 undergraduate      10/10/23 graduate      10/22/24 courses      2/3/25 news & events      2/24/22 about      8/30/23 people      9/15/23 research      4/23/24 undergraduate      10/10/23 graduate      10/22/24 courses      2/3/25 news & events   search    info for    info for   current students  future undergraduate students  future graduate students  faculty and staff  alumni  diversity, equity, and inclusive excellence resources  contact dedicated teaching8/30/23our faculty-student ratio is high compared to many universities. we teach students to develop skill-sets in computation, analysis, research, communication, practical problem solving, and mathematical modeling.new: ms program in computational and applied mathematics12/4/23the demand for a professional labor force skilled in data analysis and statistical methods, alongside scientific computation and other applied mathematics techniques, and has grown tremendously over the last decade, and all indications are that such growth will further accelerate in the near future.algebra, analysis, calculus, applied mathematics, geometry, topology and more4/26/22mathematics is a broad discipline with many diverse applications in physical sciences, life sciences, and engineering as well as social and managerial sciences. the department of mathematics provides a variety of concentrations leading to baccalaureate, masters, and phd degrees.active intellectual life4/26/22the department of mathematics is proud of its excellent teaching and active research programs. several of our faculty members are recipients of the suny chancellor's award for excellence in teaching. a strong tradition of mentorship attracts the most promising individuals and supports their development.   9/15/23 faculty research   faculty research4/25/22each year  about one-third of our faculty hold external research grants from agencies such as the u.s. department of defense, the national security agency, and the national science foundation. faculty research enhances our intellectual and technological environment to support exceptionally creative science and education.previous next apply to one of our undergraduate programs  apply to one of our graduate programs spring 2025 events-math seminarsjoin us for seminar and events:thu, feb 27colloquiumandrew hirsch, department of computer science and engineering, ub  the monadic semantics of effects or making the intensional extensional  4:00pm, mathematics building room 250 programs act like mathematical functions. however, unlike mathematical functions, programs can also have impacts on the real world. this leads to a rejection of extensionality---i.e., the idea that two programs are equal if they always produce equal outputs given equal inputs. instead, we must also pay attention to how they produce those outputs. this intensionality, however, makes it very difficult to reason about programs. one common trick, described in this talk, is to use ideas from category theory to capture the real-world impacts on programs in their output, allowing us to reason about programs as if they were mathematical functions. fri, feb 28geometry and topology seminarali guo (george washington university) 4:00pm, 122 mathematics building mon, mar 3algebra seminarian thompson, university of copenhagen noncommutative convex structures  4:00pm, mathematics building room 250the study of compact convex sets (in locally convex topological vector spaces) has a long history that has had deep connections with the foundations of functional analysis. for the purposes of operator theory, however, it is often necessary to consider new interpretations of convexity theory. the primary purpose of this talk is to discuss a new-found framework for noncommutative convex analysis, as well as showcase its applications to other disciplines.  fri, apr 4applied math seminarchunmei wang, university of florida tbd 3:00pm, math 250tbd fri, apr 18applied math seminarabner salgado (university of tennessee, knoxville) tbd 3:00pm, math 250tbd fri, apr 25applied math seminarsathyanarayanan chandramouli (university of massachusetts amherst) tbd 3:00pm, math 250tbdrelated calendars   ub academic calendar      ub events calendar    ub mathematics events>  faculty spotlight previous   next badzioch wins suny chancellor’s award for excellence in teaching10/2/24bernard badzioch has won the 2024 suny chancellor’s award for excellence in teaching. the award will be presented october 24, 2024 at ub's celebration of academic excellence.  badzioch is recognized for consistently demonstrating superior teaching at the undergraduate and graduate level. as an innovative educator, students remark that badzioch has the “rare skill, particularly amongst mathematicians,” to understand even their most incomprehensible questions and answer in a way that makes them feel good for having asked it. read ubnow.barbara prinari, co-founder and deputy editor, cambridge journal of nonlinear waves9/9/24the ub department of mathematics is pleased to announce that professor barbara prinari is co-founder and deputy editor of cambridge core's journal of nonlinear waves. prinari's research adds scope and depth to the journal's editorial board. problems addressed by prinari include the development of the inverse scattering transform (ist) as a tool to solve the initial-value problem for scalar, vector and matrix continuous and discrete nonlinear schrodinger (nls) equations with both vanishing and nonvanishing boundary conditions at infinity; solitons and rogue wave solutions; vector soliton interactions, etc.  hanfeng li named ub distinguished professor11/3/20hanfeng li has been named ub distinguished professor. his primary research interest is noncommutative geometry and dynamical systems, particularly connections between operator algebras and dynamical systems. a 2020 fellow of the american mathematical society (ams), his recent work concentrates on actions of countable sofic groups and algebraic actions of general countable (amenable) groups. the power of stochastic differential equations5/8/24a new algorithm developed by naoki masuda, with co-athors kazuyuki aihara and neil g. maclaren, can identify the most predictive data points that a tipping point is near. published in nature communications, this theoretical framework uses the power of stochastic differential equations to observe the fluctuation of data points, or nodes, and then determine which should be used to calculate an early warning signal. the algorithm is unique in that it fully incorporates network science into the process.pnas publishes collaborative research that sheds light on steep ocean wave dynamics11/3/20in a new collaborative study published in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences (pnas), a team of researchers from the university of washington, suny at buffalo and the university of new mexico have unveiled the dominant mechanism behind wave-breaking of tall oceanic waves. the research team includes prof. bernard deconinck (uw), prof. sergey dyachenko (ub), prof. pavel lushnikov (unm) and dr. anastassiya semenova (uw).  see all  your math tutor is hereub math help centerfree and open to students our students take advantage of free, in-person sessions  for math tutoring, advice, and resources to help them succeed in courses for mth 121, 122, 131, 141, 142, 241, 306, 309, and more.  learn more.our students previous   next linda alegria, ub math graduate student, wins excellence in teaching award4/25/22the department of mathematics is pleased to announce that linda alegria has been awarded the university at buffalo's 2022 excellence in teaching award for graduate student teaching assistants. the award was presented at a luncheon in april, with satish tripathi, ub president, and robin schulze, cas dean, in attendance.yanyan li presents research poster at suny conference and at ub's celebration of academic excellence1/8/25congratulations to ub mathematics major yanyan li on being selected to present a research poster at two major events showcasing ub's undergraduate research excellence. yanyan is studying gene co-expression networks under the guidance of her faculty mentor, dr. naoki masuda. specifically, she is deploying mathematical and computational methods for searching anomalous genes in networks of co-expression across different human organs, and how such genes may have evolutionary implications. yanyan is one of the four awardees to present research at the suny undergraduate research conference, held at buffalo state college on april 23.  yanyan will also present her work at ub's 18th annual celebration of student academic excellence. all are welcome to attend.destiny diaz wins nsf graduate research fellowship award11/19/24the university at buffalo department of mathematics is pleased to announce that destiny diaz has won the national science foundation’s graduate research fellowship award. the prestigious award is one of the most competitive and respected scientific fellowships in the u.s.  diaz is completing a bs in mathematics with a minor in spanish. diaz received 2019 suny chancellor’s award for student excellence. a buffalo native, she is a member of the university honors college and a prosperity fellow. the nsf graduate research fellowship will support her pursuit of graduate study in biostatistics at ub. the award provides three years of financial support within a five-year fellowship period, which amounts to a $34,000 annual stipend and $12,000 cost-of-education allowance to the graduate institution.yanyan li presents research poster at suny conference and at ub's celebration of academic excellence1/8/25congratulations to ub mathematics major yanyan li on being selected to present a research poster at two major events showcasing ub's undergraduate research excellence. yanyan is studying gene co-expression networks under the guidance of her faculty mentor, dr. naoki masuda. specifically, she is deploying mathematical and computational methods for searching anomalous genes in networks of co-expression across different human organs, and how such genes may have evolutionary implications. yanyan is one of the four awardees to present research at the suny undergraduate research conference, held at buffalo state college on april 23.  yanyan will also present her work at ub's 18th annual celebration of student academic excellence. all are welcome to attend.  see all  our alumni previous   next "my experience has been that machine learning is largely viewed as magic and even engineers often have a skewed perspective of what it can accomplish."11/22/17andrew leach, machine learning deployment engineer, google"it was one of the first stepping stones for me. it opened everything up.”11/21/17max bileschi, ba, bcs, ma ub mathematics and computer science "i enjoyed dr. cusick's cryptography course and all of my algebra and number theory courses...those mathematical areas became my goal and led me to working at the national security agency."2/29/16alyssa thompson, phd, 2012 ub mathematics“linguistics is math with words," states natasha sanford, "i like analyzing languages and there are so many computer applications that go with it.” sanford earned a bs in 2015, with a major in mathematics and computer science, and a minor in linguistics.  8/4/17“i find it always interesting to think about how my current work might extend to the unknown. that is very exciting to me, and it drives me further.”3/12/16geoffrey fatin double major in physics and mathematicsfall 2023: catherine burzik, chair of the orthofix board of directors, has been appointed interim chief executive officer, orthofix medical inc. (nasdaq: ofix).6/17/24catherine burzik, ma '74 ub mathematics   learn more  ub office of equity, diversity, and inclusive excellencerealizing full potentialub is committed to achieving inclusive excellence in a deliberate, intentional and coordinated fashion, embedding it in every aspect of our operations. we aspire to foster a healthy, productive, ethical, fair, and affirming campus community to allow all students, faculty and staff to thrive and realize their full potential.    promoting equal employment opportunity and diversity      ub inclusive excellence resources      ub intercultural & diversity center      trainings and toolkits      external resources    ub math spotlight barbara prinari, co-founder and deputy editor, cambridge journal of nonlinear waves9/9/24the ub department of mathematics is pleased to announce that professor barbara prinari is co-founder and deputy editor of cambridge core's journal of nonlinear waves. prinari's research adds scope and depth to the journal's editorial board. problems addressed by prinari include the development of the inverse scattering transform (ist) as a tool to solve the initial-value problem for scalar, vector and matrix continuous and discrete nonlinear schrodinger (nls) equations with both vanishing and nonvanishing boundary conditions at infinity; solitons and rogue wave solutions; vector soliton interactions, etc.  hanfeng li named ub distinguished professor11/3/20hanfeng li has been named ub distinguished professor. his primary research interest is noncommutative geometry and dynamical systems, particularly connections between operator algebras and dynamical systems. a 2020 fellow of the american mathematical society (ams), his recent work concentrates on actions of countable sofic groups and algebraic actions of general countable (amenable) groups. badzioch wins suny chancellor’s award for excellence in teaching10/2/24bernard badzioch has won the 2024 suny chancellor’s award for excellence in teaching. the award will be presented october 24, 2024 at ub's celebration of academic excellence.  badzioch is recognized for consistently demonstrating superior teaching at the undergraduate and graduate level. as an innovative educator, students remark that badzioch has the “rare skill, particularly amongst mathematicians,” to understand even their most incomprehensible questions and answer in a way that makes them feel good for having asked it. read ubnow.the power of stochastic differential equations5/8/24a new algorithm developed by naoki masuda, with co-athors kazuyuki aihara and neil g. maclaren, can identify the most predictive data points that a tipping point is near. published in nature communications, this theoretical framework uses the power of stochastic differential equations to observe the fluctuation of data points, or nodes, and then determine which should be used to calculate an early warning signal. the algorithm is unique in that it fully incorporates network science into the process.pnas publishes collaborative research that sheds light on steep ocean wave dynamics11/3/20in a new collaborative study published in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences (pnas), a team of researchers from the university of washington, suny at buffalo and the university of new mexico have unveiled the dominant mechanism behind wave-breaking of tall oceanic waves. the research team includes prof. bernard deconinck (uw), prof. sergey dyachenko (ub), prof. pavel lushnikov (unm) and dr. anastassiya semenova (uw).giacomo scilla wins the 2023 summer math scholarship3/16/23the ub department of mathematics is pleased to announce that giacomo scilla is the recipient of the 2023 summer math scholarship. together with faculty mentor dr. gino biondini, scilla formulated an undergraduate research project aimed at understanding the classification of two-dimensional wave patterns governed by the solutions of the kadomtsev-petviashvili equation, with the ultimate goal of deriving efficient methods to generate large ensembles of such solutions.robert busch wins milton plesur excellence in teaching award5/24/22the department of mathematics is pleased to announce that robert busch, clinical assistant professor, is the winner of the coveted milton plesur excellence in teaching award, 2019-2020. busch was recognized by the undergraduate student association for his commitment and dedication to students. he was nominated for the award by his students. upon news of the award, busch's first thought was to acknowledge his students: “to all my students, over all the years, and in all the classes…for giving me the privilege of being your instructor, for making me into a better teacher, communicator, and human being, for the pleasure of watching you learn and succeed, and for the thrill of seeing you graduate and step into your dreams…from the bottom of my heart…thank you.”professor naoki masuda wins jsps prize2/26/20the university at buffalo department of mathematics is pleased to announce that dr. naoki masuda, associate professor, is the winner of the jsps (japan society for promotion of science) prize 2020. the national award recognizes his work, “pioneering research on theory and data-analysis methods for temporal networks”. dr. masuda attended the jsps awards ceremony in february, 2020, accompanied by his daughter, ami masuda. the jsps 2020 award included full funding of their travel to japan. while there, dr. masuda and ami participated in an exclusive audience with the japanese royal family.destiny diaz wins nsf graduate research fellowship award11/19/24the university at buffalo department of mathematics is pleased to announce that destiny diaz has won the national science foundation’s graduate research fellowship award. the prestigious award is one of the most competitive and respected scientific fellowships in the u.s.  diaz is completing a bs in mathematics with a minor in spanish. diaz received 2019 suny chancellor’s award for student excellence. a buffalo native, she is a member of the university honors college and a prosperity fellow. the nsf graduate research fellowship will support her pursuit of graduate study in biostatistics at ub. the award provides three years of financial support within a five-year fellowship period, which amounts to a $34,000 annual stipend and $12,000 cost-of-education allowance to the graduate institution.ub math grads win nsf graduate research fellowships6/4/16the national science foundation graduate research fellowship program (grfp) named a record number of winners from ub this year, one more than all the awards given to students in the rest of the suny system. for the 2016 competition, nsf received close to 17,000 applications, and made 2,000 award offers.   department of mathematics 244 mathematics building buffalo, ny 14260-2900 phone: (716) 645-6284 fax: (716) 645-5039 university at buffalo. all rights reserved.  |  privacy  |  accessibilityyour privacy is important to us.buffalo.edu uses cookies to help build a better website experience for our visitors. learn more in our privacy policy.okay