


















 







high quality original posters | rare and collectable 















































 









 








0
 item 
 items 
0








2022 w. north five mile rd
                    spokane, wa 99208
1 (800)-558-7552



 









high quality original posters
a wide collection from 1870 – modern original posters that have been professionally linen backed and ready to frame.
search for posters





                    find your poster - start here
                

menufind a posterfind a poster by category











automobileaviationbookscabaret / theatre / operacappiello d’ylenchocolatecircus / magiccyclesdecorativedonn arden collectiondrinks / waterexhibitionsfairy tales / children’s interest 

 




fansfashionfine artfoodfruit box labelsgeneral advertisementshawaiikitchen / bathlaguna beachle rire originalsles affiches etrangeresles maitresl’image orignals 

 




liquorloterie nationalemagazine covers and postersmoviesmusicolympicsour americapageant of the masterspin uppolish/czechporscherailwayrock & roll 

 




russiansaturday evening postsportssurfingt. lautrec lithographstobaccotransportationtravelvanity fairwar / propagandawatchesworld war 1world war ii 

 











 closenew acquisitionsfeatured postersspecialsabout uswhat our customers saycontact ussee the galleryprivacy policyhow to buy a vintage poster from us closeserviceslinen backing closeblog














 


 


 







 
scrollto


featured collectibles
vintage poster experts
rare & collectible
buy with confidence
what our customers say
back to top











 


featured collectible posters
great buys on selected posters. learn about all of them.










dylen is item #14733 

 





                        rare original chaussures bally antique vintage poster created by jean d’ ylen.                    


            stone lithograph with acid free archival linen backing. holding a ruby red slipper, a prince charming runs up the night time steps to the estate; perhaps looking to find his cinderella. beautiful, great condition, original.        








                                                learn more                                        







portugal #21348 

 





                        original portugal ‘galo de barcelos’ vintage travel poster.                    


            the galo de barcelos has become the national symbol of portugal. it symbolizes honesty, integrity, trust and honor, and it is also believed to bring good luck!        








                                                learn more                                        







studio rocher #19199 

 





                        eriac cyclomoteurs                    


            this motorcycle was the first to complete an 18,000 km trip from paris to tokio. eriac specialised in cyclos sportives. maigret fans may be interested to know that eraic had premises in the boulevard richard-lenoir.        








                                                learn more                                        







pianos daude #9210 

 





                        pianos daude                    


            first edition lithograph. pianos daude art deco stone lithograph.
he diagonal placement of the piano instantly animates the entire scene, and the overhead view of the baldheaded pianist adds just the right note of humor.        








                                                learn more                                        




















vintage poster experts at your service








the place to buy a vintage poster
we make your experience in acquiring quality vintage posters a pleasure. we’ve been doing this for over 20 years and have over 4,000 original works instock ready for your home or office walls.











rare and collectible finds










godin - jean d’ylen 

 




            paris manufactured since 1840, godin stoves work just as well heating a room as they do cooking a meal. here, three delphic priestesses hold aloft the product, la chauffette. the 3 goddesses are standing on the area of the world map in france.        








                                                view details                                        







sangbof 

 




            original, framed, very rare paul mohr sangbof bouillon stone lithograph. wax wood finish frame with museum 99% uv glass, hand wrapped floating black linen mat and filet, with hand wrapped 2nd cream mat. this is the style of framing to use on the very rare original lithographs such as this one        








                                                view details                                        







caudieux 

 




            original. mounted on acid free archival linen. imp. chaix, paris a well-loved cabaret personality in montmartre, caudieux was a large, floppy ball of a man, shown here with coat-tails billowing behind him as he exits, stage right.        








                                                learn more                                        














 






buy with confidence
the vintage poster offers you 24/7 access to all of the original antique and vintage posters shown here on the website. we are a certified online vintage poster dealer. a certificate of authenticity with embedded photograph comes with each antique poster. with over 20 years of experience you are free to ask about any of the antique posters that are available for purchase. the vintage poster is also a member of ivpda. the association was created to inform and educate the public, collectors and other buyers and to help promote the appreciation of the wide variety of vintage posters from around the globe. the association members have strict guidelines to ensure the authenticity of the posters they offer for sale and to promote ethical and fair business practices.

we do not sell reproductions; only originals from france, italy, germany, england, poland, belgium, switzerland, america and beyond.
if you are looking for reproductions, please visit posterpassion.com









what our customers say…




















came to life

 

we met gary, the owner, and as he spoke we were drawn into a wondrous world of mouth dropping beauty, histories that came to life right in front of our eyes and shocking surprises ! 

kitty m.















excellent work

 

gary & “company” have done several restoration projects for me over the years on wwi & wwii posters and do excellent work. the quality and their depth of knowledge makes it worth the time and money. 

kenneth l.















the wes montgomery poster was a big hit!

 

gary,just a note to let you know the wes montgomery poster was a big hit. it turns out that our son is a fan of his music and studied montgomery’s music in learning the guitar. poster arrived timely and in good shape. condition of poster was everything you said it was.thanks for superb service. fyi i found your business and the poster on the internet. 

jim k.
























find a poster
reproduction posters
about us

what our customers say
contact us
see the gallery
privacy policy
how to buy a vintage poster from us


linen backing
 






contact info the vintage poster
12128 n. division st, pmb: 128
spokane, wa 99218
800-558-7552
local: (949) 376-7422

 


gallery blogvintage poster linen backing and restorationaugust 31, 2018linen backing is an archival acid-free linen backing used to …vintage posters – valuable art – appreciating art values.february 25, 2017champagne de rochegre. rare original  1902, leonetto cappiello,  turn of …the vintage poster:  best antique vintage poster shop and custom framing galleryoctober 26, 2016welcome to the vintage poster:  the west coast’s largest antique vintage …custom framing for original vintage postersoctober 18, 2016    the vintage poster gallery of laguna beach custom … 


social




poster dealers association 



 

back to top


poster search
contact us
privacy policy
terms of service
shipping and returns




 




    online payments 



                         © 2025 the vintage poster all rights reserved.
                        













pin it on pinterest



































