




 


iowa pet breeders association - home



 




iowa pet breeders association


log in












 











home




mentorship




members



become a member







sponsors




vendors




events




find a breeder




ikap




contact












welcome! iowa pet breeders association (iapba) is dedicated to the advancement of professional companion animal breeders through education and collaboration. 









 







iowa pet breeders association mentor programiapba offers to iowa breeders a mentorship program and will assist people that are struggling or feeling overwhelmed. we can give you the knowledge of proper canine care or help in rehoming dogs that are in less than ideal situations. contact: iapba.president@gmail.com or a board member for assistanceall dogs deserve to live in safe environments where their needs are met.


becoming a  member has never been easier!
renewal- when you log on, your name will be highlighted in blue, (upper right hand corner) click, it will take you to your information page. you will need to click edit to make changes. your personal information will all be listed there for your eyes only: phone, email, breeds you raise and if you want to be listed in the directory and on website etc.  you are able to pay your membership.
new member- click the join us button. https://www.aphis.usda.gov/publications/animal_welfare/sop-for-resuming-inspections-during-covid19.pdfcheck out the new usda regulations at the above link


iapba needs you!we will be voting for: president, corresponding secretary, and publicity director! if you would like to run for any of these positions - please contact jesse at iapba.president@gmail.comjoin us










up coming conference: march 13-15 2025 (thursday to saturday)
prairie meadows1 prairie meadows dr, altoona, iowacall by feb.15 - (515) 967-1000 for room reservations agenda has been emailed to all regular members with a valid email address.










about iowa pet breeders association

the iowa pet breeders association (iapba) originated as a cooperative effort of seven determined women from six points in the state of iowa. today, iapba is offering it members valuable opportunities to collaborate with one another and advance their industry through education. iapba works in partnership with the iowa kennel assurance program and other organizations to promote responsible companion animal breeding.


©2016 by iowa pet breeders association
iowa pet breeders association is a 501(c)6 non-profit organization. 


































powered by wild apricot membership software









