




































    
    baltimore, md homes for rent & sale and property management services
  
  












               


     services


   management services



  commercial



  sales





  available rentals


   residential



  commercial





  apartments



  residents


   resident faqs



  resident forms





  owners


   owner faqs





  our team



  blog



  contact us






     
 
pay rent









    
 





        
      

  residential
  

button






    

  commercial
  

button






    

  sales
  

button












       

any city
 



  

any price
 

  min. price

 max. price



  

all beds
 

  studio

 1 bed

 2 beds

 3 beds

 4 beds

 5+ beds



  

all baths
 

  1 bath

 2 baths

 3 baths

 4 baths

 5+ baths



  
 
search
  








    property management & homes for rent
 we offer a wide range of homes for rent in the baltimore metropolitan area. for over two decades, canton management company (cmc) has been connecting buyers, sellers, tenants and rental property owners throughout the area. we manage a diverse range of residential and commercial properties. 


  
 residents cmc is recognized for its extensive portfolio of rental housing and multi-family units and high-quality services. each of our homes are professionally managed and exceptionally maintained. our residents have access to the latest technology to streamline the rental process including a secure rent payment system and an online maintenance request system. our maintenance team is responsive and available 24/7 in emergencies.   

view availability




   investors for investment property owners, our extensive management services are designed to protect your investment and maximize your return. from securing qualified tenants to collecting rents and efficient maintenance, we do it all. we take the hassles out of being a landlord.for those interested in buying, selling or investing in the region, we are licensed real estate brokers. learn more in our real estate section or contact us to discuss your real estate goals.   

our services





   contact us thanks for considering canton management. we appreciate the opportunity to serve you!  
   first name

 last name

 email

 phone number

 message







thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later


  








      
2912 o'donnell st, baltimore, md 21224, united states 410-342-2205 email  us﻿
     

 

 




google     residential portal
 log in
|
sign up


 owner portal
 log in
|
sign up







   canton management co © 2022 all rights reserved. canton management 
 



















































































































  
  share by:











