ï»¿

theosophy northwest, nw branch, theosophical society (pasadena) 






theosophy northwest 

welcome to the homepage of the northwest branch of the theosophical society, located in the seattle area in king county, washington. we are part of the 
theosophical society with its international headquarters at pasadena, 
california.  feel free to contact us at: theosnw@theosophy-nw.org; 
or po box 53431, bellevue, wa 98015. 

theosophical and other publications     |   children's booklist  
book reviews and comments   
|   noteworthy films and documentaries 
   

collation of theosophical glossaries   
|   encyclopedic 
theosophical glossary
 theosophy northwest view newsletter  
the perennial wisdom 
collection of quotes one minute for peace   
|   wallpaper and screen savers  

articles on:
theosophy   |  
oneness of life   |  
reincarnation   |   
karma   |   human nature   |   health   |  
death
science   |   the structure of 
nature   |   evolution  
 |  
cycles   |   
the arts   |   
inspirational writings
issues facing humanity   
|   spiritual path   |   truth   
  |   
teachers   |     
occultism   |   sacred seasons     
on world spiritual traditions:
general religion and mythology   |   ancient mediterranean   |   ancient europe    |   european philosophers and mystics 

  zoroastrianism   |
  judaism    |   christianity   
 |   islam     |    
hinduism   |   buddhism   
|   jainism   |  
china   
native
     american   |   africa   |  
australasia  |   atheism

theosophical society homepage | theosophical university press literature online 
| contacts 
h. p. blavatsky | h. s. olcott | w. q. judge | katherine tingley | g. de purucker | col. conger and james a. long 
| grace f. knoche 
northwest branch logo: "raven" by don yeoman  

what is theosophy?
the word theosophy is derived from the greek theo-sophia, 
which means "divine wisdom."  the theosophical 
society is dedicated to universal brotherhood, independent spiritual search, and 
study of the religious, scientific and philosophical thought of humanity, 
ancient and modern. it is part of a universal spiritual, intellectual, and 
ethical movement which has been active in all ages. this movement is based on 
the fact that spiritual oneness is a reality and is of the very essence of 
being. 
the theosophical society was founded in new york in 1875 by h. p. blavatsky, h. s. olcott, 
w. q. judge, and others. non-political and non-sectarian, its objectives are: to 
form an active brotherhood among mankind; to promulgate the essential unity of 
all that is, and demonstrate that this unity is fundamental in nature; to 
promote the study of ancient and modern religion, science, and philosophy; and 
to explore the hidden side of nature and mankind. the philosophy found in 
theosophical literature is a contemporary presentation of the ancient wisdom, 
humanity's spiritual heritage. 
by individual effort and study, the perennial philosophy can become a living force in 
individual lives and in the world. the society's main objective is to encourage oneness and compassion: "think of 
theosophy not so much as a body of philosophic or other teaching, but as the 
highest law of conduct, which is the enacted expression of divine love or 
compassion." (katherine tingley)

theosophical literature:
the king county library system and seattle public library have dozens of 
theosophical books for borrowing. theosophical university press carries many theosophical books. for a free catalog, write to po box c, pasadena, ca 91109, or visit their online catalog. 

link descriptions:
theosophical articles: topics in depth -- a collection of 
over 1,000 online articles, organized by topic, on theosophy, universal brotherhood, reincarnation, karma, evolution, the spiritual path, human nature, death, occultism and psychism, cycles, teachers and the hierarchy of compassion, truth and ethics, science, the arts, and the world's spiritual traditions (copyrighted material used with permission). 
collation of theosophical glossaries -- definitions of theosophical and metaphysical terms from several theosophical books integrated into one alphabetical listing. these include blavatsky's theosophical glossary, judge's working glossary, purucker's occult glossary, and barborka's gods and heroes of the bhagavad-gita in their entirety; the glossaries from blavatsky's key to theosophy and voice of the silence, five years of theosophy, titchenell's masks of odin, moffett's in esotericism of the popol vuh; terms from isis unveiled, tyberg's sanskrit keys to the wisdom religion, and hall's sanskrit pronunciation; material from word wisdom in the esoteric tradition by g. de purucker; also entries from john van mater's secret doctrine index.
children's booklist -- annotated list of over 800 books to stimulate the imagination of young people up to age 15, compiled by the children's committee of the theosophical society. it includes sections on picture books, fiction, myths and tales, world religions, poetry, science and nature, nonfiction, biography, and resource books for adults. 
the perennial wisdom 
-- quotations that illustrate the universality of the perennial wisdom, in world 
religions, philosophies, and sciences.  
pacific northwest theosophist -- simple centered thoughts on single topics in a non-linear format. 
links to selected sites -- theosophical sites, comparative religion, philosophy, science, and arts sites, online texts, reference works, newspapers, libraries, museums, and e-text lists. 
contacts -- local, national, and international theosophical contacts. 
----
theosophical society homepage: website with information on the theosophical society, its objectives, history, programs, and national sections.
theosophical university press online: full-text online versions of all tup publications, including those by blavatsky, judge, purucker, long, 
knoche, and others.



