




d & w music videos - vintage rock music videos and audio cd's - searchable database of rock audio cd-r for trading
 













dwmv2000@yahoo.ca


0 items in cart  (view cart)






menu



home
artist videos
various videos 
artist cd's
various artist cd's
hd videos
hd various videos
videos we want

recent updates

artist videos
various videos
artist cd's
various artist cd's
hd videos
hd various videos


contact us







search database



 artist name:  


 name of show:  







ordering info

pricing: all prices shown are in usd

discs are 8$ for a single disc order, 6.50$ each for 2 or more.
disc requiring a dual layer disc or blu ray disc are 10$ each
please specify if you wish a tile on regular dvd or high definition for blu ray player
printed covers, on  photo paper, are available for the cdr's as seen in the listings, and dvd covers are available for the tiles with the designation dvd(b). printed covers are 7.50$ for single page front & back, 10$ for a 2 page cover.
discs marked with *** after the show name are 10$ each


shipping: all prices shown are in usd

for north america 1 - 4 discs  is 6.50, each additional add 1.50.  overseas  1 - 4 disc is 10.00 and a 1.00 each additional disc. discs in cases are 6.50 for the first, 3.00 for the second and 1.50 each following. the files can be sent as a download saving any shipping costs.


payment: all prices shown are in usd

paypal: send funds to dwmv2000@yahoo.ca (i can also send you an invoice if you would prefer)
e transfers, send an email to dwmv2000@yahoo.ca for details
western union, cash, or money orders send an email for details




* now available *dw music video patreon page

you can now join my patreon page and get access to download or watch videos for a monthly membership fee of 5$.
members can make a request for a particular show to be added.
these videos are in mp4 or mkv format, shows are being added regularly.
https://patreon.com/dwmvmusicvideos



notes

if you are interested in artists you don't see here email dwmv2000@yahoo.ca.
*note that shows marked "available in pal blu ray" are playable only on european blu-ray players or other specialty brand players however they can be converted to ntsc at no additional cost, os please mention this when ordering.
*some sony blu-ray players may have trouble playing the blu ray discs on dvd-r , best to test with one first.
+some shows require dual layer dvd-r's and some blu-ray bd-r's these are additional cost. these shows are indicated by "dl" & "bd-r".
*pal to ntsc conversions and other technical video related services available.
*please visit my facebook page at https://www.facebook.com/dw-music-videos-cds-793707364054409/
click here if you would like to receive monthly update lists by email.




watch bob dylan shadow kingdom, long form live video






special: buy 10 for 50$ u.s. + post
hi, and welcome to our archives of rare music videos & audios!
we have collected many rare shows over the years and we invite you to browse through our pages or use our quick search engine. all shows are listed by band name or surname (eg. led zeppelin under led, bob dylan under dylan) there is a various section for multi-artist shows & compilations. 
all shows are in dvd-r format. for ordering details & general questions please email dwmv2000@yahoo.ca. we are happy to look through trade & wish lists as well! we have a wide network of worldwide contacts to obtain many new & rare shows

key to abbreviations:

l.d..... laserdisc 
	p.r......pre-recorded factory vhs
	dvd(b) indicates a show to which artwork is available 
	

quality gradings:

ex....master
	ex....slight imperfections
	vg+..slight blurriness of fine detail
	vg....more serious loss of detail
	vg-...for hardocre fans

note: some of the earlier disc numbers were quality evaluated before the era of hd widescreen tv's and may now be considered one grade lower then at the time of their addition to my database in the early 2000's.
	please feel free to search our database by artist's name, show or tape number or you can use one of the links below (sorted by artist's name).

	artwork is available for nearly all cd's, and is being added to the links in the cd section over the next coming months, if the one you wish is not yet there it can be emailed


a b c d e f g h i j k l m
n o p q r s t u v w x y z various







thank you for visiting d&w music videos.
			copyright © 2025 d & w music videos. all rights reserved










