







ftva – remain in touch






















































































































































 

 


 









skip to content


















home
about

history
association officers
membership information
events
vigilant partners program


chapter
hall of honor
newsletters
become a partner
donate
login
join
 





























a national military community 



freedom throughvigilance association 



remain in touch, stay connected 






learn more










facebook-f
 


























 


















remain in touch 



join our community 



gain access to our monthly newsletter, fallen eagles page, ftva forum, and more! 














login   














get started















 












our values 











 








 




							community						


						at  ftva we aim to build welcoming and valuable communities for all our current and future members. join discussion groups, forums, chat privately and more					













 




							service						


						 the ftva
thanks all who have served and sacrificed through the years and remains committed to the values we
hold dear of dignity and respect for all, duty well performed, honor in all things, and country above self! 					













 




							connection						


						throughout the years, our leaders have understood that if we take care of
the people, the people will take care of the mission. our people are as diverse as the missions we
support. yet, despite these differences, we train and fight as one. 					





















 














remain in touch 



connecting military men and womensince 1980 



keeping in touch is very important to us, since the formation of the usaf security service (usafss) in october 1948, and in its various iterations since then to the present 16th air force, we recognize that the one constant and bedrock strength of ourorganization is the people. 











 





 












ftva in review 



our impact on
the community 



the ftva reaffirms our commitment to our country and the people we serve. now is the time for reflection and listening to those that may not have had a voice at the table. those voices need to be heard and be part of this national debate. we, as an organization, understand the sacrifices that have been made so that all americans can enjoy the benefits of liberty, freedom, and justice for all. 
































 

 

 










find your chapter 



we have chapters all over the united states 



ftva has many chapters spread throughout the united states. with over 1000 members in ftva, chapters are used to organize and reach out to our various members. 






find your chapter















join ftva 



join ftva today to enjoy all the benefits our members enjoy such as our monthly newsletter, fallen eagles, and e-mail list 






get started


















				explore ftva				

















 




							donate						


						donate today and contribute to the cause!					













 




							our history​						


						learn more about the history of ftva.					













 




							become a partner						


						join our amazing team of partners!					


























 



 
the freedom through vigilance association (ftva) is a private, non-profit corporation dedicated to the support and perpetuation of the objectives of the u.s. air force and usaf security service and its successor organizations. to stay up to date follow us on facebook.



 









						ftva all rights reserved					

















				hall of honor				






lt gen bradfor shwedo 



integrated cyber and isr forces with the merger of 24af and 25af  – the first senior officer to oversee the strategic change of joint all domain command and control efforts. one of a kind leader who kept isr and cyber capabilities relevant and ready for any challenge or crisis! 



read more » 














 








































skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility helper
 




accessibility helper



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset









