

































learn spanish in peru | el sol spanish language school





















































 elsol@idiomasperu.com


 +51 945422810








english
español























courses

spanish courses in lima
spanish courses online
levels and progress



activities


accommodation


dates & fees


registration








 
 

 
 













 









 choose the right school to learn spanish

spanish in lima
spanish online



 
 
 





 the only spanish language school recognized by peru's ministry of education

spanish in lima
spanish online



 
 
 





 different activities to immerse yourself in peruvian culture

spanish in lima
spanish online



 
 
 









 choose the right school to learn spanish


 
 
 





 recognized by the ministery of education in peru


 
 
 





 different activities to immerse yourself in peruvian culture


 
 
 









different courses for your specific needs 










spanish for travellers

 








spanish for academics

 








spanish for business

 








dele & siele preparation

 








spanish for healthcare

 


 

 
 
 








learn spanish in lima, peru
 

el sol spanish language school specializes in spanish language courses for international students from around the world, and is considered the best spanish language school in peru.
our school is located in the modern and beautiful seaside district of miraflores, lima. students study spanish in individual or group classes with no more than eight students, which are complemented by a range of social and cultural activities organized by our school.

our courses combine the structure of the common european framework of reference for languages and our own fast-track methodology, helping students learn spanish more effectively than spanish immersion courses offered at traditional spanish language schools.
el sol is the only spanish language school recognized by the peruvian government (r.m. 432-2020 - minedu), and is accredited as an official siele examination center.
el sol is also a leading provider of online spanish language courses, allowing you to study spanish online before you arrive and after you leave.
in addition to our years of experience and quality academic courses, el sol offers a warm and friendly atmosphere that is conducive to language study, making it the best choice for learning spanish in lima.  come join us!

show more
 










 

 
 

 
 












 




benefits








student visa
el sol is recognized by the ministry of education of peru, facilitating the attainment of a student visa

 






facilities
our school features modern classrooms, student lounges, and outdoor spaces

 






guaranteed results
our students have a 100% success rate in passing the dele and siele examinations

 


 

 
 
 








learn spanish online with el sol
 

el sol - spanish online program is perfect for anyone looking to learn spanish, from beginners to advanced students. with el sol, you can study not only from home but also from your office, or any other place in the world you choose, even across different time zones, at your own pace with live classes taught by experienced native speaker teachers.
our lessons are interactive, making learning fast and enjoyable. you’ll practice speaking, listening, reading, and writing with instant feedback to help you improve quickly. join us and start speaking one of the world’s most popular languages today!
 










 

 
 

 
 









our methodology


learning spanish in a cultural context


our methodology maximizes learning potential.

personalized, student-centered instruction based on individual interests, needs and learning style.
flexible program in terms of length, content and frequency.
supplementary materials designed for each student or group based on their particular program.
school environment, both inside and outside the classroom, that stimulates interaction between cultures.
small classes, which ensure that learning objectives can be achieved.






upcoming activities  



latin dance



movie evenings



social & cultural tours



 

 
 










testimonials from our students  

 










i studied spanish at several schools in latin america, and i can say without a doubt that el sol was my best experience by far. i passed the dele after spending three months with the best teachers. thank you el sol! i hope to return to peru soon.
rosella underhill
canada











i work remotely in latin america and have studied spanish in various schools across different countries. el sol in lima is the best school i've attended. the teachers were highly professional, providing clear answers, and the classes were both interesting and well-organized. i also made many friends at the school. i wholeheartedly recommend it as the best spanish school in latin america!
sally auyeung
china











my experience was fantastic! we were a group of 25 brazilians and we were very well received by the whole team. they advised us on all activities carried out by the school and supported us throughout our stay. the teachers are well trained and guided us brilliantly. 10/10!
solange alvez
brazil



 
 
























 
 









reasons to study spanish at el sol

×



4. the el sol methodology course for spanish language teachers attracts educators from across the country who want to specialize in spanish language instruction.
5.our course combines the structure of the common european framework of reference for languages together with our own fast-track methodology, making the el sol academic course a unique an effective way to learn spanish.
6.finally, el sol is the right choice to learn spanish in lima because in addition to our quality academic course and years of experience, we will provide you with a warm and friendly atmosphere conducive to language study. come join us!
        


close


















el sol spanish language school specializes in teaching spanish language courses to international students from around the world. 

 




sitemap


home
intranet

 




support


faqs
privacy
terms

 




contact us







grimaldo del solar 469, miraflores, lima, perú







+(51-1) 242 6936







elsol@idiomasperu.com



 

 
 
 





© copyrights 2024 elsol - escuela de español all rights reserved. 





 
 
 



































