






































competition bureau canada




















            skip to main content
          



            skip to "about this site"
          









language selection


wxt language switcher
 françaisfr







 /
        gouvernement du canada









wxt search form


search



search








menu
main menu 


home






you are here



canada.ca


competition bureau canada








 





competition bureau canada
















competition bureau canada
the competition bureau is an independent law enforcement agency that protects and promotes competition for the benefit of canadian consumers and businesses. competition drives lower prices and innovation while fueling economic growth.
complaint form






spotlight on
implementing changes to the competition act




most requested

"product of canada" and "made in canada" claims
environmental claims and the competition act
how to report fraud and scams in canada
report of merger reviews
false or misleading representations and deceptive marketing practices
guide to the consumer packaging and labelling act and regulations







services and information


deceptive marketing practices
get information about false and misleading advertising, contests, performance claims, multi-level marketing and telemarketing.


labelling
find the requirements for labelling of prepackaged (non-food) consumer products and textiles, and marking of precious metals.


fraud and scams
view our tips on how to recognize and report fraud and scams.


bid-rigging, price-fixing and illegal agreements
learn about illegal competitor agreements, and incentives to report and cooperate.


mergers and acquisitions
get to know our merger review process, thresholds and requirements for mandatory merger notification, and information about concluded merger reviews.


restrictive trade practices
learn about common types of trade-related practices that can harm competition, such as abuse of dominance, price maintenance, exclusive dealing, tied selling, market restriction, and refusal to deal.


how we foster competition
take a look at our market studies, outreach and partnership activities.


report suspicious activities
learn how to contact the competition bureau and report suspicious activities.


compliance hub
understand the basics of the law and learn how to build a credible and effective compliance program for your business.


implementing changes to the competition act
learn about recent changes to the competition act, how we are implementing them and updating our guidance.







contact us

forms
information centre
media relations








about the competition bureau

mandate
organizational structure
strategic vision
why competition matters
consultations
transparency
accessibility
job opportunities

more: about the competition bureau





on social media

facebook: competitionbureaucanada
x: @compbureau
youtube: @competitionbureau

linkedin: canadian-competition-bureau
more ways to connect





commissioner




matthew boswell



commissioner of competition

mandate letter











news

competition bureau news

more: competition bureau news




features



made in canada claims
with canadian content ranging from a little to a lot, companies sometimes wonder at what point they can market their products as canadian-made.




implementing changes to the competition act
the government of canada recently made significant changes to the competition act as part of its efforts to modernize canada’s competition laws.



















 report a problem



date modified:
2025-02-17
















pied de page bande ctx 1


contact the competition bureau















government of canada

all contacts
departments and agencies
about government
themes and topics
jobs
immigration and citizenship
travel and tourism
business
benefits
health
taxes
environment and natural resources
national security and defence
culture, history and sport
policing, justice and emergencies
transport and infrastructure
canada and the world
money and finance
science and innovation
indigenous peoples
veterans and military
youth














brand

social media
mobile applications
about canada.ca
terms and conditions
privacy




top of page



























