


florida title and escrow, florida title insurance company
































































local:
(305) 235-4571


toll free:
(800) 547-0006


 | 

chat











we service all florida and can close you anywhere






menu


home
about

about key title & escrow
locations
latest news
write a review
testimonials
join our newsletter
video gallery


services

client login
title & escrow services
property title searches
file your homestead exemption
judgment & lien searches
record owner searches
1031 tax deferred exchange
florida title insurance
florida homeowner's insurance
residential title services
refinance transactions
home purchase transactions
settlement services
owners & encumbrance reports (o&e)
statewide closings
escrow closing services
weekend / after hour closings
statewide notary services
24/7 online access to your transactions


who we serve

borrowers / buyers
lenders / brokers
realtors


order/quote

order title & escrow
title insurance/closing cost quote
homeowners insurance quote


blog
contact












your #1 title & escrow services company in florida








we provide fast and accurate statewide real estate closings in florida
read more








your loans will close
rapidly, conveniently, and efficiently






we've been serving the florida real estate market for over 24 years

















title & escrow services

we offer title and escrow services in florida and provide fast turnaround times. we have experienced and dedicated professionals that always strive to offer the best customer service. the goal is simple – get the transaction closed on time, every time!




florida title insurance

our name is our business and that means when it comes to florida title insurance, we provide our clients with a full range of professional title insurance and real estate services. we ensure the highest standards and quality in our work as well as the best rates in florida.




florida homeowner's insurance

your home is one of your largest investments. you want comprehensive homeowners insurance coverage tailored to your individual home and possessions.  we offer a wide variety of choices in florida homeowners insurance to fit your needs.





your loans will close rapidly, conveniently, and efficiently







realtors
			        key title & escrow is your best source for real estate closings. as a realtor, you will not only experience premier service but will also have access to our state-of-the-art technology. here at key title & escrow, we understand how important it is to get your transaction closed. once you hire our services, you will be able to enjoy all the advantages they provide, such as fast payouts, quick closings, no hassles, short sales, paperless online transaction management, and more! if you are a real estate agent or broker, we would like to offer our full range of services to you as a title agency.
                
learn more >>




buyers
			        we will answer all your questions and concerns about title insurance in florida and lead you every step of the way until you close. at key title & escrow, we handle residential and commercial property title insurance. whether you are purchasing a new home or refinancing your existing home, we will explain the title and closing process, hold any escrows required for purchases or refinances, explain all costs and fees, work with your lender or attorney, and provide you with a fast and seamless closing.
                
learn more >>




lenders
			        our one-point-of-contact is a service formed to address the title and escrow needs of lender's residential & commercial properties by providing centralized, one-point-of-contact to make it easier for the lender or broker to request what they need. our professionals are experienced, friendly and always accessible. our florida mortgage title insurance team is committed to providing the highest quality title, escrow and closing services available to the real estate lending industry today. the goal is simple – get the transaction closed on time, every time!
                
learn more >>









latest news & blogs




types of homeowners insurance available in florida, the sunshine state

            learn about the different types of homeowners insurance so you make the right choice before buying your dream house. 
        
january 15, 2025
read more





what happens if there's a lien on the property you're buying?

            title searches represent a sure form to locate any liens that have been placed on the property in the past. 
        
december 23, 2024
read more





what to do if your escrow account is short on funds?

            you might deal with an escrow shortage after an increase in the rates of your property taxes and/or your homeowner's insurance. 
        
december 10, 2024
read more


view all >>









video gallery



your best option for real estate closings



your full service title, escrow and settlement agency in florida



premier title and escrow services for all florida


view all >> 





we service all florida  and can close you anywhere

alachua county
baker county
bay county
bradford county
 brevard county 
 broward county 
calhoun county
charlotte county
citrus county
clay county
 collier county 
columbia county
desoto county
dixie county
 duval county 
escambia county
flagler county


franklin county
gadsden county
gilchrist county
glades county
gulf county
hamilton county
hardee county
hendry county
hernando county
highlands county
 hillsborough county 
holmes county
indian river county
jackson county
jefferson county
lafayette county
lake county 


 lee county
leon county
levy county
liberty county
madison county
manatee county
marion county 
martin county
 miami-dade county
 monroe county 
nassau county
okaloosa county
okeechobee county
 orange county 
osceola county
 palm beach county 
pasco county


 pinellas county 
 polk county 
putnam county
santa rosa county
sarasota county
seminole county
st. johns county
st. lucie county
sumter county
suwannee county
taylor county
union county
volusia county
wakulla county
walton county
washington county










about us





			key title & escrow is a premier florida title and escrow company that has been serving the real estate industry for over 24 years. we have developed a reputation for quality and efficient closings. we strive to offer customer service to the highest of standards, and we take pride in the professionalism and honesty that we give to all our clients. learn more about our wide array of services.
			read more



contact us
(305) 235-4571 | (800) 547-0006

to contact us either call our phone numbers shown above or fill out the form below

















enter code 45044
















home |
                about | 
                services | 
                who we serve | 
                get a quote | 
                blog |
                contact | 
                sitemap |
           bookmark us



copyright  © 1993 - 2025 key title & escrow. all rights reserved.
		seo website, ecommerce by webfindyou









kristin
online agent
chat now










