






















scholarship america｜eliminating barriers to education






















































































		skip to main content	




























































browse scholarshipsdonate 











toggle search panel.



toggle navigation menu.












								sponsors								





								donors								





								students								





								about								





								news & media								






									sponsors								
is your organization ready to make a difference? scholarship america is equipped to create a scholarship program with best practices and your goals in mind for maximum impact.




															foundations & nonprofits														



															corporations														



															government & institutions														





															set up a scholarship														



																community-focused															



																emergency aid															



																children of employee															



																employee scholarships															





															dollars for scholars														



																chapter login															



																find your chapter															






									donors								
no matter how you give, you can make an impact. whether it’s monthly giving, an employer match, planned and estate giving, or a donor-advised gift, we make every dollar count. 




															support scholarships														



															memorial & tribute scholarships														





															employer matching gifts														



															planned & estate giving														






									students								
college is expensive, and financial aid can be a complex challenge. scholarship america is here to help you every step of the way, no matter what your educational goals might be.




															scholarships for high school students														



															scholarships for stem students														



															scholarships for community college students														



															scholarships for current college students														





															browse scholarships														



															resources														



															student hub														






									about								
we’re dedicated to removing financial barriers so every student has the opportunity to pursue their dreams.




															board & leaders														



															careers														



															contact														



															documentation and financials														






									news & media								
scholarship america is the nation’s leading administrator of scholarship programs, combining best-in-class service with a nonprofit mission to eliminate barriers to higher education. 




															blog														



															media														






browse scholarshipsdonate 









				your mission. 
our solutions. 
their futures.			
scholarship america aims to eliminate financial barriers to students’ dreams. for more than 60 years, we’ve worked with sponsors of all sizes to craft flexible custom scholarship programs that connect organizations’ missions with best-in-class solutions.
learn more 

 







make dreams come true with our expert, mission-focused solutions.

set up a scholarship




excited to make a difference? help us grow existing scholarships.

make a donation



































nonprofit mission. best-in-class services.
we’ve collaboratively created and sustained scholarships for sponsors in almost every industry, partnering on incredible investments in developing student talent. no matter your level of expertise— our scholarship experts can help you navigate the complexities of scholarship setup while keeping your mission close to heart and empowering the students you want to help.







corporations

engage your employees, contribute to your community, and develop your future workforce.




foundations & nonprofits

deliver education support directly to students facing financial need in your community.




government & institutions

as an expert trusted nonprofit, we ensure your scholarship is efficient, compliant, and secure.



 





 



your donation creates a ripple effect felt for generations
supporting students strengthens our future. your donation—no matter the size—can create an impact that is felt for years to come. with your help, we have the power to build more equitable opportunities for students facing systemic disadvantages.


support our scholarships
explore other ways to give




$5.7b
awarded to students since 1958­͏


3m
students supported over our history


$315m
in scholarship dollars awarded in 2024


20k
first-gen students supported last year


































brands you know, and sponsors who are making a difference







 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 











 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






 




				your #1 resource for navigating scholarships			


finding and applying for the right scholarships can be a daunting task. that’s why scholarship america offers a safe and trusted resource to help you find scholarships and answer important questions along the way.



						browse scholarships						

						learn more						




 



					i would like to thank scholarship america for changing the lives of so many students who thought they could not attend college…				

dream award scholar kimberly rendon








			ready to set up your scholarship? get in touch.		

our team is here to help you achieve your goals and build your custom scholarship program.


contact us 




































about
careers
contact
set up a scholarship
dollars for scholars
blog




visit scholarship america on facebook





visit scholarship america on x





visit scholarship america on instagram





visit scholarship america on linkedin





visit scholarship america on youtube








minneapolis, minnesota
7900 international drive, suite 500 
minneapolis, mn 55425							


											(800) 537-4180										

											(507) 931-1682										



saint peter, minnesota
one scholarship way 
saint peter, mn 56082							


											(800) 537-4180										

											(507) 931-1682										




sign up for news
scholarship america uses the contact information you provide to us to contact you about our relevant content, products and services. you may unsubscribe from these communications at anytime. for information on our commitment to protecting your privacy, check out our privacy policy.






											© 2025 scholarship america | all rights reserved | ein: 04-2296967									

privacy policy
cookie policy
terms & conditions
 






this website uses cookies to improve your experience. by clicking “accept”, you agree to our privacy policy and cookie policy


reject
accept














