











bare-metal foil, silicone mold rubber, polyurethane mold rubber, casting resin

























order online or call 248.477.0813

bare-metal ® foilcasting resinpanel scriber
silicone rtv mold rubberexpert-choice decalsexpert-choice decal film











home


welcome to bare-metal ® foil




home
contact us
shipping & returns
policies
links



        	 
		


bare-metal ® foil

bare-metal® foilplease choose a foil type:



polytek

polytek
products


mold making and casting starter kit
polytek® platsil series silicone rtv mold systems
polytek® tinsil series silicone rtv mold systems
polytek® polyurethane 74 series mold rubbers
polytek® polyurethane 75 series mold rubbers
polytek® poly latex 60 
polytek® poly latex false face
polytek® hydrogel n alginate
polytek® easyflo™ 60 polyurethane casting resin





decals / specialty items

decals and supplies

experts-choice® decal film 
the same decal film used by professional printers to produce commercial decals. available in both clear and white in 8 ½ x 11 sheets. 
experts-choice® 1/32 scale decals 
experts-choice® 1/48 scale decals 
experts-choice® 1/72 scale decals 
microscale products
decal setting solutions, satin, flat and gloss coat finish enhancers, plastic model adhesive, and many other modeling liquids. 


now you can quickly and easily create your own custom decals.
experts-choice® decal film is available in both clear and white one and three sheet packs. with experts-choice® plain decal film you can use your own color ink jet or laser printer to make home made decals. you can also use a color photo copier to reproduce any decal of your choice. this material allows you to use existing artwork from books, magazines, computer clip art, or your own original art to create any decal. the standard 8 1/2 x 11 sheets work perfectly with any copier or printer.
important notice: inkjet decal film is intended for use with inkjet printers only. please choose laser decal film for photocopiers and laser printers. laser film is located below the inkjet film.
specialty itemsa collection of interesting helpful items. includes bare-metal® plastic polish, experts-choice™ parts placer, bare-metal® adhesive, and much more...

easy 6 steps 








experts-choice mold products


experts-choice mold products


mold making and casting starter kitthe perfect place for the beginner to get a start. if you've never made a mold or casting before this kit is a must.
experts-choice® mold puttyeasy to use 1:1 ratio mold material for fast duplicating, cures in 20 minutes.
experts-choice® low viscosity mold materialeasy to use 1:1 ratio mold material for fast duplicating, cures in 20 minutes.
new! the prop builder's molding & casting handbookdetailed handbook on mold making and casting.
microbulb solid glass spheresmicrobulb hallow glass filler and solid glass spheres for filling polyurethane resin.



panel scriber tool



panel scriber tool




search






























previous
next






our product lines include bare-metal foil, experts-choice decals, the bare-metal panel scriber, polyurethane casting resin, polyurethane mold rubber, silicone rtv mold rubber, bare-metal plastic polish, and microscale modeling liquids.bare-metal foil is the number one model detailing foil. bare-metal gives your plastic models, especially cars and aircraft the realistic metal finishes that just can't be duplicated with any paint. bare-metal foil looks like metal because it is metal™. model cars can be trimmed with bare-metal foil around the windshield, along chrome strips, on emblems, key holes, and wiper arms. on model aircraft, bare-metal foil gives natural metal surfaces the most realistic look you could hope for. using bare-metal foil will give your plastic models the high quality finish that will set them apart from the average plastic model cars and aircraft.the polyurethane casting resins that we stock are made by polytek. we feature easy to 1:1 by volume casting resins that are very user-friendly. most casting resins cure in a matter of minutes.we also stock polyurethane mold rubber. most polyurethane mold rubber compounds are 1:1 by volume systems. polyurethane rubbers are popular with people doing concrete stamping, candle making, resin casting, and many other applications. also on our site you will find silicone mold rubber. there are two rtv silicone mold rubbers called platsil 71-11 and platsil 71-20 that are catalyzed 1:1 by volume and cure in four hours. polytek also produces more traditional by weight catalyzed silicone mold rubbers in the tinsil and platsil series families.our experts-choice decals are high quality and thoroughly researched decal sheets for your model aircraft kits. we also have experts-choice decal film. with our experts-choice decal film, you can easily create any decal on your home pc and inkjet or laser printer. experts-choice decal film comes in clear and white. this gives you the option of choosing the type of background your decals are printed on. 


plastic modeling products: 




bare-metal® foilsuper thin self-adhesive metal foil for detailing model cars and aircraft. the look of your plastic models will be dramatically improved with bare-metal foil.
bare-metal® panel scriber and handbookpanel scriber the perfect tool for removing doors and trunks lids on plastic model cars and for putting panel lines on model aircraft. also just released and new handbook on how to use the bare-metal® panel scriber. 
experts-choice™ decal film the same decal film used by professional printers to produce commercial decals. now available for both inkjet and laser printers. clear and white sheets come in standard 8 x 11 paper sizes for easy use. 
experts-choice™ 1/32 scale decals experts-choice™ 1/48 scale decalsexperts-choice™ 1/72 scale decals some of the most accurate decals for model aircraft on the market. many new and released sheets to choose from. 
microscale liquidsmicroscale has a wide range of products for finishing and decorating models. 
specialty itemsa collection of interesting helpful items. includes bare-metal® plastic polish, experts-choice™ parts placer, bare-metal® adhesive, and much more...
welcome to the bare-metal foil co. gallery.each model has been built by bare-metal foil customers. thank you to those that have shared their models with us. if you have something you'd like to add, please send it by email, or post it on the bare-metal foil facebook page.





mold making and casting products: 




mold making and casting starter kit the perfect place for the beginner to get a start. if you've never made a mold or casting before this kit is a must. 
polytek® easyflo™ 60 polyurethane casting resineasy to use 1:1 polyurethane casting resin. easyflo 60® is a very low viscosity resin that can pick up detail down to a finger print.
polytek® platsil series silicone rtv mold systemsplatsil 71 series silicone mold rubber is a platinum cured system. includes polytek 71-20 our most popular 1:1 by volume catalyzed silicone rtv and new polytek 71-15 and softer version of 71-20. and many other products, from very soft 71-10 to firm 71-60 hardness. best for casting resins and low melting metals.
polytek® tinsil series silicone rtv mold systemstinsil 70 series silicone mold rubber is a tin cured system. and many other products, from very soft 70-10 to firm 70-60 hardness. best for casting resins and low melting metals.
polytek® polyurethane 74 series mold rubbersgreat line-up of high quality rubber for foundry, concrete forms, concrete stamping pads, and statuary mold making materials. full tables and prices. complete how to section. 
polytek® polyurethane 75 series mold rubbersgreat line-up of high quality rubber for foundry, concrete forms, concrete stamping pads, and statuary mold making materials. full tables and prices. complete how to section. 
polytek® poly latex 60 poly latex 60 mold making compound. great for making cast concrete items. very easy to use one part mold rubber, just brush on and allow to dry.
polytek® poly latex false facecasting latex is commonly used for making masks, cast parts for movie and theatre actor make-up parts, and other cast rubber objects
polytek® hydrogel n alginatea natural water activated mold making compound. the perfect choice for making molds of the human body. lifecasting is made easy with  hydrogel® n. 
microbulb solid glass spheresmicrobulb hallow glass filler and solid glass spheres for filling polyurethane resin.




thank you for stopping by to visit our site. we hope that you'll find our pages full of useful information. we have designed our pages to be easy to navigate, so that you can find the products you need with as little searching around as possible. however, if you get stuck and can't find what you are looking for please call (248) 477-0813 from 8:00 am to 5:00 pm eastern time. if you receive our voice mail please leave a message and you'll get a response (from a real person) as soon as possible.  
 







contact us
 bare-metal ® foil, inc.
p. o. box 82farmington, mi 48332
 customerservice@bare-metal.com
 248.477.0813
 bare-metal.com
links
bare-metal foil
polytek
decals and supplies
mold rubber
panel scriber tool
site map

home
about us
contact us
shipping
security & privacy
links
gift certificates
 

 
 



copyright ©  bare-metal.com, bare-metal ® foil, inc.. all rights reserved. 
    














