



the hammock source :: home

























































home
partner information


catalogs
partner login


contact ths
email sign up































home
partner information


catalogs
partner login


contact ths
email sign up



×














carolina hammocks® is classic

our carolina hammocks® continues the tradition of providing the highest quality handcrafted products to our business partners.
visit carolina hammocks










the hammock source® is quality

the hammock source®: with over 125 years of making hammocks, plus so much more, we are your source for relaxation... redefined.










hatteras hammocks® is elegance

hatteras hammocks® is relaxation... refined. classic yet modern. comfortable yet durable.
visit hatteras hammocks
view catalog










the original pawleys island® is tradition

our original pawleys island hammocks® have stood the test of time and have become a tradition to many who seek quality.
visit the original pawleys island
view catalog










nags head hammocks® is relaxation

folks come to the outer banks for many reasons, and nags head hammmocks® has become an important one to many.
visit nags head hammocks










real deal brazil® is adventure

earth-friendly fashion tougher than real life – that's what real deal brazil® does; that's who real deal brazil® is.
visit real deal brazil










eco trekker® is outdoors

eco trekker® is our outdoor brand of hammocks that goes anywhere even the most avid of adventurer can go.










castaway hammocks® is carefree

looking for value and style in a hammock? look no further. castaway hammocks® has everything you need.











 












hatteras hammocks®
view website | view catalog








the original pawleys island®
view website | view catalog








nags head hammocks®
view website








carolina hammocks®
view website











castaway hammocks®








eco trekker®









real deal brazil®
view website








outdoor curtains®
view website














why ths is the best
if it's got the the hammock source name on it, then rest assured, we handcrafted it ourselves, right here at our weaving workshop in our beloved home state of north carolina. just as we always have. just as we always will.
see for yourself!








×










distinctly ths:


duracord® rope and durawood® lumber are our very own trademarked rope and lumber, designed to make our products the very best they can best. we seek out to create meaningful products as strong as the bonds we build with our customers every day.










duracord® rope
solution-dyed synthetic blend rope that balances the softness of cotton with the durability of polyester. this combination makes duracord® all-weather proof and resistant to rot, mold, and mildew. this allows duracord® to have a very long lifespan, even when left outdoors.











durawood® lumber
high-density polyethylene (hdpe) lumber made from recycled plastic. unlike most composite lumber, durawood® contains no waste-wood. it looks like painted wood, but with none of its inherent vulnerabilities to wear, it never requires paint, stain, or sealant. won't rot, splinter, crack, or attract termites, and is easy to clean.











handcrafted in the carolinas
manufactured and assembled in the carolinas using the finest parts and industry leading techniques, by great people right here in the carolinas.





premium quality fabrics
all-weather sunbrella fabric is resistant to rot, mold, and mildew. soft, comfortable feel with a great selection of colors and patterns. all are engineered to combine the highest level of design and performance, and rated up to 98% uv resistant.





low maintenance
our rope and lumber cleans easily while also maintaining long lasting durability through climates including the blazing sun, snowy winters, salt spray, and hefty winds.





innovative design
we design each detail in our products to perform their very best and to last as long as possible. such as our double-latch weave here that we use in our rope hammocks.





safety tested
we rigorously test all of our products for safety. our durawood® furniture have a standard weight capacity of 350lbs., while our hammocks are 450lbs.





sustainability
durawood made from densely compressed recycled plastic. it contains no waste-wood fiber, so it will not absorb any water and won’t rot, splinter or crack. durawood is fade resistant and will never require paint, stain, or any kind of sealant.





warranties & service
because we use high-quality materials, and design each product to last, most of our products have long warranties. sometimes lifetime. if you ever do have an issue, we're always here to help.








about ths
today the hammock source is the world's largest manufacturer and seller of hammocks.
our name makes it pretty clear: we do hammocks. handcraft them to be exact, and not just a few: the hammock source is the largest manufacturer and seller of hammocks in the world. based in greenville, in eastern north carolina, the hammock source began business over 50 years ago under the name of hatteras hammocks, and throughout the years we've become a lot more than hammocks. today, hatteras is just one of several exceptional successful brands of outdoor-relaxation products that together make up the hammock source, and that has helped turn this family company begun by walter r. perkins in 1971 into a global leader in the causal-furniture and casual-accessories industry.











walter r. perkins jr. - 1971









walter r. perkins iii & walter r. perkins jr.









relaxation, redefined
at the hammock source, we're not just for hammocks anymore.
over the past few years, we’ve begun applying our generations of expertise in the art of hammock crafting to the overall experience of outdoor relaxation. in doing so, we’ve quietly become the source for a whole lifestyle of leisure. the exceptional brands under the hammock source umbrella now encompass hand-hooked outdoor rugs of uncanny durability and uncommon design.
so we're hardly just the go-to source for quality hammocks anymore! think of us, instead, as your source for relaxation, redefined.











ronald reagan on the pawleys island original®









a hammock weaver

















home

partner information

contact ths





join our yardsale email list:
 


 






 







copyright © the hammock source 2020


privacy policy 
vendor login / info
















