


maui eco friendly car rentals near ogg kahului airport









maui car rentals that are eco friendly!



eco friendly car rental maui hawaii




email
rental car availability
rental car confirmation form


808-873-6121



 

kahului maui airport and cruiseship car rentals. ogg. support small green and local businesses!

best car rental company on maui!
bio-beetle eco rental cars you’re not just renting a car.
you can do something about climate change while on vacation on maui!
rent a car on maui that gets over 60 mpg! save big on gas! 
or rent a car that doesn't even use gas! maui ev rentals! electric car rentals on maui!
regular rental cars; suvs, hatchbacks, sedans...  just a lot better gas mileage!p>

prius hybrids, biodiesel cars, and 100% electric ev rental cars on maui!
 2019 camry hybrid!
great fuel economy!
our eco friendly rental car prices are very competitive! prices vary for different vehicles, and dates such as holidays, events, and busy times for rental cars on maui.
click here to request a quote

local, family owned business since 2003!
have questions? ask ! we are here to help make your rental car and your maui vacation a great one!

save $$ in fuel!50+ mpg! other rental car businesses cars average under 20 mpg!
very convenient rental car pickup on maui, no buses, no lines...
have your reserved maui rental car within 10 minutes at the ogg airport!
closest car rental on maui to kahului harbor and cruise ships!
free overnight parking to cruiseship renters!
need a rental car on maui after hours? no problem!
second driver no extra charge!
free coolers/ beach toys/ etc...
no hidden ogg airport rental car tax!
21 year olds, no extra fees!
and 100% of net proceeds go toward helping animals and the environment!

best value for your money overall. great reviews!
and you are doing something to protect the planet and your kids future! 
do something better for the planet and your family while on maui! 
808-873-6121
click here to request a quote
info@bio-beetle.com
skype: ecorentalcars
    


our eco friendly maui car rentals are better for you and better for the planet!
besides renting eco friendly cars, we are about making everything about our business, and personal lives as green as possible! no green washing! plus, we offer free use of coolers, boogie boards, books, etc... and free overnight parking to cruiseship renters, all to make your trip to maui even better!

we have new and older rental cars available, luxury and economy cars. electric cars and gas hybrid cars too!
2018 tesla model 3, ev, 300 miles; 5 person, 
2021 and 2022 toyota prius hybrid; 5 person, 
the most fuel efficient gas cars available on maui: the most fuel-efficient cars in america.
2021 kia niro lx crossover hybrid suv; 5 person, small suv 
2020 hyandai ioniq; 5 person, 
2021 rav4 hybrid suv rental car larger 5 person suv, the most fuel efficient suv available!
45-70 mpg! prius hybrids four door hatchbacks. toyota prius and prius c and larger camry hybrids.

 and 100% electric  plug in, chevy bolt and nissan leaf, e.v.rental cars! zero emissions! plugs into a standard outlet and 6 fast chargers across the island, and several others on maui.  
 plus




for more information, about us, a maui rental car, or more, see the menu below. review the policy page for more specific information on a maui car rental.

reservation request form
home
who we are
maui car rental policies
electric car rental info
our green celebrities
maui hawaii information
cat charity
in the news
why eco friendly
more links
email






bio-beetle mission statement: our mission is to be the "greenest", and "best", rental car company on the planet.
 



your money stays on maui, supporting the greater good, and, a portion of all our car rentals on maui, goes directly toward helping homeless animals!
 you're not just renting a car! 
we won!! bio-beetle eco rental cars was voted as one of the winners in green americas people and planet awards. fall 2013 thank you to everyone who supports what we do!


maui car rental, bio-beetle, listed in 100 most brilliant companies by entrepreneur magazine, 2011!




 

check out our new website! ecorentalcar.com





bio-beetle eco rental cars
maui car rentals
"you must be the change you wish to see in the world." gandhi

your maui car rental place and so much more


maui bio-beetle eco rental car site map

about us and renting a car.

home
email
who we are
maui reservation request form
reservation request fax
car rental policies
car rental pricing
bio-beetle in the news
original 2003 press release



about our rental cars on maui

why go eco friendly
evs electric rental cars
ev charge stations on maui
printable ev charge station locations



helpful information

maui map to bio-beetle office
map for cruise ship renters
maui driving times



misc. information.

more links
about the cats
our green celebrities
maui hawaii travel information
save an animal non profit
chemical sensitivity and cars
carbon footprints and offsets
eco friendly cars for sale on maui




contact us







fun rental cars and green rental cars on maui!
ogg maui airport car rental.


bio-beetle is the primary donor to save an animal organization.
please send a donation to help save an animal !
   
copyright © since 2003
contact us
bio-beetle eco rental cars, kahului maui hawaii
75 amala place kahului, hi 96732 us
phone: 808-873-6121 website: http://bio-beetle.com/




