





rollx vans: minnesota handicap & wheelchair accessible van dealer





















































































skip to content








 
text us952-592-3208




 
call us800-956-6668




















home
inventory

all wheelchair vans
new minivan
new full-size
used minivan
used full-size
specials


vehicle information

our vehicles
how it works
the process
customization
conversion options
used vans with new conversions
renew by rollx
rollx rxs


services

nationwide service plan
nationwide home delivery
mobility roadside assistance
veteran solutions
demos & test drives
state agency / funding
warranty
trade your vehicle
sell your van


financing

financing options
financing application
extended service contract


resources

buyers guides
why rollx
video library
how to videos
reviews
blog
ambassador refer and earn
safety
faq
service docs & manuals
help hope live


about us

our story
our founder
our team
our partners
our certifications


contact

 

to search this site, enter a search term

submit









call for current offers 800-956-6668 + free nationwide delivery




















800-956-6668


new vans
used vans
minivans
full-size














veteran services












drive from wheelchair












rollx rxs shadow











ada rear entry
















wheelchair van dealer with nationwide delivery
search wheelchair vans for sale including new wheelchair vans and used wheelchair vans for sale and delivered to your door nationwide. explore our current wheelchair van options including side-entry wheelchair vans and rear-entry wheelchair vans.







chrysler wheelchair vans

 safety is our first priority 
 maximum ground clearance 
 smooth ride 
 ultra quiet interior 
 in-floor ramp 


 
												view inventory											






















safety is our priority














smooth ride














in-floor ramp














ultra quiet interior














maximum ground clearance













conveniencenationwide servicetransparencyselectionguaranteefree delivery nationwide
we exist to make your life easier. our sales team takes the time to walk you through the entire purchasing process, including finding the most convenient way for you to get your van after the conversion is completed. that is why at rollx vans we offer two types of mobility van delivery: our home or yours.
you can choose which delivery option works best for you. if you would like to pick up your vehicle we will give you a delivery credit and even pick up your airfare or driving expenses to minnesota for delivery of your wheelchair accessible van. or you can choose our free delivery service. our team continues to offer convenience for our customers by delivering wheelchair vehicles right to their door. that’s right – a factory certified technician brings your completed order right to your door.

watch video


nationwide service
we also offer the most flexible service offering in the industry with at-home service by factory certified technicians throughout most of the u.s. in addition we have a network of over 300 service partners to provide you the most convenient and cost effective plan available. and, with our nationwide 24/7 roadside assistance protection plan, the convenience for our customers experience doesn’t stop.

learn more…

transparency
while our customers know that the safety and quality of our mobility vans speaks for itself, if you haven’t worked with us before you will quickly learn that our team strives to deliver a transparent experience from the first conversation to the last. this starts with listing all wheelchair accessible van pricing on our website, so our customers know what they’re getting right from the very beginning stages of browsing our wheelchair accessible vehicle inventory online. but it doesn’t stop there. our solution based sales team doesn’t make a commission on upselling customers conversion features they don’t need. this means every person you speak to on our team has your best interests in mind, helping you find the best deal for your money and even helping you find any funding assistance you may qualify for. that’s the rollx vans difference.

watch video

selection
we know that finding the perfect wheelchair accessible van is a top priority for our customers. that’s why we make our inventory selection a priority, too. at rollx vans, we are an industry leader in wheelchair accessible vehicle selection. we have the largest onsite inventory of mobility vans available. with our wheelchair accessible van selection you will find:

new or used minivans
new or used full-sized vans
used vehicles with new conversions

but, selection doesn’t stop there. we offer each of our customers the largest selection of conversion features, as well. this includes adaptive driving equipment options like:

ramps and lifts
trackless transfer seats
hand controls
tiedown and securement devices
and, more!


watch video

guarantee
we want you to be thrilled with your wheelchair accessible van purchase. that’s why we offer a 100% money back guarantee upon delivery if our customers aren’t full satisfied with their wheelchair accessible vehicle. it’s also why we offer the longest lasting, most reliable minivan or full size van on the market backed by the best structural warranty in the industry – 7 year/100,000 mile warranty! we know that you will love our wheelchair vehicles, that’s why they come standard with the rollx vans guarantee.

learn more…














customer reviews
over 45 years and 20,000 customers have chosen rollx vans. see what these satisfied customers have to say about us.







mary m.
marathon runner








jack j.
the believe foundation








john i.
veteran

















talk to a conversion specialist today!

contact us
download rollx vans brochure



free delivery nationwide
experience the rollx difference
800-956-6668






800-956-6668
6591 highway 13 w
savage, mn 55378

facebook
instagram
youtube
linkedin
shopping toolshow it works
payment calculator
conversion options
inventorynew inventory
used inventory
minivans inventory
full-size inventory
side-entry inventory
rear-entry inventory
special offers
financingfinancing options
financing application
extended service contract
resourcesreviews
blog
sitemap
 




			    © 2025 rollx vans. all rights reserved. privacy policy | security policy | sitemap 






×
payment calculator





 van cost (minus trade in value):


 loan length in months:


 interest rate:


 monthly payment (calculated):




 only numeric values (no commas), using decimal points where needed. non-numeric
					values will cause errors. 








 






















