








client focused, full service denver, co law firm | fairfield and woods p.c.











































































 ×close




attorneys

services

insights

videos

successes

firm

careers

contact
bill pay





















 
 




let's turn your vision into reality.
fairfield and woods — guiding rocky mountain
businesses to success for 90 years.


attorneys
services
insights













news & insights





press releases






press releases
fairfield and woods elects two new shareholders and three directors for 2025
fairfield and woods is proud to announce the election of two new shareholders and three directors. more >




articles
federal court issues injunction on cta reporting requirements
on december 3, 2024, the united states district court for the eastern district of texas granted a preliminary injunction in texas top cop shop, inc., et al. v. merrick garland, attorney general of the united states, et al., no. 4:24-cv-478 (e.d. tex. filed dec. 3, 2024)  which enjoined the enforcement of the corporate transparency act (31 u.s.c. § 5336)  and the cta’s related reporting rule (31 c.f.r. 1010.380). more >




view all insights


highlighted services









data privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity













real estate

we are widely regarded as one of the preeminent real estate firms in the region. we represent developers, investors, and others in virtually every aspect of real property counsel. more >













wealth planning, trusts, and estates

the broad experience of our wealth planning, trusts, and estates attorneys allows us to provide integrated and comprehensive business... more >




view all services


successes





 rosenberg’s bagels and delicatessen
rosenberg’s bagels and delicatessen, a modern new york-style deli and bagel shop, is quickly becoming a colorado favorite.
read more about rosenberg’s bagels and delicatessen













 shane co.
the brilliance of shane co.'s family-owned jewelry business has resulted not just from its diamonds but also from its growth. tom shane, the third generation of shanes in the jewelry business ...
read more about shane co.



















fairfield and woods is a member firm of meritas, a global alliance of over 7,000 lawyers serving in 170 full-service law firms across more than 70 countries. through meritas, clients seeking legal services can easily connect with pre-qualified legal expertise worldwide. meritas firms are required to participate in ongoing recertification and client satisfaction evaluations. clients who engage a meritas firm can be confident they will receive high quality legal work from firms that are deeply rooted in their local communities.
for direct access to locally based legal expertise worldwide, please visit the meritas website at www.meritas.org.























©2025 fairfield and woods p.c.
attorney advertising

site map | 
           conditions of use | 
           subscribe | 
             careers

designed by herrmann advertising | branding | technology


















