


chippewa valley museum | eau claire, wisconsin history museum










































close 

hours of operation
due to an event in carson park, chippewa valley museum will close at 4pm on friday, october 4th.

monday:
	  		     			
                  closed                  	  		     
tuesday:
	  		      5:00pm - 8:00pm 			
                                  	  		     
wednesday:
	  		      12:00pm - 5:00pm 			
                                  	  		     
thursday:
	  		      12:00pm - 5:00pm 			
                                  	  		     
friday:
	  		      12:00pm - 5:00pm 			
                                  	  		     
saturday:
	  		      10:00am - 5:00pm 			
                                  	  		     
sunday:
	  		     			
                  closed                  	  		     































hours
contact membership museum events folk arts festival book club calendar get involved membership donate planned giving corporate support volunteer donate 






















visit virtual tour hours & admission group tours field trips private events wisconsin logging museum ice cream parlor explore museum exhibits historic buildings carson park virtual exhibits l.g. arnold, inc. storymap learn & teach research & photo library history kits museum collections associated organizations kids' programs teen guides about news faqs mission & history staff & board employment & internships cv museum foundation 2023 annual report store calendar 



























adventures

in
history
at the chippewa valley museum










visit


view our hours



explore below













folk arts festival
coming saturday february 22, 2025,noon - 5:00pm
discover a vibrant world of folk arts & culture with live demonstrations and hands-on activities. talk with people in the know about things like fiber arts, wood turning and wood carving, beekeeping, puppetry, beadwork, blacksmithing, and more.
tickets & info












can't make it in today?
make a sneak peak visit with your phone, tablet, or desktop/laptop with our 360° virtual tour.
hope to see you soon.
take the 360° virtual tour












send us questions
we're working to inspire curiosity by collecting, preserving, and sharing our region's history and culture. feel free to contact us with questions., and we'll get back to you with an answer.  or, use our  contact form










the chippewa valley museum — a place to be curious, seek connection, and be inspired. we tell surprising, entertaining, and authentic stories to illuminate wisconsin's chippewa valley for those near and far, and help tell the larger story of america.
let’s explore together. 




visit the museum




today at the museum
programs and activities





hours and admission
view the museum






360 tour
navigate the museum



1204 e. half moon drive eau claire, wi 54703  view directions




explore our exhibits
our galleries tell the stories of significant events in the chippewa valley and create 
		distinct and intentional dialogues about objects, individuals, and history. 





reinventing the chippewa valleychanging currents






a century of changefarm life






have you heard & this dayfarmhouse theater






hmong in eau claire web exhibit






a fantasy in miniaturekate aitken’s dollhouse






closed for the seasonwisconsin logging museum & logging camp








connect with cv museum




use hashtag #cvmuseum to join the conversation!

send us a message!







 





								stay in the loop
							
sign up for our newsletter



thank you for signing up for our newsletter!
stay tuned to see what's happening at cv museum.













field trips group tours private events news faqs volunteer employment & internships member login donate contact store 






view our hours  1204 e. half moon drive (carson park) eau claire, wi 54703 (715) 834-7871 getting here  















privacy and donations refund policy
terms of use

© 2025 chippewa valley museum. all rights reserved  501(c) 3 non-profit organization









powered by:














