










home - national association of the remodeling industry





















































  





















skip to content































 
member logincontact usjoin now!











facebook





twitter





pinterest





instagram





linkedin





youtube
















menu 
about us about nari strategic plan leadership committees events nari blog contact usmember directoryhomeowners membership directorymembers legislative update newsletter issues member benefits member resources member application member login sponsorships certifications job postingsroty awards roty awards – virtual submission review what is a roty award? submit a roty winning roty projectsnari cares nari cares scholarshipsmsp home tour








 















 
 


 
nor-son custom builders
 


 
edgework design build
 


 
stier design build
 


 
gordon james
 






























thank you to our sponsors!





























mark your calendar










view all events










































 
nari-mn blog 
view the nari-mn blog and receive member updates, industry updates, and all things nari!
learn more 



















 
thank you to our sponsors! 
looking to become a sponsor? click here for details or contact us.
 



















 
the msp home tour 
looking for more information on the msp home tour?  visit our web page, www.msphometour.com.  the 2025 msp home tour runs april 26-27.
 



















 
get your certifications now! 
becoming a certified nari professional provides members with an opportunity to stand out in the field.  "80 percent of consumers would choose a remodeling professional who is certified over one who is not."  certified contracts are worth the investment, providing the expertise homeowners can count on.
learn more about nari certifications 



















 
get inspired gallery 
view amazing pictures of nari of mn member projects for inspiration on your next home project.
see more 













thank you to our quarterly media sponsor!
















nari mn





welcome our newest nari members!





















 












© 2025 national association of the remodeling industry
 | 
site by growthzone












proudly serving minnesota and the western edge of wisconsin since 1983.




















nari of minnesota













275 market st. suite 514  |  minneapolis , mn 55405 














(612) 332-6274 














info@narimn.org 










facebook





twitter





pinterest





instagram





youtube








privacy policy
terms of service




















 © 

 national association of the remodeling industry.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 

















