     bmw dealership in fresno ca | serving fresno and mayfair | bmw fresno                                                                                            welcome to bmw fresno   certified center            sales559-206-0011  service559-206-1618  parts559-206-5361     7171 n palm ave fresno, ca 93650 directions                        bmw fresno                     sales559-206-0011    service559-206-1618    parts559-206-5361             7171 n palm ave fresno, ca 93650 directions                   home   new   new vehicles   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   my bmw app   bmw m5 sedan   the bmw m5 touring   bmw military program   shop and buy online     electric   bmw ev lifestyle   bmw electric models     bmw certified and pre-owned   certified pre-owned   bmw certified offers   pre-owned vehicles   vehicles under 35k   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   under 20k miles   we will buy your car     specials   specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   bmw military program   the bmw college graduate program     service & parts   service department   order parts   fastservice   bmw roadside assistance   tire center   bmw accessories   schedule service   service estimator    parts center   bmw value service      finance department   finance department   get pre-approved   payment calculator   bmw finance & lease offers   bmw financial services     about us   our dealership   hours & directions   contact us   careers   meet our staff   leave us a review   in our community   our blog                     home   new   new vehicles   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   my bmw app   bmw m5 sedan   the bmw m5 touring   bmw military program   shop and buy online     electric   bmw ev lifestyle   bmw electric models     bmw certified and pre-owned   certified pre-owned   bmw certified offers   pre-owned vehicles   vehicles under 35k   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   under 20k miles   we will buy your car     specials   specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   bmw military program   the bmw college graduate program     service & parts   service department   order parts   fastservice   bmw roadside assistance   tire center   bmw accessories   schedule service   service estimator    parts center   bmw value service      finance department   finance department   get pre-approved   payment calculator   bmw finance & lease offers   bmw financial services     about us   our dealership   hours & directions   contact us   careers   meet our staff   leave us a review   in our community   our blog               

















    inventory search        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search        buy   finance   lease             minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         






       search new inventory      search used inventory        











lease & financing
 offers















schedule
 service















bmw
 certified















bmw
 electric







            click here for offer details          click here for offer details          click here for offer details          click here for offer details          click here for offer details          click here for offer details                            click here for offer details                                                                               the x3    new pre-owned         the x4    new pre-owned         the x5    new pre-owned         the x6    new pre-owned         the x7    new pre-owned         the 2 series    new pre-owned         the 4 series    new pre-owned         the 5 series    new pre-owned          the 7 series    new pre-owned         the 8 series    new pre-owned         x models    new pre-owned         the z4    new pre-owned         m models    new pre-owned         xm models    new pre-owned         the ix    new pre-owned         the i4    new pre-owned         the i7    new pre-owned            series selector: x3 / x4 / x5 / x6 / x7 / 2 / 4 / 5 /  7 / 8 / z4 / m / xm / ix / i4 / i7                the x3  new pre-owned          new pre-owned         the x4  new pre-owned          new pre-owned         the x5  new pre-owned          new pre-owned         the x6  new pre-owned          new pre-owned         the x7  new pre-owned          new pre-owned         the 2 series  new pre-owned          new pre-owned         the 4 series  new pre-owned          new pre-owned         the 5 series  new pre-owned          new pre-owned          the 7 series  new pre-owned          new pre-owned         the 8 series  new pre-owned          new pre-owned         the z4  new pre-owned          new pre-owned         m models  new pre-owned          new pre-owned         xm models  new pre-owned          new pre-owned         the ix  new pre-owned          new pre-owned         the i4  new pre-owned          new pre-owned         the i7  new pre-owned          new pre-owned       bmw fresno   bmw fresno                   







schedule a test drive












financing












my bmw app



















           schedule service appointment when you own the ultimate driving machine, you should get the service to match. schedule now     original bmw batteries the only way to start. schedule now     bmw value service premium parts & service.powerful value.bmw value service. learn more         

bmw fresno

7171 n palm ave
 fresno, ca 93650

 driving directions

sales
559-206-0011

service
559-206-1618

parts
559-206-5361






   sales      monday 9:00am - 7:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 7:00pm     wednesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 7:00pm    friday 9:00am - 7:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 7:00pm    sunday 10:00am - 6:00pm  lunch at noon -1pm  





     
welcome to bmw fresno


we realize that customers searching for a bmw dealership in fresno are looking for an important aspect: a great car buying experience. that’s why bmw fresno has made well-executed and sincere customer service a top priority. we are focused on not only providing you with a wide and high-quality collection of new bmw and pre-owned cars to choose from, but we make sure that picking auto financing options for your vehicle choice is easy to understand. in addition to financing your new or pre-owned car, bmw fresno offers high-quality bmw auto repairs at our service center, as well as premium car parts for sale. so if you’re looking for a bmw dealer that’s looking to put the customer first, look no further than bmw fresno, your local authorized fresno auto dealer of fine bmw models.





new car dealership in fresno, ca
want a vehicle with style and substance? then take the wheel of one of our german-engineered bmw models in the central valley today. as your local bmw dealer in fresno ca, we have the latest new bmw vehicles readily available, whether you want a high-performance new bmw m2, an electric i3, a sporty z4, a bmw 5 series sedan, or the newest and biggest bmw x7 suv. be sure to also check out our new vehicle specials to get a great offer on your next purchase or lease.
used car dealership in fresno, ca
if a new bmw car isn’t on your radar, we also offer luxury pre-owned bmw cars and suvs, as well as used cars, trucks, and suvs from other vehicle makes, road-tested and ready to go. our bmw auto technicians have made sure each of our pre-owned cars performs with like-new capabilities, and you can save even more with our used vehicle specials. so if you are searching for used car dealerships in fresno that you can rely on, be sure to visit our dealership to satisfy your vehicular needs in madera, fresno, and beyond.



expert bmw service at your local fresno auto dealer
bmw fresno will be there for you even after you drive off the lot in your new or new-to-you vehicle. if your ride needs maintenance in clovis or sanger, our experienced, on-site bmw car repair technicians deliver high-quality service and repairs with the utmost care and respect for your vehicle. bmw fresno customers can always count on us for a fully-stocked inventory of bmw car parts. be sure to check out our parts and service specials to save on maintenance at your local bmw dealer in fresno, ca.
contact bmw fresno today!
reach bmw fresno any time by filling out our contact form, by calling us or visiting the bmw fresno dealership on palm, just north of herndon at 7171 n. palm ave. we look forward to seeing you soon!








find us on
                       

                copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | bmw fresno | 7171 n palm ave, fresno, ca 93650 | sales: 559-206-0011         
















      
       