








	
		new manufactured homes, modular homes sales - silvercrest, skyline & hallmark - southern california, los angeles, san diego, riverside – ma williams
	
	

















































































se habla español!


call us: (951) 926-1581
contact us
login










call us: (951) 926-1581




 menu
 floorplans


 login
home
about us
affordable housing
manufactured, modular, site-built?

why manufactured homes?
why modular homes?


models/floor plans
adu
financing
testimonials
faqs
blog
contact us
 close












					affordable housing you’ll be proud to come home to
				


find homes








price range
low priced homes
moderately priced homes
expensive homes



manufacturers
silvercrest manufactured homes
   kingsbrook
   bradford
   summit
   genesis
skyline manufactured and modular homes
   sunset ridge
   custom villa
   amber cove
   skyliner: fun & easy
   duplex
   victory




3d tour

search










as far as a sales rep, tony was absolutely outstanding! i wouldn't purchase from anyone but ma williams. i really can't say enough about tony. i've never seen a salesman with so much patience and caring ways.
toni c. – lake elsinore, ca




i'm absolutely pleased with our saleswoman, lavon! she provided so much information that has been helpful in my decision on a home. she's been awesome. she even sent me a couple of emails, and she's followed up on everything.
al and edith m. – homeland, ca




"lavon did an amazing job!"
raeann r., hemet




“we’ve worked together since 1988, and they have the right processes in place to help assist their customers in buying silvercrest manufactured homes. they have the ability to match their customer to the correct homes, and more importantly, to the right financing to help them achieve the american dream – home ownership. they’re able to help customers develop their property with the proper utilities, ensure they get the right permits, (and) make sure the home is installed properly, which ultimately leads to happy customers. ma williams’ entire team is extremely professional and simply a pleasure to work with.”
patrick mccarry – mccarry insurance services




hi la von, i haven't decided if i'll go manufactured or site built. pro and cons to both, so trying to determine what's the best fit for our needs. you were definitely the most helpful on the manufactured side!
mr. ream














massive discounts for fast sale!!
  




celebrating 50 years!
fifty years is a long time to be in business. but here we
are.
the world was very different when jeannette “ma” williams began selling manufactured homes back in 1969. there was no internet, no personal computers, and no cell phones. 
all of this technology has changed the way many companies do business. but if we had to explain our continued success, we’d say it’s because we haven’t changed all that much.
learn more about the last 50 years
don’t you deserve a great home?
your new home should be a special place. it’s where you feel safe and comfortable, where you raise your family, and where you’ll create memories that last a lifetime. with ma williams, the dream of quality home ownership has never been easier to achieve. you are sure to find a home you’re going to love, that can be custom designed to fit the needs of your family and your lifestyle.


where will your home go?

if you are like most ma williams customers, you have a location in mind for your home, whether that is a space in a park, or on your own land. we’ll put your home together where you need it to go, whether that requires demolition and removal of an existing home, or any land development necessary prior to new construction. in fact, you can also use the equity in your land for some or all of the down payment on your home. however, if you need help finding property for your home, as real estate brokers we are happy to help you with that as well.


we’ll take care of everything you need

just getting started? not sure how the buying process works? you’ve come to the right place. the folks at ma williams want to make this special moment in your life as easy as possible. we can help you find the right property for your new home, custom design your floor plan, deal with the county or city for permit processing, and get the best financing to fit your needs.


choose your floorplan

we are proud to offer more than 200 floorplans for modular and manufactured homes, ranging from 500 sq. ft. to more than 3,600 sq. ft, from such top manufacturers as silvercrest and skyline. you’re sure to find a model to fit your lifestyle and your budget. whichever model you choose, the ma williams touch means you’re getting not just a house, but a warm, welcoming home.


the basics of manufactured homes and modular homes
at ma williams, we sell homes, not just walls and floors and roofs. our clients don’t live in “manufactured housing” – they live in genuine, inviting homes with all of the personal touches and unique features that make your home truly yours.
however, there may be some confusion over what certain terms mean in our industry. hopefully, this explanation will help make things more clear.
manufactured homes are not “mobile homes,” though people still use that term to describe them. today’s manufactured homes are bigger and more deluxe than ever before, and can be permanently affixed to your property with a foundation like any other home. and since ma williams wouldn’t let anyone live in a home that wasn’t safe, or one they could be proud to wake up in every day, we build all of our homes to meet and many times exceed the high standards established by the us department of housing and urban development.
the problem with the word “manufactured” is it makes houses sound like cookie-cutter boxes that roll off an assembly line. that’s not what we sell. ma williams homes have hundreds of different floor plans and designs of all sizes and types. if you still can’t find one that works for you let us help you custom design a plan just right for you. you can buy and finance these homes just like you would any site-built dwelling – but at a lower price. find out more manufactured homes from ma williams
modular homes generally cost a little more than manufactured homes, and take a little more time to build. they offer many of the same advantages as manufactured homes, as well as additional financing options such as rental financing. you can still choose from a wide range of interior and exterior appearances, so you’ll get a home that looks and feels just right for you. all of our modular homes are built to international building code (ibc). find out more about our modular homes.
cities served
ma williams manufactured homes, inc. has helped thousands of customers all over southern california.  let us help you with your new home purchase! here are just a few of the counties and cities ma williams serves:

homeland, ca
big bear lake, ca
hesperia, ca
apple valley, ca
riverside, ca
san bernardino, ca
san diego, ca
wildomar, ca
victorville, ca
temecula, ca
murrieta, ca
hemet, ca







©2025 ma williams manufactured homes. all rights reserved.


ma williams manufactured homes - 35325 state highway 74, hemet, ca 92545-3411 phone: (951) 926-1581 terms and conditions privacy policy










"ma" williams manufactured and modular homes
✖




a+
on a scale of a+ to f


reviewed, evaluated and accreditedmeets all 26 standards of accreditation
bbb accredited since 3/1/1984


click here for bbb business report on "ma" williams manufactured and modular homes

bbb accredited: 
bbb rating as of: 







