





overcome dyslexia, attention deficit disorder or attention deficit
hyperactivity disorder ( add adhd) and other learning disabilities












		sharper minds®
think better! live better!overcome reading and 
		learning problems, add/adhd !call us at 1-866-help-a.d.d. [435-7233]


contact us



 

home page
overview
testimonials & reviews
radio & videos
articles
testing & evaltraining parents teachers 
doctors
locationshistory
contents
contact us
autism

add/adhd, dyslexia
frequently asked questions (faqs)
overviewtesting
long distance clients




add / 
			adhd, dyslexia.  it's a family issue.   improve 
			grades and self-esteem.  evaluation and non-drug therapy that 
			really works!





visit our new website at www.sharperminds.net.
please be patient as it loads.

if you are looking for a drug-free alternative treatment for dyslexia, learning disabilities,
attention deficit disorder
(add/adhd), accelerating mental performance, or reversing the mental aging process then you have come to the right
place!  if you are an athlete looking to enhance the mental aspect of
your game, we can help you too!


so effective, we offer a guarantee on our top program option.

download
a short radio interview while you
browse (4 mb mp3)


sharper
      minds specializes in a  lasting treatment or therapy for most
      processing inabilities such as dyslexia, reading or learning problems, attention deficit disorder (add),
      and attention
      deficit hyperactivity disorder (adhd) for both children and adults. 
      it has also proven very effective with seniors wishing to reverse or slow
      down the mental aging process.
 the mental skills training is a  proven alternative to conventional
      medications often prescribed for these conditions and is effective with
      both children and adults.  it's so effective, we offer a guarantee on our
      ultimate program option.
the sharper minds® program  addresses the root cause of
      most processing deficiencies, the inadequacy of certain areas or cortices of the brain, esp. those in the left hemisphere (the
      side that deals with words, basic math, accurate listening and much more).  sharper
      minds utilizes a clinically-proven series of physical
      and whole-brain mental exercises that target the visual, listening,
      reading, sensory-motor functions, balance and connective systems of the
      mind to increase brain processing speed and efficiency.
these exercises stimulate new neuron and neural pathway development.
      the added functionality compensates for the deficient regions that are
      causing the behavioral and cognitive dysfunctions. the intelligence of a
      child or an adult can be optimized.  grades, behavior, attention span,
      work productivity and relationships can all dramatically improve!
  a 2006 study of our program graduates (84 sample size) showed the
      following (these are real statistics):

those that struggled with  reading improved from 2-9 reading grade
          levels over the course of the program.  the
          average was 3.4 reading grade levels.  the greater the discrepancy,
          the bigger the improvement. click
          here for case studies and charts showing real reading improvements.
 substantial
      reduction and/or elimination of many of the symptoms of dyslexia and adhd.
of those that began the program on a psychostimulant medication,
          100% were able to  discontinue those meds (prior study ran 81%).
those with auditory processing challenges saw those challenges
          eliminated (i.e. they could listen clearly and had better auditory
          memory afterwards).

in a 2023 analysis of the most
      recent 16 cognitively challenged students that completed the sharper minds
      program, the average reading speed was around 500 words per minute,
      substantially more than the 188 words per minute average for the top 25%
      of readers from 4th through high school. their 13 siblings without
      cognitive challenges who completed the sharper minds program averaged a
      reading speed of 950 words per minute, nearly 5 times the top 25th
      percentile rate! see a letter
      to schools with graphs showing these wonderful results.


we invite you to embark on an informative and hope creating journey by
following the available links on this site.  we recommend that you start
with the overview and testimonial
sections  and also listen to several radio talk shows and/or watch the online informational
and testimonial
videos.  
if you are local to the dallas/fort worth
      area, we offer several informative evaluation options at your
home ranging from $345 to $695.

our basic testing is most appropriate for kindergarten through
          10th or 11th students.
our comprehensive testing is most appropriate for
          11th and 12th grade high school students (seeking accommodations) or college students and
          adults.

the basic evaluation can be upgraded to include a detailed
report with our findings and recommended accommodations.  the 
      comprehensive evaluation report also includes the diagnosis codes and is
      reviewed and signed by the medical doctor who helped develop the
testing protocol. 
if the testing is just for your personal
      knowledge and you don't need a detailed report, we recommend the basic
      evaluation and invest the difference towards resolving the problems.  please
      call and let us know what you are looking for from the testing, and we
      can guide you to the right option.
the proven sharper minds program is affordable for most
families. program options (which cover up to
two children/individuals) range from $995 to $1525 down* (depending on the
equipment and add-on modules), then $185/month.* we encourage you to research the program's effectiveness via this
site or call us and we can email you additional information.
we can easily work with english-speaking families throughout the usa
      and canada (to landlines or cell phones), and to  international
      locations providing you have facebook messenger, whatsapp or similar.
how much could you or your student benefit
      from mental skills training?  what would be the optimal performance
      that could be achieved?  until you've developed a "sharper
      mind," you haven't developed the best!
think better - live
      better!
call
      to discuss your situation!
*plus sales tax on the equipment portion of the fee,
the first month's services and
shipping/ handling as appropriate. monthly payment is ongoing until the
program is completed. fees are subject to change without notice.
 



if your vision
is for a year, plant wheat.
if your vision is for a decade, plant trees.
if your vision is for a lifetime, plant children.
               
-
old chinese proverb

home  |  overview 
  |  info video  |  testimonials  |  testing
 |  training  |  parents
teachers
  |  doctors   |  center locations  |  search  
|  feedback  |  faqs  
|  privacy policy
in the news   |  site map/contents   |  articles  | 
company
info
terms
of use
questions
or comments about this web site?
copyright © 2001-2019 sharper minds
 

for
search engines only



