







the cotton gin offers unique outer banks, nc coastal treasures






















































0








        skip to content
      


































        visit
      



        about
      













                    shop
                  






open menu
close menu
















open menu
close menu

















                    shop
                  

























        visit
      



        about
      




















                  visit
                





                  about
                






                shop
              

































coastal style



easy, breezy, casual and fun.







          i got it at the gin
        

           •
        











i got it at the gin
 •










        i got it at the gin  • 
      






experience the magic of the outer banks when you shop our coastal and nautical collections featuring home decor, accessories, gifts and jewelry as well as beachside fashions for the whole family.

















discover our top brands





























vineyard vines
"every day should feel this good!" in an outer banks vineyard vines tee - exclusive to the cotton gin.











pandora
explore an extensive collection of pandora jewelry including bracelets, earrings, necklaces, rings and charms, as well as our signature outer banks charms - available only at the cotton gin.











vera bradley
from perennial favorites to the newest styles and patterns, the cotton gin offers boundless, must-have options from vera bradley's latest collections.











hey dude
an everyday look that's always up for adventure!  give your feet the comfy love they need in a pair of hey dude shoes.  the cotton gin has a wide selection of hey dude shoes for the whole family.











southern tide
classic coastal apparel for weekend getaways, southern tide clothing conveys timeless, versatile, and essential looks for him and her.











katin
katin is an original surf company and lifestyle brand dedicated to quality, durability and good looks. “see you out there!”











scout bags
make scout bags a part of your lifestyle - discover many colorful styles perfect for rebooting your daily routines, reorganizing your spaces, and prepping for travel to the obx!











mud pie
soak up the little moments all season long with easy beach clothes and accessories for women.  the cotton gin also carries mud pie home decor and seasonal items that make perfect gifts for family and friends.






















































































what’s new at the cotton gin?



we are constantly searching for and introducing new and exciting products.





















brighton

discover the new coastal collections from brighton - the must-have jewelry, sunglasses, and handbags for the spring and summer seasons.











c&f home

c&f home offers quality bedding, table linens, kitchen towels and home decor in fun, vibrant, coastal themes.











lemon jelly

a portuguese brand that embraces sustainability, lemon jelly shoes are trendy and fun!
























about the cotton gin



most know the cotton gin as a must-stop shop for fine gifts, beachwear, souvenirs and so much more, but this retailer has a long-standing history within the outer banks. a local landmark that holds almost a century of memories, the cotton gin started from humble beginnings and continues to adapt to the times and tourists. tommy wright's family has been in the outer banks for nearly 200 years.









































connect with us



explore
























aboutvisit us

























