







laverne gehman | laverne designs














































































































              portfolio
            

              services
            



              about
            

              contact
            




















































































portfolioservices











aboutcontact










































































 

 client testimonials






testimonials























i have known laverne for many years. his positive attitude and energy…..have always inspired me to be my best, keep positive even in the face of adversity, and to set my mind to achieve great things!  i can say personally that one of the many things that i am thankful for, each day, is laverne!    thanks for the inspiration!russ dugandugan custom construction
























“laverne can take any home and make it look like a model”tbclient fiddlers creek
























“i could have checked all boxes for top attributes. laverne has a talent for identifying the essence of classic design that is most suited for each client. he helped to remake our then 20-year-old house (built and inhabited by previous owners) into "our home" -- both inside and out. his products (creative design, furniture, materials, etc.) are top quality at competitive prices. his has an admirable network of craftsmen for construction, carpentry, ceramics, etc. -- all possess the same attributes as laverne. laverne would be my "first to go to" choice if i had another home decorating or renovation project.”  fs
























“i have worked with laverne on three different homes that i have owned. he was outstanding to work with in my first home (remodel) and in 2 other homes (spec homes already built). he has a very good eye and took the time to understand our style. after the first house, i was able to say "laverne, what do you recommend?" and simply wait for him to show us his recommendations. laverne is someone who i recommend to anyone who is looking for design ideas and any other interior needs. there is no one i trust more.” te
























in my experience with laverne, he first listened to the direction i wanted to take a room both in function and style.  he then offered many options with a range of styles, prices and quality. he always has a way of encouraging me out of my comfort zone, which always resulted in my loving the finished work.i have always appreciated his accountability and i have always appreciated the quality he provides in furnishings, and his personal style, that he modifies to fit my personality and tastes.  he brings beauty to every room he makes.c. k.
























“decorated my office and my home. did excellent work on both. very talented and knowledgeable.” cs
























"laverne is a highly, detailed and very creative interior designer who always provides great ideas that he executes with a professional yet personal flair!”  kf
























"laverne has a terrific eye for high end furniture, and as an experienced buyer and designer he has the ability to create sophisticated, upscale room designs. was a pleasure to work with.”  rl
























“laverne has been personable, as well as helpful in our decorating and furniture needs. i would definitely use laverne’s services again.” dj
























“there are no other professionals in the business world than laverne who can get higher marks on all fronts. from personality, follow through, integrity, humor, creative, responsible, focused and goal-driven. i would recommend laverne in any service that he provides. not even a second of hesitation for me.” ef
























“laverne does a fabulous job. he gives an expert appraisal, an accurate, fair estimate, comes when he says he will, and produces results better than you ever expected. he even calls you when his project is complete, to make sure you are satisfied. i can't tell you how happy i am that i found him.” jp
























“laverne was highly recommended to my wife and i when we built a new home. laverne's design and implementation exceeded our expectations and we would not hesitateit to recommend laverne to anyone who desires to have a beautiful home at a reasonable price.” cs
























"awesome website. i hope everyone gets to experience you're expertise in design and quality. you truly are the best of the best. we are so honored to call you our friend not to mention all that you have done to make our home so gorgeous. i highly recommend laverne & treehouse assoc. for all of your decorating needs."tl











 






home 1



home 2













































© 2023 laverne designs






















