









directories









direct resources
c19th trades directories: a resource for
family historians, local historians and education.  
these materials are prepared and maintained
by dr david foster. 
this site has several key pages, click a link
below for more information:



index


range.htm


census.htm


 




this page: general information about the project


all the settlements covered in this project


sample of census data processed


 






family history
local historians and members of the public
researching family history have always found trade directories of the c18th
& c19th to be an invaluable source of information about the local
community. most directories contain information about the history and geography
of an area . but it is the wealth of detail concerning the people who inhabit
the directories' pages which attract most of today's readers.
principal inhabitants
by no means comprehensive, the directories set
out to record the "principal inhabitants" of a community, those in
trade, or those affluent enough to be recognised as the important people in the
community, such as the gentry or clerics, professionals etc. the ordinary men
& women in a community rarely figure in these directories .
rare, and expensive
directories can be found in the local history
section of many county libraries, and most county archives keep copies of the directories
for their immediate areas. directories may be found in bookshops specialising
in rare or second-hand books, but as they are quite rare, they are also quite
expensive. 
 
commercial purposes 
the directories have been compared to the phone
books or yellow pages which we use today to find out information in order to
save us time and effort, there are similarities, but there are also significant
differences. directories were put together by individuals for commercial
purposes at almost random intervals during the late c18th and c19th. there must
always be a question mark over the inclusion or exclusion of information. we
shall never know the precise relationship between an entry in the directory,
say of a business, and the payment to the author of the directory of a
subscription for that publication. if someone refused to pay, did their
business disappear from the list ? 
 
cross-checking
there is no certainty, therefore, that the
information they contain is either comprehensive or accurate, such information
should always be cross-checked with other local sources such as parish records
or the census returns to establish as far as possible what the real situation
was at the time when the directory was complied.
 
local history
subject to these limitations, directories are
available to the local historian, family historian or anyone else with an
interest the local community in the past. however, the information is not
always in a very user-friendly format. the print is often very small and hard
to read owing to the ageing process of the ink and paper, the directory may be
in alphabetical order as far as the "principal inhabitants" are
concerned, but the listing then usually continues with a list of the
"principal trades and professions" , making it quite difficult to
spot a person's name unless you know their trades or profession. should you
wish to look at the composition of a particular street in one of the later
directories, then you will have a laborious task to scan the whole directory
and make a list yourself. 
 
possibilities of information technology 
thanks to advances in information technology,
it is now possible to use simple databases on personal computers to re-format
the information contained in the directories , and to perform various searches
and sorts on the information to make the information more accessible. at the
touch of key it is possible to summon all the inhabitants of one street to
appear in alphabetical order on the page, or to select all the people with the
same surname from every trade and profession in the directory, in fact the
possibilities are nearly endless. 



the grand design ?
i have embarked upon a project to place on the
computer all the counties of britain and the most significant towns and cities from those
counties at or around the year 1848, in a series of databases compatible with ms works. or in text
files capable of being read by programmes such as excel . all 40 english
counties have been covered in their entirety using a variety of directories. to
date, more than 6460 english towns & cities and 926,681 individual records
have been processed.
in addition both north and south wales,
plus the isle of man, ireland
have been processed in their entirety with every settlement turned into a
database. some counties of low land scotland
have been processed too, and the rest will be completed eventually.  thus far 1,162,400  individual records have been processed.
for the range covered so far, click range.htm 
for an example of one street from leeds
in 1847 click here brig.htm
see the carlisle
page for an example of the project in action click carlisle.htm


a typical advertisement from the directories
(07/11/21) last updated)
i intend to make these resources available to
schools, colleges, universities and other interested parties.
if you are interested e mail me at david@direct-resources.uk.com



other projects include : 
a phd thesis completed in december 2002 at the university of exeter based
upon trades directories and women's work entitled: 
albion's sisters: a study of trades directories
and female economic participation in the mid-nineteenth century
abstract 
this thesis is based upon a study of a large database of materials extracted
from mid c19th trades directories constructed by the present author. in total
over 450,000 records were processed from 626 settlements and placed into a five
field database covering all 40 english counties the reliability and the uses to
which the directories are put to are explored along with an investigation of
the various methods for linking records both with and without computers. a
record linkage study is described, using materials from the author's directory
database and a database constructed from census material. a description of the
processes involved in creating the database is given, with examples of its
coverage across all 40 english counties. a central theme of the thesis is the
economic participation of women in the mid c19th economy, and to that end, a
selection of relevant historical studies of women's involvement in the economy
is discussed. a chapter of the thesis is devoted to a detailed investigation of
the presence of women in the directories. chapter 8 uses the raw data from the
directories' database and selects from it all the occupations noted against
women's names. this data is collated and examined county by county to assess to
what extent assumptions about "women's work" are confirmed by the
information contained in the directories. in addition, a booth armstrong
classification system is applied to the women's data and conclusions are drawn
from it. 



botchergate 
a snapshot of botchergate one of carlisle's thoroughfares arranged into a
database from the 1851 census. this should give you an idea of how to construct
a simple database of census material. 
many family history societies produce transcripts of local censuses, but few
have been compiled into machine searchable data sets. perhaps this will inspire
you to help your local family history society.
click census.htm
(nb this is merely a sample of
the whole data set)



shipping at carlisle in 1828 
another idea for a project ! here is a list of all the 39 ships registered
at carlisle in 1829. the full data set is available with cargoes and students
work sheets. for a sample of this project click shipname.htm
for one ship’s details from the register click ship.htm
(nb this is merely a sample of the whole data set)
 
 
 



