








social security disability attorney group in san diego




























































call now for a free consultation
 619.737.2157
no win - no  fee

 
 


primary menu
skip to content
home
ssdi overview
disability
how to apply
social security disability appeal
faqs
about
contact
 

 






injured, confused, looking for help?let us take it from here
facts about filing for social security disability insurance (ssdi)

you must have enough work credits to qualify for ssdi
you must not be currently participating in substantial gainful employment
you must be suffering from a “severe” medical condition, either mental or physical
your medical condition must be found on the list of disabling conditions
you must not be able to perform the same activities before you experienced your physical or mental disability
you must not be able to perform any work duties at all
you must be unable to work anymore and contribute to the economy




 










request free consultation
 se habla español



select your type of casepersonal injuryworkers compensationconstruction accidentsback & neck inuriesshoulder & elbow injurieshand injuriesknee, anckle % feet injuryindependent medical reviewhead & brain injuriescarpal tunnel injuryrsd-crpscarpal tunnel syndromehearing losschemical exposurestress casesdenied casesdelayed casesfiling a claim

i have read the legal notice







 




search for:



 







san diego social security disability insurance attorney




social security disability insurance attorney in san diego
although most people don’t think they’ll end up suffering from a disability, the chances of acquiring a disability are much greater than most people think. more than one in four 20-year-olds will become disabled before age 67, reports several studies. sadly, the majority of working individuals are unprepared financially to face the negative effects associated with a disability.
if a mental or physical disability is preventing you from working, you may be able to get help through the social security disability insurance (di) program. one of the largest federal programs providing help for people with disabilities, the ssdi program can be a source of much needed financial assistance for you and your family.
ssdi lawyer in san diego
the skilled ssdi attorneys at the social security disability attorney group understand how emotionally, physically, and financially hard it can be to deal with a disability. they have helped numerous disabled individuals throughout the county navigate the challenging social security program to get benefits for basic living expenses and medical bills.
please keep in mind, as easy as it may have been to apply for benefits, it is not always as easy getting benefits. in fact, the social security administration (ssa) denies many first time applicants. if you would like to learn more about the ssdi program and how an ethical disability insurance lawyer in in our group can put their years of legal experience to work for you, please contact our office as soon as possible.
ssdi attorneys in san diego
who can get social security disability benefits? certain members of your family may be able to get ssdi benefits as well. the ssa may give benefits to:

your spouse (if 62 or older)
your spouse if caring for a disabled child or a child under the age of 16
your unmarried child (if 18 years or younger)
your unmarried child if 18 years of older and also suffering from a disability
your divorced spouse if 62 or older and unmarried (min of 10 years marriage to qualify)

at social security disability attorney group, the experienced disability attorneys know you probably have a lot of questions about getting benefits. they can provide answers to your pressing questions; so don’t wait to schedule a free case consultation. the dedicated ssdi lawyers we work with are well versed in the application process and can make sure your application is submitted correctly and on time.
ssdi lawyers in san diego
suffering from a disability does not automatically qualify you for ssdi benefits. your work history must meet certain qualifications and your disability must meet the ssa’s list of qualifying conditions. to learn what your legal rights are and if you qualify for disability benefits, please call 619-737-2157 right now. a social security disability attorney group member will return your call promptly and get you connected with a top ssdi attorney immediately. the first consultation is free and every case is taken on a no win, no fee guarantee.






services


chula vista
clairemont
el cajon
la mesa
lakeside
national city
santee
spring valley
 












tell us about your case
please fill out the form below & a legal professional will get back to you within 30 minutes
*all fields are required

 















select your type of casepersonal injuryworkers compensationconstruction accidentsback & neck inuriesshoulder & elbow injurieshand injuriesknee, anckle % feet injuryindependent medical reviewhead & brain injuriescarpal tunnel injuryrsd-crpscarpal tunnel syndromehearing losschemical exposurestress casesdenied casesdelayed casesfiling a claim



i have read the legal notice








home
ssdi overview
disability
how to apply
social security disability appeal
faqs
about
contact


get directions
disability attorney group

3111 camino del rio north suite #400
san diego, ca 92108




 619-737-2157
 info@ssdisability.net




you have questions? we have answers!






© 2016 - san diego disability attorney group | privacy policy  | legal notice


 

proudly powered by wordpress











 

homessdi overviewdisabilityhow to applysocial security disability appealfaqsaboutcontact 













