





locos mocos — we fix stuff free!





































 
















locos mocos
we fix stuff free!


≡ menu
home
what is locos mocos
gallery





a ride down the peninsula: the men who started a whole new kind of racing




nearly 100 years after the acquisition of california north by the united states the auto club of southern california surveyed mexico’s 1000-mile long baja peninsula in an effort to make a legible road map. while in the process they planted small blue and white baked enamel signs along the way directing greenhorn travelers south. (an [...]





end of an era, but not team locos mocos!




the team locos mocos crew has been scattered all over the baja peninsula offering free pit support since 1997. all good things…





2010 locos mocos baja 1000 / baja pits #12 mile 615




when the 2010 baja 1000 map was released and plotted, team locos mocos was contacted by baja…





lm doubles up serving food for “dezert people 8” video premiers!!




locos mocos member and co-founder curtis guise just released the 8th video in his off road series appropriately titled “dezert people 8”. the video is filmed…





mile 128 score baja 500 race report




what breeds a desert racer? i guess we all know that who ever spawned them provided a gene that mandates a never give up…





trailer pics




the new locos mocos trailer.  tested and ready to roll…




next race tecate score baja 500




the map is out and we will head back to the foot of the sierra juarez to a little known and less visited spot called cohobuzo jct. the lmc crew will be running pit number three in the chain of ten world famous baja pits service areas at rm 128. locos mocos is prepared for [...]




mile marker 196 san felipe post race report




  san felipe, b.c. mex. hosts one of the shortest and most relaxing off road races we get to participate in. you can order fresh beach side pina colada’s, walk the shore, eat sea side fish tacos or take an ultra light ride and do free falls with a local guy piloting you. all the [...]




el pollo locos mocos




november 2009 el pollo locos mocos this year at the score baja 1000 we are running a taco stand to generate donations for the castro-limon children’s cancer clinic. this is a cancer treatment center serving orphans and poor kids in baja california that have no health coverage or cannot afford treatment. we’ll set up shop [...]




locos mocos at the baja 2000




locosmocos.com at the baja 2000 november 9-17, 2000 the basic task at hand was to move eleven trucks, one 4-wheel drive toyota van, one dirt bike, one flat bed trailer loaded with spare race tires and equipment, one trailered generator and twenty-three people 600 miles south of san diego to set up a pit for [...]



previous posts



friends & family

baja pits
dezert people video series
goodyear tires
juice designs
karl strauss
off road action
off road warehouse
race-dezert.com
total chaos fabrication








© 2016 locos mocos














