
















official site for wisconsin dells - deals & information




























































































































































































































































skip to global search
skip to content









menu





 
            




things to doeat & drinkshoppingplaces to stayplan your tripfind great dealsfind upcoming events



things to doeat & drinkshoppingplaces to stayplan your tripfind great dealsfind upcoming events








let's make a splash
  
  in wisconsin dells

explore the dells

 







main content

welcome to wisconsin dells
discover wisconsin dells this season, where crisp air and cozy vibes meet endless adventures! explore indoor waterparks, theme parks, live entertainment, ski hills, shopping, food, fun, and more! there’s something for everyone and lodging options to match. plan your winter getaway today.
plan your vacation 


experience wisconsin dells
wisconsin dells isn’t just a place to see, it’s a place to do. explore the winter wonderland, splash around a waterpark, race down a ski hill, or enjoy a wine tasting. the options are endless!
please wait while we gather your results.things to dowaterparkswhat's new in wisconsin dellsthirsty shamrock 5k & pub crawlorder your free 2024 vacation guidevideo toursfind great dealsinstagram

what's your experience look like?

#lovethedells

people are talking...



"wisconsin dells is a city unlike any other in wisconsin. driving around you can see a replica greek coliseum with a hotel inside it, a tourist attraction built to look like an upside down white house and the famous waterslides that twist and turn to create a uniquely wisconsin dells skyline."

- rachael vasquez
  




cozy cabins and magical shorelines await in this midwest state
  
"the dells is also a great place to base yourself to visit state parks in the area."

- cassandra brooklyn
  




19 family vacation ideas your teenagers will love
  
"wisconsin dells is the waterpark capital of the world. families can stay for two weeks and still never ride all the slides."

- katie jackson
  











order your free guide!
check out all that is new! with all there is to see and do in the dells, you'll be thankful to have this informative guide to help make your wisconsin dells vacation better than ever!
order your copy  view online

				please review the information below.  if everything is correct, click “send”.  to go back and edit your entries, click “edit”. 
			error: the following required items were not provided or are in the wrong format.  please provide the required responses and submit again:



e-newsletter


email* 
first name* 
last name* 

lists*
wisconsin dells monthly eguide





 
				
facebook
tiktok
instagram
youtube


blog
contact us








wisconsin dells visitors & convention bureau
701 superior street, po box 390
wisconsin dells, wi 53965-0390
(800) 223-3557
(608) 254-4293 (fax)
 
contact us about us

visitor quick links

waterparks
places to stay
visitor information
order guides
directions
sports
meetings & groups



resources

partnersnet
employment
tourism partner links
media
international student resources




build your trip
take in wild rides, splendid scenery, legendary entertainment, larger-than-life waterslides and even ride a duck.



accessibility informationprivacy policyterms of usesitemap






not finding what you are looking for?

           





            ©2025 wisconsin dells visitor & convention bureau
        

this site is powered by the northwoods titan content management system.








