

















play 82 solitaire games and 30 mahjong games free at solitaire network







"the best free solitaire games online!"- no gimmicks -
















most popular solitaires
play one of our top games now, or scroll down to browse the full selection of 82 of the very best solitaire games, including 15 originals created right here at solitaire network!
klondike flip-3 when people think of solitaire, this is the game they are usually thinking of.
forty thieves this game has quickly become one of the most popular solitaire games of all time.
yukon combines elements from klondike and scorpion. our 3rd most popular game.
scorpion scorpion is one of solitaire network's favorite games.
canfield this one is an all-time classic.
eight off similar to free cell. use the 8 spaces to help you along.
la belle lucie this classic solitaire game allows two redeals. on the last deal you get a free move.
spider 2-suits spider 2-suits is a good challenge but not as hard as regular spider.
free cell use the four free spaces to win every time.








new!   mahjong games


we're excited to add mahjong games to the lineup of great games available at solitaire network!match tiles to eliminate all the tiles from the layout. play all 30 different mahjong layouts!

turtle
spectacles
telstar
barbells
x marks the spot
stealthy
satellite
stadium
integration
blocked path
easy as pie
no entry
speed bumps
guarded pyramid
lock puzzle
formula 1
space travel
stable platform
opposing forces
crest
full view
abundance
hint of trouble
canals
courtyard
dangerous path
think circular
weighty
mask
victory


klondike games
with klondike games you will usually flip through the stock one or three at a time trying to move cards to foundations. movement between columns is allowed when the build rules are followed.
klondike flip-3 probably the best known of all solitaire games, klondike is our #1 game.
klondike flip-1 this variant of klondike plays in the classic style of flipping only a single card at a time.
double klondike twice the klondike fun using two decks! play ace to king to each foundation twice.
klondike garden plays like klondike, but chose any "garden" card instead of flipping through the stock.
canfield solitaire games don't get any more classic than canfield.
double canfield uses the standard 13 cards in the reserve. it is a easier than the 40 card version.
double canfield 40 this second variation of double canfield has a 40-card reserve making it harder.
bristol features a unique rule that flips over three separate cards for each stock click.
flower garden this game is one of our favorites. give this great solitaire a fair try.
fortress uses the unusual rule of building columns up or down in any suit.
four captives one of solitaire network's most popular original games. can you free the four aces?
kansas a solitaire network original. build 4 foundations up and the other 4 down.


scorpion games
scorpion solitaire games are characterized by the ability to pick up any part of a stack of face-up cards and move them all as long as the top card of the stack being moved is allowed to be placed on the bottom card of the second stack.
scorpion quite difficult to win. yet, it is one of solitaire network's most popular games.
simple scorpion since scorpion is difficult to win, we've added this easier variant.
double scorpion the double-deck version of scorpion has twice the sting. twice the fun!
australian patience a nice combination of two other great solitaire games: scorpion and yukon.
double australian patience very challenging! learn the single-deck version first.
yukon a close cousin to klondike and scorpion, yukon is our fourth most popular game.







solitaire network works great on any device. give it a try!



40 thieves games
forty thieves games have become our most played game in terms of total time played. we've researched what we felt were the most fun variants in the genre that added key differences and variety. give each game a try and see which one you like best!
forty thieves this classic version is the most challenging of all of the 40 thieves variants.
squadron three reserve piles may hold 1 card each which makes the classic game more flexible.
three pirates each stock click deals one card to each of 3 discard piles. a great variant!
thieves of egypt build in alternating color and go through the stock 2 times. quite different!
single rail this is the best single deck variant of 40 thieves we could find. challenging!
rank and file build columns in alternating colors and other changes makes this one fun!
josephine a slight change in the classic rules makes this 40 thieves game easier.


tri-peaks games
tri-peaks solitaires are characterized by the playing of cards that are one rank higher or one rank lower than the rank of the previous card played. the game is won if the entire layout can be moved to a single pile.
tri-peaks an all-time favorite! can you deconstruct the 3 pyramid peaks?
tri-peaks garden instead of flipping cards from the stock, pick any card you want from the "garden."
golf solitaire at its simplest. just play cards one higher or lower.
black hole similar to tri-peaks and golf but with more choices to make.


spider games
spider solitaire games all feature the requirement to build sets from king down to ace within the columns. there are no foundations. usually, when a complete set from king to ace is assembled it is removed from the layout.
spider this is one of the all-time classics. patience is a key to winning.
spider-relaxed this version allows building in any suit instead of in the same suit as in standard spider.
spider-easy an easier version that we're sure many players learning to play spider will appreciate.
spider 1-suit if you are having a hard time learning spider, try this one. easy!
spider 2-suits spider 2-suits is a good challenge but not as hard as regular spider.
spiderette this is the standard single-deck version of spider.
will o' the wisp here is an easier variation of spiderette for your solitaire playing pleasure.
land of nod another variant of spiderette, in land of nod, build sets from king thru ace in any suit.


pairing/adding games
for all pairing and adding solitaires, remove two at a time based on adding their ranks together or by matching ranks. in all games of this type you will win if you remove the entire deck from the layout.
pyramid play solitaire network's slightly easier variation of this classic game.
pyramid 2 this is pyramid with most of the randomness removed. it plays like an open puzzle.
pyramid 3 a solitaire network original combining the best elements of pyramid and free cell.
nestor just pair up matching cards. nothing could be easier.
achilles has the unique feature of pairing near-ranked cards. a solitaire network original.
baroness plays like an easier version of pyramid. one column plays a key role in this game.
double baroness this is the two-deck version of baroness. we think this one plays better.
fourteens match two cards that total 14. requires thought to win it.


eliminator games
eliminator solitaires are a diverse group of games. they all have the common trait where the goal is to eliminate all cards one at a time in some manner.
osmosis this very unusual game is difficult to catagorize. see what you think of it.
osmosis peek this variation lets you a peek at all reserve cards and choose your starting card.
tam o'shanter this game is great for when you don't want to think too hard. you get 2 redeals.
blue bonnet similar to tam o'shanter but adds a free move between stock clicks. an sn original.
royal marriage lead the betrothed king of hearts to his queen. will the marriage take place?
accordion the hardest game to win on solitaire network, but our players love the challenge!
colorado a fresh new double-deck game that is similar to strategy and klondike.
calculation exercise your brain in this recent addition to the solitaire network family of games.
aces up with very simple rules, winning is elusive. finish with just aces remaining.
aces up - relaxed an easier version of aces up that allows a one-time move. you decide when to use it.
eliminator six chances to clear the board. this is not as easy as it looks.
strategy another of our personal favorites. the name says it all.
sir tommy this underrated game is very challenging. definitely put this one on your list.







gaps games
gaps solitaire games all have the common trait where the layout must be arranged from left to right and from two to king in the same suit. aces are removed after the shuffle forming gaps in the layout. cards are then moved from any place in the layout to any of the 4 gaps as long as certain rules are observed.
gaps this easy and fun-to-play game has plenty of decisions to make.
unlimited gaps impossible to lose, but still quite fun. see how fast you can complete it.
free parking like gaps with more choices. use cards on both sides of the gaps to make your moves.


shamrocks games
shamrocks solitaire games involve a lot of moving cards back and forth to free up others that can be played to foundations. often, moving a single card will change the availability of many others, thus opening up even more moves. careful planning is a key characteristic of most of these variants.
la belle lucie this classic solitaire game allows two redeals. on the last deal you get a free move.
cruel this solitaire is unusual because you control when and how many times to redeal.
baker's dozen there is plenty of strategy and challenge to this simple game.
box fan similar to la belle lucie. you will enjoy the strategic nuances of this great game.
shamrocks in shamrocks solitaire, no column can hold more than three cards.
grandfather's clock a nice and easy pictoral game for when you are just looking for some light strategy.
beleaguered castle one of our most challenging games, beleaguered castle is a classic.


free cell games
free cell solitaire games are similar to the klondike variants where you must arrange the layout into four foundations from ace to king in the same suit. however, only one card may be moved at a time. since this makes it difficult, these games provide a certain number of reusable open spaces (free cells) that may each hold any one card.
sea towers (aka seahaven towers) is quite a challenge. it will take careful planning to beat it.
penguin one foundation card is buried deep. can you free the "penguin" card and win?
free cell use the four free spaces to win every time.
eight off similar to free cell. use the 8 spaces to help you along.


hand building games
in this section the games are all based on other popular games or sports where the goal is to fulfill the rules of those games in some way. although it is helpful to have a knowledge of the games these solitaires are based on, it is not necessary to enjoy them.
bowling put on your bowling shoes for a full game of bowling solitaire. can you bowl 300?
poker square poker players will enjoy this classic solitaire adaptation. score 100 to win.
blackjack square a solitaire network original. form blackjack hands and score 30 points to win.
cribbage square this game is a good excuse to learn cribbage! score 60 to win.


slider games
slider solitaire games are unique in that you are either placing, removing, or moving cards around within a grid in order to achieve each game's individual goals. usually the location of the cards in relation to each other affect the rules or points earned.
slide this original game could be the most strategic solitaire game ever!
super slide slide columns and rows in four directions. a solitaire network original!
poker slide the best of slide and poker square are combined into this original game. 150 to win.
germaine combine the shuffled layout into one pile using rules similar to tri-peaks.
germaine "2-move" similar to germaine, but with two free moves after each play. careful planning is key.
air lock remove all cards in pairs using many of the same rules as germaine.


specific shuffles!
	
	you can now enter specific winnable shuffles by number!
	how? with the red "winnable shuffles" button checked (top right corner of games,) click "replay" and then "choose winnable shuffle". then you can enter a shuffle number for that game.


			
        you may wish to keep track of the shuffle numbers you've played yourself since the games do not handle that part of it.
        of course, you may continue to play random shuffles and random winnable shuffles just as you always have.
we hope you enjoy this new feature!











faq
privacy
contact
help




solitairenetwork.com and all web apps, web pages, original art and sounds copyright © 2024 by warren schwader. all rights reserved.







