






 



mobile homes and modular homes dealer-ocala custom homes



































































































skip to content



dial  1 (888) 546-4707 now! schedule a tour of our model and design center top menufacebook page opens in new windowx page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new windowyoutube page opens in new window


ocala custom homes
manufactured homes and modular homes in central florida


home about us our homesjacobsen homesjacobsen homes standard features jacobsen photo galleryjacobsen homes exterior photos jacobsen homes interior photos   palm harbor homespalm harbor homes gallery  southern energy homes impact housing prime homes redman homes  our model homeslot models for sale our current models  home financingpre qualify for a home loan home lenders mortgage calculator  faq’slatest newsnewsletter-all lot models for sale! newsletter-impact housing!  hurricane ready finding land mobile home vs modular home stilt homes the modular advantage customization testimonials privacy policy  contact us 




 
home about us our homesjacobsen homesjacobsen homes standard features jacobsen photo galleryjacobsen homes exterior photos jacobsen homes interior photos   palm harbor homespalm harbor homes gallery  southern energy homes impact housing prime homes redman homes  our model homeslot models for sale our current models  home financingpre qualify for a home loan home lenders mortgage calculator  faq’slatest newsnewsletter-all lot models for sale! newsletter-impact housing!  hurricane ready finding land mobile home vs modular home stilt homes the modular advantage customization testimonials privacy policy  contact us 









the dogwood 
							wind zone 3 homes
available for immediate delivery 
							only 4 homes left! 
							the fiesta 
							
the spinnaker 
							the dockside 
							call us for details 
							352-629-3001 
							 


our manufactured homes
are hurricane ready! 
							four major hurricanes decimated our state for more than 45 days in 2004. charlie, frances, ivan and jeanne.  jacobsen manufactured homes holds a very unique distinction among florida manufacturers … they are the only manufacturer with homes built after 1994, that did not suffer any serious structural damage in any one of those storms.  
							hurricane ready info 
							contact us today
 
							
 


from large buildings
to small houses 
							ocala custom homes believes giving honest, straightforward answers to our customers whom truly appreciate being fully informed, treated professionally and fairly, and we make every effort to ensure 100% customer satisfaction. 
							view our homes 
							
contact us today 
							welcome to ocala custom homes
 a jacobsen homes model & design center 
							 


finally, a truly custom manufactured home builder
 
							the only limitation you have is your imagination ...
 
							financing information 
							contact us today
 
							
 


from large buildings
to small houses 
							visit our design & model center today! 
							view our homes 
							
contact us today 
							we are proud to sell the finest
mobile & modular homes
in florida!
 























welcome to ocala custom homes,your modular home and mobile home dealer
full customization available



ocala custom homes prides itself in not only representing the finest manufactured and mobile homes built in the industry but also in the way we do business. our mission at ocala custom homes is to provide our valued customers with all the information they need to make a well informed decision, in a professional manner, without all the fast talk and misinformation commonly associated with our industry. our expert staff offers over 150 years experience in the industry and will spend the time with you, without pressure to find the perfect home for your needs. we strive to be and are in fact a different kind of dealer.


 read more about full customization











some of our manufactured & modular home floorplans




 


imlt-44818b-393 mobile home floor plan1,280 sq. ft. | 3 bedroom | 2 bath | 28′ x 48′







 


tnr-7604 mobile home floor plan2,460 sq. ft. | 4 bedroom | 3 bath | 42′ x 60′







 


tnr-3364 mobile home floor plantnr-3364
912 sq. ft. | 2 bedroom | 2 bath
26′ x 36′







 


tnr-7401 mobile home floor plan1,600 sq. ft. | 2 bedroom | 2 bath | 40′ x 40′







 


tnr-46816w mobile home floor plan1,961 sq. ft. | 3 bedroom | 2 bath | 32′ x 68′







 


the dogwood built for wind zone 3!
1280 sq. ft. | 3 bedrooms | 2 baths







 


imlt-3449b mobile home floor planimlt-3449b
1,174 sq. ft. | 2 bedroom | 2 bath
26′ x 44′







 


imlt-44815b mobile home floor plan1,280 sq. ft. | 3 bedroom | 2 bath | 28′ x 48′







 


imp-2443a mobile home floor planimp-2443a
1,056 sq. ft. | 2 bedroom | 2 bath
24′ x 44′



 view all floorplansneed manufactured or modular home financing?


most people will require some sort of financing when they are purchasing a new home. ocala custom homes understands that getting financing for a home is often the largest obstacle for home buyers, and quite honestly, the largest obstacle for us as a seller of factory built homes. with this in mind, ocala custom homes has teamed up with a handful of lenders who understand our product, market, and most importantly our customers. the team at ocala custom homes are experts in financing and in many cases can get individuals financed that may have been previously turned down.


 manufactured & modular home financing information


 



off frame modular installation on a stem wall foundation

latest news
read more



 



we are excited to offer homes from palm harbor, redman, and prime homes now!

latest news
read more



yes we are open

latest news
read more



 



ask ocala custom homes about the modular advantage!

latest news
read more



 



our annual max your tax savings event!

latest news
read more



 



dont miss our annual huge savings event!

latest news
read more






quality is not expensive,
it's priceless!


our expertise in custom manufactured mobiles, modular and stilt home construction is unparalleled and recognized industrywide. ocala custom homes has seasoned professionals who are familiar and trained in every aspect of your new home process and make every effort to make it a stress free and pleasurable experience. after all, buying a new manufactured, modular or stilt home is exciting!


ever wonder how is a modular home set on foundation?








 



off frame modular installation on a stem wall foundation

latest newsby rajnish kumaraugust 9, 2021
wow! another absolutely beautiful palm harbor home, the tradewinds has arrived at its new home on this magnificent lakefront setting! this triple-wide home was an off frame modular installation on a stem wall foundation, 6 blocks high and went together seamlessly. the stem wall was upgraded to textured concrete blocks and was completed in approximately…

read more



 



we are excited to offer homes from palm harbor, redman, and prime homes now!

latest newsby rajnish kumarnovember 3, 2020
ocala custom homes is thrilled to announce the addition of palm harbor homes, redman homes and prime homes to the list of manufactures offered from our location at 6095 south pine avenue ocala, fl 34480.  palm harbor homes is one of the nation’s largest builders of manufactured homes and modular homes featuring the highest quality…

read more



yes we are open

latest newsby rajnish kumarapril 2, 2020
https://www.ocalacustomhomes.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/american-flag-34151.mp4 yes we are still open 7 days a week!!!our family at ocala custom homes hopes this letter finds all our customers and their families, past, current and future safe and healthy. the nationwide corona virus-related economy is taking its toll and has pushed us all to the ends of our ropes. it’s our hope…

read more



 



ask ocala custom homes about the modular advantage!

latest newsby ocala custom homesjanuary 29, 2020
own a modular home for the same payment as a mobile home! call ocala custom homes to ask about the modular advantage and let us show you the difference!

read more



 



our annual max your tax savings event!

latest newsby ocala custom homesjanuary 12, 2020
max your tax saving event 1 day only! february 29th! wind fm and k- country live radio remotes! banks on site – instant approvals manufactures representatives from jacobsen homes, franklin homes, southern estates, southern energy fun, food, prizes! open 9-5pm!   it’s the ocala custom homes huge annual max your tax sales event february 29th…

read more



 



dont miss our annual huge savings event!

latest newsby ocala custom homesjuly 18, 2019
pre- labor day event 1 day only! august 24th! wind fm and k- country live radio remotes! banks on site – instant approvals manufactures representatives from jacobsen homes, franklin homes, southern estates, southern energy fun, food, prizes! open 9-5pm! contact us today for more information!

read more
mobile home vs modular home
a number of people are unclear as to the difference between a mobile home, also known as a manufactured home, and a modular home… here’s the answer!
 mobile home vs. modular hometestimonials


the people at ocala custom homes made what i had envisioned to be a stressful experience into a very easy process. i can’t believe how easy it was. thank you so much for all your efforts!
 


 

william j. stewart 




boy where to start! first, this dealership is top-shelf! they are professional and i haven’t met any salesman more knowledgeable. my jacobsen is beautiful and my wife loves you guys. make momma happy and everyone’s happy as they say!
 


 

bert & beverly campbell 




will pentenbrink and his team are professional and polite. they made my dream come true! thank you, thank you, thank you!
 


 

alice mayweather 




save your time shopping. there isn’t any need to go elsewhere. will treated me right and my house installation went smoothly. i expected some type of hiccup and we didn’t have one. thanks for all your hard work!
 


 

allen & jenny pasture 




everything was perfect. couldn’t be happier!
 


 

christina woodcount 




if you’re looking to buy a good house at a good price go see these fella’s. they are great and really knowledgeable. they will help you get the house you want.
 


 

tom sinclaire 




i like ocala custom homes. they found me property and sold me a real nice house. roscoe was a lot of help and got me into my house really fast.
 


 

terry deibold 




we went to the jacobsen factory and they referred me to ocala custom homes. i couldn’t be happier with my decision to do business with them. this group is very helpful and make sure you get what you want. i had a lot of options in my new house and they showed me how to save money and still get what i wanted. it’s not often you find a place that will save you money without cutting corners. i recommend them highly!
 


 

jan & steve mcallister 




me and my wife looked all over for ocala for a house. we went to every lot and most of them wouldn’t even give us the time of day. the last place we went was ocala custom homes and i wish we went there first. it would have saved us a lot of time and aggravation. we bought a house that day and love it. everyone there is really nice and know their business. i’ll send all my friends there.
 


 

eugene & kitty smith 




i shopped for months and checked out at least 20 different dealerships and not one came close to the level of service ocala custom homes offers. hats off boys!
 


 

cliff smather 




i love my jacobsen house and can’t wait to move in!
 


 

kate cook 




thank you roscoe for all your hard work!
 


 

jeanne alcott 






check out our model homes or visit our model and design center located at 6095 south pine avenue ocala, fl 34480













who we are … ocala custom homes has more than 24 years of history in ocala which has allowed us to make many friends and dreams become a reality for over 1900 satisfied customers. 
 click to pre- qualify
contact usphone:toll free: 1 (888) 546-4707
local: (352) 629-3001address:6095 south pine avenue
ocala, fl 34480we are open:during daylight savings time:
we close at dusk.
monday - thursday: 9 a.m. to 6 p.m.
friday - saturday: 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
sundays: 12 p.m. to 4 p.m.
closed - christmas, new years,
thanksgiving and easter.find us on:facebook page opens in new windowx page opens in new windowyoutube page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new windowprivacy policy information collection, use, and sharing – we are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. we only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. we will not sell or rent this information to anyone. we will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. we will not share your information with any third party outside of ocala custom homes.

 








					© copyright ocala custom homes, inc. | custom modular & mobile homes in ocala
                

website by: ocala website designs llc 








go to top


translate »


 click to pre- qualify


























































































