












	cesa 10 | where service & leadership unite































            create config
        









page configuration
global configuration



clear
submit






edit
name
description
configiration type
type



































event registration
catalog of services
teaching and learning with technology resources
imc resources

 customer login

accessibility settings
















services


business and other services


backup service (it 1)


software support (infinite campus)


business office services


delivery services (o 1)


partnerships


master teacher substitute teacher training






college and career readiness


college and career readiness (ccr 1)


youth apprenticeship




educational technology


teaching and learning with technology (et 1, et 2, et 3, et 4)


kaltura media space




teaching and learning with technology resources (et 1, et 2, et 3, et 4)


instructional media center (et 5)


imc catalog




e-rate support and technology planning (et 6)


managed information technology services (et7)




facilities management


construction management


environmental health & safety


environmental project consulting


natural gas purchasing


owner’s representative


referendum planning


facility audits




learning services


school improvement services  (ls 1a and ls 1b)


site (school improvement teacher engagement)


essa agreements support for title i, ii, iii, and iv


equity support - core (ls 1e)




special education pupil services


special education leadership (se 1a)


special education leadership (se1a)


new director/designee support (se 1b)




special education staff supports


program consultation and professional coaching (se2d)


professional development (se 2e)




itinerant services


deaf and hard of hearing instructional services (se 4a)


educational interpreter/communications aide (se 4b)


educational audiology - basic services (se 4c)


educational audiology - iep related services (se 4d)


overdrive services (se 4e a)


assistive technology


occupational therapy (se 4e) and physical therapy (se 4f)


vision impaired (se 4g) and orientation and mobility (se 4g(a))


mental health consultant (se 4h)




birth to 3 itinerant services


special education financials


special education  administration/fiscal support(se 2a)


early childhood administration support (se 2b)


sbs/medicaid support (se 2c)




school psychological services


school psychologist services (se 3a)


school psychologist support (se 3b)


virtual clerical services (se 3b (a))


seeds software support (se 3c)




grant and other supports


program support teacher grants


wdpi regional special education network grant (rsn)


wdpi wisconsin statewide parent educator initiative grant (wspei)


wdpi research to practice - inclusive communities grant


wdpi technical assistance (ta) network




in-direct personnel


resources


foster grandparents (se 6)






directory


administration


business services


college & career readiness


educational technology


facilities management


learning services


special education/pupil services




about


superintendents


superintendent meetings




member districts


board of control




employment


contact us





































where service & leadership unite
cooperative educational service agency 10










listen. lead. serve.
cesa 10 makes it possible for schools, regardless of size, to work together to share staff and equipment, save  money, and extend educational opportunities to all children. cesa 10 provides these services without mandates, without levying taxes, and with no state aid. cesa 10 services are accessed by all levels of professional educators, and are adjusted annually to meet the evolving needs of districts.






view upcoming events
 












220+
wisconsin school district partners




50+
programs and services





12
the number of wisconsin cesas being served by cesa 10





29
member districts





285+
customers served statewide and minnesota




85.7%
say cesa 10 is extremely responsive to questions or concerns


become part of the successful cesa 10 family - find out how








cooperative educational service agency 10




















everyone's talking about cesa 10

“i love attending the cesa 10 speech and language pathologist networking meetings!  often times slps are on our own little island within schools. while we work with a variety of staff and students, we are often the only slp within the district. these networking opportunities allow us to come together as a united group. they provide a time for collaboration with others who "speak our language" while growing professionally.”
jess morello, speech/language pathologist, thorp school district



everyone's talking about cesa 10

“in-district personnel services are the only way i can access a highly qualified and effective speech and language pathologist (slp) and school psychologist.  cesa 10 has consistently brought people into our district that have been ready, willing and able to step in and become part of our service team.”
wally leipart, superintendent at gilman school district



everyone's talking about cesa 10

“i have been working alongside cesa 10 staff since our b-3 program began contracting with the agency in the summer of 2011. cesa 10 wholeheartedly supports us in providing quality services for children and their families. team members demonstrate compassion, dedication, and a true commitment to those they serve. they are respectful and professional in all aspects of their day-to-day work and it is a privilege to partner with this outstanding organization.”
julie dodd, buffalo/pepin birth-to-3 coordinator



everyone's talking about cesa 10

“the foster grandparent program keeps my perspective on life positive. i have a purpose, i have worth.  i benefit every day i go to school both mentally and physically.”
millie polinske, foster grandparent for 25 years, osseo elementary



view all testimonials












not finding a service you or your district need? click here to contact us today. 















 
cesa 10 services
view our online catalog of services. you’ll find detailed explanations and benefits of each service.
cesa 10 catalog of services 2024-25
cesa 10 catalog of services 2025-26
 
 
 
customer login and documents











725 west park avenue • chippewa falls, wisconsin 54729 • phone: 715-723-0341








cesa 10 staff

employee access (skyward)
ideal team player resources
cesa 10 email
mailroute login
safeschools login
committees
my learning plan
weau weather closings













copyright 2025 by foremost media
 • dmca copyright policy • equal opportunity statement • limited english proficiency statment • privacy statment • terms of service • website created by foremost media®













