












school of medicine | long school of medicine














      skip to main content
    





 quicklinks



search









covid-19
student covid vaccinations
impact covid magazine
missionrx
newsroom
engaged




logins


canvas
employee email
my ut health
livemail
kronos time and attendance
my student center
ut health learns




find


a to z list
alumni
directories




events


calendars




technology


service desk
password reset
tech zone (computer store)




more


library
bookstore
course catalog
human resources








menu













give






search/quicklinks









home


about us


education


research


faculty


patient care


clinical trials


alumni
















joe r. & teresa lozano long
school of medicine
as the largest health center in south texas, we work together to discover better therapies for all. we train those who deliver these novel therapies in compassionate and comprehensive medical care. our goal is to improve health care one patient at a time.

m.d. admissions











home


about us


education


research


faculty


patient care


clinical trials


alumni

















 









  excellence in education, care and research

our team is dedicated to three missions: educating the next generation of physicians, investigating the causes and cures of disease, and providing cutting edge medical care. we have world-class research and patient care centers focusing on cancer, diabetes, aging, alzheimer’s, substance use, and brain health including traumatic stress disorders.












           
          1100
providers making patients' lives better



           
          250
laboratories discover new ways of treating disease



           
          960
medical students are medicine's next generation




 














read our latest edition of future magazine

researchers at ut health san antonio are working to unravel the intricate complexities of the brain and transform discoveries into groundbreaking treatment and care for the full spectrum of conditions affecting the brain and mind, from neurodegenerative diseases to mental health challenges and addiction recovery.










ut health san antonio schools ranked among best in the nation

the joe r. and teresa lozano long school of medicine was ranked 36th in medical schools training primary care physicians and 50th in research medical schools by u.s. news & world report’s best grad schools for 2024.










ut health san antonio cardio-oncology program recognized as a center of excellence

the cardio-oncology program at the university of texas health science center at san antonio has been recognized by the international cardio-oncology society as a center of excellence.










ut health san antonio, ut rio grande valley selected as nia alzheimer’s disease research center

joining this national network will promote research collaboration, encourage data sharing and open science, and offer information and clinical trials for patients and families affected by alzheimer’s and related dementias. 














  news






msn.com: am i just getting older? how to recognize dementia warning signs vs normal aging
the dallas morning news: am i just getting older? how to recognize dementia warning signs vs normal aging
long covid and the brain: global study links infection to memory loss, higher dementia risk in seniors









view all news





events
























ut health san antonio
joe r. & teresa lozano long school of medicine










                                                                                    7703 floyd curl drive
                                                                                                                  san antonio, 
                                                                                      tx
                                                                                      78229
                                                                                                            map and directions







careers
contact us
compliance hotline
notice of privacy practices
non-discrimination notice
policies












we make lives better ®
the university of texas health science center at san antonio, also called ut health san antonio, is a leading academic health center with a mission to make lives better through excellence in advanced academics, life-saving research and comprehensive clinical care including health, dental and cancer services.









web privacy | links from websites affiliated with ut health's website (uthscsa.edu) to other websites do not constitute or imply university endorsement of those sites, their content, or products and services associated with those sites. the content on this website is intended to be used for informational purposes only. health information on this site is not meant to be used to diagnose or treat conditions. consult a health care provider if you are in need of treatment.














