






laketahoe.com



























































laketahoe.com



home


vacation rentals


extended stays


top 10 things to do


property management















home/
vacation rentals/
extended stays/
top 10 things to do/
property management/

































nature's playground!




lake tahoe - nature's playground!
visit laketahoe.com to browse over 100 vacation rentals where you can stay, read through our top 10 lists for a huge range of activities to do at lake tahoe, and explore our directory that covers everything tahoe!











home/
vacation rentals/
extended stays/
top 10 things to do/
property management/































book a vacation in south lake tahoe today!












check in - check out


guests

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18



search










laketahoe.com is your source for everything tahoe!browse our directory of over 75 vacation and extended stay homes in south lake tahoe.  our property inventory ranges from cabins to condos, beach front to wooded, from one bedrooms to seven bedrooms! spas, boat docks, bbq’s, billiard tables, pet friendly are just some of the amenities you can choose from.we have extensively researched hundreds of activities in lake tahoe and picked the best ones for our top 10 lists. with 18 categories, that including fishing spots, beginner hikes, beaches and dog friendly walks, we are sure you will find something to do! and we have more top 10 lists in the works!our comprehensive directory, that includes dining, nightlife, activities, stores and services, places and weddings is a fantastic resource to find local businesses around lake tahoe.



short term vacation rentals




    search vacation homes
  



looking for a vacation home in south lake tahoe just for the weekend, or a maybe a week?we have a wide range of homes available, which you can search from here.



featured extended stays









4192 saddle road







625 alpine drive







3301 marlette circle







405 ala wai blvd, 180

















about our extended staysexperience the tahoe lifestyle that most only dream about! minimum booking 30 nights.




    more information
  















lake tahoe water activities:boat inspections, rentals and toursall motorized watercraft are required to be inspected for aquatic invasive species (ais) prior to launching into lake tahoe, fallen leaf lake and echo lake. click here for information about boat inspections, fees and launching locations, rentals and boat tours.












1510 wildwood, sitzmark 42  bedroom | 1.5 bath | sleeps 4`





featured extended stayconvenient access to the slopes and a great wooded neighborhood are just two of the benefits of this great condo.  you'll love the the forest views, wood stove and beautiful court yard.  walk to heavenly!2 bedrooms | sleeps 4




    learn more
  



























the top 10 lists!not sure what to do in lake tahoe. here are 180 ideas!from hiking to fishing, beaches to tours, we have 18 top 10 lists that you can use to help plan your perfect lake tahoe vacation.  top ten beginner hikes in lake tahoetop ten fishing spots in lake tahoetop ten places to take your dogtop ten hikes in lake tahoetop ten boat tourstop ten lake tahoe beachestop ten tahoe day tripstop ten lake tahoe summer eventstop ten lake tahoe tourstop ten tahoe golf coursessee all top ten lists!


upgraded home!
this upgraded home is in a perfect location for family and friends. 
with two bedrooms and a huge loft this house can host up to eight guests.
special features include a large forested yard, upgraded decor and a full kitchen.



check availability now!














































 



















 




home/
vacation rentals/
extended stays/
top 10 things to do/
property management/



laketahoe.com









extended stays now available!call for availability(800) 698-2463minimum booking 30 nights



top ten things to do

 -- choose your top ten list -- 
lake tahoe beaches 
fishing spots in lake tahoe
places to go swimming
places in tahoe to take your dog
tahoe golf courses
places to go snorkeling
summer adventure sports
tahoe boat tours
hikes in lake tahoe
fun places for children
tahoe day trips
tahoe spots for gaming
tahoe summer events
places to enjoy fall foliage
top ten lake tahoe tours
places for mountain biking
beginner hikes in lake tahoe
tahoe activities for a rainy day




 




























 






















search rentals | property management | privacy policy | contact laketahoe.com is proudly 100% locally owned and operated in south lake tahoe, californiacopyright ©2024 laketahoe.com, tahoe keys resort and lake tahoe reservations bureau - (800) 698 2463





 

 





