 




springfield ma health law blog | #1 legal resource for healthcare business law











































skip to content 

home
about us
message us
 
 





home
about us
message us
 

 




				blog				 










5 questions to ask your corporate lawyers before starting a business 

starting a new business venture can be an overwhelming undertaking, especially for novice entrepreneurs and first-time owners. working with a qualified attorney can make it much easier to find answers to your most pressing questions. legal guidance is often an essential asset when it comes to avoiding some of the most common and costly missteps that new startups are likely to make.
1. registration and licensing
failing to register or license your new business properly could place you at grave legal risk. costly fines, lawsuits, and other financial penalties can quickly put an end to even the most promising new startups. even seemingly small oversights with registration or licensing may prove to be one of the biggest mistakes new business owners can make.

2. structure, plan, and future growth
a business plan serves as a road map, one that can help to ensure that your new venture is on the path to success. according to scheduling a formal legal consultation is often of paramount importance when it comes to determining the structure of modern business or laying out plans for future growth. business formation attorney, roth fioretti (rothfioretti.com), notes that missteps made during the early planning stages of new business could turn into costly complications in the days ahead.
3. employee obligations
failing to adhere to employment laws can be nothing short of a disaster. lacking a complete understanding of all employee obligations can greatly increase the risk that your new business may be faced with a complaint, suit or other legal action. from healthcare obligations to issues of workplace safety, working with the right lawyer helps to ensure that your future startup will be able to avoid any potential violations or non-compliance issues.
4. intellectual property and trademarks
many new businesses typically have an abundance of new ideas. failing to protect them through a trademark or patent could lead to new startups losing their most precious assets. outlining legal options for protecting all intellectual property, proprietary technology, and even specific workflow processes is never a consideration that should be taken lightly.
5. business contracts
drawing up, reviewing, and signing business contracts is frequently an area of business management that many new entrepreneurs struggle with. failure to read or correctly understand the fine print of a business contract can often be a fatal error. when it comes to dealing with contracts and related issues, both prospective and established business owners alike would be wise to consult with an experienced corporate lawyer.

other concerns that may require legal assistance
there are numerous reasons why entrepreneurs may need to seek out legal help. preparing to sell a startup, acquire an existing business as part of the growth and expansion strategy of a future venture or dealing with the legal issues surrounding environmental regulations or just a few examples of situations where corporate and business attorneys may be able to provide valuable assistance. waiting until after your new business is up and running to address any potential legal issues or concerns could prove to be a more serious oversight than your new venture may be able to afford.



2018-03-252018-03-12 cityofspleave a commentcorporate questionsbusiness, corporate, lawyers, new business, questions, start up 





five biggest employers located in springfield massachusetts 

residents of springfield in massachusetts have many potential job opportunities, but five companies dominate the local economy. these springfield businesses are notable for offering a wide range of different positions. most of these paid positions should come with solid benefits read more …



2018-02-06 cityofspleave a commentspringfield employersbiggest employers, companies, medical, springfield 





top tips for starting a new business in springfield ma 

just like other people around the world, many american citizens aspire to run their own business empires. however, owning a successful business can be a challenge if the business is not established correctly. while each city or state may have read more …



2018-01-31 cityofspleave a commentnew businessnew business, springfield, start up, top tips 




search


search for:






recent posts


5 questions to ask your corporate lawyers before starting a business


five biggest employers located in springfield massachusetts


top tips for starting a new business in springfield ma


sponsored contentfollow us




facebook





twitter





instagram





google+





linkedin



subscribe now


name
email
 subscribing i accept the privacy rules of this site




 

search


search for:




footer linkshome
about us
message us
more info for more information, please use click this link to get in touch with us or email us.
email: businesses@cityofspringfieldmass.com






							© 2025. springfield special. all rights reserved.

			    	



privacy policy















