







renovators-resource.com



















































0








        skip to content
      



























        welcome
      




























open menu
close menu















































        welcome
      









open menu
close menu
























                  welcome
                
















































“nova scotia’s premier architectural salvage company, preserving and enhancing building heritage since 1994.”




    about
  




    social feed
  




    products
  




    refoundry
  




    find us
  








































about uswe are an organization dedicated to salvaging and reselling architectural materials. we collect materials like doors, windows, lighting, hardware, wood, and other items from building that are being demolished or renovated and offer these items for sale to those who which to add a certain juxtaposition to their builds. our mission is to promote sustainability by diverting reusable material from landfills. we aim to do this in an affordable way so that the process can become attractive. this way the reclaimed materials for people woking on restorations, renovations, or even new builds can be competitive with other materials and thus you can have the character of what is reused and won’t break the bank.we strive to become a resource for those looking for unique vintage or environmentally friendly materials for home renovation! therefore our philosophy for over 30 years has been to:repurpose! reuse! recycle! our founding in 1994 by jennifer corson and other likeminded people was a response to the growing amount of waste generated by demolitions in the city of halifax. the passion behind the creation of this business stems from jennifer’s architectural background. she has alway recognized the value of salvaged materials which are often of better quality, unique, and generally irreplaceable.now, with our sister company refoundry, we’re taking it one step further by creating beautiful and functional things from salvaged lunenburg foundry patterns. renovators resource and refoundry are moving in together this year and will be sharing two historic spaces on the historic lunenburg foundry property. please sign up for our quarterly newsletter below to stay up to date on our opening, special events, sales and more! we can’t wait to see you in our new space soon!it all begins with an idea. let’s make it happen!




















































check us out on social media!we update our inventory on our social media. please feel free to peruse our instagram and facebook accounts for ideas!











































































































































our products



our specialty is reclaiming pieces from buildings destined for demolition. take a look at some of the categories that might help you in your next project. remember, if you add depth, you create character!






































doors



























lighting



























radiators



























furniture & decor



























door hardware



























plumbing



























flooring



























windows



























mantles & fireplaces



























trim & decorative wood



























refoundry














a little more on…















refoundry is another venture of jennifer corson. similar to renovators resource, refoundry takes the unused and unique pieces of work and gives them new live. in this case, the things being repurposed is the collected patterns from over 125 years  from the historic lunenburg foundry.for those who don’t know, pattern making is the precursor to metal casting. in order to make a product from metal, there first needs to be a mould and a pattern. the lunenburg foundry has been making patterns for over a century and many of the patterns are fine pieces of carpentry in their own right.in refoundry, these pieces are given new life by being combined or refurbished to something new. whether fictional or an interesting piece of art, the creators are reimagine these pieces of history. check us out at: https://www.refoundry.ca








































“we live in a world where the old defines the new, the more mature refines the young, and the antiquated trail blazes for the modern. inspiration often comes from contrasting the ideas of the past with the trends of the day. our hope is to highlight the incredible craftsmanship of those who cared in days gone by and inspire the next generation.”— jennifer corson



























   



renovators resource inc. 51 falkland st.lunenburg, ns b0j 2c0902-429-3889store@renovators-resource.com



store hours: thursday: 10-4friday: 10-4saturday: 10-4






























please follow us on social!



























renovators resource51 falkland st.lunenburg, ns b0j 2c0store@renovators-resource.com(902) 429-3889











