





duirwaigh studios














 



home

about

angi & silas
the studio
zeus the mouse
izzabella
contact us


music

free stuff

audio samples
duirwaigh films





 




we create
art, words & music
in the service of inspired, soulful living


we publish tarot and oracle
decks
partnered with the oldest divination publisher in the united states, us games systems inc., we create an array of extraordinary tarot, oracle and encouragement card decks. designed by collectors for collectors, each deck is a cabinet of curiosities intended to take you on the journey of becoming your most magical, empowered self. find our decks here.


we write and publish
books
our books can be found in a variety of bookstores in the united states, and on amazon.com.




some of our clients include:hay house publishing, barnes and noble, trader joe’s, time warner, new world library, bantam books, whole foods, bauer media group, leanin’ tree, amber lotus publishing, tree free greetings, and stampington & co. 
 


we create art and words on
greeting cards
our greeting cards, calendars and other licensed products appear in whole foods, trader joes and can also be found in local shops. if you’re looking for a particular card you adore, try one of our partners websites: amber lotus, leanin’ tree, tree free.



we conjur sounds and story into
music
 witchlight album available now.

 


















about


duirwaigh studios specializes in products and services that inspire creative consciousness.
wielders of wonder and merchants of marvels, we endeavor to knock at the door of the human heart, re-minding ourselves and each other that once upon a time is really here and now. click here for more...




contact


you can contact us by using the contact form on ourcontact page.


copyright
this web site was designed by silas toball, duirwaigh studios.
                © all parts and contents of this web site are copyrighted 1999-2022. we thank you for respecting this by not copying, modifying or distributing any part of this web site in any form without written permission.




elsewhere


on the interwebs
angi sullins • silas toball


on facebook
angi sullins • silas toball
zeus the mouse
duirwaigh studios


on instagram
angi sullins • silas toball








