







home
























clear-cut computing corp. 



search ...  










toggle navigation







homecontact us

















						about clear-cut computing					





paul j. montenero is the founder of clear-cut computing corp., based in farmingdale, ny, where he provides a wide array of computer consulting services to small and mid-sized businesses. these services include: remote help desk support & training website development & hosting, system specification and installation. much of our business now is through remote support.
paul teaches computer related courses in the adult/continuing education programs of various schools and organizations in nassau county. among the popular topics he teaches are: microsoft offices (word, excel, powerpoint, publisher, access), internet for seniors and beginners. his article, "improve your computer literacy" was published in the fall 2000 issue of succeed magazine. he wrote a "mail merge" tutorial for his website that received 1,000 hits per month and has received testimonials on it from as far away as london, uk.












						remote computer support					


rates and options:

general support:

$30 for up to 15 minutes
$50 for up to 30 minutes
$85 for greater than 30 minutes (and each additional hour)


$109 for a remote pc tune-up




perform maintenanceinstall updatesadjust softwarediagnose a problemcheck backup software...and more 
trainingmost software installationssoftware supportsoftware customizationimprove online safetysetup certain peripherals (camera, scanner, printer)...and more 
pc tune-up:remove spywareremove virusesclean-up hard drivefix configuration problemsspeed-up computeruninstall software...and more 



to start a remote support session, follow these instructions:

call us first to make the arrangement (call: 516-845-4081).
click here to setup a scheduled remote session.
have your visa, mastercard or amex card ready; we only charge it after we fix the problem, and if we don't help you, we don't charge you!









						avast antivirus software					


clear-cut computing is an authorized resellers of:
 avast antivirus & avast internet security software    
clear-cut computing has been resellers of avast! products since 2005. we go the extra mile to service our clients. after clients replace computers or reformat them, we are there to re-issue avast license keys after they have lost them. we service all types of clients:

home and personal computer clients
small and mid-sized businesses
large corporate network clients
non-profit organizations (special discounts available)

 
need to renew your avast! subscription license? we can renew your avast! even if you did not purchase your original license from us.





clear-cut computing can help you with all your avast! purchase needs:

pro antivirus
internet security
windows home server
business protection
business protection plus
server protection

for special orders or to request a quote of avast! software, complete the form on the right or call us at (516) 845-4801. as a value added reseller, clear-cut computing can support you from purchase through installation (and beyond!).















						computer classes					


our founder, paul j. montenero, is scheduled to teach the following classes at 
farmingdale high school's continuing education program:

microsoft excel

beginner - tuesdays: 9/24, 10/1, 10/8
intermediate - tuesdays: 10/15, 10/22, 10/29

advanced - tuesdays: 11/12, 11/19, 11/26




for information and registration, including their phone number, visit: https://www.farmingdaleschools.org/district/continuing_education 









				you are here:  
			


						home					








latest articles



				contact us			





				about clear-cut computing			





				computer classes			





				avast antivirus software			





				remote computer support			















					back to top				


				© 2025 clear-cut computing corp.			




