






news from danville | danvillepa.com














skip to main content





toggle navigation







news
jobs
real estate
shopping
taxes
about danville
 









 



  

  

  











 


 




danville pa jobs



 crop production service          is looking to fill the    following positions:     seasonal delivery/    nurse truck drivers: class a or b cdl. hazmat & tanker... read more... 
   

 drivers          regional     class a drivers     needed.     start immediately.    $2500 sign on bonus    newer kw trucks    health, life, dental... read more... 
   

 start off 2017 by helping a child in need of a safe and loving home!            become a           foster parent!           training, support & compensation provided. call paul... read more... 
   

 healthcare           cna’s or pca’s          needed in millville, hours are 4-8pm & 8pm-9am 7 days a  week.           lpn           needed for every... read more... 
   

 healthcare           keystone care first is looking for full-time          caregivers           3rd shift: washingtonville, sunbury/norry, mifflinburg, berwick. 1st shift:... read more... 
   

 hotels          hampton inn     bloomsburg pa    part-time    breakfast host    responsibilities include:    •preparing and     replenishing the... read more... 
   

 local independent insurance agency          full-time customer service representative          to service commercial insurance clients. pa property/casualty lice-nse necessary. experience... read more... 
   

 manufacturing    k-fab inc          is taking applications for the following positions:           competitive top rate    with progressive    increases!... read more... 
   

 manufacturing     positions  for growing     valve co.          looking for dependable, motivated team members for the following           1st shift positions    lifting... read more... 
   

 healthcare          family care home health          personal care aides needed in all areas. 1st, 2nd & 3rd shifts           reliability is a must!    570-416-1471 
   


more classifieds...










 


area links
bloomsburgpa.com
berwickpa.com
pephonebook.com
perealestate.com
pressenterpriseonline.com



quick facts
population:
state ranking:
national ranking:
county: montour
avg. temp:
elevation:
area code: 570
time zone: eastern (gmt -05:00)
zip code: 17821
us rep.: lou barletta



 


news from danville




 


 wednesday, october 5, 2022 
 troopers: i-80 driver hurt avoiding debris 
 danville -- a woman suffered only minor injury sunday morning when her compact suv struck a guard rail while swerving to avoid debris in the westbound lanes of interstate 80 about a mile west... 
 read more... 
   

  | by geri gibbons 
 wednesday, october 5, 2022 
 danville students to show off horse sense 
 danville -- four danville students will head off to indianapolis during the last week of october to represent pennsylvania in the horse judging national competition. 
 it's the first... 
 read more... 
   

  | by geri gibbons 
 wednesday, october 5, 2022 
 more than modest talent 
 danville -- ayana ife designs clothing for women that is not only contemporary and attractive but modest. she's now a resident and business owner here. 
 ife, 32, was the first runner-up... 
 read more... 
   

  | by leon bogdan 
 tuesday, october 4, 2022 
 repeat drunken driver gets six months in prison 
 danville -- a man from union county was sentenced to spend six months in prison after he was convicted for a third time of driving under the influence of drugs following a november accident... 
 read more... 
   

  | by geri gibbons 
 tuesday, october 4, 2022 
 danville zeroes in on a super 
 danville -- the danville area school board plans to name the executive director of the danville area community center as the next district superintendent at its next meeting.
 molly nied... 
 read more... 
   

 sunday, october 2, 2022 
 montour marriage licenses 
 danville -- the following marriage licenses were issued in montour county:
 * bonnie lee francis, sunbury, daughter of the late george and the late doris g. clark; to patrice lynn hirt,... 
 read more... 
   

  | by melanie aikins 
 sunday, october 2, 2022 
 danville homes highlight history 
 danville -- diane zamboni and ruth ann mccormick made their way around the montgomery and boyd homes, highlighting the history of our nation's founders like they have many times before.... 
 read more... 
   

  | by leon bogdan 
 friday, september 30, 2022 
 man given jail time for heroin found in i-80 stop 
 danville -- a florida man busted with a large amount of heroin during a traffic stop on interstate 80 three years ago was given a maximum county jail term thursday in montour county court.... 
 read more... 
   

  | by leon bogdan 
 friday, september 30, 2022 
 slashing suspect still unfit for trial, judge is informed 
 danville -- a florida woman charged with slashing an elderly man to death in his cooper township home two years ago continues to be mentally unfit for trial -- and her mental health may never... 
 read more... 
   

 thursday, september 29, 2022 
 geisinger warns of data breach 
 danville -- a vendor associated with one of geisinger's billing contractors recently notified geisinger patients of a data breach that compromised personal and protected health information.... 
 read more... 
   

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
…
next ›
last »












© 2002-2025 danville area's newspaper, press enterprise







