






welcome to the city of beattyville, kentucky | we are lee county, the heart of kentucky river





































606-464-5007
info@774e217440.nxcli.io
 

home
  
 
 










news & events

news
calendar
flickr
youtube


community

history
city parks
local artists
cemetaries
churches
education
available property
chamber of commerce
community profile

kentucky river community care




civic

kiwanis
pep coalition
beattyville woman’s club


government & business

city of beattyville
business services
forms and documents
beattyville main street aka downtown beattyville alliance
chamber of commerce
emergency services
kentucky state
lee county
faq


tourism

area attractions
area resources
festivals and events
food and lodging

oxbow family inn




contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 
















welcome 
 
to beattyville, kentucky
 

 
 






beattyvillethe heart of the kentucky river
visit beattyville tourism
 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 







for local event information please click on the beattyville lee county tourism logo above to be directed to the www.heartofthekentuckyriver.com website. 
 
 

welcome to beattyville, kentucky
 
 
 

 
as mayor of the city of beattyville, i would like to welcome you to the city of beattyville’s official website.
beattyville, where the kentucky river begins, is a quaint, small community with an abundance of beautiful scenery and natural resources. we take great pride in the rich history of our town and its people. our main street is made up of small businesses, local shops, and eateries.
the city of beattyville offers a wide variety of services including 24/7 police protection, maintenance of streets and infrastructure, parks and recreational activities, water and sewer services, and solid waste management.
whether you are a resident or visitor of our community i invite you to browse through the contents of our website. we hope you will find it to be a useful tool in finding information about news on projects, festivals & community events, and public services.
i am proud to have called beattyville my home my entire life. it’s a great place to do business, visit or live. come see us!
mayor edward scott jackson
 
about beattyville
nestled in a valley where the north fork and south fork rivers come together to create the head waters of the kentucky river, rests a true mountain community, beattyville. with a population of 1,178, it is the center piece of a mountainous, timber covered county with dramatic cliffs, abundant wild life and miles of country roads and waterways. beattyville (named for a local land owner sam beatty in 1843) along with communities named heidelberg, tallega, fillmore, fincastle and cressmont, among others, boasts a rich and diverse history of trials and victories which began well before the formation of lee as the 115th county.
read more…
 
 
 
 
 
 
  


 
 
 




city of beattyville 

  codered 

click here to sign up to receive emergency and weather alerts!
  weather











forecast 


day






   heart of kentucky river visit beattyville tourism www.heartofkentuckyriver.com.
    
 


news & events
community
civic
government & business
tourism
contact us
 
 


copyright city of beattyville, kentucky  

 
 
 





