












home - la west vector


























































service request
about the district

public education program
brochures & publications
events
board of trustees
other l.a. county districts


financials
employment
mosquitoes

invasive aedes mosquito
mosquito-borne diseases
west nile virus
zika virus
protection from mosquitoes
control & surveillance
mosquitofish
mistaken for mosquitoes


ticks

ticks in california
tick removal
tick-borne diseases
lyme disease
disease prevention


africanized bees

bee protection & control
identifying bees


fire ants
biting midges
 





select page


  
 



 



 










los angeles county west vector control district

vector & vector-borne disease control

learn about vector-transmitted diseases, vector-related injuries, and services provided.





call (310) 915-7370if you think you have a mosquito, bee, or red fire ant problem, call or use our contact form:
service request



west nile virusfor virus activity in los angeles county, who’s at risk, how infection occurs, and symptoms:
about west nile 









can mosquitoes transmit covid-19?
there is currently no evidence that covid-19 (coronavirus) can be transmitted by mosquitoes. for more information on covid-19, visit:







centers for disease control (cdc)



county of los angeles public health










what is a vector?
a vector is any animal capable of transmitting the causative agent of human disease or capable of producing human discomfort or injury, including, but not limited to, mosquitoes, flies, other insects, ticks, mites, and rats, but not including any domesticated animal.










mosquitoes





ticks





honey bees





fire ants










cities & county areas served
*only portions of los angeles city and los angeles county are within the district boundaries.







agoura hills beverly hills calabasas culver city el segundo hawthorne hermosa beach hidden hills



inglewood lawndale lomita los angeles city* los angeles county* malibu manhattan beach palos verdes estates



rancho palos verdes redondo beach rolling hills rolling hills estates santa monica torrance west hollywood westlake village











other l.a. county districts







(310) 915-7370 ext. 501



call for information about the district’s public education program, to request informational brochures, or to ask a district representative to speak at an event.



 









los angeles county west vector control district

6750 centinela avenue, culver city, ca 90230 map / get directions

contact us



governance
the district is governed by a board of trustees. each city council and county board of supervisors within the boundaries of the district may appoint one representative each to the board. this is an example of government by local representation.

board meetings
starting in january of each year, board meetings are held every second month on the second thursday of that month.



latest board agenda



january 16, 2025 (pdf)

all agendas & minutes

about the district





copyright © 2024. all rights reserved.



 




 














