




c21 regency realty | enterprise al homes 































facebook
email
home


334-347-0048







homecontact an agentlocal resourcesour officeagentswhy list with us?staffproperty searchvisit our youtube channelfeatured listingsrealty watchernew constructionlist your propertywelcome videomoving  to  enterprisebuying a home overseasfort novosellocal marketmoving in tipsmoving overseasthings to do in enterpriserelocation deptrentalsfind a rentalregency managementrental tipsreal estate classes


































get automatic notification when listings hit the market
set it and forget it. we will send you all properties that match the criteria you are searching for.


sign up now

















century 21 regency realty, inc
we are celebrating over 51 years in business!
 
links of interest


moving to enterprise


buying a home when stationed overseas


relocation department


open houses / virtual tours / video listings


contact an agent now!


moving overseas tips




whether you are new to the area, thinking of moving up, or you're a native of the wiregrass, century 21 regency realty, inc. has the expertise, proven track record and resources to help you buy or sell your next home anywhere in the enterprise al real estate area. enthusiasm, knowledge of the area and personal concern for our client's interests combine to make us an outstanding resource for your every real estate need. we are constantly raising the bar and setting new standards of excellence. our long list of sales and repeat clients are your guarantee of success. 

our mission: century 21 regency realty, inc. will epitomize not only professional real estate knowledge but a dedication to honesty, integrity and responsiveness to every client we have the privilege of serving. this desire to serve will be promoted, integrated and expected throughout every level of our organization and no deviation from this high ideal will be accepted. our clients deserve and will receive the finest service ever offered by any real estate organization. - billy cotter, broker/owner

are you interested in a career in real estate? 
check out our facebook page for more information! century 21 regency realty, inc.  

we would love to be  your enterprise al real estate connection. we have agents that specialize in fort novosel relocation and all fort novosel real estate. if you are looking for big city life, our website also lists all dothan homes for sale including ozark and daleville. we specialize in helping folks relocate with moving tips and information.  century 21 regency realty, inc. is your enterprise military relocation experts plus we can help with rentals in enterprise, and all pcs fort novosel military relocation.
thank you for visiting our website. if you have any questions, you can reach one of our real estate professionals at  334-347-0048.
home is where your story begins 
 









 
search for properties
our unique search engine gives you access to search all the listing in your are. adjust the search to fit your needs so you can find the perfect home!
more 



 
automatic notifications
with our intuitive realty watcher system, you will be notified via email the moment a new property is on the market. never miss the perfect property again!
more 





get in contact
feel free to contact us will questions regarding properties, listing prices, or anything at all. we are here to make your home buying experience one to remember!
more









location

531 boll weevil circle 
enterprise, al 36330



email

feelathome@c21regencyrealty.com 



phone

334.347.0048





© 2025 regency realty, inc. all rights reserved. century 21® and the century 21 logo are registered service marks owned by century 21 real estate llc. regency realty, inc. fully supports the principles of the fair housing act and the equal opportunity act. each franchise is independently owned and operated. any services or products provided by independently owned and operated franchisees are not provided by, affiliated with or related to century 21 real estate llc nor any of its affiliated companies.

					website by cevado technologies | privacy
























