





plan a saratoga wedding: find wedding venues & services























skip to main content















 my planner










homefind a vendorchoose a venueeventssaratoga wedding blogdeals











everything you need for the perfect saratoga wedding
getting married is an exciting and special time in your life, and the romance and history of the saratoga springs area makes it the perfect backdrop for your wedding, with a wide variety of exceptional venues for both wedding ceremonies and receptions.
to help save you valuable time during the planning process, we've researched and located the finest wedding services in the region. whether it's an idyllic spot in which to marry, a small specialty bakery for the perfect wedding cake, or a saratoga caterer who specializes in your favorite cuisine, you'll find beautiful wedding venues, professional vendors and services and regional advice at asaratogawedding.com, a trusted online resource staffed by saratoga locals for over 15 years!
from planning tips to wedding vows, bridal gowns to honeymoon travel, you'll find everything you need to create the wedding you've always dreamed of in an area we are proud to call home.













find the perfect wedding venue!

					weddings come in all sizes, from intimate gatherings with a handful of your closest and dearest, to large gatherings of far-flung friends and extended family. quickly find just the type and size of wedding venue you are searching for, whether it's indoor or outdoor, intimate or large, country casual or fashionably formal.
				

					get started now
				









our favorites

catererswedding plannersfloristswedding photographersbridal boutiques







featured












										dejonghe original jewelry 
									

offering a wide range of beautiful, original jewelry. for more than 30 years, dejonghe original jewelry has been creating custom pieces featuring fine quality gems set in precious metals. from everyday gold earrings to one-of-a-kind diamond engagement rings, this handmade gold and platinum jewelry is designed by artist and owner, dennis dejonghe. 
learn more
























account sign in
submit an event




choose your venue

hotels & resorts
banquet halls & restaurants
intimate wedding venues: inns & b&bs
country clubs & golf resorts
unique specialty venues







find a vendor

bands & musicians
bridal attire: wedding dresses & bridesmaid dresses
bachelorette parties
brunches
caterers & food vendors
ceremony music
ceremony sites
dance lessons
disc jockeys (djs)
florists: flowers, bouquets & arrangements
bridesmaid & groomsmen gifts
wedding gown preservation
guest accommodations
hair and makeup
honeymoon destinations
invitations & stationery
limousines
officiants
photobooths
photographers
boudoir photographers
rehearsal dinners
rental tents & more
spas & salons
favors & supplies
travel agents
tuxedo & formal wear
videographers
photo venues
cake decorators
bridal consultants & wedding planners
wedding rings & jewelers






home
saratoga wedding blog
my planner
deals
advertise with us
contact us


































sitemap
full-service internet marketing: search engine optimization, website design and development by mannix marketing, inc.
					mannix marketing, inc. is headquartered in glens falls, new york

		asaratogawedding.com all rights reserved © 2025
disclaimer & privacy policy /
			terms of use /
			copyright policies


		we strive to insure accuracy on asaratogawedding.com however accuracy cannot be guaranteed. information is subject to change.
please alert us if there is any inaccurate information here.
	

		having trouble using this site? accessibility is our goal, please contact us with site improvements.
	










