


basement waterproofing by b-dry system nepa























basement waterproofing system


the b-dry system is a basement waterproofing system that has been proven to be "so unique" and "so effective" at eliminating wet basement water leakage problems, that it was awarded a 1986 united states government patent.
the b-dry system is a basement waterproofing system that has received national recognition in magazines like:


better homes & gardens
		builder magazine
		practical homeowner 
	
the b-dry system is a basement waterproofing process that has been reviewed favorably on national tv shows like:

dateline nbc
		this old house, pbs 
	
b-dry system of northeastern pennsylvania received favorable local recognition by:

the scranton times
		the citizen's voice
		wnep-channel 16 	
		moscow villager
		scrantonian / tribune
		hawley news eagle 
	

 
northeast pa b-dry basement waterproofing companyserving northeastern pennsylvania and southern ny.an independent licensee of b-dry system, inc.
over 200,000 homes have been repaired with the b-dry system.
the b-dry system is installed only by trained licensees. our crews receive extensive field training throughout the year. in fact, most of our formen have been installing the b-dry system longer than most of our competitors have even been in business!



reviewed and accepted by:
bulding officials and code administrationpassed or exceeded the stringent tests and requirements of b.o.c.a., the building officials and code administrators. b.o.c.a. writes the national building codes. has also passed the strict criteria of f.h.a., the federal housing administration, and h.u.d, the department of housing and development.


member of:
national home builders associationmember in good standing of the national home builders association


member of:
pocono home builders associationmember in good standing of the pocono home builders association


member of:
pennsylvania home builders associationmember in good standing of the pocono home builders association


member of:<
better business bureaumember in good standing of the better business bureau of northern pennsylvania



call for a free, no obligation estimate.




spring brook twp, pa
			(570) 848-2454
wilkes-barre, pennsylvania
			(570) 824-8808
hazelton, pennsylvania
			(570) 459-2379
		

binghamton, ny
			(607) 772-1379
hawley, pennsylvania
			(570) 226-2222
stroudsburg, pennsylvania
			(570) 420-0222




toll free:
	(800) 544-2379
	or
email us



find a wet basement waterproofing contractor nationwide








basement waterproofing system | wet basement solutions | waterproofing basementsbasement remodeling | basement photos | basement waterproofing business



french drain | basement renovation | finished basement  | finishing basement  | foundation repair | foundation waterproofingbasement repair | basement leak repair  | leaking basement  | sump pump installation | basement flooding  | service area



   

privacy policy 

	all content © 2006 northeast pa b-dry basement waterproofing co., an independent licensee of b-dry system, inc, a division of penn state waterproofing, inc.warranty is backed and offered by northeast pa b-dry basement waterproofing company.  b-dry and b-dry system are registered trademarks of b-dry system, inc.

* warranty is for the lifetime of the original purchaser, or as long as they own the home.
* read actual warranty for all terms and conditions.





