best usa online casinos in february 2025 – casino.comonline casinosreal money casinosusa online casinosnj online casinosca online casinosny online casinostx online casinoswa online casinoscasino bonusesno deposit bonusesfree spinscasino rewardscasino payment methodscrypto casinosbitcoin casinospaypal casinosecheck online casinosamex casinosskrill casinoscredit card casinosvisa casinosmastercard casinosbest payout casinosfast payout casinosminimum deposit casinos$1 deposit casinos$5 deposit casinos$10 deposit casinos$20 deposit casinossoftware providerspragmatic playruby playsweepstakes casinoslist of sweepstakes casinoscrown coinsmega bonanzarealprizejackpotathe money factorycasino clickhigh 5wow vegasfunrizenew sweepstakes casinossweepstakes casino gamessweepstakes casino appssweepstakes no depositssocial casinossocial sportsbooksfree gamesfree slotscasino gamesonline slotssweet bonanza slotsugar rush slotgates of olympus slotstarlight princess slotthe dog house slotonline rouletteonline blackjackonline pokeronline baccaratlive casinoabout usblogresponsible gamblingget listednews sign up  resultyou don't have any searchesusaalabamaalaskaarizonaarkansascaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdelawarefloridageorgiahawaiiidahoillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamassachusettsmainemarylandmichiganminnesotamississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotaohiooklahomaoregonpennsylvaniarhode islandsouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasutahvermontvirginiawashingtonwashington dcwest virginiawisconsinwyominghomecasino reviewscasino bonusescasino appsbest usa online casinos in february 2025
want to find the best online casino in the usa? start now to find the best us casino online for you.1top choicecrown coinsget 150% more coins on first purchase - 800k cc + 40 scplay nowcrown coins reviewno purchase necessary. void where prohibited by law. see t&c. 18+crown coins review2mega bonanza150% extra coinsplay nowmega bonanza reviewno purchase necessary. not available in al, ga, id, ky, mt, nv, la, mi, wa, de, nj, ct, oh, pa, md, wv. void where prohibited by law. must be 18 or older. additional terms and conditions apply.
 mega bonanza review3realprize get up to 625,000 gold coins + 125 sc free + 1250 vip points get bonusplay nowrealprize review 18+. no purchase necessary. void where prohibited by law. terms of service applyrealprize review 4jackpota7,500 free gold coinsplay nowjackpota review18+. no purchase necessary. void where prohibited by law. terms of service applyjackpota review5legendz500 gc, 3 sc & 50% extra coinsplay nowreceive 500 gc, 3 sc and 50% extra coins on your first purchase if you make it within 1 hour of registering to legendz.com.6the money factory3 sc + 15,000 gcplay nowthe money factory review18+. no purchase is necessary. void where prohibited by law. see terms of services.the money factory review7casino click100,000 gc + 2 sc freeplay nowcasino click reviewwe set a minimum redemption amount of $100. while casino click does not charge any transaction fees, payment administration agents may do so when processing prize redemptions   casino click review8high 5150% extra freeplay nowhigh 5 review18+. no purchase necessary. void where prohibited by law. terms of service applyhigh 5 review9wow vegasget 200% extra free coinsplay nowwow vegas reviewpersons under the age of 18 are not permitted to create accounts and/or participate in the games.wow vegas review10funrize125,000 free coins sign up bonusplay nowfunrize reviewno purchase necessary. void where prohibited by law. see t&c. 18+funrize reviewhelping you choose the best online casino siteswelcome! we at casino.com usa partner with trusted online casinos to bring you the best offers and promotions. when you click on certain links and deposit through our site, casino.com may receive a commission at no additional cost. 
whether you are new to the gambling world or a veteran player, you will always require some guidance to ensure you do it right when dealing with online casinos. let us be your guide on this journey.
why trust us?
casino.com was once a globally top-ranked online casino. years of providing high-quality online casino services have made is extremely adept in recognizing the making of an excellent gambling experience, and we have become the ultimate hub for online casino gamblers in the us.
we are dedicated to supplying you with the highest-rated usa online casinos available in your state, all compliant with legal regulations. each endorsed platform provides numerous casino bonuses, an extensive array of casino games, and specific payment methods tailored for us players.what's your game?online blackjackonline slotsonline pokeronline sic boscratch cardsonline baccaratonline crapsvideo pokerwin real moneylive casinoonline roulettesweepstakes casinobest usa sweepstakes casinos: overviewstringent us regulations on online gambling have led to the emergence of sweepstakes and social casinos. in states where real money casino websites are prohibited, individuals can still participate in social casinos. some of these platforms even incorporate sweepstakes, providing participants with opportunities to win actual cash prizes.
us sweepstake casinonew player bonusplay onlinenumber of casino gamespayout processing timeplayer win ratejackpotaearn 7,500 free gold coins plus 2.5 free sweeps coinsplay now700+1-3 days94.97%wow vegasget 1.75 million wow coins + 35 free sweepstake coinsplay now900+2 days97%stake.us250m gc + free 25k sc raffleplay now3,000+1-3 days96.03%mcluckearn up to 57,500 gold coins, plus 27.5 sweepstakes coinsplay now500+2 days96%mega bonanza 150% on first purchase - up to gc 50k + sc 25play now800+1-3 days96%pulszearn up to 367,000 gold coins, plus 32.3 sweepstakes coinsplay now700+1-2 days97%high 5earn 5 sweepstakes coins, 250 gold coins, and 600 diamondsplay now800+0-4 days97%crown coinsget 150% more coins on first purchaseplay now170+5 days96%funrize1.1 million gold coins + free 3,600 sweeps coins and 75.000 free coins sing-up bonusplay now100+1-3 days97%best usa online casinos: overviewstringent us regulations on online gambling have led to the emergence of sweepstakes and social casinos. in states where real money casino websites are prohibited, individuals can still participate in social casinos. some of these platforms also provide participants with opportunities to win actual cash prizes.
us online casinonew player bonusplay onlinenumber of casino gamespayout processing timelegal us statesbetmgm100% up to $1,000 + $25 on the houseplay now500+up to 5 daysmi, nj, pa, wvbetrivers100% deposit match up $500 in bonus moneyplay now550+up to 24 hoursde, mi, nj, pa, wvbet365100% new player bonus of up to $100play now350+up to 5 daysnj, paborgata100% deposit match up to $1,000 + $20 on the houseplay now1,000+up to 24-48 hoursnj, paparty100% deposit match up to $500 + 25 free spinsplay now875+up to 24-48 hoursnjplaystar100% deposit match up to $500 + 500 free spinsplay now300+up to 24 hoursnjpartypoker100% deposit match up to $600 + $25 on the houseplay now150+up to 5 daysnjget 200% extra free coinsplay nowpersons under the age of 18 are not permitted to create accounts and/or participate in the games.2.5 sc + 100k gcplay nowdingdingding games are solely intended for 21+. our games do not offer real money gambling, or possibility of future success in ‘real money gambling’.100,000 gc + 2 sc free play nowwe set a minimum redemption amount of $100. while casino click does not charge any transaction fees, payment administration agents may do so when processing prize redemptions   150% extra coinsplay nowno purchase necessary. not available in al, ga, id, ky, mt, nv, la, mi, wa, de, nj, ct, oh, pa, md, wv. void where prohibited by law. must be 18 or older. additional terms and conditions apply.
 get 150% more coins on first purchase - 800k cc + 40 scplay nowno purchase necessary. void where prohibited by law. see t&c. 18+7,500 free gold coinsplay now18+. no purchase necessary. void where prohibited by law. terms of service apply125,000 free coins sign up bonusplay nowno purchase necessary. void where prohibited by law. see t&c. 18+150% extra freeplay now18+. no purchase necessary. void where prohibited by law. terms of service applybest online casinos by stateeven the best real-money online casinos are barred from operating in certain us. states. each state has the autonomy to work with whichever real cash online casinos usa it prefers and, just as importantly, which ones it chooses not to work with.  
explore the latest guides on online casinos in various us states below:westalaskaarizonacaliforniacoloradohawaiiidahomontananevadanew mexicooregonutahwashingtonwyomingmidwestillinoisindianaiowakansasmichiganminnesotamissourinebraskanorth dakotaohiosouth dakotawisconsinnortheast connecticut‎mainemassachusettsnew hampshirenew jerseynew yorkpennsylvaniarhode islandvermontsouthalabamadelawarefloridageorgiakentuckylouisianamarylandmississippinorth carolinaoklahomasouth carolinatennesseetexasvirginiaarkansaswest virginiaus online casino legal updatesour map is designed to lead you to the best usa online casinos, catered to your state's regulations and preferences.
click on a state to see full details:
      legal
      pending
      sweepstakes & social casinoshow we rank online casinosbefore joining the best online casino, you must know which characteristics make up a quality one. we compiled the most important features to watch when signing up for an account with any online usa casino top-rated gambling site.mobile app
today, many americans use their mobile phones for online activities, including gambling. most online gamblers prefer using their mobile devices to access their favorite us online casinos that don't require a deposit. a good mobile app that's easy to use when players are not at their computers can make a big difference in whether a casino is successful.gaming options
not all online casino players like the same games, but having many options is important. gaming sites with many free casino games are better at keeping players than only a few. some players like sites with fewer options because they're experts in those games. the best online casinos in america have hundreds or even thousands of games.secure deposit & withdrawal options

it's important that you can move money safely in and out of your online gaming accounts. state gaming boards license all the gaming websites we discuss on casino.com. this means your money is fully protected, and if top online casino sites don't pay you, you can take legal action against them.timely withdrawals

besides security, bettors need to get their winnings quickly. different payment options can take varying amounts of time to process. before you sign up with a betting site, make sure they have a payment option that works for you.reliable customer support 24/7

mistakes can happen in even the best online casinos where you play with real money. but that doesn't mean they should be ignored. online casinos must ensure their players are happy and get the money they've won fair and square. good online casinos have helpful customer service that's available all the time.consistent promotions & bonuses

online gambling sites need to attract and keep players to stay successful. one way they do this is by offering good welcome bonuses to new players. these bonuses can make players feel more connected to the casino.top casino games in the usthe top casino games in the us draw hundreds of thousands of players nationwide daily. staple games like roulette, craps, and poker will always live at the top of most gamblers’ favorites. while there are plenty of games to try out, the top games are at the top for a reason and are usually a good starting point for new bettors looking to get their feet wet.
let’s look at the most popular online casino usa games: online slots
online slots quickly became one of the most popular online casino games in the us, offering one of the fastest ways to win big with just one button push.
online poker
online poker was one of the earliest online casino games in the country. it offers various card games with head-to-head action rather than taking on the house.
online blackjack
online blackjack is a fast-paced card game with short hands and high stakes. you don’t need to hit 21; just beat the dealer’s hand to win.
online roulette
the dealer of online roulette drops the ball upon a spinning wheel as players wager on which number it will land on.
online sic bo
as online dice games surge in popularity, none rise more quickly than sic bo. we’ll let you decide if there’s any skill to throwing the dice.
video poker
online slots and online poker meet in video poker. players aim to make the best 5-card poker hand, with the option to discard in exchange for cards off the top of the deck.
us online casino bonuses and promotional offerswhen you play at online casinos in the usa, you’ll notice that many of the bonus offers and promotions are recurring. popular offers such as welcome bonuses, cashback bonuses, and more can be found at most legal gambling sites across the us. we put together a list of the most common promo types, and a few special ones we particularly enjoy.
bonus typedescription   welcome bonusearn free bets, spins, and more for various games when you sign up for a new account with an online casino us.   deposit matchdeposit money into your account and the casino usa online will match that amount to a specified amount.   free spinscollect free spins to earn money and prizes without spending a dollar.   cashbackthis deal returns players a percentage of their losses should they fail to win a bet.   loyalty bonusesthese can take various forms, but most commonly, us online casinos offer players the option to join a rewards program that gives them points that they can exchange for money and prizes.7,500 free gold coinsplay nowusa casino payment methodsmoving money between your various usa online casino accounts should be simple. once you’ve added a  payment method at your chosen casino, using it is usually a matter of a click or two. it’s important to have flexibility with the varying payment methods offered at online casinos in america by keeping your options open. 
for example, if you prefer not to connect your online bank account to your online usa casino account, you’ll need to sign up for paypal or the other popular methods widely offered. 
this table shows the most popular deposit and withdrawal options and their processing times. you’ll probably notice that there are usually more depositing options than withdrawal methods at most us real-money online casinos.
payment methoddeposit processing timewithdrawal processing time debit & credit cardsinstantn/a  prepaid cardsinstantn/a  paypalinstant1-2 days  skrillinstant1-2 days  bank wire transferinstant3-5 days  echecks1-2 days1-2 weekspopular types of usa online casinosonline casinos in the us come in all shapes and sizes, which can be overwhelming when you’re trying to sift through the hundreds of options to discover your preferences. we’ve compiled a list of the most popular types of american online casinos, and what sets them apart.
sweepstakes casinos
stringent us online gambling regulations have led to the emergence of sweepstakes casinos. in states where real money online casinos in the us sites are not permitted, many allow registration on social casinos. some social casinos usa online even provide opportunities to win money through sweepstakes.
new us casinos
the usa sees a continuous influx of new online casinos, each bringing enticing welcome bonuses and innovative features. their strategy is to distinguish themselves from other established online casino usa sites. we consistently review these newcomers, ensuring our list stays current with the ones truly worthwhile to join.
mobile casinos
playing at mobile casinos surpasses desktop popularity as players seek the convenience of accessing their favorite slot games on the go. all the top online casinos mentioned earlier are accessible on mobile devices, and we take an extra step by identifying the best options for mobile play among them.
fast payout casinos
once you’ve won cash at any us online casinos, you’ll naturally want prompt access to those funds. numerous players seek out instant withdrawal online casinos in the us, or at the very least, casinos that provide same-day payouts.
best payout casinos
all casino games feature varied payout statistics; when playing at an online us casino, you’ll often want to optimize your enhance their winning odds by seeking out the usa casinos online with the highest payout rates.

vip casinos
exclusive vip casinos boast multi-tiered rewards programs that present opportunities to unlock exclusive offers, gifts, and more. remarkably, certain us online casinos go above and beyond by rewarding their most loyal players with extravagant european trips.regulation of online casinos in the usrather than the federal government, each state has the autonomy to mandate its own legal online gambling. the federal government has tried to step in, but many see its tactics as outdated and inefficient. as a result, navigating the differences between each state’s laws can be challenging. however, progress has been made as states collaborate more frequently to create a unified and safe gambling experience for all players.
federal online casinos legislation
over the last 50 years, the federal government has attempted to develop numerous forms of legislation to regulate the gaming industry, and has struggled somewhat in this endeavor. in fairness, it isn’t easy to keep pace with the rapid ascent of the internet and online gaming. the most important legislative decision in recent years came when the doj allowed states to implement their own laws for legal online gambling.
state online casinos legislation
each state has its own rules about online gambling, and it can be hard for players to keep up with the differences. for instance, gambling is not allowed in hawaii and utah, but state like pennsylvania and new jersey let you gamble online on various games, sports betting, and poker.
sports betting in the us has exploded since 2018, when the government overturned the 1992 paspa act, and now states can decide for themselves whether they want to allow sports betting.  
currently, more states are allowing sports betting than online poker and casinos. most likely this is because online casinos have taken a while to catch up with the law – even though the first legal online casino started more than a decade ago, only seven states have regulated online casinos: 

connecticut: the nutmeg state legalized usa online casinos in 2021 under the same house bill that legalized online sports betting, poker, and daily fantasy sports. any player over 21 can choose between two legal casino sites regulated by the connecticut department of consumer protection.
delaware: in 2013, delaware was one of the first states to offer players a legitimately safe online casino. the delaware state lottery is allowed to provide online casino games.
michigan: in 2019, michigan lawmakers passed the lawful internet gambling act, allowing online gambling and casinos to be legal. however, it was another two years before the first online casino launched in the state. a few years later, there are no more than 15 legal real money online casinos in mi.
new jersey: new jersey is and always has been one of the homes of legal gambling in the us. the legal online gambling bill was passed in 2013, and there are currently more than 20 online casinos operating in new jersey.
pennsylvania: pennsylvania began permitting online casinos to operate legally in 2019, nearly a year after the governor signed hb271. influenced somewhat by the neighboring new jersey, pa residents have the luxury of more than 20 safe and secure online casinos.
rhode island: one of the newest states to allow legal online casinos, rhode island’s governor signed the bill in june 2023. like delaware, the state lottery is allowed to operate online gaming sites.
west virginia: wv also runs its online gaming operations through the state lottery. the first online sites were launched in 2020, and four sites are currently running.

the benefits of regulated usa casino sites
with so many licensed online casinos playing for real money outside of the us available to us players, it's natural to wonder why americans shouldn’t just gravitate to those options. however, betting with locally-run online casinos certainly has some key advantages. here are the main ones:
protection for players
each state has its own gambling regulation board and committee that reviews and regulates local online sites. this process ensures that games are fair, and that payments are safe and insured.
reputable gaming companies
because of rules set by each state's gaming control board, online casinos have to meet specific standards. one important rule is that they must give players tools and resources to help them gamble responsibly.
ability to enforce laws
if online casinos break the rules, they have to answer to the state. simply put, it's not wise to go against the american government. there's too much money involved for the state to allow any shady behavior from legally operating online casinos, which is good news for the players being protected by these laws.get up to 200 gc + 40 sc + 100 diamonds!play nowtop land-based casinos in the uswhile some states don't allow online casinos, there are many brick-and-mortar casinos in the united states. here's a list of the top local us casinos you might want to visit. you can also check out our special guide for finding the best casino near you.
land based casinolocationonline casino partneravailabe states onlinebellagio hotel and casinolas vegas, nevadabetmgm casinomi, nj, pa, wvmgm grand hotel and casinolas vegas, nevadabetmgm casinomi, nj, pa, wvborgata hotel casino and spaatlantic city, new jerseyborgata casinonj, parivers casinophiladelphiabetrivers casinomi, nj, pa, wvhow to choose safe and legal usa online casinoshitting a massive jackpot doesn’t mean much if your money isn’t safe. of course, you’ll also want to ensure some shady online casino won’t deprive you of your winnings. there are several ways to tell if an online usa casino offers legitimate security for money and transactions:licensing by a reputable authority
any online casino, no matter what other consideration you may have, should be able to demonstrate the scrutiny of a regulatory committee whose job it is to check if it’s trustworthy. stay away if you encounter an online casino that is not licensed by a legitimate authority.secure socket layer (ssl) encryption
ssl encryption is the highest form of security when protecting susceptible data, such as player information. any online casino that can’t prove using ssl encryption to protect every transaction between the site and its players is not worth signing up with. one way to tell that a transaction is secured with ssl is a little padlock icon that will appear in the browser when withdrawing or depositing money.promotes responsible gambling
ssl encryption, like player information, is the best way to keep sensitive data safe. if an online casino doesn't use ssl encryption to protect transactions between the site and its players, it's not a good choice to sign up with. you can tell if a transaction is secured with ssl if you see a padlock icon in the browser when depositing or withdrawing money.plenty of positive player reviews
an online casino must obtain not only positive reviews but a lot of them as well. we always recommend ensuring that most reviews are positive before signing up with any online casino or gaming website.7,500 free gold coinsplay nowusa online casinos to avoidthe flipside of looking for the best american online casinos is knowing which ones to avoid. there are a number of red flags you should always look out for in any online gambling site you’re considering:

unlicensed casinos
if you find an online us casino you’d like to try and cannot verify that it’s licensed with a legitimate regulatory authority within the state that you’re in, beware. by gambling on a site not regulated by a recognized gaming control board, your money is not insured or covered by any legal entity. we strongly advise against ever using one of those sites.
recurring payment issues
these types of issues can range from major to minor problems. you may find that an online usa casino consistently fails to pay your winnings on time or even pay them at all. if it happens enough times, we recommend contacting your state’s gaming control board and  file a claim with them to act on your behalf.
false marketing
any failure to follow through on public promises is a justifiable reason to part ways with an online gambling site. if a us casino online constantly sends emails or marketing materials that promote huge offers seemingly too good to be true, they probably are. contact your state's gaming control board whenever you’re faced with an american online casino that fails to deliver on its promotions.
poor customer support
customer support is one of the most essential features of an online casino. if you come across an online usa casino with limited or no customer support, you should avoid it as much as possible. top us casinos online must have at least a support channel that is readily accessible 24/7 to prevent you from getting stuck.facts and statistics of usa online casinosknowing market of american online casinos before getting involved is always a good idea, especially since each state has its rich, not to say somewhat convoluted, history with online gambling. here are some things you might not know about online gambling in the us:

only 7 states have legal online gambling. that’s more than the number of states with legal online poker (5) but fewer than those who allow online sports betting (21).
nearly 50% of americans reported to have gambled using unregulated us online gambling sites and sportsbooks. online gambling may not be permitted in most states, but us casinos online and sportsbooks are clearly in high demand among us residents.
the three states with the most land-based casinos in the us (nevada, california, and oklahoma) don’t have any online casino legislation.
the massive increase in online gamblers and casinos hasn’t affected the regulated commercial casino industry, which grew by nearly 15% yoy from 2021 to 2022. in 2022, the industry earned more than $63 billion, up from $53 billion in 2021.
in 2022, the six us states with regulated online casinos earned a combined revenue of more than $5 billion, better than a 35% increase in annual growth.
in july 2023, us igaming operators from the six regulated online casino states (ct, de, nj, pa, mi, and wv) accrued over $480 million, a nearly 23% increase yoy.
responsible gambling at usa online casinosirresponsible gambling habits create a slippery slope to addiction and severe life consequences. if you are finding it difficult to control your gambling while playing in a usa casino online, there are a myriad of ways to receive help. each state will offer various hotline numbers to guide those seeking aid with their gambling.
at casino.com, we strive to provide convenient access to tools that prevent such issues. should you have any concerns about yourself or those in your surroundings, here are valuable resources that can be of assistance when playing in online casinos:

gamblers anonymous
national council on problem gambling
1-800-gambler
usa online casinos faqsis online gambling legal in the us?online gambling laws are dictated at a state level, so they vary as you cross state lines. while it’s perfectly legal in many states, some states don’t even allow land-based casinos, much less online casinos. check your state’s local laws to find out if you can legally gamble online.what is the age requirement to gamble online?this answer also depends on which state you’re in. the legal age in some areas of certain states can reach as low as 18 years old. there are cases of the legal gambling age residing at 18, 19, 20, or, most commonly, 21 years old.what makes a good online gambling site?first, ensure the online gambling site you’d like to register with is fully licensed with a legitimate regulatory authority. we also recommend perusing the various online casinos to see which games they offer and the sizes of their payouts. you’ll also find some sites offer a heftier welcome bonus than others.which authority regulates online casinos?online casinos are regulated by region. in the us, if a legitimate authority commissions a gaming website, it will display its credentials at the bottom of the homepage.what games can i play at us online casinos?if you can think of a form of gambling, it’s probably available at a us online casino. usa online slots, blackjack, poker, pai gow, baccarat, roulette, bingo, keno, and so much more can all be found at various online gambling sites. not every site will have every game, so check the online casino’s gaming menu before signing up with it.can i play online casino games without spending money?yes. there are a ton of online casino games that don’t require you to spend a dime. these can be a great way to play online gaming while getting the same thrill of casino online usa games with real money.do i have to pay taxes on my winnings?the us is one of the only countries to tax its players when they win money at an online casino. depending on the state you’ve won in, if the sum of your winnings isn’t too significant, you’ll often be able to avoid paying taxes on them.usaukargentinaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanalbaniabangladeshbelgiumbelarusboliviabrazilbermudabahamascanadacanadafrchilecamerooncolombiacosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiaczech republicdenmarkdominican republicecuadorel salvadorestoniafinlandgermanygeorgiaghanagreeceguatemalahondurashungarynetherlandsicelandirelandindiaindonesiaitalyjapankenyasouth koreakuwaitkazakhstanlatvialithuanialuxembourgmalaysiamexicomoldovamacedonianew zealandnigerianicaraguanorwaypakistanparaguaypanamaperuphilippinespolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarromaniasenegalslovakiaserbiasouth africaspainswedenswitzerlandthailandtanzaniatrinidad and tobagoukraineugandauruguayvenezuelavietnamzimbabweabout usget listedsitemapprivacy policyresponsible gamblingcasino guidescasinos near mecasino faqgambling termscasino en linearesponsible gamblingback to top