



hunter-hopkins center, pllc | specializing in fibromyalgia, chronic fatigue syndrome, and related conditions


















































 



hunter-hopkins center, pllc 


emailfacebookrss 

call now: 1-704-543-9692 








 

 



home
contact
more hhc

about hhc
faq
forms & patient information
notice of privacy practices
links
story of hunter-hopkins
testimonials
site map


resources

the stepwise approach
relapses and flares
diet and nutrition
advice for pwcs anticipating anesthesia or surgery
vaccinations


research
staff
news
ask the doctor

please read before posting


 
search the site...





















 










hunter-hopkins centerhhc is a nationally recognized center. we specialize in cfs and fm and have developed a comprehensive program of management that includes traditional and complementary therapies, a behavioral component, and even disability support.
 

 







we understandwe take time to listen, and we understand the problems because we deal with them daily and exclusively. we are structured to spend the additional time that is needed in such complicated cases.
 

 







there is hoperetrospective studies have shown that 80% of our patients experience significant improvement in their condition.
 

 














hunter-hopkins centerhhc is a nationally recognized center. we specialize in cfs and fm and have developed a comprehensive program of management that includes traditional and complementary therapies, a behavioral component, and even disability support.
we understandwe take time to listen, and we understand the problems because we deal with them daily and exclusively. we are structured to spend the additional time that is needed in such complicated cases.
there is hoperetrospective studies have shown that 80% of our patients experience significant improvement in their condition.
 








 


homehunter hopkins center, pllc 








specializing in fibromyalgia, chronic fatigue syndrome, and related conditions.
who we are
we are a free standing medical clinic, located in south charlotte, and have continuously treated persons with chronic fatigue syndrome (cfs) and fibromyalgia (fm) since 1995. in addition to our medical clinic, we have an onsite phlebotomy service, cardiopulmonary and autonomic labs, a research service, and an infusion suite.


our approach
our treatment approach is evidence-based and traditional but complimented by a holistic approach that recognizes the interaction of body, mind, and soul. because there is no known cure for cfs or fm therapy is, of necessity, supportive and symptomatic. we advocate education, nutrition, progressive exercise programs, behavioral support, as well as new and investigational therapies. our medical management is evidence based. our goal is to return the patient to optimal health and functional ability. we are well-prepared to address disability issues, however, if necessary.


why choose hhc?
hhc is a nationally recognized center. we specialize in chronic fatigue syndrome (cfs) and fibromyalgia (fm) and have developed a comprehensive program of management that includes traditional and complimentary therapies, a behavioral component, and even disability support.
today’s patients seek the best and most advanced specialty care available. at hhc we provide experience, knowledge, credibility, and reliability.

 





 












our mission
we are dedicated to exceeding our patients’ expectations by providing individualized, compassionate, empathetic, and timely care. our goal is to improve the quality of our patients’ lives by providing the highest quality of advanced evidence-based diagnosis and treatment available.
the patient is our first priority; conquering cfs/me/fm is our ultimate goal.
the banyan tree
we chose the banyan tree to represent our practice because the resilient and long lived banyan offers its shade as a safe and sheltered place for weary travelers and the banyan’s distinctive habit of sprouting new supportive roots from its branches reminds our clients to find and accept support for themselves.
get in touch(704) 543-9692drlapp@drlapp.netcontact usrssfacebookforms & patient information
links
careers
volunteer
testimonials
site map
 








						© 1995 – 2024 hunter-hopkins center, p.a. - all rights reserved.					








 







