



































    electric repairs | la crosse, wi
  













              call us for 24-hour/7-day service pick-up and delivery 
(608) 781-2627



    


     home



  maintenance services



  shop repair services



  product directory



  contact












    
 





       



    electric repairs in la crosse, wi

advanced electric equipment service is the premier electric repair company in the la crosse, wi, region. if you have industrial equipment in need of service or repairs, our team of experts will take care of you every step of the way until everything is back in working order.



   



   

  about us

advanced electric equipment service has provided electrical equipment repair services and has sold various industrial parts since 1983. over the years, our list of services has grown in number and now includes predictive maintenance services, shop repair services, and the sale of a variety of parts that can be found in our product directory. we are also currently a proud member of the electrical apparatus service association.



   

  electrical apparatus service association membership

the electrical apparatus service association has more than 2,100 members in nearly 80 different countries. members include companies in the sales, service, or maintenance business for motors, drives, and controls. our part in this international organization proves our professionalism in the industry, as well as our expertise on the topics necessary for success in the electric equipment repair business. electrical equipment and mechanical systems are in good hands with any member of this association.



   

 

 



    call today

get in touch with advanced electric equipment service today to learn more about how we can help you. we offer a 24-hour, seven days a week service for pick-up and delivery of electric systems and supplies. call our experts in la crosse today!







      advanced electric equipment service
2411 larson stla crosse, wisconsin 54603
phone:
(608) 781-2627
fax: (608) 781-2628
email:
orders@advele.com
business hours:
   mon - fri
 7:00 am 
- 4:00 pm


 sat - sun
closed






   content, including images, displayed on this website is protected by copyright laws. downloading, republication, retransmission or reproduction of content on this website is strictly prohibited. terms of use 
| privacy policy



















































































































  
  share by:












