











the farmers bank of appomattox | farmers bank








      skip to main content
    





online payments from non-farmers bank accounts can be made at this payment portal linkfor payments from a farmers bank account, sign up or login to online banking.








menu





login



username
password


 consumer/business
 cash management
forgot password? click here to reset



access id
password


 consumer/business
 cash management
new user? click here to enroll nowforgot password? click here to reset












routing number



facebook


instagram


linkedin





search thefarmersbankva.com









main navigation


personal banking


lending & mortgages


checking and savings


certificates of deposit


safe deposit box services


individual retirement accounts


atm services


visa check cards


consumer credit cards




business banking


commercial checking


cash management services


commercial loans


merchant/night deposit services


business credit cards




services & fees


internet banking


zelle


mobile banking with mobiliti


online bill pay


fee schedule


night depository services


deposit interest rates


wire transfers


overdraft protection


other services




resources


news & announcements


location / hours


shareholder services


preventing fraud




employment opportunities


giving back


contact














your lifelong lenderour loan officers provide the level of service you deserve and find the best options to suit your needs. with a wide variety of products available, they can personalize your offerings and guide you in the process of achieving your financial dreams.
contact our lending team 





pay your loan online
easy to activate and use
conveniently schedule recurring payments
view transaction history
...and more!

click here to login and pay with a farmers bank account
click here to pay with a non-farmers bank account (debit card or ach)






get started with zelleenroll today in a few simple steps:

log in to bill pay
select send money with zelle®
enroll your u.s. mobile number or email address
you're ready to start sending and receiving money with zelle® 

learn more 






 




the farmers bank of appomattox

​who we arethe farmers bank of appomattox has a very rich history of providing for the needs of our customers living within the communities in which we serve. we are a strong community bank with over 100 years of proven personal banking. the directors, officers and employees that have come before us have set high expectations in regard to this level of service. we, as the current generation of bankers, remain dedicated to the tradition of providing excellence in all that we do. we are dedicated to be responsive, professional and caring in the way we provide for you, our customers. we are mindful that each of you is more than just a number; you are our neighbors and friends.remember that there has never been a better time to bank with a community bank. so come home to farmers bank...the difference you will love in banking!john r. caldwell, president & ceowhat we believeour mission: the farmers bank of appomattox is dedicated to serving our customers with excellence. we believe in committing to those we serve, our employees, and neighbors to build a better community.our commitment: banking built on values!accountabilityaccuracyexcellence in servicehonesty & integrityknowledgeopen & clear communicationpositive attituderespect for othersour culture: the farmers bank of appomattox values workplace diversity and inclusivity. we believe that a diverse staff will help us deliver excellent service to our communities. we strive to foster a culture where our staff feels valued, respected, and supported.our farmers bank familywe are here for you! our employees are dedicated to providing excellent service to our community. with branch locations in appomattox, concord, dillwyn, and farmville for your convenience!​




where relationships are important and your money is safe!
our relationship bankersleft to right: amber thomson (concord), beverly jo devore (farmville), matthew cash (triangle plaza), ellen mcgarry (dillwyn), stacy perkins (main), & liz lacy (timberlake).the farmer’s bank of appomattox offers a wide range of accounts to fit your lifestyle. our staff will be glad to help you in determining which of our deposit accounts best suits your everyday banking needs. from our farmers club checking to our statement savings account, we have just what your financial needs require. let us offer you the hometown, personal attention you deserve.as a community bank, the farmers bank of appomattox is well capitalized and strongly positioned to serve our customers and community. our bank was established 105 years ago and we expect to serve this community for generations to come. we take pride in our relationship-based business model focused on building long-term trust with customers. after all, we live in your community too, and your success is our success. no one has ever lost a dime of fdic-insured deposits up to $250,000. if you have questions about your coverage, or whether additional insurance is needed, we are prepared to assist you to ensure your deposit needs are met.our senior managementleft to right front row: cassandra r. mullins (vp, head of compliance), alexa g. layne-stratton (vp, marketing & project management officer), john r. caldwell (president & chief executive officer), stephanie o. smith (1st vp, branch administrator & security officer), katherine a. kraince (1st vp, hr, payroll, & benefits officer).left to right back row: bruce s. drinkard (svp, chief lending officer), brian d. wilkerson (1st vp, chief retail lending officer), kenneth a. shorter (1st vp, chief information technology officer), thomas l. rasey, jr. (svp, chief operations officer), j. christian pemberton (svp, chief financial officer).
learn more about checking & savings










 



hometown checkingkeep it simple with our basic checking account offering...



no monthly service charge if the account maintains a balance of at least $500.00


$5.00 service charge for months in which the minimum balance is not maintained.


$100 minimum to open new account


unlimited check writing


visa check card available**


online banking with bill pay


no transaction fee for use of farmers bank atms









farmers club/club 50 checking* want an account that offers you more?$500 - $9,999apy 0.05%$10,000 - $49,999apy 0.10%$50,000 and upapy 0.15%over age 50 with a balance of $500 or more$2 service chargeover age 50 with a balance less than $500$10 service chargeunder age 50 regardless of balance$10 service chargeview full benefitsaccess club benefits >>>*rates current as of 02-12-2025 





lost atm/visa checkcard




 



 




insurance coverage

as a benefit of being a client of the farmers bank of appomattox, you can receive insurance quotes from bankers insurance, a specialist in home, auto, and all personal insurance coverage. quotes are always free and no-obligation. all services administered by bankers insurance llc.
read more




















footer left menu


personal banking


business banking


services / fees


shareholder services


location / hours


news & announcements






footer right menu


sign in


privacy policy


contact us


mission, commitment, & culture


if you have trouble accessing or navigating the site, please contact us for assistance: 1-877-405-7797  








facebook


instagram


linkedin


























