




leidenschaft kennels | live with passion!





































leidenschaft kennels

live with passion!




home
the globe and tail ~ a dog blog
about us – ron & tammy murray
ron murray – professional trainer
our giant schnauzers
testimonials
the sirius working dog association
leidenschaft leather
contact us
 







new year, new “rules”
 
		posted on january 13, 2025 

		by admin 




2024 was a chore! 
from the arrival of our r-litter in may to the very end of the year, 2024 demanded more! never before have we struggled to place our puppies as much as the r-litter. reason why?? the cdc and their ridiculous rule about american’s not allowed to import puppies until they are 6 months old. this rule literally ruined the year for us. 
going forward!
we had initially decided to take a complete break from breeding in 2025, but as of this moment, we will consider a fall 2025 litter. we know who we want to breed, and the male is reserved, but we will not announce the combination until later this spring when the spring heats are over. this will allow us to judge when a litter might be expected.
new rules for applying for puppies.
ever since losing our first litter at birth on march 21, 2001 we did not take deposits until we had puppies to sell. after this past litter, we are changing that. too many people have been keen for the litter, and then at such time puppies have become available, there are all kinds of excuses. so from now on, if you want a puppy, have been screened and approved for a puppy, including references, then we will accept a deposit for our next litter. you can view our puppy deposit agreement. this agreement is subject to change before it’s completed and signed.
2025 litter plans
as mentioned above, we do have a plan if we have enough interest in canada to justify bringing a litter of pups into this world. there have been rumours of the cdc backing away from the six month age requirement, but as of now, they are just rumours. 
keeping a litter of puppies, or even part of a litter until they’re six months old is a monumental chore! after a certain age (our breed anyway) the puppies begin to fight for domination in the litter. this means they can no longer be contained in the same physical space. we are a small breeding kennel, we only have six runs. at one point in november, we were juggling ten dogs, four of them under the age of six months! not only do the pups get into scraps, but they get injured and cost more money to keep. none of them get proper house training, socializing, or even the all important bonding with their new families. it’s something we never want to experience again. so this is the reason we need canadian buyers to support our proud canadian working line giant schnauzer kennel. without secured homes at 8-weeks old, we can not continue to breed. it’s just not fair to anyone.

 
			posted in news 

				tagged with breeding program, canada, canadian breeders, canadian dogs, giant schnauzers, puppies, working dogs 



more may news!!
 
		posted on may 25, 2024 

		by admin 



surprise!!! here is our r-litter! 
friday, may 24th, was supposed to be x-ray day to count skulls and spines so we could have an idea on how many to expect on tuesday, may 28th!

flirt has never been one to follow “the rules” of dog life, so we should have expected her shenanigans at whelping time!


all those boys!!
we don’t get to choose how many puppies, or what gender they are. but you can bet, whichever we have an abundance of, it’ll be the opposite folks are looking for.of the 10 beautiful, healthy, big, puppies born to this perfect litter, eight of them are boys. with only two girls, we will be carefully choosing the perfect home for one, while keeping the other for our future breeding program. the pedigree for this litter with health tested information is available here!
we are still accepting applications for boys, if you’re interested in a puppy from this litter please complete our online potential puppy owner questionnaire. 

 
			posted in news, puppies for sale 

				tagged with giant schnauzers, puppies, puppies for sale, working dogs 



may 2024 news!
 
		posted on may 13, 2024 

		by admin 



we’re expecting!!
wow!!! how has it been 5 months since my last post?!? 
r-litter von der leidenschaft
we are happy to announce our r-litter von der leidenschaft will be arriving may 28th, give or take a day.the sire is our own khaos von der leidenschaft bh, gpr1 and our austrian import fyokla vom gleinalmblick bh, fpr1, ibgh1 (aka flirt). this is a first litter for both, so it’s going to be interesting times to say the least. both have very strong temperaments, high drives, and sound nerve. i expect the puppies will best be suited to working/sport/experienced homes. 






flirt
flirt achieving her fpr1 89 points
khaos having some fun on the scaling wall.

if you’re interested in a puppy from this litter, please complete our potential puppy owner questionnaire. stay tuned for news and an update on x-ray day, friday may 24th. 

 
			posted in news, puppies for sale 

				tagged with giant schnauzers, igp, police k9, puppies, schutzhund, search and rescue, tracking, working dogs 



december 2023 news!
 
		posted on december 10, 2023 

		by admin 



just a quick update to announce our quest has found her people. her new family is well experienced with our offspring. quest is their third. quest will be hanging out with her older brother from another mother. her people are very active and athletic so she’ll be involved in many great adventures. we are so happy for her and all her extended family. 

quest and her dragon.
side-eye!


 
			posted in news 



quest
 
		posted on november 24, 2023 

		by admin 



for sale: 6 month old female








quest is still waiting for her forever human(s). she is a well balanced female; plenty of drives with a nice “off switch”. quest is started in igp tracking, obedience, and protection. we have plenty of videos of her doing all phases. she also enjoys our obstacle course.
quest loves people, and is well behaved in public and in our home. as her name suggests, she is an adventure lover, and as a puppy gaining more confidence and independence, she is currently learning longline training. 
we are not looking at offloading this beautiful girl. her price will continue to go up as more training (and if need be) titles are put on her. quest is dcm clear by parentage (dna tested), and comes from health tested and titled parents. you can see her pedigree here. 
quest is fully vaccinated, microchipped, ckc registered, and as you can see in the photos, has had her first grooming. she is also crate trained, and housebroken. she travels well in the vehicles, and walks well on a leash using a fursaver collar. 
ideally, quest would go to a working or sport home where she can continue to flourish at what she’s bred for, however in fairness to her, we will consider an active companion home. if you’re interested in quest, please complete our potential puppy owner questionnaire.

 
			posted in dogs for sale, news, puppies for sale 



october 2023 so much news!
 
		posted on november 1, 2023 

		by admin 



october was such a busy month, it’s taken me until november to update our website! mostly i’m bogged down with so many amazing photos. i will post a few here now, and work on a gallery for the rest. 
sport dog trial
on the weekend of october 14th and 15th, our club the sirius working dog association celebrated its 20th anniversary by hosting a club trial in the sport of igp. you can see all the results on our facebook page, but for the sake of brevity, i’ll just announce the results of our own dogs.
saturday

on saturday, october 14th, ron entered our flirt aka fyokla vom gleinalmblick for her fpr1, (first level tracking degree). they had a nice track and a score of 89 points (out of 100). 


also on saturday, ron entered our boy zeus vom goldbergsee for his igp2. this title includes tracking, obedience, and protection work. they had a good day and finished with a score of 93/88/85 with a tsb rating of “a” which means pronounced in courage. pictured here with dvg judge amanda hoskinson, and our helper benoã®t maye.


our final entry on saturday was me and our girl phyre von der leidenschaft. phyre is a very happy dog to work, but on trial day with so many distractions, we barely passed our bh! there is no score given for the bh, which is a combined obedience and temperament test, it’s a pass or fail. fortunately phyre’s amazing temperament showed stronger than the obedience of the day! 

sunday

on sunday, october 15th, day two of our club trial, ron entered zeus for his igp3. it’s challenging enough doing one three-phased title at a trial, to do two of them in one weekend is quite a feat! the lower score reflects the exacting level of judging for this, the highest degree in the sport. pictured here with me, ron, our helper benoã®t maye, and dvg judge amanda hoskinson, we celebrate zeus’s igp3 with a score of 86/84/80 and again with “a” pronounced in courage.


ron had hoped to achieve igp1 with our flirt this year but our “sweet and spicy girl” still had a long way to go for her dumbbell work, and control in protection. ron chose to do the ibgh1 obedience title instead, and they did a great job, earning 89 points. 


it seems to be a tradition with me to trial a bitch in heat! fortunately i had a good experience titling our girl jade for her igp1 (in heat) back in october 2017 so it gave me the confidence i could recreate the event with nevr. it wasn’t pretty but we got it done with scores 92/70/80 with the all important “a” pronounced courage. the photo with me, nevr, and benoã®t maye is an attempt to recreate the photo i had taken with jade. nevr is her niece, and shares a lot of the qualities i so loved about jade.

speaking of nevr… 
…daughter qricket has found her people!

staying local with our friends jutta and brad, qricket will continue to train with our club alongside her new bro, tucker! the transition from our pack to their home was super easy and the bonding is going very well. very excited she’ll still be a part of our lives. 

and then there was quest!

quest continues to enjoy life here at gnome man’s land. she runs with her momma nevr, who is so good with her babies! quest is continuing to train in tracking, obedience, and protection. she’s a great sport prospect, or at the very least, a confident, active companion!if you’re interested in quest, please complete our potential puppy owner questionnaire.


 
			posted in brags, news, puppies for sale 



september 2023 news!
 
		posted on september 22, 2023 

		by admin 



que has left the country! 

on september 20, 2023, que left our home with her new people to travel to california. with a new call name of storm, our big bossy girl will indeed be proving herself a whirlwind of activity in the igp world. we’re very excited to see que – storm her way on to the podium in time. congratulations to her new family! 

busy times!
while we’re busy getting our adults ready for our igp competition in october, we are still committed to working our remaining q’s in all aspects of our sport. quest and qricket are both tracking, learning some lure based obedience, building ball and food drives, and of course even while teething, some gentle puppy prey bitework. so with all that going on, we really haven’t had time for updated photos. although we did make time for short video clips of the girls tracking this week. 
view quest’s page here!
view qricket’s page here!

 
			posted in news, puppies for sale 



august 2023 news
 
		posted on august 11, 2023 

		by admin 



three q-girls are waiting for their perfect matches!

que von der leidenschaft
qricket von der leidenschaft
quest von der leidenschaft

started puppies
que, quest, and qricket are busy, confident girls waiting for the perfect adventure partners. all three of them are sleeping overnight in individual crates and are being house socialized. in addition to the basics of house training and social skills, we train each puppy formally to develop their skills in tracking, basic obedience and leash training, and puppy prey-driven bitework. the more time, effort, and expense that goes into these “started puppies” the more they cost. 
healthy puppies
all of our puppies come with health guarantees from the known hereditary issues in our breed. their parents nevr von der leidenschaft bh and zeus vom goldbergsee igp1 are both cleared on hip and elbow dysplasia, dcm, and eye issues. these three q-girls are in excellent condition and will be getting their second set of vaccinations plus the kennel cough vaccination at the beginning of the week. at that point they will be suitably protected to start visiting public places.as well as vaccinations, these puppies are microchipped, and canadian kennel club registration is in the works. 
personalities
que

que is bold and bossy! she is very driven in her prey, and determined to bite! she is not a puppy for the newly initiated. this girl will need a job where she can use her drives and determination. we will continue to build on these natural drives to make her an excellent sport or civil prospect. 



quest

quest is busy! she is fast and super agile. she has high food drive, and shows great dedication to tracking already. she loves to play in water, and has super prey drive. a whole world of sport options or civil applications are open for this girl.


qricket

qricket is our calm puppy. i mean as calm as a working line giant schnauzer puppy comes. she has plenty of prey drive, takes full mouth bites, and holds calmly. she’s happy to chill while the other two are being crazy, but would still require an active lifestyle. 


inquiries for these girls can be made via our potential puppy owner questionnaire. 

 
			posted in news, puppies for sale 



july 2023 news
 
		posted on july 16, 2023 

		by admin 



poof! just like that, we’ve gone from birth announcement to 9 weeks old!! we have three beautiful girls still waiting for their perfect match. all of our puppies come with health guarantee, ckc issued microchips, complete vaccinations as is age appropriate, deworming, ckc registration, and of course a lot of positive exposure and socialization. if you are interested in applying for one of these beauties please complete our potential puppy owner questionnaire. 
thanks so much to leshelle at silver fox photography for this fun photo shoot. i hope you’ll agree the results are gorgeous! 
black girl, now called “que”
que is big and bold! lots of confidence and drives. she would suit a sport/working home, or an active/experienced companion home.




blue girl, still deciding on her perfect name! 
baby boo has been our littlest from the start, but you won’t know that by looking at her now, or by her demeanour. she is bold and beautiful. confidence galore! blue would suit a sport/working home, or an active/experienced companion home.




green girl, now called “quest”
from day one quest has been our investigator. she would climb high up on nevr’s side, always going over instead of around. she is sassy, outgoing, and a wee bit independent. the world is her oyster. she would suit a sport/working home, or an active/experienced companion home.




the rest of the q’s.
we are very pleased with our selections for the remaining q’s.
in birth order:purple boy is named quinto. he is being trained as a dual purpose dog, drug detection and protection.green boy is named quake. he is in an active, loving family home in charge of neighbourhood watch and his three young girls.purple girl is named quigley. she is being trained for the sport of igp.red boy is named quincy, but called dantã©. he is being trained for the sport of igp.red girl is named qira. she is in an active home and will be personal trainer to her uncle leon.black boy is named q-tyr, called tyr in honour of canada’s first giant schnauzer police service dog. he is also in charge of three young girls in his household.
we are looking forward to interacting with our families and watching another generation of von der leidenschaft giants grow up. 
























































































































































































































 
			posted in news, puppies for sale 

				tagged with giant schnauzers, igp, obedience, police k9, puppies, puppies for sale, schutzhund, search and rescue, tracking, working dogs 



may 2023 news!
 
		posted on may 15, 2023 

		by admin 



on saturday, may 13th, nevr gifted us with 10 puppies. five males and five females. she’s being an amazing mom and we’re so happy to share this news!
to say we’re relieved to have this litter arrive safely would be an understatement! now to get them through the critical days of gaining weight, staying warm, and not getting laid on by mom! nevr is being an amazing momma, just like her momma before. 
i can honestly say, i don’t know if or how many pups might be available, as that has been the furthest thing from our minds. getting them here, and keeping nevr happy and healthy has been our immediate focus. that said, we are always accepting puppy questionnaires. see our giant schnauzers page for more details. 

 
			posted in news 



« older entries











recent posts


new year, new “rules”


more may news!!


may 2024 news!


december 2023 news!


quest


recent commentsarchives

january 2025
may 2024
december 2023
november 2023
september 2023
august 2023
july 2023
may 2023
april 2023
january 2023
september 2022
january 2022
november 2021
october 2021
september 2021
august 2021
july 2021
may 2021
april 2021
march 2021
november 2020
september 2020
august 2020
july 2020
may 2020
april 2020
march 2020
february 2020
january 2020
november 2019
october 2019
july 2019
june 2019
may 2019
march 2019
february 2019
january 2019
december 2018
november 2018
october 2018
september 2018
august 2018
july 2018
june 2018
may 2018
april 2018
march 2018
february 2018
january 2018
december 2017
october 2017
may 2017
march 2017
february 2017
february 2016
december 2015
november 2015
august 2015
july 2015
june 2015
may 2015
april 2015
january 2014

categories

brags

dogs for sale

health results

musings

news

puppies for sale

the dog blog

training tips


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org





			copyright tammy l. murray 2015			 zeetasty theme








