






 



mission and vision · guilford green foundation
















































































































skip to content



guilford green foundation
uniting community

home who we aremission and vision leadership financials history  what we dolgbtq center recurring programs grant program pearl berlin scholarship progress partnerssponsor an ad on our weekly e-newsletter   news eventsout and about greensboro monthly calendar the power of pride come out & celebrate becoming more green queen bingo gala takeovers  photo gallery lgbtq-friendly resourceslgbtq business & community resource guidedirectory listing request  report discrimination name change guide library voting guide for transgender individuals  volunteer contact us donate now  









donate now




 
home who we aremission and vision leadership financials history  what we dolgbtq center recurring programs grant program pearl berlin scholarship progress partnerssponsor an ad on our weekly e-newsletter   news eventsout and about greensboro monthly calendar the power of pride come out & celebrate becoming more green queen bingo gala takeovers  photo gallery lgbtq-friendly resourceslgbtq business & community resource guidedirectory listing request  report discrimination name change guide library voting guide for transgender individuals  volunteer contact us donate now 








mission and vision


who we are





our mission statement
guilford green foundation & lgbtq center (ggf) advances equality and inclusion through philanthropy, programming, and advocacy that uplifts the lgbtq community. 
our vision
a thriving lgbtq community. 
our values
community: we believe in inclusivity and belonging for all. we recognize the diverse identities and experiences within the lgbtq community, empowering people to participate authentically and access opportunities. we strive to unite the lgbtq community in a shared purpose and collective action for greater outcomes. 
partnership:  we believe in mutual respect, trust, and collaboration with diverse stakeholders to advance shared goals of inclusion, support, and advocacy for the lgbtq community. 
empowerment: we believe that every person should feel a sense of worth, agency, and ability to thrive, regardless of their identity. we are a driving force for positive change and impact on the lives of individuals and communities. 
 







home
mission and vision
leadership
financials
history











guilford green foundation mission guilford green foundation & lgbtq center (ggf) advances equality and inclusion through philanthropy, programming, and advocacy that uplifts the lgbtq community.

our vision a thriving lgbtq community. 

contactguilford green foundation
121 n. greene street, greensboro, nc 27401
336-790-8419
hours: tuesday - friday 12-5 pm find us on:facebook page opens in new windowx page opens in new windowlinkedin page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new windowmail page opens in new window

 









					© 2025 guilford green foundation. all rights reserved website development and maintenance by get you found digital marketing


2017 extreme nonprofit makeover recipient








go to top






















































