








your nevada travel guide & resources - virginia city nv









































virginia city nv

 your nevada travel guide & resources






primary menu
skip to content
homeaboutcontact usdisclaimerprivacy policyterms of usemenu


















go visit las vegas

top 15 las vegas tips for traveling on a budget!




<
>




 


featured post


top 5 tourist attractions in nevada usa

posted on november 24, 2014 by  


the state of nevada has continued to attract different visitors yearly and this can be hugely attributed to the several tourist attractions in nevada. the state is famous for its gambling and entertainment and most people do not even know that there exist some other attractions that will amaze any traveler.
so if you are planning on visiting nevada for vacation any time soon, below are some of the top tourist attractions in nevada you should check to ensure your vacation is a complete and fun filled one. listed in no particular order are top 5 tourist attractions in nevada.
national automobile museum

this museum is located in reno, south of truckee river and nests cars that have rich history that can be traced back to the 19th century. most cars in the museum were donated by the famous william f. harrah, a casino owner and an automobile lover.
cars that can be found here include the v -16 cadillac, a jeep with a ferrari engine and a 24 karat gold-plated delorean among others.
the museum opens monday through friday and adults pay a token of $9 to gain entry while children between ages 6 and 18 pay $3. it is free for children under 5 and seniors are to pay $7.
grand canyon tour

this is one of the major tourist attractions in nevada. it is the second largest canyon in the world with a depth of about 6000 feet and having 800 million gallons of water flow through it every hour. it houses about 88 species of mammals, 25 reptile types, and over 250 species of bird.
the grand canyon was made a national park in 1919.
it is a major destination for persons that want to learn about nature, culture, history, and science. activities such as rafting, hiking, and search for rare birds can be done.
lake mead cruise

this is the largest reservoir in the usa and can be as long as 112 miles when in its full volume. it is about 500 feet deep and has around 550 miles of shoreline. located about 24 miles from the strip southeast of las vegas, tourists have their hands full with several amazing activities on their visit to the lake.
boating, fishing, water skiing, sunbath, and swimming are some of the many things to do on your visit to the lake.
fremont street

this is a street rich in culture and history and dates back to the year las vegas was founded – 1905.
it is famous to be the street with many “firsts” as far as las vegas is concerned. it is the first street to be paved and also the first to have a traffic light.
wayne newton is one of the famous singers to grace this city with over 50 years of performance in the golden nugget after it was opened in 1946 and newton started singing at the fremont hotel in 1959.
what are the attractions and major activities to partake in? free live entertainment, intimate party atmosphere and several great casinos are some of the attractions to watch out for.
las vegas strip

nevada cannot be fully discussed without a mentioned of this place – the las vegas strip. with over 37 million visitors yearly, this can be said to be the major attraction to nevada.
the strip is host to the world’s largest hotels and is the brightest city on planet earth when viewed from space.
the city that never sleeps is host to such activities as gambling, shopping, photography, drinks, and nightlife.
these are just some of the tourist attractions in nevada and a visit to this state is sure to wow you with every second spent.


posted in nevada travel ideas






the best spa hotels in manuel antonio costa rica

posted on july 31, 2015 by  




manuel antonio is one of the best places in costa rice for tourist who enjoy nature and wildlife watching. in fact, national geographic has rated manuel antonio as one of the biological intense places on the face of earth. the manuel antonio national park, the most popular national park in costa rica, is named after this place. 
manuel antonio is also considered an ideal place for leisure tourists who want to relax and get pampered at a spa. to cater the demands of these type of tourists, a number of spa hotels have come up there. 
this article will focus on the best spa hotels in manuel antonio costa rica.
1) hotel si como no (http://www.sicomono.com/)
you come closer to nature when you stay at hotel si como no. the hotel has been intelligently designed to harmonize perfectly with the surrounding lush tropical rainforest. the property has a butterfly garden, spa facilities, an adult and family pool and a state of the art cinema. the cala spa provides a great atmosphere for relaxation. the staff uses local ingredients from the hotel’s own natural gardens to massage the sore muscles and rejuvenate your senses.
2) arenas del mar beach hotel & spa (http://www.arenasdelmar.com/)
arenas del mar is a beachfront resort that offering 38 luxurious rooms and set within 11 acres of the famed rainforest. the regular visitors of this resort include the eco-conscious and the luxury travelers. it is a carbon-neutral property and is within a short distance of the manuel antonio national park. the hotel has a couple of swimming pools, 2 restaurants and a small spa. the resort facilitates a variety of activities such as ocean kayaking, white water rafting, horseback riding and mountain biking. the spa here is pretty small compared to the spas of other hotels but what it lacks in size makes up by its full personalized attention and detail. they have a range of treatments that will rejuvenate your senses and relax your tired limbs.
3) the preserve at los altos (http://www.thepreserveatlosaltos.com/)
the preserve at los altos is a luxurious property in manuel antonio. it is a family friendly beach resort that gives you a mountain feel. the resort follows an open-air design and offers all kinds of five star amenities and access to natural surroundings. the orquidea spa is the pride of the resort; located just beneath the infinity pool, the spa has been designed to promote a feeling of being surrounded by the lush green trees and the ocean waters on all sides. the treatments available at the orquidea spa are simply amazing and the resort has experienced massage therapists in their rolls. their passion and knowledge is unparalleled.

[te_share_buttons]


posted in worldwide travel ideas






costa rica’s top 5 yoga destinations

posted on july 23, 2015 by  




costa rica is considered by many as one of the top yoga destinations around the world due to the fact that it offers incredible yoga retreats. with exotic and peaceful surroundings, these retreats provide visitors with a truly unique traveling experience. they are perfect for meditation and workouts that help you to connect with your breath, body and soul. if you are planning on visiting the country for some relaxing and exciting yoga workouts, you may want to know our top 5 yoga retreats in costa rica. and we have compiled the list as follows:
1) cala luna boutique hotel & villas
located in plush gardens on langosta beach in costa rica’s guanacaste region, cala luna boutique hotel & villas is one of the best yoga destinations in the world. its outdoor yoga studio is just seconds away from your luxurious private villa or hotel room, and just a few meters off the beach. this among other reasons makes it a wonderful place to meditate and connect with your inner-self.
2) blue spirit yoga and healing space

blue spirit is one of the best state-of-the-art yoga and meditation retreat centers in costa rica, offering a unique setting to all who are dedicated to personal growth and spiritual transformation. it features a wide yoga deck with spectacular ocean views, a full-service spa and many other incredible outdoor facilities. retreats are held throughout the year, attracting professional yoga instructors from around the globe.
3) pranamar oceanfront villas and yoga retreat

built on the beautiful beach of playa santa teresa, this wonderfully designed oceanfront resort with deluxe villas is among the top 5 yoga retreats in costa rica. its exciting yoga classes in tropical and exotic surroundings will get you immersed in nature’s rhythm to rejuvenate the mind and body.
4) bamboo yoga play
located just at the base of rain-forested mountains where the baru river connects to the sea, this fantastic destination in costa rica sets the standard in wellness, providing an extensive variety of yoga, dance, and massage services in a serene environment. here you will indulge yourself in many different styles of yoga, thanks to the instructors who have perfectly mastered the art of yoga
5) harmony hotel 
located in the serene beach town of nosara, the harmony hotel is an incredible yoga resort in costa rica. it boasts a breathtaking yoga studio surrounded by jungle, where classes are held every day for guests and the general public. the harmony hotel is among the few gateway spots in the country to provide aerial yoga, which entails striking poses in a hammock suspended from the ceiling.
costa rica is the perfect destination for all types of tourists, from birding enthusiasts (costaricafocus.com) to adventure seekers (adventuretourscostarica.com)… no matter your travel preference, costa rica has something for everyone.



posted in worldwide travel ideas






a unique beach honeymoon in costa rica

posted on may 16, 2015 by  



costa rica has two magnificent coastlines a short plane-ride away from each other. so, it is no wonder the country has become an ideal destination for couples loving beach honeymoons. although famous for it sun-baked stretches of white sand beaches, the small country has plenty of other attractions like mountaintop views, verdant jungles and volcanoes. here, wildlife thrives across the coasts and in the lush green forests. costa rica constitutes about only 0.1% of the world’s landmass, but it has nearly 5% of the biodiversity in the world.
manuel antonio, our featured honeymoon beach destination:

manuel antonio, a small town located on the central pacific coast, is considered as one of the ultimate spots for beach honeymooners. the northern part of manuel antonio beach has excellent waves providing surfing options for both novices and expert surfers. you cannot miss the amazing experience of watching the rich flora and fauna the manuel antonio national park offers. there are plenty of fun activities in this coastal region including snorkeling, sport-fishing, scuba diving, horse-back riding, surfing lessons, atv tours, zip-lining, birdwatching (if you are a birding enthusiast we highly recommend you to check out costa rica focus, they are experts in this awesome niche)  and much more. you can also take a boat ride to an estuary. the beaches near this town are very clean and eco-friendly. manuel antonio has plenty of luxury hotels and resorts offering special packages for newly weds. one hotel we can recommend for experiencing a great beach honeymoon in costa rica is the preserve at los altos resort & spa, we consider this hotel to be the best you can get in costa rica’s central pacific coast.

climate:
the climate in costa rica remains mostly tropical round the year with minor changes due to rainfall, topography, elevation. the year is divided into two seasons: the dry summer (december to april) and the rainy season (may to november). it is best to plan your trip to costa rica in the summer. however, keep in mind that the caribbean coast experiences rainfall throughout the year.
costa rica offers everything for everyone:

while in costa rica, you will get to experience the country’s exotic cuisine that is a blend of spanish, caribbean, native american and more cuisines. top recipes in costa rica include gallo pinto, casado, tamal, tres leches cakes and ceviche. the costa ricans, or ticos as they call themselves, are very amicable. hailing from a country that thrives on tourism, they know how to respect and care of their tourists. if you are a nature lover, you have plenty of destinations to explore in this country like the monteverde cloud forest reserve, the arenal volcano national park, drake bay, tortuguero national park and more.
take a trip to costa rica with your loved one and you both will cherish the memories for your lifetimes.


posted in worldwide travel ideas






travel tips for visiting las vegas

posted on november 15, 2014 by  


even though travel is supposed to be about relaxation and having a great time, it is sometimes the cause of plenty of stress. a vacation to las vegas that is not carefully planned can be disastrous. follow the tips below to put yourself in the best position.
top 15 tips for traveling to las vegas on a budget!

after choosing a destination such as las vegas nevada, spend some time learning more about your destination. find a map of vegas and study it for the specific locations you plan to visit. it will be easier for you to get around when you know about the area.
be careful when getting into a taxi in another country. you should make an effort to ensure it’s a legitimate taxi before you actually enter the vehicle. anyone can throw a “taxi” sign up and you won’t know who they are or where they will take you.
keep your most important information and items close to you at all times. when carrying a handbag, hold it securely against your body using your arm. do not rely on shoulder straps alone. don’t carry a bag with a zip that someone could easily open in a crowded area. these are all points to be considered when selecting the bag you wish to take on your travels.
it is customary to tip any hotel staff that makes your stay easier. tipping the bellhop around $1 per bag and the housekeeping staff around $2 to $5 per day is certainly not excessive. if you can tip these people appropriately, you will find that you will have a better relationship with the hotel staff during your stay.
if you are traveler with a motorcycle license, this can be a great way to travel around vegas. the quick movements, efficient gas use and overall enjoyment will give the trip a great start. it can be a wonderful experience.
become a member of forums and websites that revolve around travel, for example www.vegas.com and www.lasvegas.com. getting involved with others that travel is a great way to get prepared for your trip. not only will you make new friends by sharing your travel experiences, but you will also learn new things and may even learn about a hidden gem you check out while on your las vegas vacation.
steer clear of rush hour when traveling by car. at the very least, take a stop during that time. use this time to get a snack or allow the children to get some exercise.
when flying to las vegas, sleeping medication can help you get through a rough flight. people often have difficulty sleeping on planes due to small spaces, aircraft noises, and fellow passengers. take a mild sleeping pill to get you through the flight. nothing too strong, but enough to make you drowsy. don’t take the medication before you go in case there are delays or problems with the plane.
if you are traveling by car and have a child with you on your road trip, be sure to get out of the car every couple of hours. breaks will let you stretch and use the restroom. kids can get some fresh air, too. while your trip may be a bit longer, less stress will make any delay worthwhile.
think about different transportation modes. bus travel has changed a lot. buses are often inexpensive, clean and convenient methods of travel. package deals to las vegas may also be available to you, making planning a great trip fast and easy.
bring earplugs when you travel if you’re easily woken up. some hotel walls are not sound proof. a cheap pair of earplugs will prevent you from hearing what the people next door are up to, meaning you should get a restful night of sleep.
you may get angry if travel plans fall through. flights can be cancelled, or your rental car might not be ready. when this happens, only you or the travel agent can resolve the problem. make sure that you work towards solving the problem, otherwise it can quickly escalate into a major issue. try staying polite and calm. you can get more accomplished this way.
while traveling to las vegas is intended to be fun and relaxing, it can also become very tiresome if you do not know the tricks to make your trip smoother. by making use of the information given above, you can be assured that your plans will be made with relative ease and your time away a moment to remember forever.


posted in las vegas travel tips






 
search



categories

general hotel tips

general travel tips

las vegas travel tips

nevada travel ideas

worldwide travel ideas




featured posts


the best spa hotels in manuel antonio costa rica


costa rica’s top 5 yoga destinations


a unique beach honeymoon in costa rica


top 5 tourist attractions in nevada usa


travel tips for visiting las vegas


recent hotel tips
don’t let a bad hotel ruin your vacation, use these tips to find the besthotel secrets the big chains don’t want you to knowtake some time out to consider hotelstips for hotels that any novice can usewhat you must know about choosing your hotel when vacationing
recent travel tips
get the most out of your travel plans with these tipstravelling should help you relax and open new possibilities for you. learn more by reading these tips.tips for lowering costs while traveling wellpacking light without leaving behind the essentialshow to plan for a successful road trip that everyone will love







            	copyright © 2025 virginia city nv - 2450 hall street, 
las vegas, nv 89101 - phone: 702-460-4385





 







 


