





ancient world – find every thing you what to know about the ancient world history























skip to content







ancient world
find every thing you what to know about the ancient world history





menu









menu



















the aryans 




							posted on december 2, 2013						





they called themselves the “noble ones” or the “superior ones.” their names are lost; their tribal names are lost. but when they found themselves conquerors, they gave themselves the name “superior” or…






sebiumeker 




							posted on november 28, 2013						





sebiumeker was an anthropomorphic god of procreation the meroitic (nubian) pantheon. his main center of worship is in the temple complex at musawwarat el-sufra in the desert east of the sixth cataract…






imhotep 




							posted on november 26, 2013						





god of the architecture and the sciences, he have the appearance of a man dressed in the robes of a noble with the punt beard and carrying the tools of a builder….






bes 




							posted on november 23, 2013						





god of the home, childbirth, infants, humor, song and dance, have the appearance of a fat bearded dwarf, ugly to the point of being comical. he is often shown sticking out his…






shesmetet 




							posted on november 6, 2013						





shesmetet was a leonine goddess and was probably merely a manifestation of sakhmet. shesmeter gives birth to the king according to the pyramid texts and with the democratization of egyptian theology, becomes…






shesmu (shezmu, shesemu, shezmou) 




							posted on november 6, 2013						





shesmu (shezmu, shesemu, shezmou, shesmou, sezmu, sesmu, schesmu, schezemu) was an ancient egyptian demon-god of the underworld. he was a slaughtering demon, god of precious oils for beauty and embalming and a…






who were the aryans 




							posted on november 5, 2013						





the aryans were semi-nomadic nordic whites, perhaps located originally on the steppes of southern russia and central asia, who spoke the parent language of the various indo-european languages. latin, greek, hittite, sanskrit,…






weben 




							posted on october 31, 2013						





related to the verb weben (wbn), meaning “to rise”, “rise in brilliance” or “shine” as well as ben-ben, the up thrust sacred stone of heliopolis, benu (bennu) describes a bird that was…





posts navigation
1
2
…
39
next




 ancient asian world

ancient egypt world

architecture

festivals & celebrations

god & divinity

god & godess

king of egypt

people & culture

tools & invention

vedas








				©2025 ancient world

				

					 | design: newspaperly wordpress theme
















