








aisle-by-aisle grocery list software, grocery coupon organizer


















please enable java script to run in order for the links on this page to work.













frugal shoppers
                                          rave about the amazing aisle-by-aisle grocery list program
                                                that helps you zip through the store and out the door.
                                























aisle-by-aisle  |  
                            sales and coupons  |  
                            home budget  |  
                            delivery business  |  
                            faq  |  
                            try it  |  
                            buy it








 












features:

✔ aisle-by-aisle grocery list saves steps at the store.
✔ use it online from any computer or phone. nothing to download.
✔ track sales to save money.
✔ organize coupons to save money.

view video












if i could hand you an aisle-by-aisle grocery list ...

► would you zip through the store in half the time?
want to see what an aisle-by-aisle list looks like?
take a peek here.
see the same list for a different store.
see the same list with coupon information.






if you had an aisle-by-aisle grocery list would you spend less money on impulse items?

► one study says the average u.s. consumer spends more than $10 on impulse buys every trip to the supermarket.

                                    ► did you know that the average american family spends anywhere from $7,000 to $18,000 on food every year and a good part of that is spent in the grocery store?
                                    the average american family spends upwards of $80 a week on "impulse" purchases alone.
                                
► according to cnn.com, studies show that for each additional minute you spend in a grocery store past half an hour, you will likely spend between 50 cents and $1.





starting a grocery shopping and delivery business?if your clients used this aisle-by-aisle program to make their grocery list ...

► would you be able to shop for more clients in less time?
► would your clients like the convenience of making their grocery list online?
► even if not a businesss, would this be a more convenient way of shopping for family members who are home-bound?





if your aisle-by-aisle grocery list had sales and coupon reminders printed right on it ...

► would you remember to use your coupons?
► would you try to combine sales and coupons for double savings?
► would you have a tool to control your budget?

                                    let's say you have a stack of coupons that you have cut out from the newspaper or have downloaded with your computer.
                                    where are those coupons? how are they organized? how will you match them to items on your list?
                                    how will you know which ones to use at checkout?
                                

                                    this system matches coupons to items. it's your automatic reminder at checkout,
                                    because right there on your list it tells you what coupons to use.
                                





frequently asked questions



if i shop at two stores, do i have to make two lists?


                                    no. once your list is ready, just print it for one store, and then print it again for another store.
                                    now you have an aisle-by-aisle list for each store, different layouts, but the same items on the list.
                                

how does it work on my phone?


                                    first make your grocery list on any computer.
                                    then on your phone open the web browser and go to aislebyaisle.com.
                                    log in with your email and you're on your way to zipping through the store and out the door.
                                

is it complicated to use?

no and yes. start out simple. use only the features you want. it grows with you.

how is the program smart enough to make an aisle-by-aisle list?


                                    the program follows a two-step process. first it asks, "in what category is the item (categories like produce, meat, bread, etc.)?"
                                    second it asks, "in what aisle is the category?" as you use the program, you can assign categories and aisles. so you have full control over your aisle-by-aisle list.
                                    the program uses starter templates to make it easy, and you can refine it as you go.
                                

can someone else besides me set up the store aisles?

oh yes. you and a fellow shopper can cooperate. make sure that you both are working on the same store with the same address. then when one of you changes the store aisles online, the other shopper can see those changes.

can i see what stores other users have already put into the system?


									yes, go to  stores already in the system.


how will this help me to use coupons?

coupon reminders show directly on your grocery list.

how will this help me shop for recipes?


                                    not only can you make a grocery list, but you can also make lists of lists. in other words, you can have weekly lists, monthly lists, and a stack of recipe lists.
                                    and the system remembers them all. they are right at your fingertips.
                                

how will this help me to shop for others, either as a favor or as a grocery delivery service?

friends, family, or clients can make their grocery list on their computer.
                                   then you log on as them and shop for them.
                                

if i am home bound, how will this help me?

you can make your list online. add comments (special instructions) to each item as you wish.
                                for example, say what size or what brand to get.
                                then your helper can log in with your email and see your list with your comments.

what does it cost?


                                    try it free for a couple months. then buy it with bitcoin for a reasonable price.
									the buy screen has a link to a site where you can view bitcoin value to dollar value.
                                

is my privacy protected?

yes. we do not share your email with anyone. your email is your logon.
                                   now if you were to log on with your friend's email, that would allow you to shop for your friend.
                                   or you can shop for your parent(s) who can't get out to the store, just by using their email to log on.
                                











                                        would you like to try it right nowon your smart phone?
                                    


									► nothing to download or install, because this is a web-based application.
									no credit card required. it's free for a couple months. get started instantly.
								

                                    ► try it now. grab your phone. open your browser. point your phone browser to aislebyaisle.com.
                                    it asks for an email, and this email will be your logon in the future.
                                    do you see a grocery list name? do you see a sample store name? good.
                                    (tip: from your browser menu, choose "add to home screen." next time, you're only a tap away.)
                                
► next . . . customize your grocery lists and customize your stores.
                                    your computer handles that. now that you have already logged on with your phone,
                                    go ahead and log on with your computer, using the same email.
									your computer does all the fancy stuff (make lists, set up stores, etc.).
                                    after that, while you're at the store, on your phone, do these simple steps:
1) choose a list
								   2) choose a store
								   3) view your list aisle-by-aisle as you zip through that store.

                                    so now you have the best of both worlds, a full-featured computer program plus convenient viewing of the results.
                                    full-featured means your list can show comments, coupon information, sales, prices,
                                    all according to information that you plug in and customize.
                                    for example, your spouse can make a list on another computer and enter a comment saying
                                    "get the large size of brand x on the bottom shelf at the far end of the aisle."
                                    how easy it is for you to simply view the comment, along with the rest of the list,
                                    right there in the palm of your hand!
                                









►
buy with 0.0003 bitcoin
◀






next step . . . after you pay with bitcoin,
	
	your email, that same email address, is how you and your family log onto aisle-by-aisle from now on.
	please allow a day or so for aisle-by-aisle to process your payment and to enable your email logon access.
privacy notice: we keep your email confidential and do not share it with anyone.
view bitcoin to dollars: conversion values for bitcoin and satoshi.
rather than refund after buying, we offer a free trial before buying. that works out better for both of us, because then you can decide for sure.







what users say ...

it might be something that could save me time that i could be spending with my 4 children!

                                    i spend much less time in back-tracking and just browsing (hoping i'll
                                    see something) and also buy less from impulse buying since i can
                                    generally go right to the product.
                                





what users say ...


                                    what a wonderful tool this is to keep this mother of four happy even
                                    doing the grocery shopping ... which i might add used to be a complete
                                    pain and huge expense when i bought lots of things we really didn't
                                    need while i was looking for the things we did!  i have finally found a
                                    way to save time and money... thanks for this great program!!
                                





what users say ...

i am starting a price-sharing co-op and think this software might help my future customers!
i need a tool to for my elderly parents to use for grocery shopping.





what users say ...

i wanted to try your software so i can actually use my coupons instead of being upset with myself for forgetting to use them.
the more i use your program the more i like it and the more organized i get.

                                    i just started couponing and keeping recipes, and when i go to the
                                    grocery store, it is a hassle to go down the aisle (in an unfamiliar
                                    store nonetheless) and search for the products and then remember that i
                                    have a coupon for it.
                                





what users say ...


                                    i recently went shopping with my wife to walmart using a hand written
                                    shopping list and took hours.... she wants me to go again--please help!!!!!
                                
i back track too often in the store with my current list i use.

                                    the idea is incredibly novel and would help to coupon/plan meals/avoid
                                    impulse shopping....and as a very broke, very frustrated single mom...hallelujah!
                                




your spouse can make a grocery list on any computer anywhere, and instantly you can view it in the palm of your hand.
















links for this site












returning users:
log on


webmasters:
                                            encourage repeat visitors to your site with a novel approach.
                                            feature
                                            a link to this free online grocery list maker.
                                            this fully working free app is patterned after the more elaborate paid-for app.
                                            to use this app, visitors must come to your website first in order to click on the link.
                                            if visitors try to go directly to that link, it will not work.
                                            so encourage visitors to return to your site over and over again.
                                        

contact





family-friendly checkstand zone


a healthier body—you can do it


making your mark as a teen entrepreneur


achieve optimal well-being on a budget: healthy living at its finest


leveraging personal shopping for college success: an entrepreneurial blueprint


guard your future: practical advice for young people on money management

chocolate chip oatmeal cookie recipe






my other sites


the rapture solution—putting the puzzle together


microsoft access and excel development tools. achieve dazzling results in record time!








links to other sites



















creativehomemaking.com your source for recipes, cleaning tips, home decorating, crafts, organizing, and more!
                                        


















                            copyright 2005. all rights reserved.
                            design by
                            cookdojo.com















