















hotel charlotte: a historic hotel near yosemite national park










































best available rate

 call (209) 962-6455 for assistance









menu


main menu
skip to image rotation. please use up and down arrow keys to navigate between images.
skip to primary content
skip to secondary content
rooms

guest rooms

guest rooms overview
traditional rooms
deluxe rooms
grand suites
pet friendly rooms
360 virtual tour


book now
check availability
gift certificates


amenities

amenities overview
packages
events, retreats & weddings


about

about us
policies
photo gallery


things to do

area activities
restaurants


charlotte’s tavern

charlotte’s tavern
bottle rockin’ bartender competition


find us

map
driving directions
contact information


blog
 

















welcome to hotel charlotte!
come enjoy an authentic old west experience at the hotel charlotte, located at the gateway to yosemite national park! 
hotel charlotte is respected for its one of a kind vintage charm, a wonderfully inviting ambiance, on-site restaurant and bar, charlotte’s tavern, and stellar service to make you feel right at home.
here, you’ll be welcomed by our friendly and knowledgeable staff who will help you settle into one of our 13 unique guest rooms.  our rustic rooms feature modern amenities, like complimentary wi-fi, and are the perfect retreat after your yosemite adventure.  we also welcome your four-legged friends in select pet-friendly rooms.
our on-site restaurant and bar, charlotte’s tavern, features premium quality, home-style comfort cuisine.  treat yourself to a hand-crafted cocktail, cold beer and local wines.  charlotte’s tavern is open thursday – sunday from 5:00pm – 9:00pm for dinner, with happy hour from 4:00pm – 5:00pm.
contact us today for more information or to book your stay at one of the best hotels near yosemite national park in groveland, california!












book direct and save!
what’s in it for you? by booking directly at hotel charlotte, you:

 have direct access to specials and packages not offered through online bookers, and direct communication with the innkeepers to personalize and optimize your stay.
receive clear expectations and more accurate information as online bookers don’t know the properties as well as our onsite staff.
receive the lowest possible rate by using the promo code: bookdirect.








rooms




packages




area






visiting yosemite national park: plan in advance
a reservation will be required to drive into yosemite during summer 2024. 

january 1 through february 9: no reservation required to drive into yosemite.
february 10 through 25: a reservation is required 24 hours per day on saturdays, sundays, and on washington’s birthday (monday, february 19).
february 26 through april 12: no reservation required to drive into yosemite.
april 13 through june 30: a reservation is required from 5 am to 4 pm on saturdays, sundays, and on holidays (may 27 and june 19).
july 1 through august 16: a reservation is required from 5 am to 4 pm every day.
august 17 through october 27: a reservation is required from 5 am to 4 pm on saturdays, sundays, and on holidays (september 2 and october 14).

















recent posts


introducing charlie fawn!: 
			howdy! my name is charlie fawn! i’d like to welcome you to charlie fawn adventures.  follow my new blog here at hotelcharlotte.com/blog to come along…		

charlotte deferrari, a woman ahead of her time: 
			since the early 1800’s when groveland was known as “second garrotte”, women have been running businesses here.   the hotel charlotte’s listing in the national register…		






hotel charlotte
18736 main street
                groveland, ca 95321
https://www.hotelcharlotte.com

latitude: 37.839168 longitude: -120.2325517
phone: (209) 962-6455
 reservations@hotelcharlotte.com
responsive web design, marketing and hosting by acorn marketing
professional photography by
                                            g tour photos

privacy policy | accessibility statement
site map
















