 21orover – women, food and adventure  
generalsubmit infonewslettercontact us


search for:


search
 skip to contentafricaalgeriaangolacameroondoualakribilimbeyaoundedjiboutiegyptethiopiagambiaghanatakoradikenyamombasanairobilesothomadagascarantananrivomalimauritaniamoroccomozambiquequelimanenambianigeriaport harcourtrwandasenegalsouth africacapetowndurbanjohannesburgpretoriaswazilandtaiwantunisiauzbekistanugandazambiazimbabweasiaafghanistanarmeniaazerbaijanbangledeshburmacambodiachinaindiajapankazakhstanlaosmalaysiamyanmarnepalpakistansingaporesouth koreasri lankathailandvietnameuropeaustriabelarusbosnia – herzegovinabulgariacroatiacyprusczech republicbrnoestoniafinlandfrancegeorgiagermanylinkslist germanyregionsbaden-württembergheidelberg – kaiserslauten – ludwigshafenbayernmunich areafreiburglindau-friedrichshafennürnbergrosenheimwürzburgberlinberlin areabrandenburgbremenhamburghamburghamburg areahannoverhessenfrankfurt am main areawiesbadenmecklenburg-vorpommernniedersachsennordrhein-westfalenbonn/cologne areadortmund areabochumessenherne horsthausen closedgelsenkirchendüsseldorf, colonge areamönchengladbachwuppertalrheinland-pfalzlimburgsaarlandsachsendresdenfreiburgleipzigsaarlandsaarbrückensachsen-anhaltschleswig-holsteinthüringenirelanditalycatania stradaflorencegenovapalermomilannaplesperugiariminirometurintuscanyveronaluxembourgmonaconetherlandsalkmaarbelgian bordergoudagroningenhaarlemklein-ulsdaleidenlemiers/vaalsmaastrichtmoordrechtroermondrotterdamsex farmsswinger clubsutrechtvlodropzaandijknorwaypolandportugalromaniarussiaserbia – montenegroslovakiasloveniaspainswedenswitzerlandukraineunited kingdomescortsmassagestrip clubsmiddle eastbahraincyprusiranisraellebanonomansyriaturkeyunited arab emiratesabu dhabidubaifujairahnorth americacaribbeanantiguaarubabahamasbarbadosbermudacubacienfuegosguanabohavanaholguinsantiagovaraderohaitijamaicamartiniquepuerto ricost. maartentrinidad & tobagous virgin islandscentral americabelizeel salvadorguatemalahondurasnicaraguapanamacanadaalbertacalgaryedmontonred deerbritish columbiavancouvermanitobawinnipegnew brunswickfrederictonnova scotiasaint johnontariobarriehamiltonkitchenermississauganiagra fallsottawaquebecdorionmontrealquébec cityrigaudsaint-jovite/ tremblant areamexicounited statesmidwestillinoisbelvederechicagodecatureast st louisglen ellynharveylombardmt. prospectparkridgeport byronprospectrockfordindianaiowamichiganminnesotamissouriohiowisconsinnorth eastconnecticutmainemassachusettsnew hampshirenew jerseyedisonlodimorristownnewarkplainfieldsomersetnew yorkpennsylvanialancasterphiladelphiapittsburgrhode islandvermontpacificalaskaarizonacaliforniacoloradohawaiiidahomontananevadabrothels for saleinterstate 80 arealas vegas areareno/carson city areagenerallinksnew mexicooregonutahwashingtonwyomingsouthalabamaarkansasdelawarefloridageorgiakentuckylouisianamississippisouth carolinagenerallinksoceaniaaustraliaadelaidebalibrisbanecanberrafyshwickhobart/tasmaniamelbournemitchellnewcastleperthsydneybrothelskings crosslinksfijilautokanadisuvaguamkaraoke clubsmassagestrip clubsnew zealandaucklandchristchurchdunedinqueenstowntakanninisouth americaargentinaboliviasanta cruzlodgingbrazilrio de janeirocentrowomenescorts (agencias)free lancersmassage termasstrip clubs (boites)copacabanaroselleipanemareportchilecolombiaecuadorguyanavenezuelaparaguayguatemalaperusurinameuruguaymontevideovenezuelauser forum


 

 

just the facts is our mottowomen, food and adventure is what we're looking for. please leave out the dramatics in the directory. you can post those in our special section. remember to include what anyone visiting would need to know instead.


 often referred to as "the land of smiles" thailand offers less expensive travel but requires more expense to get there as well as time
read more »


 germany is known for some of the world's best automobiles but did you know it offers world class adult entertainment and  some of the most scenic sites and cities
read more »


 canada just north of the us offers european style and multi national talent. great beer, scenic rookies, hockey and some of the most friendly people in america
read more »


 japan leads is electronics and offers safe travel, bullet trains and rdl's in all the major cities. don't forget this is where sushi came from
read more »


 known for some of the most beautiful women in the world, travel to down under where adult fun is both legal and economical
read more »


 just south of the border lies some of the lowest priced adult fun, be sure to sample the tacos found at several locations. plenty of options
read more »a free directory to the world's best adult locations without all the hype and conversations of a forum. we stride to create a guide with just the facts: names, addresses, costs and basic recommendations. wanna contribute use the form at the top of the page.we welcome new and updated information of your favorite women, food and destinations. 21 or over adults onlywe've got plenty of free reading material, we're always looking for local experts
who want to make a name for themselves and add changes and updates. use the
contact form to submit your offers.check out our general info
plus health
and safety or travel
tips
nevada brothels shut down on governor’s order
  by  mr 21  uncategorized 
governor sisolak orders the closing of all non-essential businesses for 30 days starting 3/17/2020 as nevada’s legal brothels remain closed, sex workers think bias is at play when word got to alice little that brothels in nevada would be closing for 30 days to comply with state orders and slow… continue readingtagged   brothel, covid closures, nevada, nevada brothels
another brothel closing as industry shrinks
  by  mr 21  nevada 
by mark waite pahrump valley times mwaite@pvtimes.com november 19, 2014 – 8:01 am beatty — shady lady ranch brothel owner bobbi davis announced she will be the latest brothel owner to close down on highway 95. her establishment closes at midnight dec. 14. that reduces the number of brothels in… continue readingtagged   nevada, nevada brothels, shady lady ranch
poozer’s january 2022 prague report
  by  mr 21  czechoslovakia, prague 
this is my report of a long weekend in prague, concentrating exclusively on the escort scene.  the trip was designed to make maximum use of the time available, and hopefully ensure some reliability about what i would be getting.  i am from london, and usually go to germany for fkk… continue readingtagged   poozer's january 2022 prague report
sex workers in europe struggle to survive as clubs slowly reopen
  by  mr 21  amsterdam, netherlands 
lotte alberg, who owns two sex clubs in amsterdam’s famous red-light district, is relieved to see her staff back at work. club bonton and club lv both reopened this week after four months of lockdown due to the coronavirus pandemic. news that clubs and brothels could reopen in the netherlands… continue readingtagged   amsterdam, netherlands
coronavirus forces adjustments for adult workers in germany, where prostitution is legal
  by  mr 21  germany 
the government in 2002 had improved the rights of sex workers by taking 1927 laws legalizing prostitution even further, allowing workers to advertise and enter formal contracts. health insurance and pensions were also obtainable. that helped germany become an even more popular destination for sex workers and customers from around… continue readingtagged   adult entertainment, europe, germany
japan’s sex industry remains open amid coronavirus pandemic
  by  mr 21  japan 
clients are only given a wet towel to clean themselves scmp reports that japan’s sex industry is remaining open amid the coronavirus pandemic. japan has been in a state of emergency since 7 april resulting in tokyo’s nightlife closing down. restaurants, like many around the world, have limited their service… continue readingtagged   adult entertainment, asia, japanno comments
wellington
  by  mr 21  new zealand, oceania, wellington 
wellington, new zealand wellington great place… pick up escorts in the paper, try the evening post newspaper they list freelance escorts in there .many to choose from. i think wednesday or saturday paper is best…many great bars also in the area to pick up free…the big easy club..just the like… continue readingtagged   new zealand, oceania, wellingtonget updates join our email newsletter



 earthafricaasiaeuropemiddle eastnorth americaoceaniasouth americaprivacy policyterms of servicepage property of 21orover.com 
21orover.com copyright 1999-2025 all rights reserved


   
 





