
rv camping clubs - southern california camping club for families even if you do not have kids



 



























      circle city campers was 
      established in 1971 as a private rv family camping club which now has 
members in the 
southern california - greater inland 

empire 
      regional area, including los angeles, 
      orange, riverside, san bernardino and san diego county rv'ers.


we are a family rv camping club with a small 
      group of both young and old
            
            


(humm... 
      not so very old!) couples and families who enjoy outdoor local camping 
      trips where we can pack up our rv's and hang out around the campfire, 
      fish, catch up on some rest and share recipes.

the clubs center point for travel reference 
      is the 91fwy at the 15fwy (corona, california), setting a one-way 110-120 
      mile limit. although its not carved in stone, it serves as a distance 
      guideline for the rv parks and campgrounds where we like to camp. the 
      campgrounds we attend have full hookups which includes a special rate 
      discount.

most of the time we have an informal club 
      potluck type breakfast and dinner on saturday with everyone kicking in a 
      recipe. we're not really a dry camping club. however, many in our club 
get 
      together on the off weekends and do other types of camping activities as 
      well. 

our campouts run from barstow to san diego, 
      and from ventura to palm springs. our members come from all over the 
      southern california area. it's a family atmosphere. we average around 
      20-25 rigs in attendance at each campout as the members schedule permit. 
      some come in on thursday but most of us arrive throughout the day on 
      friday and are gone by mid-sunday afternoon.  

the club member make-up is families 
      including kids, middle age couples with their children off to play 
      (college?), 

and 
      retired folks enjoying the mix that the club brings along with their 
      grandkids and great-grandkids. everyone one is friendly and enjoys a good 
      campfire story. most of the rigs are 5th wheelers, pull trailers, and 
      motorhomes. we discourage class b, pop-up trailers or tents in general 
      because the rv parks that we go to normally do not allow them. 


also keep in mind most rv parks we attend 
      have a "pride of ownership" clause in their contract, so if your rig is 
      pretty beat up you may run into some restrictions. 
dogs: just a quick reminder most rv parks 
      have some breed restrictions in place. so keep this in mind. 



our 
      current by-laws require you to attend one campout, meet our members, 
      introduce yourself, and then our club officers and you  decide if we 
      are a good match. if you want us and we want you, then you will need to 
      complete a membership application which has your name, address, phone and 
      some rig information for our files. 

we normally do not allow non-members to 
      attend more than one campout without joining our club since the rv parks 
      hold us accountable for your reservation, conduct, and you know the 
      rest... 

we also know it is very difficult to attend 
      an outing with a bunch of strangers, so we will do our best to certainly 
      make you feel at home. when you arrive at a campout on friday there are 
      always members on the lookout for you. 

take a moment, look over our 

schedule of events for the next 
      family campout... 




updated 2024-05-19










southern california camping
