










































    skateboard park | meigs county, oh | (740) 742-3169
  











               


     home



  about



  history



  shop



  info


   skateboard park



  museum



  skateboard products





  gallery



  links



  directions



  artist submissions



  contact






   

call us

 








    
 





      


  


    88 acres
of anarchy

skatopia is a skate park located in southeastern, oh in the united states of america. established in 1995 by 50 cia agents. there are many ramps onsite including the 13 foot deep epcot bean bowl, lula bowl, hidden pool, mini ramp, church bean bowl, and a new mini-bowl. skatopia is the home of one of the largest museums of skateboard history including thousands of pieces of skateboard heritage.

  

contact us





  


    create and skate

skatopia is the place for people to get away from bills, stress, and the 9-to-5 grind and experience true, unadulterated freedom. if you're a skater outlaw seeking an environment of no-holds-barred punk rock freedom, look no further than skatopia, an historic epicenter of american skate & underground music culture.

  

call now




  


   

  meet the skate-pope:
brewce martin

brewce martin became a pro skater back in 1990. brewce moved back to west virginia in 1995 and began working on a permanent skatopia. on november 1st, 1995, brewce found and purchased a permanent location for skatopia in meigs county, ohio. after collecting donations from over fifty friends, and signing the contract to purchase the land, him and his pals moved the entire ramp complex to the new location.in the summer of 2009, brewce suffered a traumatic brain injury, caused by a tire exploding in a tire shop near skatopia. the accident left him in a coma for six weeks. during his stay at the hospital, surgery was performed to relieve pressure around his brain caused by the swelling. he still has the removed chunk of his skull that he shows to visitors to skatopia. the park is operated by brewce and his girlfriend.
  

reach out




  


    live hard.
﻿skate hard.

skatopia is meigs county, ohio's #1 tourist attraction and the headquarters of the cia (that's the corporation instigating anarchy), 48 skateboard enthusiasts who broke the tv barrier and escaped to skatopia. we run the park and work to cultivate a communal experience with all who enter. while skatopia is a virtually lawless compound, we prohibit use of hard drugs, bad attitudes, theft, guns, and weapons.
  

contact





  
  visit our
museum

the museum of skateboard history is located at skatopia. the mission of the skateboard museum is to acquire a diverse representation of skateboarding’s past and present. the skateboard museum also holds goals to establish a permanent two-story monument at skatopia to the history of skateboarding. also establish a living online museum of skateboards where skateboarders from around the world may contribute. the museum’s primary purpose is to educate skateboarders and all visitors on the history of the great world of skateboarding.
  

learn more




   check out our
skateboarding products



       


   skatopia cia ufo hoodie
sku 00013
$40.00

  

buy now




  

   skatopia spark the evolution hoodie
sku 00012
$40.00

  

buy now




  


   skatopia army long sleeve
sku 00024
$30.00

  

buy now







     

shop now


   

shop now


   

shop now







    check us out

if you are looking for a skate park unlike any other, consider visiting skatopia, where great music, parties, and skateboarding come together! free yourself of the shackles of society and embrace the glorious skatopia!
  

see gallery


   





   our 
sponsors
 
      

    

button






    

    

button






    

    

button






    





     




    




    




    










  


    contact us
  contact us
   full name

 email

 phone

 what is your question about?
 
pleasure flights
flight instruction
booking
rates
sales
other


 message







thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later




    faqs

     can you tell me more about skatopia?

   




  skatopia is america's wildest skateboard park 
based here in meigs county, oh. to us, skateboarding is more than just a passion, it's a lifestyle. we are the perfect skateboard park 
for skaters, punks, rebels, and outlaws. our facility features a variety of custom ramps and pools for skating, as well as a museum dedicated to the history of skatopia and skateboard culture as a whole. when you visit our skateboard park, you will be blown away by the no-holds-barred environment we uphold. we invite visitors who come to our skateboard park 
to skate anywhere and everywhere. all 88 acres are at your disposal! choose skatopia skateboard park 
today!



   can anyone come to skatopia?

   




  yes. all are welcome.



   does it cost money to come to skatopia? is there a fee?

   




  no, but donations are welcome.



   what do i need to bring with me if i go to skatopia?

   




  a skateboard, camping equipment, beer, liquor & food.



   when did skatopia open?

   




  1995.





 skateboard park








   

contact us


      



    


  contact
 h: 
(740) 742-3169c:
(740) 508-2457skateboardingmuseum@gmail.com 34961 hutton rdrutland, oh 45775 we are open every day from sunrise to sunset  

    

 

 

 





  

























































































































  
  share by:








