







find christian realtors & agents nationwide | christian real estate network




































































                home
              



                about
              



                faqs
              



                testimonials
              



              find a realtor®
            















                home
              



                about
              



                faqs
              



                testimonials
              



              find a realtor®
            














the perfect fitget matched with a christian real estate agent that meets your high standards for integrity, excellence, personal care & biblical values.christian realtors® nationwide





looking for someone you can trust?we get it.

 

during one of the biggest financial decisions a person can make, it can truly be a special blessing to partner with someone that can provide you godly counsel, help you wisely steward the resources god has given you, and pray for god’s leading and provision throughout the process. let us introduce you to a christian agent in our nationwide network!

 

meet a few of our realtors®




















michelle
“i love being a part of god‘s plan, with the ability to help families find their new home as part of their new adventures. god‘s timing is always perfect, and so is his plan, and i love being a part of helping that plan along.”






















tim
“i am proud to be a part of the christian real estate network and to be able to play a role in the relocation aspect of a person's life journey, to build new relationships and to accomplish dreams!”






















chris
“i believe that it takes a servant's heart to be a real estate agent. the client comes first and it's a partnership which often grows into a friendship. through these meaningful relationships, we get to share a small amount of christ's love.”






















monica
“in my conversation with buyers and sellers i alway try to call upon the name of jesus! i pray for them thanking god for blessing them with a home!”






















deante
“my favorite thing about being in real estate are the relationships i get to build with 'forever clients'. i also enjoy showing them a different side of business, where their family’s interests come first.”






















tammy
“my favorite thing about being in real estate is the ability to help people achieve their dreams. experience, honesty, and integrity are the pillars of my business. the christian real estate network creates the opportunity to find an agent you know you can trust.”



 









  

how does this work? complete a short form to explain your needs and situation.we personally review your request within 1 business-hour (mon-sat) and make a recommendation to a realtor® from our network.

  

★ there is no cost to you. ★ we only make a single introduction. you can request additional realtors® anytime. ★ there is no obligation to use the person we recommend.

 

we ❤️ making great connections!




“i wanted to thank you so very much for recommending joyce as our realtor. she was such a joy to be around. she was always going the extra mile, i could tell that she wasn’t motivated to sell us something. she just wanted god’s will for our situation. she became a close friend, and a true sister in christ. ”

— chris

 
















 


“i am happy to say david reached out to me the very next day after i received your response. it has brought such peace and joy to know we can reach out to godly christians that operate in integrity and excellence to assist the needs of others. thank you, and keep up the great work for the kingdom!”

— denise

 
















 


“thank you god for the christian real estate network and for my agent joanie! my husband and i had the best time purchasing our home. joanie prayed with us concerning our finding the house that god wanted us to live in including the neighborhood and we believe he answered our prayers. ”

— margaret

 
















 

read more stories of great connections made

 


















finding the right agent changes everything!
“our agent was such a blessing and she has become great friends of ours as we moved into this new city. the lord had his hand on this move through the entire process. thank you for your organization. it serves a great purpose!”     - deanna





commonly asked questions

 

i would love the opportunity to work with a brother or sister in christ. where do i start? we’ve tried to make the process as simple as possible. you can start by completing the short form here which takes about 2 minutes to complete. we usually respond to requests in less than one business hour. we then hand-select a realtor® that is a member of our network and send you their contact information. the agent also receives your contact information so you can get connected as quickly as possible. 



is this really free?yes! requesting an agent from our network is always free. after closing, the agents agree to pay the christian real estate network a portion of their commission called a referral fee. this is a very common practice in the real estate industry. this helps us keep the doors open to be able to continue to provide it as a free service. behind the scenes, we are also providing a service to our members by giving them opportunities to fellowship, meet together, receive training, and encourage them in their business and walk with jesus. 



are the agents in your network really “christians”?while only god knows the heart of a person, the agents in our network are followers of christ to the best of our knowledge based on an application process and relationships we have built with them over time. currently, 95% of our members are active in their church and over 70% are actively serving in some kind of ministry. hundreds of our members are even bi-vocational meaning they use real estate as a career to support their families so they can serve in ministry in some other capacity. 



what is the difference between a real estate agent and a realtor®?only real estate agents that are members of the national association of realtors® can use the title of realtor®. a realtor® has undergone screening, additional education, and is also held to a higher standard of accountability. currently, over 98% of the agents in the christian real estate network are realtors®



read more commonly asked questions

 

talking to a christian realtor® from our network is absolutely free! 

  


    find a realtor®
  

   

for over 20 years, we’ve had the amazing privilege to work with some of the best real estate agents in the country. these aren’t just top agents in their areas… they are truly amazing people that love god, love people, and see real estate as a true calling on their lives.it’s not hard to find the top producing real estate agent in a particular area - but it is hard to find someone that shares your values and will advocate on your behalf as your brother or sister in christ. that kind of connection is priceless. i hope you will give us the opportunity to make a recommendation for you. we are here for you every step of the way!  grace & peace,











 

co-founder & broker











 

“trust in the lord with all your heart, and lean not on your own understanding; in all your ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct your paths.”  proverbs 3:5-6

   










back to top




for agents




core values




ministry support




christian real estate network, p.o. box 1536, castle rock, co 80104
 











 

are you an agent? learn more about our online real estate brokerage: real broker







































