 






 texas online defensive driving course for ticket dismissal – tdlr approved
 
 




   






















 about us
help center
safe driving tips
log in
 cp022, school # c3249cp024, school #c3248


						over 9 million satisfied students
		  			

tickets & violations

defensive driving
traffic school
driver improvement


drivers ed
driving lessons
resources
trending
resources

drivers resource center
trending
help center


about us
log in
home > defensive driving > texas > ticket dismissal 
















											texas online defensive driving course for ticket dismissal										





#1 provider of texas defensive driving course for ticket dismissal

state approved for all tx traffic courts
shortest course allowed by texas law
guaranteed to pass. no final exam!
free e-certificates now available
may qualify for an insurance discount*
choose a course + driving record combo and save!
free audio – like listening to the radio!
fully narrated so you won’t spend hours reading
add video – like watching tv!


free e-certificates
as of nov. 1, 2018, tdlr now allows course providers to provide electronic certificates. get your certificate of completion in your hands immediately after course completion—instead of days!




now $29.00
sign up now 
 



																100% satisfaction guarantee
														


 

  
 
 
 



















 

what our students say






 over 19,000 reviews 94% of reviews are 4 stars or higher
 over 19,000 reviews 94% of reviews are 4 stars or higher














course details


course details


how it works


faqs





get your ticket dismissed with our texas defensive driving course
need to get a speeding ticket dismissed? not to worry, you’ve come to the right place. our texas defensive driving course makes it easy and fast to dismiss your ticket, keep your driving record clear, and avoid insurance rate hikes.
you’ll be done in no time!
in a hurry? our course features short chapters, engaging animations, and multiple-choice quizzes that teach you everything you need to know to be safe on the road and get your ticket dismissed. 
learn in a way that works for you
you can choose from three versions of our online course:
text: read, watch videos, and check your understanding with multiple choice questions. 
audio: learn on the go by listening to a narrator read the course to you. 
video: just watch and learn!
don’t forget your driving record! bundle and save
to dismiss a speeding ticket in texas, you're required to submit a driving record along with your defensive driving course completion certificate. we make those steps easy. your e-certificate will be emailed to you as soon as you finish the course and you can seamlessly order your driving record through us. no trip to the dps required! 
if you upgrade to our defensive driving course + driving record combo, you will save money overall! 
choose the #1 provider of defensive driving in texas 
here’s why our students choose i drive safely for ticket dismissal:

we are state- and student-approved. 94% of our reviews are 4 stars are higher.
we’re convenient. our online course is ready when you are.
our course is fast-paced and entertaining. read, watch, listen. you decide which works best for you!

get your ticket dismissed today. if you need assistance, our customer service team is standing by 7 days a week.


 

 



















what our students say



  over 19,000 reviews 94% of reviews are 4 stars or higher over 19,000 reviews 94% of reviews are 4 stars or higher





it was great
it was great. the videos made sure i didn’t get bored with the material and kept me focused on learning.
chris






i got high scores!
very helpful and informative. easy to follow and understand. well crafted and user-friendly. i got high scores too!
sonny j






good easy course
took the course that included videos. it was easy and printed out my certificate as soon as i was done.
ralf
 
 more resources 


texas traffic violations, ticket fine and penalties


how to fight a speeding ticket in texas




check out our additional resources above to help find what you are looking for!


bundle and save! 
defensive driving course & driving record combo
save money by ordering your driving record with your defensive driving course. it will also save you time because you'll need a copy for the court in order to dismiss your ticket. 

learn more



what are the different traffic safety courses in texas?

                    find all the up to date trends with all things driving! i drive safely has everything you need to know about defensive driving, traffic school, drivers education, and more!                
read article









texas online defensive driving course for ticket dismissal

$44 $29.00 sign up now






 

trustpilot



















 business hours: 6:30 am - 3:00 pm pdt
phone: (800) 990-2814
products
drivers ed
defensive driving
traffic school
driver improvement

company info
about us
help center
become a partner

about this site
privacy policy
terms and conditions
do not sell or share my information
sitemap
blog


© 2025 ·
  i drive safely®
  i drive safely®


top



        over 9 million satisfied students
    

        we build safer drivers
    








x
privacy manager
under certain us state laws, you have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information. while we do not sell your personal information, we do share it with our partners to deliver personalized ads across different websites and apps.
your privacy is a priority for us. you can manage your privacy preferences below. switching the toggle to “off” or gray indicates “do not sell or share my personal information"

we may sell or share your personal information on this website:




*please note: this setting will be saved for this browser. if you use a different browser or clear your cookies, you will need to set your preference again.
save & exit








