








homes & commercial realtor in ny & pa - gibson e. mckean real estate





















































































 











menu845-557-8338mckean@mckeanrealestate.combuy
sell
gibson e. mckean real estategibson e. mckean real estateproperties

houses under 250k
houses over 250k
land
water feature
commercial
rentals


search listings

map search
basic search
advance search
address search
browse by hamlets & towns


buy / sell

buy
sell
find my perfect home
marketing your home
move out cleaning checklist


our area
contact
 homes & commercial realtor in ny & pa

 





invest in your future. it's closer than it looks...

















featured properties






no properties found

















since 1968, gibson e. mckean real estate, inc. has greeted those seeking a place to call home.






whether you’re looking for a quiet country home weekend get-away with land, riverfront or lakefront, a permanent luxury residence or have a desire to run a commercial business in this glorious area, our agents will help you find that special place.






call us: 845-557-8338
























local listings









error 401: access key is invalid or has been revoked, please ensure there are no spaces in your key.if the problem persists, please reset your api key in the idx broker dashboard, or contact help@idxbroker.com






























houses over 250k
















houses under 250k
















land
















water feature
















commercial


































our unique area






take a deep breath & exhale.






then listen to the sounds of birds and feel the soft breeze across your face as the stress drifts away. welcome to the delaware river highlands, nestled between the lower catskills region, a rich region which spans sullivan county, ny and orange county, ny and the pocono mountains’ pike & wayne counties in pa.






nature surrounds us






state land, delaware river, reservoirs, lakes, streams, beaverkill river, scenic drives: they offer awe inspiring spots for hiking, swimming, fishing, rafting, boating, photo ops, biking, picnicking—or just plain unwinding! check out a few of our favorite activities >>






local fare & flair






plenty of options from picking up ingredients for the evenings dinner at the farmers market or stopping in at one of the fun restaurants in the area. there are always new items each time one stops at the local antique shop. or, pickup your favorite local spirit at the bottle shop. unwind at these local spots >>






celebrate the arts






so many gems... take a plein air painting class or throw some clay on a wheel. did you say theatre? nacl theatre, the forestburgh playhouse, and delaware valley opera. music? bethel woods center for the arts and local restaurants. here's a short list of many inspiring places to check out >>

















it's closer than you think...






less than two hours from midtown manhattan, gibson e. mckean real estate, inc. is located in the charming hamlet of barryville on the scenic upper delaware river in upstate new york. our office is 15 minutes from the bethel woods center for the arts, the original site of the 1969 woodstock music festival.
we are only 20 minutes from the metro north station and only 15 miles from lake wallenpaupack in hawley, pa.

































buy through us
we're here to help you find a place that meets your needs.





sell with us
ready to sell? deciding who to list your home with is step number one – here’s why you should choose our team!





free home valuation
find out what your home is worth. receive a free, no obligation valuation of your home based on market trends.













standard operating procedure
we are a full-service real estate company licensed in both new york and pennsylvania. we do require identification and proof of funds (or mortgage pre-qualification letter) upon making a written offer to purchase. we do not require an exclusive arrangement, provided that our mls system may have exclusive requirements with regard to seller listings.









gibson e. mckean real estate
residential & commercial real estate — homes • land • water • rentals
we market real estate in the towns of barryville, bethel, callicoon, callicoon center, cochecton, eldred, forestburgh, glen spey, highland lake, jeffersonville, lackawaxen, livingston manor, masthope, minisink ford, narrowsburg, north branch, pond eddy, shohola, sparrowbush, yulan, and other upper delaware catskills communities.
licensed in ny #31m0003523 & pa #nm026898a.


search listings
basic search
map search
advanced search
address search
browse by city

contact us

3364 state route 97
barryville, ny 12719
po box 61, barryville, ny 12719
mckean@mckeanrealestate.com
845-557-8338

© 2025 · equity framework



privacy policy · listings sitemap · sitemap























