




















































the franklin news-post | breaking news | read rocky mount, va and virginia breaking news. get latest news, events and information on virginia sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















37°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



education



government



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columns




sports


high school



college



professional



betting




lifestyles


event calendar



music



movies & tv



food & cooking



home & garden



health



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith



games & puzzles



comics



play



public notices


brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



public notices




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



marketplace



public notices



cars



shop local




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



subscribe



newsletter sign-up



contact us



help center



weather: live radar






facebook





twitter








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy














































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




















                                        subscribe
                                    























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









37°
showers in the vicinity
























        
        
            region slowly recovers from massive power outages

while snow and ice left by this week’s winter storm has melted in many lower elevations, a path of downed trees remains across the roanoke and new river valleys. more than 90,000 homes were still without power thursday evening after a mixture of snow, ice and rain felled trees and electrical lines. 

















        
        
            region slowly recovers from massive power outages

while snow and ice left by this week’s winter storm has melted in many lower elevations, a path of downed trees remains across the roanoke and new river valleys. more than 90,000 homes were still without power thursday evening after a mixture of snow, ice and rain felled trees and electrical lines. 

















        
        
            ferrum’s beckner named odac wrestler of the week

the old dominion athletic conference named its athletes of the week on tuesday, and ferrum college senior zach beckner has been named odac lighter weight wrestler of the week. this is beckner's first league honor. 

















        
        
            ferrum reaches 'incredible milestone' in expedited provisional membership process to division ii

the 2025-26 academic year will mark the first of a two-year transitional period for ferrum to become a full division ii member.

















        
        
            a look at timesland high school basketball district standings as regular season winds down

region tournaments are able to begin next friday, feb. 21, but before that happens, district tournaments and even regular season games still need to take place

















        
        
            terriers win blue ridge district wrestling championship; eagles finish fifth

william byrd edged staunton river by 7 points to win the blue ridge district wrestling championship feb. 5 at staunton river high school. lord botetourt came in third with 127 points while northside finished fourth with 103. 5 points. franklin county tallied 40 points for fifth place, and wi…

















        
        
            panthers hold off royals in women’s basketball; harvey earns 300th win

junior allyson cassell scored 14 points and grabbed 10 rebounds for a double-double to lead ferrum (12-9, 6-6) to a 40-32 win over eastern mennonite university (10-11, 2-10) in women’s odac basketball action on saturday afternoon at swartz gym. 










            curated commerce
        
5 best thc gummies of 2025





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            region slowly recovers from massive power outages


















        
        
            starbucks is giving away free coffee monday


















        
        
            region slowly recovers from massive power outages















                
                the latest



















        
        
            a1 minute! february 12, 2025:  vhsl reverses trans policy; more acts scheduled for amphitheater; swimming bonds family, friends[a1]

vhsl reverses trans policy; more acts scheduled for amphitheater; swimming bonds family, friends 












sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.




















        
        
            vhsl reverses transgender athlete participation policy to align with trump's executive order

the virginia high school league (vhsl) has changed its policy regarding transgender athlete participation. 





















        
        
            watch the winter storm roll into virginia on these web cams











                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            aaron rodgers bidding farewell to new york jets




















        
        
            ap top stories february 14 a




















        
        
            robert f. kennedy jr. is confirmed as the nation’s health secretary




















        
        
            us egg prices hit record highs ; americans turn to backyard chickens












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            lady eagles use big first quarter to snap a six-game skid with a 47-32 win over northside

junior alahna preston scored a game-high 15 points and senior myjera wright chipped in another 10 points to lead franklin county (5-16, 2-6) to a 47-32 win over northside (3-18, 1-7) in blue ridge district girls’ basketball action on monday night in rocky mount. 




















        
        
            franklin county girls advance to wrestling state tourney

four wrestlers from the franklin county high school girls team competed at the 2025 vhsl girls zone 1 (swva) qualifier on feb. 1 at virginia high school in bristol. freshmen riley myrick placed third at 100 pounds, and junior alexis turner placed fourth at 185 pounds, both officially becomin…




















        
        
            sports roundup: ferrum grapplers go 1-1, panther men get odac basketball road win

men’s wrestling 




















        
        
            vhsl reverses transgender athlete participation policy to align with trump's executive order

the virginia high school league (vhsl) has changed its policy regarding transgender athlete participation. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.





















        
        
            need a vacation? take a trip to hbo's 'the white lotus' | streamed & screened

"the white lotus," hbo's breakout hit of 2021 was originally billed as a limited series. but it's back again for a third trip of what has become a popular anthology.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            'elsbeth' becomes a family affair for carrie preston

carrie preston didn’t think her husband, actor michael emerson, was interested in her series, “elsbeth.” now he has a recurring role on the cbs whodunit.




















        
        
            could obesity drugs help with alcohol cravings? new study suggests potential

a new study suggests that medications that have transformed the treatment of obesity may also help people drink less alcohol. 




















        
        
            tiktok returns to apple and google app stores in the us

tiktok was removed from apple and google's app stores on jan. 18 to comply with a law that requires bytedance to divest the app or be banned in the u.s.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save












                
                partner
                
                    










partner








        
        
            run every day? give those sneakers a break!

get healthy. changing your regular running routine every now and then doesn’t just offer variety, it can be good for your body, mind and soul





















        
        
            get healthy eat well: 7 shocking sources of hidden sugars




















        
        
            get healthy take care: cold therapy in your shower











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.




















        
        
            12 best keto gummies

affiliate content. check out these 12 best keto gummies that offer a flavorful, low-carb way to support your keto journey.












partner








        
        
            run every day? give those sneakers a break!

get healthy. changing your regular running routine every now and then doesn’t just offer variety, it can be good for your body, mind and soul












sponsored








        
        
            what is best solution for unwanted hair in sensitive places?

content by milan laser hair removal. these laser hair removal experts share their observations and insights about the benefits of brazilian laser hair removal vs. brazilian waxing.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            5 best thc gummies of 2025

affiliate content. find the best options for thc gummies in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            artist carol yopp



                                        1660 blue bend road, rocky mount, va 24151
                                    






















        
        
            craig jamison



                                        10885 virgil goode hwy, rocky mount, va 24151
                                    






















        
        
            keith mcbride-lichetenstein rowan



                                        3621 manassas dr, roanoke, va 24018
                                    

































×
















facebook





twitter









sites & partners


place an ad

event calendar

newsletter signup

join our team




services


manage subscription

contact us

rack locations

personnel

licensing

dealer returns






                        © copyright 2025
                        franklin news post, p.o. box 250 rocky mount, va 24151
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    


















