

in*source | special education parent support


























































facebook



youtube



linkedin



linkedin













  get help trainingresourcesyoung adult programfind a liaisoncontact us  help others donatevolunteercareers  about us mission vision beliefmeet our boardmeet our staffpartner agenciessponsors  family engagement center advisory committeeresearch designmodel sitestier ii sitestraining and resources   

search




donate 





 



enter search term


search






close
 get helptrainingresourcesyoung adult programfind a liaisoncontact ushelp othersdonatevolunteercareersabout usmission vision beliefmeet our boardmeet our staffpartner agenciessponsorsfamily engagement centeradvisory committeeresearch designmodel sitestier ii sitestraining and resourcesdonate 




 
						310 west mckinley ~ suite 300						mishawaka, in                                                                   46545 
574.234.7101





  









 


connecting the dots
in*source exists to help parents of children with disabilities navigate the complicated special education process in the state of indiana. we help bridge the gap between schools and parents and we strive to connect the dots that become the individual path to success for children with disabilities.








families







schools







volunteers







community






 







reaching out
our focus has always been on families who have children with disabilities. now, more than ever, parents of children with disabilities, particularly underserved, low-income, native american, limited english speaking, parents with disabilities, and parents of incarcerated youth need our services and we strive to reach out to those families to make sure they know we are here and ready to serve them.










 



12,201
individuals received our assistance


1,499
individuals attended our trainings


1,604
meetings held to support parents


95%
of parents surveyed recommend us




 

help us
help others
the support you give in*source is invaluable and everything you help do to further our mission benefits children with disabilities in indiana. consider donating to our organization, becoming an in*source volunteer, attending training or reaching out for assistance. we’re here to help and we thank you for yours!

donate now






  











 
				310 west mckinley ~ suite 300				mishawaka, in                                                                   46545
574.234.7101 
								email: insource@insource.org



  get help help others about us contact  


facebook



youtube



linkedin



linkedin






subscribe to our newsletter and stay up to date with all news and events.

email















the contents of this website were developed under a grant from the us department of education, #h328m140004. however, those contents do not necessarily represent the policy of the us department of education, and you should not assume endorsement by the federal government. project officer, david emenheiser.


© 2025 in*source | all rights reserved | sitemap






chat with us, powered by livechat

