








vegemite - tastes like australia

































































 


















skip to content








 



 




search for:



 

shop

summer range
100th birthday range
clothing
mitey dog range
homewares


recipes
our range
about

vegemite story
100 mitey years
vegemite colouring
contact


 










 









how do you vegemite right?



 

mitey merch store





save 40% 

beach towel - 100th birthday collectable
$40.86 original price was: $40.86.$24.51current price is: $24.51.





 

mitey dad cap - 100th birthday collectable
$29.95





 

mitey drink bottle - 100th birthday collectable
$29.95





show all products



introducing our iconic happy little remake!

raise your vegemite toast to spread some aussie cheer for 100 years of vegemite
the happy little remake comes off the back of a national public casting call in april, that invited the kids of australia to audition for a once-in-a-lifetime role in its iconic remake. 
children all over the nation responded in droves and vegemite received over 10,000 audition applications from aspiring happy little vegemites destined for stardom. 

vegemite thanks each happy little vegemite who submitted their audition, and each person who has held vegemite close throughout its 100-year history. 







mitey drink bottle - 100th birthday collectable
$29.95






mitey 100th birthday commemorative plates
$22.68






tea towel - 100th birthday collectable
$29.95











 
tastes like australia!
whether you spread it on your toast, enjoy it in a sandwich or add it as the secret ingredient to your cooking – vegemite is a unique blend of weird and wonderful that has been bringing a smile to faces since 1923. vegemite isn’t just owned and made in australia, it tastes like australia.
 


recipes


savoury bites with vegemite glaze
 

vegemite salmon poke style bowl
 

barty parmy
 

vegemite bolognese
 

vegemite nachos
 

vegemite stir fry
 






get 10% off your first order



						sign up to our newsletter					







 

contact
my account
order tracking
returns policy
competition t&cs
faqs
 










 
privacy policy
terms of use
 




vegemite contains vitamins b1, b2, b3 and folate. enjoy as part of a balanced, varied diet and active lifestyle.
©2025 bega cheese limited. vegemite, the vegemite device, the vegemite trade dress, happy little vegemites and tastes like australia are trade marks of bega cheese limited. 








create a new list

 




cookie noticethere is currently an “accept” button in red below a short cookies statement which reads “we use cookies and other technologies to ensure the best possible experience of our site. we recommend that you enable all cookies to get fullest that our website has to offer. however, if you’d prefer, you can customise your cookie settings using the ‘cookie settings’ button below”.

we understand that if a user clicks “accept” they are accepting all necessary and non-necessary cookies including third party tracking cookies such as the facebook pixel. subject to confirming this is the case, we would recommend this statement is amended to make this clear, including a reference to bega’s privacy policy, so that by clicking “accept”, it is an informed consent in relation to the use of facebook pixel.

cookie settings acceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





                                necessary                            


 necessary 


                                    always enabled                                



necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.






                                non necessary                            


non-necessary




any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.












save & accept


















































                        choose your currency
                    



australian dollarcanadian dollarpound sterlingnew zealand dollarunited states (us) dollar 









 join the vegemite family & get 10% off your first mitey merch order*

 





first name *
                                        



last name *
                                        




email address *
                                    

birthday (optional)
                                
 /
                                    


in which country do you live in? (optional)
                                    
(please select)
australia
canada
new zealand
united kingdom
united states





acknowledgement
i agree to the information collection statement below
















 by checking the above box and submitting your information in this form, you consent to bega cheese limited (bega) collecting, using and sharing your personal information (some of which is marked optional) to register you for the vegemite mailing list to provide you with our newsletters, discount offers, recipes and other information published by vegemite. we use our service provider mailchimp in the us whose privacy policy can be found here to manage our mailing list. any personal information collected will otherwise be handled and held in accordance with our privacy policy. you can withdraw your consent and be removed from the mailing list at any time. to do so or to access or change your information held by bega, please email us at privacy@vegemite.com.au or call 1800 571 833 or write to vegemite c/o bega’s details in our privacy policy. you can also unsubscribe from the mailing list using the function in the emails you receive from bega.
*the 10% off offer is only valid on specific orders over $24.95 aud (not including shipping) for australian and new zealand residents on the first order. some products are excluded from this offer, including vegemite surfboard and vegemite silver toast. this discount is not valid in conjunction with other promotions or discounts.
the offer period expires on 11.59pm aest on 31st december 2024 and the code must be used within 30 days of receiving it.

 









congratulations!
you just qualified for free shipping!





