




  












tampa divorce attorneys-free consult-top tampa family lawyers fl near me










  













menu
call
email
visit
search








se habla español | falamos português
call now for a *free consultation
813-672-1900
or text to (813) 543-8960
financing available
* free in most cases

















home
about us
tampa divorce attorney practice areas

tampa divorce & marital law

uncontested divorce
contested divorce
military divorce
lgbtq same sex divorce
collaborative divorce
low cost/flat fee unbundled services
asset & debt division
child custody
child support
child relocation
parenting plans
alimony/support
retirement & pension division
divorce procedure

default divorce
service by publication


annulment
divorce faqs


tampa family law

paternity actions
father’s rights
child support modification
child relocation
modification & enforcement of final judgments
domestic violence
mediation
parenting plans


tampa criminal defense

abuse elderly or disabled adult
aircraft piracy
arson defense
assault defense
burglary defense
carjacking
child abuse
college students defense
criminal domestic violence
drug crimes
dui defense
home-invasion robbery
kidnapping
marijuana defense
murder defense
stalking defense
robbery defense
sex crimes
fraud offenses

health care fraud
insurance fraud
security fraud
workers’ compensation fraud


economic crime

exploitation elderly-disabled
money laundering
racketeering defense
embezzlement
identity theft




tampa stepparent relative adoption
tampa name change


tampa personal injury

personal injury overview


client reviews

tampa divorce & family reviews
tampa criminal defense reviews


divorce family law blog
resources
contact us
hide menu







supportive help
at an emotionally difficult time
tampa divorce attorneys & family law lawyers at all family law group since 1997. our practice includes stepparent & relative adoption, name change and criminal defense. we have helped thousands of individuals & families positively resolve their divorce, family & criminal issues. our long term florida law firm attorneys & legal staff are always committed to providing personal, excellent & responsive legal services to our clients.








divorce & marital law





family law





name changes





stepparent relative adoption





criminal defense





bankruptcy & foreclosure law












 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 






divorce & family law attorneys in tampa, florida
we are experienced and trusted attorneys at the florida law firm of all family law group, p.a. who provide our clients with personal, individualized representation since 1997. we have 100’s of 5 star reviews online.
our top rated female lawyers are skilled at handling all matters pertaining to divorce and family law. even still our fees are very reasonable considering the substantial experience each of our attorneys have in divorce and family law.
birdeye reviews 272-4.9 star: i thought their retainer was quite fair, they communicated with me well and were very courteous no matter who i spoke with. i liked ms. da silva’s style, she was sharp, to the point, and quite honest with me. i wouldn’t hesitate to hire their firm for a second. it was a very difficult time of my life and they helped greatly. great job and i appreciate all of your hard work by the whole team. (joseph)
the divorce process can be lengthy, complex, and emotionally draining, and as well as any family law matter, may not be easily resolved if the parties cannot agree on a resolution. we can empathize with what our clients’ are experiencing, as we have all had our own experiences with family matters.
over the years we have represented 1000’s of men and women in divorce and family law issues such as child custody and visitation, child support, alimony, division of assets and debts, paternity actions and post final judgment modifications.

we will be at your side to help you navigate through the sometimes tangled process while striving to make it as easy as possible for you and to promote settlement. if the parties cannot agree and settlement is not an option for our clients, our tampa divorce and family attorneys have extensive trial experience in divorce, alimony, child custody and support, visitation and as well as related family law matters.
we will aggressively pursue your rights in and out of court to obtain the best possible outcome under the circumstances for your financial and emotional benefit.
google reviews 155 reviews-4.8 (all locations): “they made my process super simple, easy to understand, and they were upfront with the cost of everything, so there were no surprise fees or extra costs. i would definitely use them again!” (angel downs)
so if you are looking for knowledgeable, dedicated lawyers, then look no further.  our attorneys have a combined experience of approximately 60 plus years in successfully resolving family and divorce cases amicably or through contested litigation.
contact us either by telephone at 813-672-1900, text us at 813-543-8960 or email to schedule a divorce or family law free consultation to discuss your case and your available options.
we provide effective, smart solutions for men and women in the following areas of law.

tampa divorce & marital law
tampa family law
florida family law forms
tampa stepparent/relative adoption (adult or child)
tampa name change
tampa criminal defense law

divorce & family lawyers – smart
in any divorce case asset and debt division, child custody, child support and spousal support are a few of the most important considerations to be decided. this includes determining what is marital and non-marital property, equitably distributing marital property, debts and assets, as well as determining whether and to what extent one spouse should provide the other with alimony.
if there are children involved, child custody, visitation and child support must also be considered. in every case involving children, shared parental responsibility plans, otherwise known as parenting plans, must be drafted, agreed upon and signed by the parties.  if the parties cannot agree on these terms, then the terms will be ordered by the court after hearing the evidence and testimony of the parties in a final hearing or trial.
google reviews 155 reviews-4.8 (all locations): “they went above and beyond for me when they helped with my divorce and parent plan ! they made it effortless and all i had to do is tell them what i want and they did it!” (mina amerika)
in addition, if a spouse or both spouses are in the military there are additional issues to be resolved.  our military divorce attorneys are experienced and knowledgeable in all issues that confront military personnel, as being in the military subjects you to different rules in your divorce or family law matter.
we strive to provide cost-effective legal services by working toward an amicable solution to avoid expensive, time consuming and emotionally draining litigation. sometimes, however, cases cannot be amicably resolved if the parties cannot come to an agreement.
under these circumstances our goal is to represent you to attain the best result to which you are legally entitled. our family law lawyers and divorce attorneys are experienced, thorough and aggressive litigators and we strive to provide you with the best divorce and family law representation possible – anywhere.
do you need a topnotch divorce & family law attorney?
if you have any questions regarding any of the areas of law in which we practice, contact our compassionate and responsive lawyers at the law firm of all family law group, p.a. in tampa, florida. we are committed to providing you with the best representation possible. 
to speak with an experienced, knowledgeable family lawyer, contact our law firm online, call 813-672-1900 or text 813-543-8960 for a free consultation  to discuss your situation and your available options. se habla español.
we represent divorce, family law and criminal law clients in the florida cities of tampa, clearwater, brandon, riverview, hyde park, south tampa, ybor city, northdale, valrico, gibsonton, lithia, mango, palm river, plant city, seffner, sun city center, wimauma, apollo beach, ruskin, temple terrace, carrollwood, northdale, westchase, citrus park, town n country, thonotosassa, lutz, fish hawk, new tampa, st. petersburg, palm harbor, macdill air force base and all of hillsborough, pinellas and pasco counties. we will also represent uncontested divorce clients in polk, hernando or manatee counties.




how can we help you
start your free consult now
* labels are required.
 










protected by recaptcha

privacy - terms






i have read the disclaimer.view our privacy policy


  




 
 all family law group, p.a.4.9based on 98 reviewspowered by googlereview us oncody klink16:06 26 dec 24stephanie scarano01:00 29 nov 24very knowledgeable, professional and prompt with responses. i tried to file for divorce on my own but needed help. they definitely helped me get on track and were able to get me to the finish line. it was such a less stressful experience than doing it on my own. i really felt like i could trust them to get things done.emily cantu18:22 22 nov 24they were extremely helpful and knowledgeable! they were always very quick to respond!yulanda bakare17:17 01 jul 24monica da silva and her her law group was excellent!,i highly recommend. took the stress of going through the process of divorce off me all the unnecessary court proceedings.  the firm communicated and kept me in the loop with my case so i was prepared as to what to expect day of my hearing. mrs. da silva is very knowledgeable of the family law, but she is very compassionate and professional and i will use her again for any legal purposes. thank you to all family law group for handling my case in a timely manner.armani clites01:14 29 apr 24monica da silva was extremely helpful and answered all of my questions in detail— even providing information i didn’t asked for. very thorough.yesenia matthews00:57 25 apr 24monica da silva was great! she was extremely patient and explained everything in detail. she answered all of my questions in a way that i understood, instead of with all the legal jargon.errin aspilaire20:58 24 apr 24carolyn sue dunn23:58 22 apr 24they were very helpful!keisha williams16:24 21 apr 24my consultation with danielle was very helpful. she explained my options in a very direct manner and provided sound advice on next steps and how the firm could assist me. i would highly recommend all family law group!shawn mccolley15:45 21 apr 24family group is amazing they answered all the question i had needed for me moving forward with my casecathy a.18:40 20 apr 24called back on time.  answered all my questions.  pleasant experiencekristen hepp19:01 19 apr 24very easy to deal withcarrie bennett19:32 15 apr 24website literally says all relative adoptions, but when you call, the guy that answers says they only handle uncontested step parent adoption. don’t lie on the website just to get people to call. if you do all relatives, retrain your answering people.rob polley21:12 23 dec 23my case isn’t over as of yet, however monica has been very helpful thus far throughout this process. 100% would recommend this firm.mina amerika20:51 17 dec 23they went above and beyond for me when they helped with my divorce and parent plan ! they made it effortless and all i had to do is tell them what i want and they did it!milap 99918:29 17 dec 23got professional advicedemond edwards18:06 17 dec 23i love the wonderful lawyers at family law group. i am at the start of my divorce proceedings and they are ensuring that i have and understand everything that is about to take place. thank you for helping me through this rough time in my life.brittany mcminn18:04 17 dec 23jackson martin07:51 11 nov 23my divorce was easy and stress-free thanks to all of those who helped me during the process. my concerns were handled courteously and professionally and everyone i talked with was very friendly and responsive. their assistance and knowledge were great and i highly recommend them if you need a divorce.william smith08:31 10 nov 23i had a very difficult divorce case that involved a lot of assets and children issues, which were very troubling to me. i am so thankful for the team and my attorney, monica da silva, at all family law. they found solutions i hadn't even considered. their expertise and dedication were remarkable, and i'm truly grateful for their support.jl22:40 21 sep 23i had a messy divorce case that involved a lot of assets and even a family business. the team at all family law found the best approach to safeguard my interests. they enlisted the help of financial advisors and left no stone unturned in ensuring i was well-protected. i felt a lot more secure knowing they were on my case.kristina blake15:46 17 sep 23very pleased. my case was handled with care, everything went smoothly and all of my concerns were taken seriously along the way.  i have recommended the practice to friends.jaque lopez20:26 13 sep 23when i was blindsided with divorce papers, i was utterly lost. the all family law group provided the guidance i desperately needed. monica broke down the complicated legal jargon and she was very patient, explaining the divorce procedure to me step by step. she made sure i got my fair share of our assets and most importantly i obtained a great child custody arrangement.brad avery15:50 30 jul 23i am so pleased with my divorce experience with all family law! they were all so professional and very friendly.  and my attorney,  monica, was amazing in how she explained everything to me. made the process easy.  all in all, i highly recommend this law firm for your divorce. 👍teresa19:39 14 may 23excellent service from monica and the team. i am so thankful to have found this team to help me with my dissolution of marriage with a minor child. what i appreciated most was the honesty  and the way the team worked together to get the matter resolved. everything was done over the computer/email/phone which made the situation much easier and more convenient for a person who works full time. the entire team from admin, cindy and monica did an exceptional job handling my case. the judge liked the way the judgment was completed over zoom which was quickly and smoothly. i appreciate this entire team. just be patient if you do not receive a response quickly by email, just know that behind the scenes they are filing notes and doing the work for you!! they read every email and make case notes of every single thing that is important to your case. do not get upset if you do not hear from the team that day, they will get back to you, know this is true. if an urgent matter is very important to you, put that in the subject matter of the email, if it is something that needs immediate assistance, note that to the team, they will see it.  please know that they are all working hard for you and your family. hire this team if you want your needs met and situation handled properly and professionally. thank you so much for everything team rohrbaugh!!-teresamonica zavala17:36 24 apr 23this office has been amazing!  from answering all my questions to assuring me that everything will workout just fine.  the attorneys are friendly and are willing to help you in anyway possible.  their staff was patient dealing with me as i asked all my 100 questions!  great office!  amazing people!kelly rivera16:03 12 apr 23lynette with all family law group always has your back and are great with response time. lynette is so kind and will do whatever she can to get the job done! thank you!patricia palma12:58 30 mar 23lynette is a well versed and experienced family law attorney who is passionate about her clients’ needs. she knows the law very well.joseph a19:52 21 dec 22i thought their retainer was quite fair, they communicated with me well and were very courteous no matter who i spoke with. i liked ms. da silva's style, she was sharp, to the point, and quite honest with me. i wouldn't hesitate to hire their firm for a second. it was a very difficult time of my life and they helped greatly. great job and i appreciate all of your hard work by the whole team!al konetzni12:47 21 dec 22wendy is a great attorney and an even better person.  professional, thorough, communicative, and understanding.  her experience and contacts for mediation and family issues are amazing. very highly recommended.alexis gonzalez10:31 01 dec 22i do not normally give reviews but i wanted to make sure that i recognize attorney monica dasilva. everyone at this law firm was very friendly and responded quickly to my needs. i am convinced they are the best divorce attorney’s office in tampa, florida. thank you all family law group!angel downs15:43 30 oct 22they made my process super simple, easy to understand, and they were upfront with the cost of everything, so there were no surprise fees or extra costs. i would definitely use them again!sheryl mackenzie19:06 12 oct 22i am so very pleased with the outcome of my divorce. monica and her team were able to provide positive results out of very difficult circumstances. i would recommend all family law group to anyone in need of family legal assistance.alissa emmons17:31 07 oct 22i had a positive experience with all family law group. ginger dugan helped me through my military divorce; she was very knowledgeable, professional, efficient, and kind. i’m incredibly grateful for her assistance through such a difficult and confusing process.molly lippincott13:49 06 oct 22i hired wendy to represent me for my divorce.  the process of getting a divorce can feel overwhelming but wendy helped me through the process.   she helped me understand the law and what i was entitled to.   she was knowledgeable and thorough.     getting a divorce is challenging so it’s important to hire an attorney that will ensure you are set up for success when it’s over.annette carlsrud19:46 11 jul 22great job. everything worked out like i hoped it would.marie unell14:23 09 jun 22mission accomplished quickly and efficiently!  thank you to everyone at all family law for their excellent work and attention to me. also, monica for her excellent representation of me throughout the divorce.  i highly recommend this law firm as their assistance in helping me during my divorce was the best and made a tough process easier!chantelle holland11:42 11 may 22divorce was quick and easy.  wendy answered all of my questions, i got me everything that i wanted.lisa knight18:15 06 apr 22a few days ago, i made a public post regarding an attorney that used to contract with all family law group, p.a and lynette and cindy have been extremely responsive regarding my concern. not only did they respond to my consumer satisfaction post, they both were professional, reflective and empathetic as i expressed my discontent.  they actually listened.  both ladies demonstrated their humanness and willingness to support me in my matter and i appreciate that.  for some reason, google will not allow me to delete my previous review, so i wanted to publicly share my recent sentiments on all family law group, p. a.  i would definitely return to this practice based on my recent experience.o. farag04:46 26 jan 22this is the best law firm hands down!!👌everyone that works at this firm is amazing and very friendly and they take care of business! i would definitely recommend them to anyone i know! they worked on a really tough case for me and i’m very happy with the results!monica da silva (attorney) was knowledge,  classy, sharp and super intelligent. sha has unbelievable analytical and judgement skills and she mastered and controlled the case within 10 mins in a very long hearing vs. 2 lawyers against me.cyndy willis (office manager) handeledand made everything easy from the beginning with her patience and support she showed to me! she is awesome!!!great people.👏5 star firm for sure!⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐salem song14:55 23 dec 21excellent in professionalism, thoroughness, communication and knowledge in achieving the end results. was willing to explain all details of the process in a step by step order and quickly responded back to all inquiries sent with helpful advice at all times.patty mulchi16:50 05 dec 21the best divorce attorney law firm in tampa! of course i can only speak for my own experience but i was very impressed with monica and all of the people there who were always very nice, responsive when i had questions and kept me informed about what was happening with my case. i felt like they really cared about me. and i got the best result that i could’ve hoped for. thank you all family law!rebecca tylka23:15 12 nov 21the entire firm was very efficient and friendly. made a difficult process seamless.  thank you!alex grooms20:29 12 nov 21communication was simple and fast. always returned my calls in a short time. everyone i talked with was friendly and respectful. my experience with all family law group was very positive.dandre ortiz20:57 26 oct 21ginger and the all family firm..   helped me through a very complicated time in my life!  broke down every step and talked me through the whole process!!! will definitely use again.aubrey leighe20:22 26 oct 21walked me through a confusing, painful time of my life and helped ease fears. thank you for your compassion and professionalism.kelly franklin18:46 22 oct 21my divorce case took longer than expected but ginger and always efficient, effective, and so very helpful through the whole process.johnie chattman20:25 20 oct 21when i came to all family law group, i was unaware of the process and was recently told how agonizing and long the divorce process was.  working with ginger and all family, i was reassured that they had my best interest at hand.  ginger guided me through the paperwork, showed empathy for my situation, and save me from making financial mistakes.  not to mention, she was very pleasant, professional, and honest.  i'm very satisfied with the outcome of my case as well as the time it took.  thanks!!martha chan12:56 08 jun 21lynette has the utmost integrity. you can't go wrong with a family lawyer who has such value. i was a service provider to her firm several years ago. if she can be this way with a provider, i cannot imagine what she would be like to her clients.grace b23:58 17 apr 21monica did a great job of guiding me through the divorce process. she was always understanding and clear about expectations. she was responsive when i reached out with questions. overall great experience.gustavo huante19:50 07 feb 21made the process of getting custody for my son fast and easy. they stayed in contact and always answered any questions i had. would definitely recommend to anyone.darrell reyes18:58 04 feb 21the only disappointment was that there was no one on one because of covid. the manager and attorneys were wonderful during this difficult time in my life.aida sweet16:52 23 nov 20right from the start, cindy willis, was very welcoming & answered every question i had at this emotional time.  i was amazed by the knowledge/communication, and personal attention i received from ginger dugan & her staff!  my calls/emails were promptly answered! ginger genuinely cared about my case & i felt comfortable and in good hands.  ginger and the office team at all family law group worked closely with me every step of the way!  so glad i chose the afl team!   ;0)arielle galisevych14:07 19 nov 20through the complex and difficult divorce process, everyone i worked with at all family law was on top of things, making sure that i had the information i needed to meet my obligations and deadlines.even during a pandemic and the general cluster that was 2020, they were available, responsive, and courteous.i'm very glad i chose all family law group to represent and guide me through the divorce process.jessica patel23:05 09 nov 20great communication and kept me in the loop during a rough time. quick resolution and made me feel comfortable throughout the whole process.gianfranco ferri18:47 27 aug 20ginger and her staff at all family law group were very professional, honest, and responsive in handling my divorce. they always replied quickly to my questions with patience and politeness. even during the covid 19 crisis they handled my case smoothly. i have already recommended them to a friend of mine who hired them and is as pleased as i am with their services.brian le17:10 19 aug 20thank you monica to you and your remarkable team.  i appreciate all the guidance, constant support and professionalism throughout the whole process.  you were genuinely caring, transparent, honest and knowledgeable to make a stressful ordeal as painless as possible.please continue your great service in helping others like me in need.mercury phoenix16:09 11 aug 20i've used the firm twice to represent me in divorce proceedings. i had different lawyers, each time, both experiences were excellent. they keep you updated on the progress of your case. they file paperwork appropriately. they are punctual. i would definitely recommend them to friends and family.maryann17:30 17 jun 20i highly recommend all family law. they helped me during my divorce and were attentive to all my needs.kim giddens22:01 01 jun 20we had the pleasure of working with ginger at aflg in riverview, fl and her team.  her experience, guidance, and care far exceeded our expectations.  we feel that she genuinely cared about our case and cared out our children including their best interest.  pricing is very fair and she walked us through each step making the whole process easier and made us more confident.  thank you so much for the level of attention and care you provided our family!kim and eric millettsuzy johnson17:36 31 jan 20attorney frank papa and legal assistant cristina hernandez are great. after successfully handling my case years ago, i needed copies of documents i had misplaced. they responded immediately, emailed what i needed and were very helpful. so reassuring to have an attorney with staff that cares and follows up quickly. thank you both!am jank21:39 09 dec 19we had the best experience with this organization, and they made the adoption of our child so comfortable. they knew all the steps, prepared us for any issues that could potentially arise, and explained to us where each portion of our retainer went. there is no doubt that we will use them again if we ever are in need of legal service.            more reviews         

			view past issues of our email newsletter


sign up for our email newsletter & receive a pdf copy of think and grow rich by napoleon hill

for email marketing you can trust






the law firm of all family law group, p.a. provides legal services to the florida cities including tampa, clearwater, brandon, riverview, hyde park, south tampa, ybor city, northdale, valrico, gibsonton, lithia, mango, palm river, plant city, seffner, sun city center, wimauma, apollo beach, ruskin, temple terrace, carrollwood, northdale, westchase, citrus park, town n country, thonotosassa, lutz, fish hawk, new tampa, st. petersburg, palm harbor, macdill air force base and all of hillsborough, pinellas and pasco counties. we will also represent divorce clients in polk, hernando or manatee counties.




tampa office
(free telephone consult)
511 west bay street #350 tampa, florida 33606813-672-1900


riverview office
(free telephone consult)
6338 u.s. hwy. 301 so., ste 105riverview, florida33578813-672-1900


carrollwood / northdale office 
(free telephone consult)
3903 northdale blvd.tampa, florida 33624813-672-1900



site navigation


tampa divorce family attorney




contact us




disclaimer
site map




tampa divorce
tampa family law






the information on this website is for general information purposes only. nothing on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual case or situation. this information is not intended to create, and receipt or viewing does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship.
no content on this site may be reused in any fashion without written permission from all family law group, p.a.




© 2014 - 2025 all family law group, p.a. all rights reserved. this law firm website seo by lynette silon-laguna and website management by  milemark media.




















