






akatlanta - ak complete home renovations, atlanta's trusted remodeling design company for two decades












































































contact us: (770) 335-2694








info@akcompletehomerenovations.com








we are accepting referrals!













a









home
about ak
gallery
services
reviews










contact us




















home
about ak
gallery
services
reviews










contact us



 













 
what we do?what we do?what we do?what we do?what we do?what we do?acorn studiowho we are?what we do? 


















award winning home improvement








why ak atlanta


ak complete home renovations is an award-winning remodeling design firm who cultivates quality in every aspect of every home improvement job. ak has a firm code of ethics which has kept it atlanta’s trusted home renovation company for 20 years! in conjunction with our vendors and partners your project can be addressed in a turn-key fashion. we work all around metro atlanta: from marietta to roswell, buckhead to johns creek, vinings to cumming and everywhere in-between! we understand the value of your investment and the importance of a major decision such as a home renovation. with an outstanding team and a core group of trade professionals, we’ve built a solid reputation in a competitive market, with the majority of our clients resulting from referrals. we work as a team with a single goal – our client’s complete satisfaction! we are talking about your biggest investment and the health, happiness and safety of your family in your home after all….we just won’t compromise, and won’t settle for anything less than perfect!














best in class  • satisfaction guaranteed • ak atlanta •











credit: atldesigns.com




we work with integrity


ak is a company dedicated to quality – in not only our work, the products we use, but also in our service. these are commitments that countless ak clients have found to be of utmost importance when selecting a contractor to work with. we would love to add you to our list of satisfied clients & beautiful homes!
together with our trade partners, we offer complete home renovations throughout atlanta. our extensive remodeling portfolio includes custom kitchen designs and remodeling, decks, sunrooms, wine cellars, basements, bathroom remodeling and additions.
at the end of the day, our work is 100% guaranteed because we are truly vested in the integrity of your home improvement project.

ak atlanta complete home renovations is highly rated among the top home improvement companies in the surrounding atlanta area.








%
warranty guarantee


our award-winning commitment to quality and superior design facilitates a distinctive and straight forward client experience.




%
increased property value (varies*)


receive more and get the best return on investment (roi) by working with ak atlanta and making the right choice on renovations.




%
full service remodeling


whole house remodeling, kitchens, bathrooms, basements, additions, sunrooms enclosed or added, four season rooms & more








unlimited possibilites
































view gallery









client compliments











 
a contractor who could provide a design…
we wanted a contractor who could provide a design, manage the project, including tear down, construction, or someone who provided “one stop shopping.” in our search we found it difficult if not impossible to find those qualities and we included in the mission timeliness in action and delivering what they promised. we found this and more with advanced kitchens. they not only took care of every large detail but also the unexpected challenges that show up as the project progresses. they were so professional and caring it was comforting for us and we trusted them to make some decisions for us if we were unavailable and we were never disappointed. we recommend ak to anyone who asks and even those that don’t. in all of our many remodeling projects over the years we have never experienced the professional timeliness and caring of so many people. from our first meeting to our last walk through they exceeded expectations. we were sorry to see them go but are reminded of their attention to detail every time we use or show our “all we asked for and more kitchen.”
					
a contractor who could provide a design…
we wanted a contractor who could provide a design, manage the project, including tear down, construction, or someone who provided “one stop shopping.” in our search we found it difficult if not impossible to find those qualities and we included in the mission timeliness in action and delivering what they promised. we found this and more with advanced kitchens. they not only took care of every large detail but also the unexpected challenges that show up as the project progresses. they were so professional and caring it was comforting for us and we trusted them to make some decisions for us if we were unavailable and we were never disappointed. we recommend ak to anyone who asks and even those that don’t. in all of our many remodeling projects over the years we have never experienced the professional timeliness and caring of so many people. from our first meeting to our last walk through they exceeded expectations. we were sorry to see them go but are reminded of their attention to detail every time we use or show our “all we asked for and more kitchen.” 



 don & pam alpharetta, ga 





 
a good contractor listens…
i believe that one way you can tell a good contractor is how well they listen to you along the way when you experience “issues.” ak always treated me with the mantra “the customer is right.” my project manager always listened to my concerns and ideas and outlined how we could make these a reality. i also enjoyed having an entire staff at my disposal during the project including my project manager, engineer, designer and project supervisor. ak is at the forefront of the remodel industry. ak guided me through each step of the process and even took me to the granite warehouse when looking for kitchen countertops. i was also pleased that in the final days, every last item on my checklist was completed, down to the last strip of shoe molding and trim work. everything was completed to my satisfaction and i know that many of my neighbors cannot make the same statement. thank you, ak, for running a company that is ethical, professional and produces superior products and workmanship. you truly rank at the very top of the kitchen remodeling industry of atlanta.
					
a good contractor listens…
i believe that one way you can tell a good contractor is how well they listen to you along the way when you experience “issues.” ak always treated me with the mantra “the customer is right.” my project manager always listened to my concerns and ideas and outlined how we could make these a reality. i also enjoyed having an entire staff at my disposal during the project including my project manager, engineer, designer and project supervisor. ak is at the forefront of the remodel industry. ak guided me through each step of the process and even took me to the granite warehouse when looking for kitchen countertops. i was also pleased that in the final days, every last item on my checklist was completed, down to the last strip of shoe molding and trim work. everything was completed to my satisfaction and i know that many of my neighbors cannot make the same statement. thank you, ak, for running a company that is ethical, professional and produces superior products and workmanship. you truly rank at the very top of the kitchen remodeling industry of atlanta. 



 sheryl marietta, ga 





 
extremely professional, meticulous, and thorough…


“ed cholfin was extremely professional, meticulous, and thorough in his proposal, explanation of design and pricing, and work crew and schedule. he explained how things were done and how he came up with certain design recommendations for me. ed was always available to answer questions and would email me ahead of time if there were any changes in schedule, or things he needed me to complete in a timely manner (ie: picking out paint colors, bathroom lights)…
ed always reviewed each step with me and what was on the “to do” list for each new part of the construction and remodeling. i always knew what to expect ahead of time…
he checked in with his crew just about daily and would touch base with me. he reviewed their work and if something was not to his standards, ed would have them make changes or re-do things. i couldn’t have been more pleased. even though our home project was not what would be considered a big job, ed and his crew treated me and the work as if it were a big project. i asked to get “the biggest bang for my buck” and that’s just what i got…with many excellent details and 3 finished bathrooms that look beautiful and have added to the value of our home.
i couldn’t feel more comfortable recommending ed cholfin and ak complete renovations to my friends.”



extremely professional, meticulous, and thorough…


“ed cholfin was extremely professional, meticulous, and thorough in his proposal, explanation of design and pricing, and work crew and schedule. he explained how things were done and how he came up with certain design recommendations for me. ed was always available to answer questions and would email me ahead of time if there were any changes in schedule, or things he needed me to complete in a timely manner (ie: picking out paint colors, bathroom lights)…
ed always reviewed each step with me and what was on the “to do” list for each new part of the construction and remodeling. i always knew what to expect ahead of time…
he checked in with his crew just about daily and would touch base with me. he reviewed their work and if something was not to his standards, ed would have them make changes or re-do things. i couldn’t have been more pleased. even though our home project was not what would be considered a big job, ed and his crew treated me and the work as if it were a big project. i asked to get “the biggest bang for my buck” and that’s just what i got…with many excellent details and 3 finished bathrooms that look beautiful and have added to the value of our home.
i couldn’t feel more comfortable recommending ed cholfin and ak complete renovations to my friends.”

 



  lynne johannesen marietta, ga 





 
we originally selected ak after researching and interviewing…
over the past two years, we have used ak for a number of home improvement projects, the largest of which was a total remodel of our kitchen. we originally selected ak after researching and interviewing a number of kitchen remodeling contractors. ak was chosen over the other firms because, to put it simply, we felt more comfortable that ak would complete the project as promised and that we would be happy with the results. we clearly made the correct decision. advanced kitchens delivered and made us one extremely happy customer. we are very pleased with and proud of the work that advanced kitchens has done for us and highly recommend them to anyone in need of their services. if selected, we believe you too will not only be satisfied, but excited with the end result.
					
we originally selected ak after researching and interviewing…
over the past two years, we have used ak for a number of home improvement projects, the largest of which was a total remodel of our kitchen. we originally selected ak after researching and interviewing a number of kitchen remodeling contractors. ak was chosen over the other firms because, to put it simply, we felt more comfortable that ak would complete the project as promised and that we would be happy with the results. we clearly made the correct decision. advanced kitchens delivered and made us one extremely happy customer. we are very pleased with and proud of the work that advanced kitchens has done for us and highly recommend them to anyone in need of their services. if selected, we believe you too will not only be satisfied, but excited with the end result. 



 sharon & jessee marietta, ga 














{


ak atlanta complete home renovations



we work as a single team with a single goal – our client’s complete satisfaction!


– ed cholfin, president












featured review


i am truly proud to have guests in my new kitchen…i feel like a queen…
my sincere thanks to ak for a beautifully executed job! my kitchen now sets the tone for the rest of my home and is a welcoming space in which i am proud to entertain friends and family.
from the inception of the project, you and your design staff took the time to understand not only what i want to accomplish, but more importantly how i wanted to feel in this space. your careful attention to my needs as well as my budget allowed me to achieve a kitchen that was beyond my wildest dreams. your design staff’s creativity coupled with what seemed to be a sixth sense offered me options that i would never have been able to conceive on my own.
seeing the design on the computer was one thing, but could that really be delivered? i must admit i was a bit skeptical. your production team did not disappoint. the gentlemen who helped achieve this transformation were always professional, on time and extremely trustworthy.   they always left the work site cleaner than i could have possibly hoped and helped us come up with ways to work around the inconvenience of not having a functioning kitchen through the remodel. and best of all, they finished the project ahead of schedule!
our final walk through was almost a non-event since there was really nothing to address other than to stand there and marvel at the beautiful space you had created in the heart of our home. as final affirmation, the next weekend my sister-in-law’s response to first seeing the space was exactly what i had hoped when she said, “i feel like i’m looking at a magazine!” 
i am truly proud to have guests in my new kitchen and in fact i feel like a queen each morning as i go down for that first cup of coffee and realize i am standing in the kitchen i have always dreamed of! thanks to all of you for such a wonderful experience and such a fabulous end result!
warmest regards,
lissa,
atlanta, ga

more reviews






facebook






linkedin






email






print

















ready to get started?



what you can expect from ak atlanta




personalized experience

customized quotes

competitive pricing

white glove service

professional guidance

expert opinions



i'm ready to get started



 










company
about



customer service
contact
terms & conditions
privacy



resources
remodeling cost estimate
 
 



connect with us









© ak complete home renovations 2009-2022

copyright 2009-2022 ak complete home renovations. all rights reserved. any copying of these images on this website is forbidden by us copyright law. site design © 2009-2022 ak complete home renovations.



most of the material featured on this site is subject to copyright protection. you may use and re-use the information featured in this website (not including logos or images) free of charge in any format or medium, under the terms of the open government license, providing (1) proper attribution is given to ak complete home renovations with (2) hypertext links to: https://www.akatlanta.com and (3) you must reproduce our material accurately and not use it in a misleading context.
any questions about proper use of the copyrighted material on this website should be addressed to ak complete home renovations directly.



 


























