





berkshire hathaway home services penfed realty.  – real people, real results, real estate

































skip to content


berkshire hathaway home services penfed realty. 

				real people, real results, real estate			




			menu			+
×
expanded
collapsed

home
about
sell my home
contact
clients, friends & associates
2
3
4
5
6
7
 






home






real people, real results, real estate
when principal broker jason brown founded the company in 1990, he set the example for all to follow in honesty, integrity, and a genuine caring attitude. this attitude has continued to be the backbone of berkshire hathaway home services penfed realty. 
berkshire hathaway home services pen fed realty serves el paso, tx., and surrounding areas. our agents focus on a variety of real estate specialties from farms and land in the rural parts of the county, to residential sales of new construction, to commercial sales and leasing, property management and even auctions in el paso and nearby communities. whatever your real estate need might be we have knowledgeable realtors ready to help. 






el paso’s best
berkshire hathaway home services penfed realty is not just another real estate company. it is a group of caring individuals giving back to the community. we do this not only through our dealings with customers and clients but through our personal lives away from real estate and through the group efforts of the agents working together. 





unlimited beauty in el paso
meet different people, cultures, traditions and landscapes. choose your next home with us; we will take care of the rest.




homes in el paso
yes, el paso knows the good life.
explore our offers












and do we know about the luxury market in el paso…
you really can find your dream home in el paso.and if you are looking for luxury living in austin, texas please visit our colleagues at austin luxury realty. 


ask about our discount realty option
at berkshire hathaway homeservices penfed realty we service buyers, sellers, and renters all over el paso. 










berkshire hathaway home services penfed realty. ,
proudly powered by wordpress.	street photography tips








