
















home


























                  home



  zilco harness


   elite harness



  classic harness



  zgb harness



  "sl" - shetland, sportz & mini



  tedman tedex harness



  webz woven harness



  what size do i need?





  in stock - zilco  harness parts and  accessories  / used western saddles



  used carriages



  custom carriage orders


   bell crown carriage



  custom four wheeled


   eagle



  wagonette



  flyer



  marathon - custom





  custom two wheeled


   road cart



  the roadster easy entry cart



  marathon training cart



  the eaglet







  carriage lamps and accessories


   driving bits











  
 

 







    
 





       



   north american distributor of zilco harness


     

call or email for canadian pricing




   summit view is pleased to be a north american distributor of zilco harness.please visit the following pages to see what zilco has to offer.


     

zilco  -  elite harness

elite is a more substantial harness for larger cobs and horses

   

zilco  -     zgb harness

zgb is a more substantial harness for larger cobs and horses.
combination breastplate and traces

   

zilco   -   classic harness

classic is a versatile harness for all popular driving activities - pleasure, dressage, leisure or marathon. 
available in pony, cob and horse sizes



     

zilco-mini,  shetland & sportz

proportioned to suit minis, shetlands and small ponies.

   

zilco  -  tedman tedex harness

tedex is  highly popular as a beginner's harness. economical choice for a lightweight, supple and simple harness.

   

zilco  -  webz woven harness

webz is a lightweight harness with mulitiply woven webbing



   an outstanding selection of carriages, harness and accessories for your driving needs,be it pleasure driving, combined driving or recreational


   carriages   &  accessories



    

  

custom two wheeled

 

  

bell crown  carriage

 

  

driving bits

 

  

used vehicles


  

  

custom four wheeled

 

  

red hawk marathon

 

  

carriage lamps and accessories

 

  

in stock zilco harness parts           /          western saddles




   we hope you will find something in our collection to suit your needs whether it be a competition vehicle, a pleasure driving vehicle or one that will serve both functions. we offer an  excellent selection of custom-made and in-stock vehicles for your diving pleasure.we are pleased to offer you the finest in driving accessories & appointments.because of the recent volatility of the american vs. canadian currency, we regret that we are forced to show all prices on custom built new carriages in american funds only.






      



   summit view carriage21 postans pathancaster, ontario l9g 3p8
  phone:
905-648-0892 e-mail:
summitviewca@aol.com


   summit view carriage regrets that although care is taken, we cannot be responsible for errors or omissions on this site.copyright @2019 summitview carriagesanother awesome piece of cake website!
www.pocwebbuilder.com


   follow us
















































































































  
  share by:








