






commercial real estate investment firm | southeast | faison

































































what we do
our team
legacy

philanthropy


contact
 
































a history of developing ideas and directing capital 












who we are
faison is a private real estate investment firm with a strong legacy that dates to the 1970s. we selectively place capital in development, value-add and core opportunities across the southeast.
our investment criteria our company legacy










our experience



$ 12m+
in philanthropic activity


 14+
active msa's across southeast






$ 200m+
invested equity over previous 3 years


$2m - $ 10m
investment size






$ 1b
total market capitalization


 35
number of sponsors partnered with 













our team
we embrace our founder and namesake’s entrepreneurial spirit and are poised to add to his legacy as a preeminent commercial real estate investor.




who we are











 


our portfolio
we invest opportunistically through “best in class” sponsors. our goal is to structure partnerships that align interests for the long term and generate above average risk-adjusted returns.







a charlotte legacyover the last five decades we have embraced our founder and namesake’s entrepreneurial spirit and are poised to add to his legacy as a preeminent commercial real estate investor.

read moreexperiencewe have deep roots with experienced operating partners and seek to expand and establish new relationships with talented developers as passionate about creating compelling environments as we are.

see what we dophilanthropycharitable giving remains at the core of who we are and evident in the investment decisions that we make.


see how we're involved








 208 east boulevard
charlotte, nc 28203
phone: (704) 972-2500  fax: (704) 972-2698
 

 © copyright . all rights reserved. faison. privacy policy.
website by real estate investment marketing

 keep up with our latest news,
investments and exciting new projects.







email address
 



  


 






 







							© 2025 faison. all rights reserved. muffin group 
















































this site uses cookies to provide you with a better online experience. by continuing to use our site, you accept our use of cookies.accept




