home | bangor federal credit union  



homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files. close alert dialog closed presidents' day
 
all bangor federal credit union locations will be closed monday, february 17th for presidents' day. online and mobile banking services will still be available, as will external atm access, for your convenience.
 
 bangor federal credit union  toggle menu close

personal


deposits


checking

deposit rates

health savings

money market

online account opening

savings

share certificates and ira's

youth accounts



loans


auto & rec. vehicle refinance

debt protection plan

home equities

home improvement

loan rates

make a loan payment

mobile homes park/land

mortgage and land

new/used autos

new/used recreational vehicles

online loan application

overdraft protection

personal loans/line of credit

share secure

visa balance transfer

visa credit cards



digital banking


mobile wallet

online and mobile banking

remote deposit capture



other services


calculators

debt management & financial counseling

gift cards

in-house services

italk banking

member privilege

merchant services

northeast planning associates

reorder checks

report lost/stolen cards

shared branching





business


deposits


checking

deposit rates

health savings

money market

savings

share certificates and ira's



loans


commercial equipment

commercial real estate



digital banking


online and mobile banking

remote deposit capture



other services


calculators

gift cards

in-house services

italk banking

merchant services

report lost/stolen cards

shared branching

surcharge free atms





about us


about bangor federal


annual meeting

board of directors

career opportunities

contact us

credit union philosophy

faq

locations and hours

mission statement

ncua insured

security center



community involvement


autumn gold festival

community support

credit union legislative action council

ending hunger

ending hunger golf tournament

financial literacy

heart of ellsworth





  toggle site search search our siteenter search terms start site search open an account apply for financing login close online bankingusername loginenroll forgot password?bangor federal credit union   become a member
since 1956, bangor federal credit union has been dedicated to serving the needs of our members and local maine communities. become a member and discover the bfcu difference yourself.
become a member    4.99% visa credit card balance transfer
let us help you save on your credit card payments so you have more money to take care of the important things in life. transfer your balance to a bangor federal visa credit card today and enjoy a 4.99% introductory apr through march of 2026.
learn more    premium & plus rewards checking
at bangor federal, our members come first. that's why we're home to some of the best checking rewards around. earn 4.00% apy dividends with premium checking, or 4.00% cash back rewards with plus checking. at bangor federal, you can be rewarded for spending, or saving, your way.
learn more play top slider  pause top slider   3.66%  6-month & 1-year share certificates
*apy = annual percentage yield
see our rates  4.00%  premium checking
*apy = annual percentage yield
learn more  8.90%  our best rate visa credit card
*apr = annual percentage rate
learn more  2.63%  money market account
*apy = annual percentage yield
see our rates  
the mission of bangor federal credit union is to deliver the best financial experience to our members.    auto & rec. vehicle refinance

whether it’s the wheels that take you to and from work every day, or that weekend cruiser, let our team put you in the driver’s seat with a rate that makes your budget happy. refinance your car or rec. vehicle loan with us to receive up to a 2.00% apr rate reduction.

learn more      bangor federal annual meeting

bangor federal credit union will be holding its 68th annual meeting on sunday, march 23rd at 1:00pm at our brewer location on dirigo drive to review the 2024 fiscal year and discuss the year ahead. all members of bangor federal credit union are welcome to attend.

learn more      home loans & equities

whether you're looking to buy or build, refinance, or are looking to use the equity you have in your home as an asset, bangor federal is here for you. talk to our lending team today to see how we can help you meet your home loan needs.

home equities
home improvement loans
mortgages & land loans
mobile home loans      about us
from our humble beginnings in 1956 from a home on grove street, to becoming one of the premiere financial institutions in central and coastal maine, bangor federal’s mission has always remained the same: to deliver the best financial experience to our members.
get to know us   home mortgage loans
it’s deep in the heart of mankind to want their own roof and walls, and we’ve been helping maine families make this dream a reality since 1956. we’re neighbors helping neighbors.
mortgage loans    contact us today.
our team is always here for you! give us a call or use our online form to get in touch.

get in touch 

tools & resources


calculators

fee schedule

lost/stolen cards

rates



about us


career opportunities

contact us

locations and hours

mission statement



important information


forms & disclosures

privacy policy

nmls# 442999

routing # 211287447



back to the top 

facebook

instagram

linkedin

youtube

©  bangor federal credit union  

  
