
















































	
        
        municipality of wawa

































close alert banner










skip to content







municipality of wawa














living hereabout usage friendlyanimal servicesbuilding and renovatingbusiness directoryby-lawscemeterycommunity calendaremergency managementfire, police and ambulancegarbage and recyclinghealth carehousinglibrarymunicipal airportplaces of worshipproperty taxesroads, boulevards, sidewalksschoolstransportationwater and sewerwebcamsvoyent alertthings to doarena and ice-skatingboatingcommunity calendarcommunity centre and rentalsevents and festivalsexperience wawafitness classes adult and seniorhistory and heritageleisure activitiesrecreation programsspecial event and meeting roomsvisitors information centrewaterfalls, parks & beachesbusiness and developmentavailable landbid, tenders and rfps opportunitiesbuilding and renovatingbusiness directorybusiness licences and permitscommunity improvement planeconomic developmentindustrial parkmunicipal accommodation taxplanning and developmentsign permitsshort-term rental accommodationyour governmentaccessibilityagendas and minutesapplications, licences and permitsbid, tenders and rfps opportunitiesbudget and financesby-lawscivic achievement awardcommissioner of oathscontact uscouncilemergency managementemployment opportunitiesfreedom of informationintegrity commissionernews and noticesplans, reports and studiesreport a concern


i want to












municipality of wawa




search



trending:



















municipal news letter
follow along with the municipal news and see what council has been up to.applications, licences and permits
various applications, licences and permits can be found online now. check it out!experience wawa
discover the best outdoor experiences in ontario.business and development
wawa, which offers a number of competitive advantages not available in many other northern locations that can benefit all types of businesses.property taxes
property taxes provided by residents are applied towards the administration of all municipal departments for many essential servicesrecreation and facilities
every canadian town has a hockey story, and wawa's is as rich as any other. adult, senior, and minor hockey is a favourite pastime in this town!






news and public notices
your source for the latest updates in the municipality of wawa.
looking for more news and notices? sign up today.
keep informed



filter by


newsmunicipal news
loading news feed...

all news
loading news feed...

all public notices







wawa calendar
events
view all events




stay up to date on community events and meetings, or enter your community event details to share with the rest of wawa.

community eventsspecial events
loading calendar feed...

loading calendar feed...










municipality of wawa
elected council
connect with council



mayor
bob sandersonward 1 councillor
jeff leesward 1 councillor
les andrewsward 1 councillor
wendy meadowsward 1 councillor
laurie carrward 2 councillor
vicki minkward 2 councillor
john bloye bickle





our webcams
view our webcams




















    wawa is a township in the canadian province of ontario, located within the algoma district and associated with wawa lake.
© 2021 municipality of wawa






















navigation

community calendarindustrial parkfreedom of informationhealth care



helpful links

accessibilitya to zcommunity calendarcontact usnews and notices



town hall

    40 broadway ave,
    wawa ontario,
    p0s 1k0


    phone: 705-856-2244
    fax: 705-856-2120
   email: info@wawa.cc







freedom of informationsitemapwebsite feedback



designed by esolutionsgroup
















                close   




                i want to...
            




search





get in touch
contact us
report an issue



apply and registeranimal servicesbuilding permitsbusiness licences and permitsdog tagsemployment opportunitiessign permitspaydog tagsproperty taxeswater and sewer billingget involvedboards and committeescouncil meetingsplans, reports and studies

































close old browser notification


browser compatibility notification
it appears you are trying to access this site using an outdated browser.  as a result, parts of the site may not function properly for you.  we recommend updating your browser to its most recent version at your earliest convenience.









