

 








 




licking county health department





























































		skip to content







  

 newark (740) 349-6535
pataskala branch: (740) 755-4520

  










 





main menu
 






services





wellness services

health education

creating healthy communitiesdrive to succeeddrugs and overdose preventionfall preventionradonsass programsafe communitiestobacco preventionuber healthyouth suicide prevention 
maternal and child health programs

car seatscribs for kidsearly head startwic 
 
 


community services

birth and death certificatescommunity & public health

community navigatorclinic services

breast and cervical cancer serviceschildren with medical handicapscovidimmunizationsstop the bleed / cpr 
dental sealantsnaloxone 
public health datapublic health preparednesscommunity health improvement committeetextspot 
 


environmental services

environmental health

animal bites / rabies controlbody art (tattoos and body piecing)campgroundsfood safety programlot splitsmosquito controlplumbingpoolsprivate water systemssewage treatmentsolid wastevaping stores (ends facilities)water sample testing 
 
 
 

pataskala branch officea-z infoabout us

administrationannual reportboard of healthhealth department history and awardsjobs and internshipsleadership team
contact 
 
 

 
 







 









our mobile clinic is on the road!
let us come to you!






















our mobile clinic can provide:







childhood immunizations
adult immunizations (flu, covid, etc.)
blood pressure screenings
sexually transmitted infection screenings
narcan distribution
overdose prevention education
car seat distribution
car seat safety checks
wic services
stop the bleed and cpr training
tick education and awareness
septic system training
swimming pool operation training







click here to reserve!

















































need a ride to a medical appointment?
uber health can help. click here to learn more.



























featured program - drug overdose prevention (dop)















































reducing overdose deaths
project dawn is a community-wide naloxone (also known as narcan®) distribution program. naloxone is a medication that can be used to reverse an overdose caused by an opioid drug. the project educates individuals who use opioids, their family, and their friends on how to recognize the signs and symptoms of a drug overdose and how to administer naloxone (narcan®).







request a free narcan kit (mailed to you)



















































vital statistics











birth and death certificates, burial permits, and other vital records







learn more









online vitals request form











health education











improving personal and population health status, while emphasizing prevention.







learn more











community services











providing exceptional public health services that meets the needs of our residents.







learn more











environmental health











investigating health problems and environmental public health hazards







learn more









inspection records





























licking county                health department






our mission: prioritizing prevention and providing education to protect your health and our environment.  
our vision: to be the trusted, community-focused leader in public health, providing accessible services to achieve optimal health. 
our values:

community oriented
accessible
quality
accountable

we strive to provide outstanding customer service to all of our customers, and we take an "every customer, every day" approach to public health.  take a look at our customer service philosophy for more about our dedication to customer service



















contact us
























































































sign-up to receive public health announcements and alerts







name*email*

commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  











δ




















having trouble finding what you need? contact us














 







popular pageshomepage
news
birth and death certificates
clinic services
administration
employment
 

quick linkswellness services
community services
environmental health
a-z information lookup
contact us
 

contact information licking county health department
675 price road, newark, oh 43055      (740) 349-6535
fax: (740) 349-6510
email us
pataskala branch office
621 w. broad st, pataskala, ohio 43062  (740) 755-4520

 

 










							copyright © 2025 licking county health department 

site crafted by robintek: columbus healthcare website design 
 









start typing and press enter to search 


search...


  







scroll to top









































