



wild horse books & art, horse drawn vehicle books and plans for wagon, cart, carriage, stagecoach












 
wild horse books & art
255 n 
boulder road, deer lodge, mt 59722email
books@wildhorsebooks.com 

kayo fraser - 
406-846-3686 mountain time
 home  

about us   

blog

home

draft horse books

carriage driving books

vehicle books

vehicle plans 

stagecoach

model books

model kits

model parts

model plans

model wheels

models for sale

harness

gifts
kids

cookbook

rare

carriages & wagons for sale

cart chart

wagon print

art

links
other books





 


wild horse books & art has the world's largest selection of books and plans for building or identifying 
	horse drawn vehicles to include carriages, carts, wagons, buggies, sleighs, 
	stage coach and many more; also books on training and driving draft horses, 
	mules and carriage horses; model vehicles & kits; books for building model 
	carriages and lots more. 


 


the photo above was taken at my booth one year at the draft horse show in 
	  idaho


i will 
	try to update my 

blog when i find new items. sign up to 
	get the notices.
 

collectible or
	rare books 
	are added when found, so check back often. let me know if you are looking 
	for something in particular - i might be able to find it.


i have been selling books written by other people on 
	  driving horses and horse-drawn vehicles since 1980. 
	  today i am announcing a young adult novel i wrote:
 "listen to you spirit" is 
	  available from me and on amazon but order from me and i'll autograph your 
	  copy!! 
   
	  a brief summary: 
    
	  orphaned after a plane crash in africa, two kids from florida, 
	  12-year-old kelly and her 10-year-old brother, jake, have to find their 
	  way out of the jungle. in the delirium resulting from her injuries, kelly 
	  meets her spirit guide, a black leopard, who appears when she prays for 
	  someone, anyone, to help them. she doesn’t understand at first what he 
	  means when he tells her ‘listen to your spirit’.
        
	  when two white men and two natives find them, the kids are 
	  relieved, but their excitement fades as they realize it is greed that 
	  motivates the white men who rescue them. 
           
	  mystery enshrouds their lives in south africa before they learn the 
	  truth behind the misconceptions.
           
	  simba, the black leopard, appears in several forms, helping kelly 
	  find her destiny as she learns to listen to her spirit. 
	  
      
	  $12.95 each plus $3 mailing book rate within the usa.
	  
 you can use paypal to order - send money to: 
	  books@wildhorsebooks.com, or i can send a paypal invoice, or mail a check 
	  to kayo fraser 255 n boulder rd, deer lodge, mt 
	  59722
    
	  this is the full cover front and back, below. cover and inside 
	  illustrations are by the famous janene grende!

 
 it was published by raven 
	  publishing, inc. and it is also available as an e-book on amazon for 
	  $2.99.






	  our other web site is the fraser school of driving  
	  we teach people how to safely drive horses. open year round. 
	  we also have some awesome driving horses for sale.


we are distributors for kutzmann carriages, yonies 
	  harness and ideal harness. 
	  
	  we custom order harness to fit your horse and driving interests.


we have a great selection of horses or sale or we 
	  might be able to find just what you need. 



	  there is no online ordering at this time except with your account at  
www.paypal.com. you can 
	  send payment with paypal to my email address below be sure to let me know 
	  what you are ordering and add s/h


to order: you may call with credit card info, mail a us check or us money order 
	with the s/h added.


if you have any trouble with the email or pages, please call, kayo fraser 406-846-3686
	



email books@wildhorsebooks.com

 this site is powered 
	  by 100% wind energy.






home    draft horse   
light driving  
kids   
vehicle books   plans for building vehicles 
harness  
out of print books  
gifts  kits
carriages for sale  

