


katrina's angels - an agency coordinating jobs, homes, and resources for the survivors of hurricane katrina




















katrina's angels
coordinating resources for the survivors
of major natural disasters.


home page
sponsors
media center
donate



announcements
resources
volunteers needed
fundraising ideas
fundraising campaigns
about us


mission
relief resources
our results
stories of hope
program leadership
thank you donors!  





august 2005 - august 2014
              katrinas angels did its best
 

 
sadly, katrina's angels, inc. is forced to close due to lack of volunteers and funds. a core group of us have
                   valiantly tried to help those in need since august, 2005.
                 

         we believe that with the advent of social media, and the way local groups spring up and can better handle
         some situations, the old way of doing things no longer works. it is time for us to move on, whether that
         be volunteering in some capacity online or in our own locales.  as of this posting, we will no longer
         be accepting donations.
        
           the board of k.a. will decide to disseminate what funds we have left to a cause compatible
           with ka's mission and charter.
         

         as for you? please, look
         into your heart and find a worthy organization with "street cred" to support, through your time,resources or donations.
       

         it has been an honor to serve you. we'll still be out there, somewhere. if there is any information you
         would like, please copy and paste it into your own documents, as these pages will be disappearing, and
         are scheduled for deletion in the near future.
      

 on behalf of the katrinas angels board of directors,  
         karen iwicki
       

         katrina's angels, inc.
     

  





 








news and announcements

click to read current news!
>!
5/1/2014 - 

    
rain brings flooding to new york, new jersey , abc
4/30/2014 - 

    
pensacola, florida, and mobile, alabama, swamped by flash flooding; one dead pensacola, florida, and mobile, alabama, swamped by flash flooding; one dead , weather channel
4/29/2014 - 

    
couple killed in lincoln co., tn, storms, wistv.com
4/29/2014 - 

    
arkansas tornadoes: 'utter devastation', 15 deaths reported , weather channel
4/29/2014 - 

    
frantic, chilling moments as tornadoes slam southern us, reuters


who we are
katrina's angels is a national volunteer effort that is driven by the generosity of people wanting to make a difference for those
            communities  affected by federally and state-declared disasters. we are committed to providing coordinated solutions to rebuild the
            lives of those in communities affected by disaster through our volunteers and our partners. katrina's angels is incorporated in the state of new york and is registered as a
            public charity 501(c)3. ein 13-4364286.
we need angels willing to lend a hand as well as people willing to coordinate our angels.
please visit our volunteer page to join our efforts.

our results
we have had hundreds of volunteers registered in our organization at various times, and a growing list of partners who work together
            to serve the needs of those people affected by federally and state-declared disasters. following the hurricanes of 2005, katrina's angels had 900+ evacuees
            and their families register and many families had every one of their needs filled. even more inspiring are the results we have achieved since that time.
            to read more accomplishments by our organization and its partners, please visit our results page or the
            angels in action forum .








 katrina's angels
financial director cheryl bystrak  
9495 wehrle drive.       
clarence, ny 14031 
phone:  1-877-angel 13, 1-877-264-3513 

fax: 262-279-0452
 ein no. 13-4364286
--------------------------

        e-mail: click here

site map
privacy policy
user agreement
designed by yeadon group







