























veterinarian in central point, or | crater animal clinic






















































 













call us today! (541) 779-0951






menu

home
about us

our doctors
our team
our facility
pet insurance


new clients

online forms


services

preventative care

cats
dogs
horses
goats
sheep
pigs
camelids
cattle


small animal
large animal
veterinary orthopedic manipulation (vom)
laser therapy
acupuncture
boarding


store
contact
 










 
contact us today!






 
we welcome new clients







 crater animal clinic 
phone: (541) 779-0951 
  665 e. vilas rd.central point, or 97502  
 business hours 
monday - friday:
8:00am-5:30pm
saturday: 8:30am-12:30pm
sunday: closed 





  call us: (541) 779-0951 get directions                 small animal          large animal          vom           laser therapy          acupuncture        welcome to crater animal clinic
“the technology to treat, the heart to heal”
crater animal clinic offers a wide range of services for both our large and small animal clientele. each department offers a variety of services such as diagnostic, treatment, surgery and recovery areas utilizing the latest in technological advances for the best care of our patients. both large and small animal departments are equipped with a complete pharmacy, an in-house laboratory, and diagnostic services including radiology, ultrasounography and endoscopy. crater animal clinic is committed to excellence in every way. our doctors and staff attend continuing education courses to stay informed of the latest advances in veterinary medicine and we’re proud to say that we have some of the best veterinarians in the rogue valley, oregon !
we are happy to offer a number of resources that enable you to learn about how to take better care of your pets. please feel free to browse our site. the best veterinary care for animals is ongoing nutrition and preventative care, so becoming knowledgeable about your pets care is essential to the ongoing success of your animal’s health. we offer after hours emergency services for our current clients. if you have any questions, call 541-779-0951 or email us and we’ll promptly get back to you. our central point veterinarian office is very easy to get to — and you can find directions on our contact us page!
 
   our location   contact uswe will do our best to accommodate your busy schedule. contact us today!
contact us   like us on facebook 
           home
about us
new clients
services
contact
      crater animal clinic   phone: (541) 779-0951 											 address: 	 665 e. vilas rd., central point, or 97502    sitemap | accessibility | website by doctor multimedia     


going on vacation where you can’t take your furry friends??
don’t sweat it!! we’ve got you covered!!
crater animal clinic offers daycare and overnight boarding for dogs and cats!!

visit our pet boarding page


			×			



  call us 
  text us 








skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset






 
