


new england art (progressive) rock society - new england's ear on progressive (prog) rock music



new england art (progressive) rock society - new england's ear on progressive (prog) rock music



what is newears? a not-for-profit organization of progressive music lovers. the primary goal of newears is to create a community of music enthusiasts dedicated to sharing and promoting progressive rock in the new england area.
please see the about page for more information about our goals and history, as well as contact information.





about newears
prog news
prog artists

new england
united states
internatonal
the legends


prog events

new england
		prog shows
newears art rock series


library
prog links

new england clubs
prog media
internet radio
prog labels
prog merchants
prog rock communities


mailing list








newears album of the month

			pattern-seeking animals - friend of all creatures
			
			"pattern-seeking animals have been a rather prolific band. having released their debut album in 2019, these spock's beard-aligned musicians have developed a sound that is all their own in the ensuing years. 'friend of all creatures' sets out to prove just how far they have come over the course of five albums. with a new label and an emphatically new approach to album art, the music on this latest disc is confident, exploratory and emotional. 'friend of all creatures' turns out to be the band's best release yet.
			'friend of all creatures' is a magnificent album, full of stirring performances. the lyrics are a bit more impressionistic this time around, but that only serves to allow the listener to bring a part of him or her self into john boegehold's world, to live along with leonard, meros and keegan in a wonderland of music that emanates from the heart, resonates with the brain, and requires talented hands to perform. last year, i welcomed pattern-seeking animals to the big leagues. this year sees them taking a big leap forward."  jg-tpa

batting five for five, pattern-seeking animals return once again on their breathtaking run of albums. while not breaking much new ground from previous albums, their quality remains consistently high and their instrumentation sufficiently creative to woo fans new and old. with a balanced mix of long, elaborate arrangements and shorter, punchier songs, 
'friend of all creatures" once again satisfies, thanks to four of the best musicians prog has to offer. sm-sp 


			essential track: "another great example of their connection is on the album epic, 'another holy grail'. clocking in at nearly twelve and a half minutes, the song begins with a lissom electric piano and vocal introduction which drops off a cliff into a maelstrom created by keegan and meros. synths and guitar handle the melodic duties, delving deeply into the symphonic side of prog. five minutes in, the vocals take center stage, delivering a message of holding on in the face of adversity. for all the changes in mood and tempo, the song never feels disjointed. grail's instrumental coda is a highpoint, dynamic and full of orchestral grandeur, capping off one of p-sa's finest works."  jg-tpa
			 
			


			read the full reviews on the progressive aspect, and sonic perspectives.

			listen and watch the videos on the band's youtube channel.

			buy the album from the band wagon usa or wherever great prog music is sold.
			 
			
newears art rock series



03/26/25lifesigns
taffeta music hall - 

lowell, ma

			click on the following link for a complete list of bands that have played for the newears art rock series
			 
			

new england events


02/20/25the moody blues' john lodge - performs days of future past with special guest jon davison of yes
cary hall - 

lexington, ma
02/22/25the moody blues' john lodge - performs days of future past with special guest jon davison of yes
shubert theatre - 

new haven, ct
02/27/25welcome back my friends - an evening with emerson, lake & palmer - rare footage returns keith & greg to the concert stage performing alongside carl palmer's elp legacy live!
tupelo music hall - 

derry, nh
02/28/25simon phillips protocol
scullers jazz club - 

boston, ma
02/28/25welcome back my friends - an evening with emerson, lake & palmer - rare footage returns keith & greg to the concert stage performing alongside carl palmer's elp legacy live!
ridgefield playhouse - 

ridgefield, ct
03/11/25kraftwerk - multimedia tour 2025 - 50 years of autobahn
boch center - 

boston, ma
03/14/25dream theatre - 40th anniversary tour
oakdale theatre - 

wallingford, ct
03/14/25welcome back my friends - an evening with emerson, lake & palmer - rare footage returns keith & greg to the concert stage performing alongside carl palmer's elp legacy live!
garde arts center - 

new london, ct
03/15/25dream theatre - 40th anniversary tour
boch center - 

boston, ma
03/15/25welcome back my friends - an evening with emerson, lake & palmer - rare footage returns keith & greg to the concert stage performing alongside carl palmer's elp legacy live!
the cabot - 

beverly, ma
03/20/25pink talking fish - wish you were here 50th anniversary
the drake - 

amherst, ma
03/21/25the machine - performs pink floyd - the wall
ridgefield playhouse - 

ridgefield, ct
03/21/25pink talking fish - wish you were here 50th anniversary
the cabot - 

beverly, ma
03/22/25the machine - performs pink floyd - 50 years of wish you were here with animals
ridgefield playhouse - 

ridgefield, ct
03/26/25lifesigns
taffeta music hall - 

lowell, ma
03/28/25pink talking fish - wish you were here 50th anniversary
the warehouse at ftc - 

fairfield, ct
04/03/25jethro tull's martin barre - tull tales: martin barre unplugged
tupelo music hall - 

derry, nh
04/03/25evil woman - the american elo experience
bnh stage at cca - 

concord, nh
04/04/25evil woman - the american elo experience
the colonial theatre - 

keene, nh
04/05/25evil woman - the american elo experience
the norwood theatre - 

norwood, ma
04/11/25mogwai
paradise rock club - 

boston, ma
04/11/25the phil collins experience
tupelo music hall - 

derry, nh
04/13/25nektar: the legendary rock band - mission to mars 2025
the vault music hall - 

new bedford, ma
04/13/25dweezil zappa - rox(postroph)y
academy of music theatre - 

northampton, ma

all upcoming shows ...>>







newears featured show: 

			  lifesigns - taffeta music hall
			  lowell, ma - wednesday march 26th


lifesigns are an independent uk based band of virtuoso professional musicians.
members of lifesigns have worked with artists ranging from asia and the scorpions through to pop and jazz
icons like bonnie tyler and quincy jones. 
the latest studio album altitude was crowdfunded by our dedicated fans in 40 countries worldwide 
(including 36 us states) and has been compared to everything from steely dan to pink floyd to u.k.
our previous album cardington got to number 4 in the uk indie chart without so much as a play on 
mainstream radio.
we have toured the uk, germany, the netherlands, poland and lithuania and have played on five sailings of
the iconic cruise to the edge out of florida, usa. on the 2024 cruise simon phillips (toto, protocol) 
guested on drums as our regular drummer was unavailable.
in july 2023 we released a live album recorded at de boerderij in the netherlands and a blu-ray version is to
follow in 2024. work has also commenced on the fourth studio album...





latest new england prog news:

		 steven wilson coming to boston's shubert theatre - september 29th

		   steven wilson has announced the eagerly awaited north american leg of the overview tour - his first full-band solo headline run in the us and canada in over seven years.
		    the band's lineup for the run will feature adam holzman on keys, nick beggs on bass, craig blundell on drums, and randy mcstine on guitars, along with wilson.
		    coming to new bedford, ma - april 13th - at the vault

with special guest: the paul bielatowicz band

		    big big train return to the regent theatre - april 17th -








 







			season 11 of the newears progshow is back on deliciousagony progressive rock radio.





click here for season 4-11 and the latest podcast from delicious agony - progressive rock radio

click here for a complete list of artists that have appeared on the newears prog show season 1-3


newears prog show sponsors
























		     





