










warm beach camp & conference center: premier year-round rental facility



















































































































skip to content





















group facility rentals lodging rentals meeting room rentals recreation rentals challenge course rental outdoor school food servicescamps / events day camp horsemanship disabilities ministry family campout internships warm beach open house kids 2 camp benefit day the lights of christmas giving donate support & pray volunteer kids 2 camp special eventsbooking




 




×
group facility rentals lodging rentals meeting room rentals recreation rentals challenge course rental outdoor school food servicescamps / events day camp horsemanship disabilities ministry family campout internships warm beach open house kids 2 camp benefit day the lights of christmas giving donate support & pray volunteer kids 2 camp special eventsbooking










 









 








life changes here 



a break from everyday life 



unwind and unplug 






















washington’s premier camp, conference, and retreat facility 











located just one hour north of seattle, warm beach camp and conference center offers year-round camp, conference, and retreat rental facilities and also has programs for families and adults. serving greater puget sound since 1956, warm beach camp (wbc) provides rental facilities and event planning services for church, school, non-profit, and governmental groups throughout the pacific northwest and the lower mainland of british columbia, canada.
warm beach camp offers year-round equestrian programs such as riding lessons and pony club. warm beach is also home of the lights of christmas, a family-friendly holiday event.





















facility rentals
imagine the possibilitiesa variety of meeting rooms, lodging options, and recreation opportunities













wbc family campout
july 23-27,2025family campout is a wonderful way to experience all that camp offers withyour family.















wbc open house
sunday, may 18, 2025 12:00pm-4:00pmcome enjoy a day of fun at warm beach camp! our way of saying thank you! 













giving/ volunteering
partners in ministryhave fun while strengthening the ministry at warm beach camp.



















“what camp goers are saying"













“warm beach camp is truly the most professional and helpful camp i’ve ever worked with! i loved looking at all the pictures and maps from emails and the website as i was planning my group schedule. it was wonderful knowing that if i called or emailed, someone would answer in a timely fashion!"–mae, northwest chi alpha 

“the grounds are beautiful and we thoroughly enjoyed the trails down to the water and dikes below as a means to stretch our legs and take a break from sitting in a meeting. our time together was encouraging, productive and relaxing. the staff, grounds and facilities helped make that possible!”
–luke, camp bighorn













 






















let us know how we can help. 







booking inquiries















about wb









volunteer









employment












news & updates blog









contact wb









directions/campus map


























































warm beach camp and conference center
20800 marine drive, stanwood, wa 98292






360-652-7575 / 800-228-6724




















sign up to receive emails



























































© 2008-2025 warm beach camp & conference center website. all rights reserved. | privacy policy









 
scroll to top

















