










black's cliff resort | northern wisconsin lakeside cabins and lodges













































reservations and availability



lodging


recreation


resort information


pet policy


blog


jenny's sock shop
 





it's cozy cabin season








enjoy the northwoods from one of our lakeside cabins or lodges.





							view all cabins and lodges
							










									norway pines cabin
									









									wildflower cabin
									






black's cliff is a four-season, family-oriented resort located near minocqua, wisconsin in hazelhurst on lower kaubashine lake. we occupy 4,000 feet of beautiful shoreline shaded by towering pines and white birch. all eleven cabins offer a lake view and are spaced to ensure privacy. the cabins have all been newly remodeled while retaining their famed "northwoods" charm.



vacation at the lake!





							recreation at black's cliff resort
							





lower kaubashine is a sparkling-clear, spring-fed, 200-acre lake. black's cliff resort offers a sandy beach complete with a diving raft, canoes, kayaks, tubes and more. we also provide an enclosed swimming area for younger children, as well as a groomed waterfront and large piers for sunbathers. if you would like to bring your own boat, let us know in advance, so we can make sure to have a dock ready for you.
whether you are visiting the northwoods for swimming, waterskiing, or looking to land some muskies, lower kaubashine lake will take care of you!



experience some of wisconsin's most pristine lakes, rivers and streams.





							canoe adventures with steve
							





some of northern wisconsin's most beautiful places are only accessible by paddling, and steve is the guy to get you there.



bringing a boat? need a boat?





							boating policies and pricing
							





whether you are bringing a boat, or need a boat, we have you covered. check out our boating page for policies and pricing.



dogs welcome



										dogs are always welcome at black's cliff as long as they follow a few resort rules.
										
















reservations and availability



lodging


recreation


resort information


pet policy


blog


jenny's sock shop
 


 (715) 356 - 3018   |  
     email    |  
        please contact us for specific information based on when you wish to vacation at black's cliff resort.









subscribe to the black's cliff newsletter
the black's cliff newsletter delivers to you only the best content about resort news, lodging specials, northwoods activities, and the day to day activities of running a northern wisconsin resort.

*
				indicates required

email address
					*


first name
					*


last name
					*


phone number
				
()
					-
(###) ###-####

















      copyright 2025 blackscliff.com. all rights reserved

 



	jquery.magnific-popup.min.js
	
    
