





knowledgepoints – affordable tutoring, proven results





























 



  
 


skip to content








browse locations 

 










 tutoring servicesour processreading tutoringmath tutoringwriting programsat/act test prephomework edgestudy skills programaffordable tutoringproven resultsparent centerfaqstime managementseven steps to homework successbasic skills for success in algebrasummer learning lossfive action steps for summer learningaboutcontact 














homeknowledgepoints2022-01-14t15:14:49-05:00 
for affordable, effective tutoring we’re here to help
customized programs in reading, writing and math
knowledgepoints provides proven techniques for better grades in math, reading and writing. we also offer sat and act test prep programs that have helped thousands of college bound students nationwide.
find a locationtesting and diagnosis
each student is given a complete diagnostic assessment to pinpoint strengths and weaknesses ensuring no tutoring time at the learning center is spent in areas that are already mastered.
learn more >customized tutoring
our learning centers provide tutoring on an individualized basis following lesson plans created specifically for your child.
learn more >motivation and rewards
with a unique motivational system and our commitment to build relationships with parents and classroom teachers, we ensure success for every student at our tutoring centers and make learning fun.
learn more >why choose us?what clients say
“the transition from 6th to 7th grade was difficult for taylor. one of his teachers recommended the knowledgepoints program to help in reading. after just 40 hours of instruction, taylor’s vocabulary has gone from a 5.6 level to a 7.3 level, his comprehension has gone from a 6.8 to an 8.2, and his confidence is soaring.
jack h., pennsylvania
i would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to knowledgepoints for the outstanding educational service provided to my daughter over the past several weeks. in a short period of time, she has advanced an entire grade level in mathematical skills and has gained immeasurable confidence in her abilities, while having fun in the process.
susan h, texassign up now for exciting tutoring programs
at knowledgepoints, you and your child will get proven techniques for better grades in math, reading, and writing.
our sat and act test prep programs have helped thousands of college-bound students nationwide.
we provide a comfortable, supportive environment; happier, more confident kids; thoughtful touches for parents (like free wifi while you wait), and the peace of mind that comes with knowing you have one less thing to worry about.
contact us today



 
 









 
 
 





		copyright 2024 knowledgepoints®, inc. all rights reserved	


facebookfacebookfacebook
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link













go to top






