




















home page





welcome to llamatopia 
     
  


    

                



    

build your llama image with llamas from

     
beacon 
hill llama   

               
farm 


                         
where their genes meet your dreams


  member, llama association of southern 
	california (lasc), camelids ofmcalifornia (coc)                     



  international llama registry 
	 (ilr), alpaca and llama show association 
	(alsa)
                               
 join the fun !!!!!
   
       come visit beacon hill farm.  llaugh 
a lot,  and llearn about llamas. you will be charmed 
and amazed by these wonderful animals!  

argentine 
	madness has made it's way to beacon hill farm.   we 
	are so proud to number kobra's serpiko
	among our illustrious herdsires.  serpiko
	was the 2005 celebrity world champion 
	from 



	lc-llamas.  his has  seven crias  on the 
	ground and they have definitely fulfilled our expectations.   
	check them out below and on our "new crias on the block" page.  serpiko 
	is available for limited breedings. 




 


kobra's serpiko            
	                  
	serpiko's premier                             
	absolut                            
	royal spinnaker            
	serpiko's spot on 


2005 celebrity world                           
	b. 6/1/2006                          
	2006 april magic                       
	our stunning                         
	with his mom

class iii                                                                                         
	supreme champion                   
	millennium son                       
	moonspinner

 
we have become active in 
learning how to spin and process our wool and thank our spinning teacher, 
margaret tyler of la mesa, for all of her wonderful tips.  to learn 
more about our shearing activities
and wool, please go to our wool page.
  

  llamas

              
 
build your llama image with  llamas from beacon hill farm.
 
adopt-a-llama
sale and contact information:
 

dr. ruth baak, proprietor, 
beacon hill farm
gene nicholson, proprietor, 
bonita llama farm
www.bonitallamafarm.com
kenny blakley, farm manager
2086 mother grundy truck trail, jamul         
ca
p. o. box 1152,   
jamul ca 91935
(619)468-6808 or   (619) 468-3074

send mail to rebaak@aol.com with 
questions or comments about this web site.
copyright © 2001 beacon hill farm

 


 
thank you for visiting the 
beacon hill web page.
 




 

 


beacon hill farm is
  located in jamul, ca.   in conjunction  with bonita llama farm we provide
  the ultimate in stress relief and "shear" fun.  we are situated at 3000
  feet on the madre grande peak in the jamul mountains with a panoramic view, believe it or
  not, of a castle.   


       


come and visit us. meet our herdsires, the most reknowned of which are  flambe
  (shown below), rll millennium,  gll jakarta, bardo's garcilaso,  
	dutch flat's absolut, and of 
	course, kobra's serpiko!!     


           
                           

see  
our latest crop of crias born in june and july, 2011.  they are really 
something! (please go to cria page)  among them are progeny from serpiko, 
bueno chico (a chiri chico son), and millennium!

.  


	beacon hill farm,
  home of a modest herd of llamas noted for their fine fiber, beauty,
  fine dispositions, and conformation, welcomes visitors who wish to acquaint themselves
  with these incredible animals. (please call ahead to schedule an appointment.)
 
 
the mission of beacon hill farm:
when you stand on a hill beside a
herd of llamas, you are transported to a unique and special place, almost a new world of
peace, tranquility, and beauty which you share with these remarkable, undemanding, yet
lovely companions. it is the mission of beacon hill farm to foster education for new
owners which will allow them to provide and care for their animals in the manner which
they deserve, bearing in mind how they live in the wild. by properly mentoring our
customers, we can promote an awareness of the possibilities which await them: the joy of
sharing their life's) with llamas. every effort will be made to educate new owners so that
they may harbor their llamas according to a standard that preserves the animal’s
personality, trust and dignity, while keeping them safe. our goal is to keep the promise
we have made to our animals; that we find responsible caring individuals to care for them
in their new homes, so that these individuals can happily share the serenity of the
hilltop with them.

            
                                          
i
                  

beacon hill's fiamma
and mor's frangelica and angelica funicello 
(the latter
are long's high five x  rmp's annette funicello daughters)
our llamas are available for
purchase, breeding, and wool. ask also about our adopt-a-llama program, designed
particularly for spinners who would like wool from that special llama, and for those who
would like to learn about llamas before owning them
ask about our herd specials 
and packages
monsieur macduff (alias, duffy) 
's grand-nephew, polo, is now our llama guardian, along with his friends, lacey. 
timmy, tulip, and g.g
 
                          

 
even our barn moved from valley center to
jamul.  you can see that the moms and crias are enjoying it.
                    



