



cherokee brick home page- america's trusted brick supplier, since 1877. 


































































skip to content





cherokee brick homepage

products 

georgia classic collection
mississippi classic collection
georgia handcrafted collection
mississippi handcrafted collection
heritage collection
architectural collection
thin brick
browse by color
vendor products


better with brick 

why choose brick
the true cost of brick
an environmentally responsible choice
better with brick
brick sizes


galleries 

residential
architectural
interior


about 

our capabilities
processes
our history


resources 

contact 

cherokee brick blog
brochures
contact us
georgia submittal requests
mississippi submittal requests
careers


where to buy 









search










search







 facebook
 twitter
 instagram
 pinterest
 linkedin



get inspired
brick selector
why brick?
sustainability











america's most trusted brick supplier

view our collections










 


welcome
get inspired
brick selector
why brick?
sustainability








 




classic beauty. timeless durability.
cherokee brick is proud to carry on the tradition laid by generations of brickmakers in delivering construction solutions that will withstand the test of time.
founded in 1877, cherokee brick has sought product innovation as a professional brick manufacturing company hallmark, continually refining our production and laying processes to fit and enhance nearly any application. today, we have the capability to manufacture over 100 different varieties from our georgia and mississippi plants. our capacity has also expanded, allowing us to meet the demands of customers hailing from diverse industries nationwide.
why cherokee brick?









cherokee brick can help you
get inspired
explore our unique collections and discover the wide varieties and styles of product available from cherokee brick.
need help?  
contact us







hampton

georgia classic
our georgia classic collection includes some of our most loved products, both for residential and commercial applications.
view collection






berkely / light gray

mississippi classic
with distinctive texturing details and natural color variations, this collection will give you exceptional results.
view collection






andersonville / ivory mortar

georgia handcrafted
nothing compares to the signature texture or captures the warmth of the artisan spirit like our georgia handcrafted traditional brick.
view collection






bourbon streeet / desert buff mortar

mississippi handcrafted
our handcrafted mississippi brick is one of our most popular styles for those looking for that traditional reclaimed brick look.
view collection






ponte vedra / ivory

heritage
cherokee brick has paired the authentic look of handmade brick with an innovative manufacturing process to create this distinctive collection.
view collection






velour brown

architectural
our architectural brick collection offer exceptional durability and a consistent color range for commercial projects.
view collection













find the perfect brick
brick selector




what is your usage?




residential





architectural





interior






choose style



conventional 




handcrafted 





traditional or trending?



traditional 




trending 





choose appearance



reclaimed appearance 




modern appearance 





choose color



reds / pinks 




browns / greys 




whites / tans 






start over









#whybrick
a superior building product.

better return on investment
virtually no maintenance for 100 years 
lowers insurance cost and has a 1-hour fire rating
capable of withstanding huricane force winds and sustained deluges
naturally rot and mold resistent
increases home curbside appeal
environmentally responsible from using locally sourced materials
improves energy efficiency in your home








eco friendly



cost



quality



style



durability



versatility











building a greener tommorow
the most sustainable green building material made
brick is a natural building material made from raw materials that has been in use for thousands of years.   as a building material, brick is durable and energy efficient. the manufacturing process has minimal waste and many recycling options, making brick an environmentally sound choice.




natural ingredients



natural ingredients
building environmentally responsible means building with brick. brick are made from naturally abundant clay and shale. because brick breathes and allows water to evaporate it is beneficial to help with moisture issues. in addition to lowering energy consumption because of inherent thermal properties, brick is non-flammable and non-combustible.




recycling options



recycling options
brick is a naturally excellent insulator and maximizes the thermal efficiency of your home and your budget while minimizing your environmental footprint.
cherokee brick’s manufacturing process starts directly from georgia soil. we source all of our materials locally, reducing greenhouse emissions from transportation. as a result, our process yields no waste in raw materials, while our kilns run exclusively on both natural and methane gas that is diverted from local landfills.




eco-friendly mfg.



eco-friendly manufacturing
at cherokee brick, our clay mixture is never wasted. all of our clay material is consumed at some point during our manufacturing process. anything left over can be reused or converted into other products throughout our brick manufacturing company.
our kilns run on both natural and methane gas. for decades, cherokee has piped methane gas from the local landfill to use as fuel in our kilns.












                		success!
                	

                		an error occurred while processing your request. please try again later.
                	
get in touch with us
cherokee brick company supplies the highest quality brick nationwide. contact us with any questions.

















we don't provide pricing over the phone or through email. you will need to contact a showroom or a distributor for pricing and availability.






facebook
twitter
instagram
linkedin
pinterest


© 2025 cherokee brick

site by: third wave digital










