










the psalmistry: original sheet music, lyrics, audio for the psalms







the psalmistry
original music for the 150 psalms



menu ▼

home
music
categories
terms of use
links about
help

 





 




original sheet music, lyrics, melodies, guitar chords, audio files for the 150 psalms
• to find a psalm, type a psalm number, word or a phrase in the search box, or use the   drop-down "menu ▼" at the upper left for clickable music directories and other resources.
  • search.  watch. listen. print.  the  site provides  unified, simple and instant resources for all  users. desktop users can use picture-in-picture (pip) features  in addition to media links in the drop down menu for  each psalm.  mobile users can click on the small window at the top of each lyric page and/or expand/rotate it to full screen. see the help file. lead sheets as well as sheet music are provided through the drop down menu. viewers may also visit psalmistry's youtube channel and pinterest boards.
• at  this time, the music is free for non-commercial use. i do request that ccli (christian copyright licensing intl.) license holders report their use. 
• be sure to check out the 2024 additions in the directories. for added external resources, check out the hymns of grace and textweek sites. 
 enjoy  the music of the psalms! send a link to a friend if the music is useful. 
stephen  pearson 
    composer,  songwriter 
    psalmistry  music

featured psalm 



watch as pip

how lovely is your dwelling place (psalm 84) (ccli 4434595)
1. how lovely is your dwelling place,
        o lord god, my king.
        my heart and flesh cry for your grace;
        my soul faints with yearning. 
blessed are those who dwell in your house, o god,
        and whose strength is in their lord!
        they have set their hearts on the pilgrimage;
        set their path upon your word. 
2. even as the sparrow finds a home,
        and the swallow finds a nest —
        so my place is near my god and king:
        at your altar will i rest. 
hear my prayer, o lord, look upon my soul,
        and know that i am true.
        for you, my god, are my sun and shield:
        blessed are those who trust in you!
 


© 1995-2024 stephen j. pearson
https://www.psalmistry.com
contact: psalmistry@gmail.com 




