


the contractors plan



 











  








































participant call center (all benefits): 1-855-433-2981




homecustomers+construction contractorsservice contractorsproducerstrade associationscomplete solution+products+retirementmajor medicalsupplemental medicalspecialty benefitsexpatriate coveragehrabenefits administration+easy-to-use portaltracking & reportsplan design & consultingtotal fringeadministrative services onlyhour bankingreserve accountingcoverage & discrimination testing5500 preparationmissed premium collectionemployee educationplan investmentslinks to your payroll systemaudit supportloan program administrationcompliance+prevailing wagedavis-bacon actservice contract actliving and responsible wage ordinanceserisastate department of labor (dol)plan advantages+take care of your staffdecreased operating costsrisk mitigationfull-service supporthealthcare reform+does it apply to me?save now, save latercompliance with acawho's helping you comply?top five reasons to offer health insuranceaca compliance faqsabout us+blognews & prexecutive teamour partnerswhat our customers sayprivacy policycontact us











customersconstruction contractorsservice contractorsproducerstrade associationscomplete solutionproductsbenefits administrationcomplianceplan advantagestake care of your staffdecreased operating costsrisk mitigationfull-service supporthealthcare reformdoes it apply to me?save now, save latercompliance with acawho's helping you comply?top five reasons to offer health insuranceaca compliance faqsabout usblognews & prexecutive teamour partnerswhat our customers saycontact usprivacy policy 



win more jobs.stay compliant.reduce your workload.



            we're here to help:
            




construction contractors
service contractors
producers
trade associations




if your competitors on public projects have bona fide benefits plans in place and you don't, you're probably losing bids. 
learn more


when it comes to federal service contracts, preparing the leanest bid is critical to your success. we can make you more efficient.
learn more


our robust product offering and comprehensive sales and client service tools help you win over and retain customers.
learn more


offering value-added services through a partner with industry unique knowledge and expertise helps you attract and retain more members.
learn more













contractors face unique challenges when it comes to benefits. make sure you partner with the expert.
the contractors plan understands the unique challenges that davis-bacon and service contract act contractors face when creating and managing a bona fide employee benefits plan. we specialize in prevailing wage contractors and compliance, and we've assembled our knowledge into a flexible, easy-to-use solution that reduces your workload while offering great benefit options for your employees.
the strict penalties around healthcare reform make it vital to have an experienced partner. we've been studying the affordable care act (aca) since it was passed, and we can help you develop a proactive benefits platform that meets the requirements of the aca and complies with prevailing wage laws. 









we've thought of everything.
imagine a flexible suite of medical, retirement and specialty benefits, supported by easy-to-use online tools.
see how the contractors plan is the complete solution.



if you don't have a plan, you're missing out.
lower operating costs, improved risk mitigation and less time and stress with benefits management.
see all the benefits to your business.



go ahead and run the numbers.
in an environment where the lowest bidder wins, we can make you more competitive.
calculate the impact to your business. 








copyright © 2024the contractors planall rights reserved.
contact us


 
 



customersconstruction contractorsservice contractorsproducerstrade associations 

complete solutionproductsbenefits administrationcompliance 


healthcare reformdoes it apply to me?save now, save latercompliance with acawho's helping you comply?top five reasons to offer health insuranceaca compliance faqs 

about usblognews & prexecutive teamour partnerswhat our customers saycontact usprivacy policy  machine-readable files (mrf) download








