






edible wild mushrooms, photos, identification, descriptions - david fischer's americanmushrooms.com










americanmushrooms.com site index
about • mushroom basics • coolest mushrooms • edible mushrooms • 
1,046 mushroom photos! • home • lawn & garden mushrooms • mushroom links • medicinal mushrooms
morel mushrooms • mushroom i.d. • mushroom photography • mushroom show • music • mushroom odors • psilocybin mushrooms • schedule • store • tiniest mushrooms • toxic mushrooms




 
share



american mushrooms
featured mushroom pages



edible wild mushrooms
mushroom basics (faq)
poisonous mushrooms
mushroom photo gallery


basic mushroom i.d.
lawn & garden mushrooms
books and dvds
wild musical mushroom show


mushroom photography
coolest mushrooms
morels, morels, morels!
tiniest mushrooms


psilocybin mushrooms
the death cap mushroom
mushrooms that smell
david fischer's music page




the best mushroom books are available in the
americanmushrooms.com bookstore

         
         
         
         





welcome to americanmushrooms.com. this web site affords me the opportunity to share with the general public the marvels and delights of wild mushrooms, which are often referred to as "the higher fungi" because they evolved from primitive fungi. it serves as a forum where i can display the results of my many years of studying and photographing these remarkable organisms. and it affords me an opportunity to play an increasingly active role as a promoter, a "champion," of what some might thoughtlessly call "toadstools."
 
     if you'd like to know more about me, look here.





     i am always glad to get e-mails from folks who have visited my site. if you have a mushroom you need help identifying, post clear digital images at the americanmushrooms.com facebook page and i'll gladly take a look.




     if you have suggestions or criticisms, or any problems with the website, please share them with me. photographic contributions are welcome, so if you have a good photo of a species i haven't posted photos of yet (or even better shots of species of which i do have photos posted!), send it on. if you enjoy the photos, the information, the amusements, i'll be grateful if you order something from the americanmushrooms.com online store. and please, point your friends, relatives, neighbors and co-workers to americanmushrooms.com.
 
     meanwhile, enjoy!
 
     --david william fischer
 
for more information, contact me via the americanmushrooms.com
facebook page







americanmushrooms.com site index
about • mushroom basics • coolest mushrooms • edible mushrooms • 
1,046 mushroom photos! • home • lawn & garden mushrooms • mushroom links • medicinal mushrooms
morel mushrooms • mushroom i.d. • mushroom photography • mushroom show • music • mushroom odors • psilocybin mushrooms • schedule • store • tiniest mushrooms • toxic mushrooms





to contact david fischer or submit a mushroom photo
for identification assistance, "like" the americanmushrooms.com
facebook page






copyright © 2006, 2018 by david w. fischer.  all rights reserved.




