









luxury vacation rentals in taos ski valley | edelweiss lodge and spa
























































































stay

one bedroom one bath
one bedroom two bath
two bedroom two bath
three bedroom three bath
hotel room lock off


special offers

lift tickets/equipment rentals


dining
spa
location
book now
575-737-6900
 















luxury accommodations 
							book now 
							 


ski in / ski out 
							book now 
							 


fine dining 
							learn more 
							 


the peak of luxury in taos ski valley 
							book now 
							 


full service spa 
							learn  more 
							 














edelweiss lodge & spa

welcome to ski season 2024-25!
 
the first snows have fallen and the ski season is right around the corner.  we are off to a great start and can’t wait to get you out on the epic slopes of taos ski valley.
our staff love the mountain and love skiing; that is why we are here!  we will be happy to help navigate and decipher the array of ski lessons offered by taos ski valley’s first rate ski schools, find a great restaurant serving the best new mexican green chili, or find that hidden chute not shown on the resort’s trail maps.  experienced therapists are on hand at the edelweiss’ first class day spa offering a range of massage treatments as well as facials, body scrubs treatments as well as private and group yoga classes.  the on-site alpine xtreme ski shop will gladly arrange for your rental and/or demo needs and the blonde bear tavern consistently provides quality food and first class service to area diners.
come see what makes the edelweiss lodge and spa, truly “the peak of luxury in taos ski valley”.
we hope to see you soon!
-kent forté, general manager









our accommodations









2 bedroom /2 bath condos









1 bedroom /2 bath condos









2 bedroom/2 bath condos









3 bedroom/3 bath condos









hotel rooms









2 bedroom/2 bath condos









3 bedroom/3 bath condos









2 bedroom/2 bath condos















dining
the blonde bear tavern is open from thursday through monday for apres ski and dinner, with happy hour pricing from 3-5pm. join us for world class cocktails, extensive wine selections and delicious locally crafted italian inspired cuisine.
enjoy a relaxing drink in the lounge while the lobby game room keeps the kids happily entertained with a large flatscreen tv, pool table, and foosball tables.
the blonde bear café is open each friday through monday offering  a variety of homemade bagels, quiche, tea and coffee bar and fresh squeezed juice and grab and go options. stop by to eat or pick up an order for your whole family!

learn more









spa
the spa at the edelweiss offers a range of spa treatments including a variety of massage therapies, facials, and body scrubs.

learn more









amenities

full service spa
on-site dining and après ski
hot tub & sauna
fitness center
ski valet
boot lockers,
on-site underground parking


learn more









location
located at the base of taos ski area. ski in / ski out, walk to shops and dining. on site parking.

learn more









ski taos
what makes taos ski area so special? the mountain, the people, our independence.

learn more
























contact information
telephone: 575.737.6900fax: 575.737.6995email: stay@edelweisslodgeandspa.commailing address:po box 83taos ski valley, nm 87525physical address:106 sutton placetaos ski valley, nm 87525




	more about the edelweiss lodge & spa
about us
photo galleries
faqs
club and meeting room
winter activities
summer activities
in the news
related links
 












privacy policy: mobile information will not be shared with third parties/affiliates for any purposes. all the above categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties. if you wish to be removed from receiving future communications from the edelweiss lodge & spa, you can opt out at any time by texting “stop” in response to any text messages received.

 

© 2024 edelweiss lodge & spa, taos ski valley, nm 87525





























