




nasa - image science center

















skip navigation (press 2)


+ visit the nasa portal
+ image@swri
+ image science center


search:









  image is launched from vandenberg afb
  


on 18 december 2005, after 5.8 years of successful operations,
image's telemetry signals were not received during a routine pass.
currently, image has not responded to commands and a
press release on this unfortunate event has
been issued. the image mission was designed as a two-year mission but has
exceeded all its scientific goals and has produced a fire hose of stunning
images of the previously invisible region of space in the inner magnetosphere.


the final report
of the image failure review board has now been released. the most likely
explanation of the failure was the result of an induced "instant trip" of the
solid sate power controller (sspc) supplying power to the transponder. other
possible, but very unlikely causes, could not be eliminated, however. the report
as well as the full presentation of the review board presented on 04 april
2006 is available on the
mission publications page.


the image spacecraft was launched from vandenberg afb on 25 march
2000, at 20:34:43 ut. image was the first satellite mission dedicated to
imaging the earth's magnetosphere, the region of space controlled by the
earth's magnetic field and containing extremely tenuous plasmas of both
solar and terrestrial origin. invisible to standard astronomical observing
techniques, these populations of ions and electrons have traditionally been
studied by means of localized measurements with charged particle detectors,
magnetometers, and electric field instruments. instead of such
in situ measurements, image employed a variety of imaging
techniques to "see the invisible" and to produce the first comprehensive
global images of the plasma populations in the inner magnetosphere. with
these images, space scientists were able to observe, in a way never before
possible, the large-scale dynamics of the magnetosphere and the interactions
among its constituent plasma populations.


image used neutral atom, ultraviolet, and radio imaging techniques to:


identify the dominant mechanisms for injecting plasma into the 
      magnetosphere on substorm and magnetic storm time scales;
determine the directly driven response of the magnetosphere to
      solar wind changes; and,
discover how and where magnetospheric plasmas are energized,
      transported, and subsequently lost during substorms and
      magnetic storms.



+ homeimage science center


overview
news and announcements
education and public outreach
data and ancillary products
documentation
spacecraft and instruments
additional resources




update:
on 20 january 2018, the image spacecraft was re-discovered by an amateur
astronomer, and its identity was confirmed on 30 january. the data from
the image signal will be analyzed over the next few weeks to determine the
state of the spacecraft. 
more...








+ privacy policy and important notices





nasa official: dr. david r. williams

curator: dr. e. v. bell, ii

version 4.2.4






