














home | mymoney.gov







      skip to main content
    









an official website of the united states government
here’s how you know


here’s how you know









the .gov means it’s official.


              federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. before sharing sensitive information, make sure you’re on a federal government site.
            






the site is secure.


              the https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely.
            














mymoney.gov





español




menu















search




home




mymoney five & tools




life events




topics




crypto-assets




tribal and native




climate change




justice impacted individuals
















enter search term(s):

advanced search











 




resources for military consumers
the flec recognizes the financial challenges that servicemembers, veterans, and military families face and the need for financial education to ensure their financial readiness.
learn more









resources for justice involved individuals
the flec is committed to helping justice impacted individuals forge new beginnings with access to useful and trustworthy financial education information.
learn more









looking for more information about financing higher education?

learn more









how money smart are you?
have fun learning about financial topics! play 14 animated games on the fdic’s new site.

play the games!









protect yourself from identity theft 
identity theft is the illegal access and use of someone’s personal and financial information. check out these resources and learn how to avoid and recover from id theft. 
learn more






previousnext






























featured newsfinancial literacy and education commission annual report to congress fiscal year (fy) 2023 – fy 2024.this report, also known as the strategy for assuring financial empowerment (safe) report, highlights the relevant activities of the agencies represented on the flec to advance financial literacy and education in fy 2023 and fy 2024. continuing its strategic focus to coordinate, support, and encourage federal government efforts to improve financial literacy and education, the flec is committed to serving as a partner in public and private sector efforts to improve americans’ financial knowledge, skills, and decision-making and empower americans to use these abilities to enhance their financial well-being. the strategy for assuring financial empowerment (safe) report 2024about flecthe financial literacy and education commission's vision is of sustained financial well-being for all individuals and families in the u.s. in furtherance of this vision, the commission sets strategic direction for policy, education, practice, research, and coordination so that all americans make informed financial decisions.​learn more about flec














for researchers

clearinghouse of federally-funded research reports, articles and datasets on financial capability and related topics.

go to resources for researchers

for teachers & educators

curricula, lesson plans, tip sheets, guidance and helpful tools for teaching financial capability.

go to resources for teachers & educators

for
youth

information, games and fun facts about money, saving and planning for the future.

go to resources for youth















about us | contact us | sites, policies and notices  | google privacy  | site map 















