










debt consolidation counseling christian credit counseling







































































home

about
contact us


community

current newsletter
forum
live prayercasts
prayer testimonies


resources

budgeting
accelerated debt repayment
debt management
debt settlement
identity theft
bankruptcy
credit rating
mortgage foreclosure
prosperous life newsletter


making money

the road to financial victory is not just about paying off your debts
an introduction to small business ownership
video workshop – how to start a small business and make it succeed


publications
donations
 


select page


  
 
 










305-331-8480
become debt free today!



follow
















what other people say about us





three years ago i was in danger of losing my home but god provided a miracle through you and we thank you from the bottom of our hearts…dbh in maryland see more



during the recession my husband and i almost lost our home. but your ministry helped us save our home and develop a new financial strategydn in virginia see more







three steps to permanent financial victory





1: establish a working budget


why should you have a budget when most of your friends don’t?
is it possible to develop a really simple budget what will produce financial success?
is it possible to benefit from a budget if you have variable income?
does it take a lot of time to manage family finances from a budget?


more – about budgeting



2: start repayment of all debts


which debts should you pay first?
what are your best repayment options?
how do you repay your debts in the shortest possible time?
is it possible to be out of debt in only 7 years including your mortgage?


more – about debt repayment



3: take control of your credit rating


did you know your reputation is largely a function of your credit rating?
did you know that you can manage and control your credit rating?
are you among the millions who have never seen their own credit report?
do you know how to obtain your credit reports and protect your reputation?


more – about your credit rating





debt repayment plans that actually succeed

reduce payments 50% or more
creditors stop calling
debt freedom in a few years

we know exactly what to do…

nonprofit christian ministry since 1987
a+ rating at the bbb
tens of thousands already set free

speak to an experienced counselor (305) 331-8480 or submit the below info to request a call back

name*


first name



last name

best phone #*best daytime hour* email*

bills current*


bills current



bills not current
we will never share your personal info without your permission!
  
































free ministry publications

click on a below title to download any of the following free e-publications:




god’s way to debt freedom
basic strategy to achieve prosperity
family budgeting guidelines
accelerated debt repayment
biblical prosperity and the role of faith
facts you should know about your credit score
facts you need to know about debt repayment
facts you should know about debt consolidation
facts should know about credit repair
family budget form
eight basic secrets of financial success
principles of financial stewardship




special helps publications

certain publications require a small donation. you can find out more about them by clicking the following titles to be taken to amazon.com for more info.

financial helps:

budget yourself to financial victory
debt smashdown: repayment strategies that succeed
credit repair that reduces monthly payments
prosperity school: straight from the bible
start a home business in 30 days
employee to employer in 90 days

ministry helps:

narrow is the gate: an introduction to the christian religion
new testament power for the last days (coming soon)








305-331-8480
become debt free today!


https://creditcounseling.net/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/cornerstone.mp3

enter a prayer request







 









© 2024 credit counseling. all rights reserved. privacy policy

follow



developed by davteks enterprises



 





























