






































    local radio station | las vegas, nv | 702-648-0104
  













                 support our non-profit radio station.
donate today ⟶

 

     

 

 

 

 

 










    


     home



  talk shows



  on air


   radio schedule



  personalities



  mix show djs





  who we are


   mission statement



  vision statement



  our future





  connections



  community



  local news



  national news



  donate



  events



  faqs



  contact us



  channel 88



  gospel sundays


   sunday program



  power hour of praise top picks





  essay contest



  teen talk







   

contact us








    
 





        where we are one

 diverse and local radio station in las vegas

  

radio schedule




    2025 taste the dream community resource fair @ pearson communitty center﻿

    

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button







  

view more

 mlk   weekend highlight

    

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button










   new paragraph
  





   

 power 88
kcep-fm
 we are one
   


a community service of eob, kcep-fm provides more than 150,000 listeners each week with an eclectic blend of hip-hop and r&b, locally produced public affairs programming, and cultural programs. the station broadcasts throughout the las vegas valley on its frequency of 88.1 fm. as a member-supported, non-commercial station, kcep is proud to be an national public radio (npr) affiliate station. contact us today to learn more.   

learn more




    




    tune into our talk shows

power 88 kcep-fm is your single source for dynamic talk shows, educating listeners with the latest topics and news. tune in today!
     

talk show info


   

channel 88





  




    




    we are one
 power 88 kcep-fm is las vegas's most diverse radio station, with all kinds of music playing at different hours throughout the week. whether you like old-school jams, today’s r&b, or anything else in between, we’ve got you covered. tune in today or check out our radio schedule to hear your favorite on-air personalities and djs.   
  

 kcep power 88 fm

  










  

view schedule




   our mission
engage, inform, and entertain 
our audience by providing a distinctive and thoughtful mix of news, public affairs, and music programming.

 creating connections
and engaging the
 community
 the vision of kcep is to be the nucleus of the community by providing knowledge through dynamic programming, creating connections through effective partnerships, and actively engaging the community with a vital public radio presence.
     station management

   




  craig knightgeneral manager702-648-0104dj benzoapd assistant program director / traffic manager702-534-1418angela burrell underwriting department 702-648-0104amber blowproduction department coordinator 702-534-1408brother paul gentle gospel music department702-648-0104



   kcep community advisory board

   




  lauren brooks (chair)detrick sanford (vice-chair)tyrone bentleyantanus pullumdarius tostontiffany ward



   eob board of directors

   




  public sectorlawrence weekly (chair)assemblyman c.h. millerprivate and business sectorfred haron (treasurer)low-income community sectorylonda dickerson(the second board seat within this sector is vacant as of 7/1/2020.)





  

reach out




    our future
 we are thrilled to tell you of a very exciting development for kcep:the 1923 westside school and campus, where kcep resided, is now a historical landmark on the national registry. kcep moved out of the 1923 westside school for rehabilitation purposes and moved next door into the newly renovated 1948 building. both buildings are on the 1923 westside school campus, located at 330 west washington avenue in las vegas (89106), on the corner of the newly renovated "d" street.kcep is currently upgrading into a multimedia center, a place for students to train for future careers in broadcasting, digital media, and online programming. kcep serves the community and is a resource for over 200,000 listeners on a weekly basis.kcep has a long history in the las vegas community, dating back to its humble beginnings at nucleus plaza (formerly the golden west shopping center) in 1972 with just 10 watts (now 10,000 watts). for more than 45 years, kcep has prospered thanks to the dedication and perseverance of a passionate community. with your support, kcep has an opportunity to flourish into a modern-day digital facility that will enhance its abilities to serve the community.
     

support power 88


   

community news







   



   be a part of sustaining the excellent music, vital information, and essential public programming that serve the las vegas valley each day. as a member-supported, non-commercial station, we ask our listeners to own a piece of the airwaves as we purchase a new transmitter that will elevate our mission of engaging, informing, and entertaining with a distinctive and thoughtful mix of news, public affairs, and music programming.   

donate




    follow us
 stay connected and be the first to know about community information, events, contests, and more.     

 

 

 

 

 






 




       kcep-fm (est. 1972)we are one
 as well as being a community service of eob, kcep-fm also provides an eclectic blend of r&b, old-school hip-hop, jazz, blues, gospel, and locally produced public affairs and cultural programs.the station broadcasts throughout the las vegas valley on its frequency of 88.1 fm and throughout the world with live on-air streaming on our website, tuneinradio.com. as a member-supported, non-commercial station (eeo annual public file report), kcep is proud to be a national public radio (npr) and african american public radio consortium (aaprc) affiliate station. 
public media code of integrity   

view talk shows


 






   
 send us a message
  contact us
   name

 email

 message





thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later

 


  contact us
 email﻿ cknight@eobcapsnv.org phone 702-648-0104 address 350 w washington ave, suite #125,
﻿las vegas, nv 89106 lobby hours monday - wednesday: 9 a.m. - 3 p.m.thursday - friday: 9 a.m. - 11 a.m.saturday & sunday: closed underwriting department 702-534-1441cknight@eobcapsnv.org     

 

 

 

 

 







  
  frequently asked questions
 got a question? we’re here to help.      why is power 88 kcep-fm so popular?

   




  power 88 kcep-fm is the most diverse local radio station 
in las vegas! our local radio station 
plays various genres of music at different hours throughout the week. view our radio schedule to hear your favorites all week long. you can join us at power 88 by tuning in to 88.1 fm or streaming live from our website. our local radio station 
offers a diverse blend of r&b, old-school hip-hop, jazz, blues, and gospel. in addition to old-school music and the latest hits, we have talk shows, locally produced public affairs, and cultural programs.our local radio station 
is known as "the people's station" because we are a member-supported, non-commercial station. power 88 kcep-fm is a local radio station 
that is dedicated to the community and serving the people. support power 88 by streaming live or donating to our non-profit radio station!



   what areas do you serve?

   




  our radio station is available to anyone, anywhere!as long as you have an internet connection, you can stream music and talk shows.



   how much does your local radio station cost?

   




  power 88 kcep-fm is a free radio station for all to enjoy, simply stream live from our website!



   what's the best way to contact you?

   




  power 88 kcep-fm can be reached by phone at 702-648-0104, by email at info@kcepfm.com, or by submitting one of the contact forms on our website.








   








      



    





    

contact us
do you have questions or comments about our local radio station's programming? send us a message, and we will get back to you soon.online public inspectionpower 88 kcep-fm350 w washington ave, suite #125,  las vegas, nv 89106phone: 702-648-0104 
email: cknight@eobcapsnv.org
economic opportunity board
  

submit a request or ask a question

    

 

 

 

 

 







    local radio station

  © 2025 
all rights reserved | power 88 kcep-fm






    




























































































































  
  share by:








