



	lifesaving society | home








































skip to main content




                                ontario
                            

navigation to different sections related to drowning prevention.
water safetydrowning researchswimming & lifesavinglifeguardingfirst aidteachingswim to survivemanagement trainingsafety managementlifesaving sport

searchhomesitemapcontact usfaq



















the lifesaving society is a charitable organization working to prevent drowning and water-related injury through our training programs, water smart® public education, safety management services, drowning prevention research and lifesaving sport.
the lifesaving society office is open monday to friday from 9:00 am to 5:00 pm. curbside pickup from 9:30 am to 4:30 pm.




working to prevent drowning and water-related injury






donate now webinars lifeliner dec 2024
read the december 2024 edition (pdf) / subscribe here 2024 national drowning report  2024 ontario drowning report watch me not your phone posterorder the poster in english or french 


building more aquatic centres in ontariothe aquatic sport council of ontario has developed building more aquatic centres in ontario, a white paper designed to support government and industry stakeholders in planning for ontario’s future sport and community infrastructure.
the white paper calls for a dedicated provincial fund to support the construction of 50m pools, development of regional recreation centres, and the creation of best practices for design, operations, and revenue generation.
access the full white paper at this link. updates to ontario provincial pools regulationthe ontario government has issued updates to the ontario provincial pools regulation (r.r.o. 1990, reg. 565: public pools) effective january 1, 2025. to ensure  your facility is adhering to the most up-to-date regulations, refer to  the province's website. the society is here to support our affiliates, so  please reach out to us if you have questions. learn more about these updates here. national drowning prevention week 2025save the date! ndpw 2025 will take place from july 20-26, 2025.  leadership recertification points systemthe lifesaving society has updated the instructor, coach, examiner and trainer leadership recertification process. the new leadership recertification points system offers a wider variety of options to earn points and recertify with ease! read more about recertifying. 2023 ontario non-fatal drowning reportfor every fatal drowning in ontario, there are nearly four non-fatal drownings that are serious enough to require an emergency department visit every year. learn more in the 2023 edition of the ontario non-fatal drowning report. ontario lowers minimum age to be a lifeguard or instructoron june 2, 2023 the government of ontario announced that it was lowering the minimum age requirement to work as a lifeguard, assistant lifeguard and aquatic instructor from 16 to 15 years of age. the lifesaving society ontario supports this change. read the release. ontario transition to the updated national lifeguard programthe lifesaving society has updated the national lifeguard program to ensure its curriculum and performance standards remain current, relevant and grounded in the competencies required by lifeguards. get the 2023 update info here. online and blended learningupdated dec. 2022 - read the lifesaving society’s guide for affiliates and leadership personnel regarding the delivery of society courses in online or blended learning formats. ontario inflatable waterpark safety standardsthis guide will assist inflatable waterpark owners and operators in providing a safe aquatic environment for their patrons; it explains the society’s position on inflatable waterpark issues and informs owners and operators about safety expectations as a preventive measure. add it to your aquatic reference library today. 


price list media contact program guide (pdf)how certification processing works prerequisite policies check your awards in find a member nl examination policy instructors - how to recertify how to become an examiner (pdf)how to become a trainer (pdf)sfa recert policy become a lifeguard 






navigation to pages for accessing different website features.

login

individual membersaffiliate membersshop lifeguarddepotfind a coursefind a memberfind a jobfind a formmediaabout ushow to donatepolicies
lifesaving factoidcity of ottawa currently holds the society's brummitt bowl awarded annually to the ontario affiliate with the largest first aid and resuscitation program.






                                            copyright 2024 by the royal life saving society canada, ontario branch. registered charity no. 10809 7270 rr0001.
                                        
legal noticeprivacy promise











