










home - vista chamber of commerce





























































 
 



















skip to content




























 
directorymembers membership benefits member directory member to member deals member map member login strategic career planningabout us about us board of directors staff contact uswhat’s new job postings hot deals news releases newsletter (e-news) velocity – vista chamber podcast vista magazine our blogevents chamber events community events 66th annual vista christmas parade 2025 state of the community 2025 heroes of vista vista strawberry festival england trip with the vista chamberworkforce development rising star student of the month velocity summer internship program socalexplore dining shopping real estate lodging entertainmentjoin








 







 

























catalyst for business growth and champions for a stronger community.

















about the vista chamber of commerce
the vista chamber of commerce is a diverse organization that is focused on impacting our community in a powerful way. for more than 100 years, the vista chamber of commerce has represented our community by advocating for businesses, planning for our community’s future, giving back through our non-profits, and partnering to make vista a sought after place to do business, raise families, shop, dine, and play. we are a convener of leaders and influencers who make things happen. our chamber shares a strong partnership with our community leaders and we pride ourselves by connecting businesses to every level of government. we are a catalyst for business growth and champions for a stronger community.












					directory				








					events				








					news				








					hot deals				








					join				












 


upcoming events 


 








view all events













 

people

new members 


 








join today!




















 
2025 heroes of vista gala - see the list of nominees and purchase ticketsthis event celebrates the success of our community by recognizing local leaders with awards in education, business, and community categories. the event also serves as a fundraiser to support the mission of the vista education foundation.


learn more & purchase tickets


 


 
discover charming england with the vista chamberembark on a 9-day tour of england, exploring iconic landmarks in london, cambridge, the lake district, liverpool, cardi  bay, and stonehenge. experience england's rich history and picturesque scenery! 


learn more


 


 
winter issue of vista magazine out now!the digital version of the winter issue of vista magazine is out now!
read and learn about some awesome businesses and organizations in our community. keep up with what's happening in vista!


learn more


 


 
north austin economic study tour | march 19-21, 2025join north county chambers and the san diego north economic development council on a trip to north austin, texas to explore the economic growth strategies of another suburban area.


learn more


 


 
velocity, vista chamber podcastjoin vista chamber ceo, rachel beld, as she interviews the movers, shakers and changemakers of vista!


learn more


 


 
 vista strawberry festivalsave the date for may 25, 2025 for the return of the berry!


visit our website


 






























promoting a strong local and regional economy.

















meet the staff




















rachel beld
chief executive officer









email




















kent leithold
member & community engagement director









email




















gumaro escarcega
development director









email




















alma gutierrez
marketing & communications coordinator









email




















erika hernandez
operations manager









email



















the voice of vista business.

















vista magazine



















winter issue, vista magazine 
the winter issue of the vista magazine is out now!
learn about different businesses shaping our community, get updates from vista chamber ceo rachel beld, vusd superintendent dr. doyle, and vista mayor john franklin.
check out all the events taking place in our community and connect with local businesses through our business directory.
read more 


















edición de invierno, revista de vista 
¡la edición de invierno de la revista de vista está disponible!
aprenda sobre diferentes negocios haciendo una diferencia en nuestra comunidad, lea actualizaciones de la directora general de la cámara de comercio de vista rachel beld, del superintendente del distrito escolar de vista dr. doyle, y del alcande john franklin.
aprenda de los eventos que tomaran lugar en nuestra comunidad y conéctese con negocios locales a través de nuestro directorio de negocios.
lea más 























thank you to our






chairman circle members





















                                sdge logo                            














                                scripps logo                            














                                the film hub logo                            














                                edco disposal logo                            














                                california state university san marcos logo                            














                                vista unified school district logo                            






next
previous









 












© 2025 vista chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












vista chamber of commerce









phone number




(760) 726-1122 










map and address




170 eucalyptus avenue, vista, ca 92084 










email




info@vistachamber.org 










facebook





linked in 





youtube





instagram












leave us a review












sign up to receive updates





















 © 2025 vista chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top




















