


scottish law online - scots law, scottish law, law in
scotland



















scottish 
          law online 
home
| search 
          | contact

















home 
              | resources | legal 
              topics a - z | directory 
              | students | shopping 
              | fun | community | amazon


find: jobs 
              | documents | books














large areas









resources




courts

legislation 
journals
list all resources




legal topics




legal 
                          topics a-z




student




student 
                          zone 
student journal 
universities 




directory



find 
                        a lawyer 





amazon










 intelligence 



 



news 



visit the news 
                          centre for today's uk legal, business and general 
                          news  



corporate 



the corporate 
                          zone can help you find information about companies 



industries 



specific industry 
                          sectors including media and utilities are covered 
                          in depth 


community


discuss issues online                             in the community - click to  login or register






select language


















 welcome
to scottish law online








introduction...



                 welcome to scottish law online, a web portal for lawyers,
solicitors or advocates, academics, students or the public who are
interested in scots law. the site is completely independent and is not
associated with any university, law firm, the law society of scotland
or the scottish parliament.


 resources
a to z of the law of scotland


by clicking the resources link above you can
access links to courts, legislation, organisations, governments,
professional bodies, societies, universities, journals, publishers
bookshops and a lot more of relevance to the scottish law community.
the practical resources area has practical tools for lawyers.
links to over 50 areas of scottish law covering
everything from arbitration to workplace health and safety. other areas
of law include banking law, contract, delict, employment, corporate,
family, divorce, computer, conveyancing, human rights, international,
immigration, consumer law, personal injury law and many more. 


scottish law firm directory
scots law student zone


the scottish law firm directory contains law
firms and solicitors in aberdeen, edinburgh, glasgow, inverness, perth,
dundee, stirling and by postcode for other areas. law firms in england,
the uk and the world as well as advocates, sheriff officers and
accountancy firms are also listed. also included are accountancy and
recruitment firms.
help, advice and links for scots law students in
scotland. aside from links to universities, law schools and the diploma
in legal practice, the site contains a lot of information for trainees,
a bulletin board, chat room and advice on getting work experience,
traineeships and jobs after studying law. trainees can find information
about the traineeship in this area.


search law
scots law student journal



facility and tool to help lawyers search the
legal web. aside from allowing users to search scottish law online
itself, the facility allows quicker legal research to be conducted
across a wide range of scots, uk and world legal resources on the
internet in scotland, the uk and worldwide. this area can also be used
to search this site, google and the dmoz directory.


the first ever scots law web journal,
launched in october 2000 and based on the scots law student zone. the
journal has essays and dissertations submitted by  students at
scottish universities but is open to contributions from anyone in the
legal community. areas covered include competition law, computer law,
defamation, taxation and medical law.



corporate zone 
news centre 


the corporate zone contains a variety of links
to sites and tools to find information about business issues and
companies themselves. the information available is not limited to
scotland in the uk but includes worldwide links.
the news centre features links to all uk and
many international newspapers and online news sources as well as live
newsfeeds providing up to the minute breaking news on a variety of
scottish and world business and general interest topics.


also worth
mentioning...


the corporate zone has
company information, companies house forms, annual reports, shares,
trading, exchanges and more. the european
zone has legislation, courts, institutions, information, law
and other things as well. the practical
resources area has a hell of a lot of tools which should be
of use to lawyers in everyday practice. it also has mystery tours from
delia venables' site which are relevant to scotland.


no more law
please...


don't worry, this site is not all law! there
are many other links to non law sites on the recreation zone which
has sport, a games zone,
music, clubs, humour, web stuff, magazines, tv, radio and more. and on
the news zone which
has links to most news sources in the uk and many worldwide ones too.
the shopping zone
has lots of products for sale on uk websites and a different design to
the other pages to make it easier to use. 


supporters



this site features a number of adverts and
promotions from amazon,
                  clickdocs,
                  lastminute,
                  paramount
zone, valueclick
and tradedoubler. click on these links to support the site. a few areas
specifically promote the site and these are the webrings and banners areas.



final word...


the legal web is no longer as small as it was
when this site first started in 1997. let me know if you come across a
site you think should be added or if you find a dead link on this site.
                  

















special features









legal documents









find a job









shop online











google










ads 




 






ads 




 








 go to:
main page top















scottish law online quick links:
scotland: law society - scottish courts - scotland 
                legislation - scottish 
                parliament 
england: law society - courtservice - dca - home office - law 
                commission 
 uk: bailii - opsi - parliament - house 
                of lords - directgov - statute law - chambers 
europe: europa - ecj - echr - eur-lex - commission - parliament - treaties - oeil 
 world: worldlii -  austlii - cornelllii - findlaw - un - icj - wto - lex mercatoria 
best of the web: amazon - google - facebook - imdb - bbc 
              news - radio1 - tv  - rof

 












discussion 
          forum  
© 
          kevin f crombie 2009 



home 
            | add a url 
            | feedback 
            | about this site 
            | search 
            | privacy policy 
            | disclaimer 
            | what's new?









