


sally's midnight news





















    
	sally's midnight news
	
  
paranormal romance and romantica author





monday, september 30, 2013



	 
	 another great surprise!
	 
    




















i keep getting these nice surprises - another book in print, with two of my fav hussies - featuring my book, fae's gargoyle, ciana stone's sin in jeans and nathalie gray's cassiopeia. i hope you find this anthology a nice surprise, too!labels: cassiopeia, fae's gargoyle, hussies, sin in jeans



posted by sally painter at 2:47 pm
0 comments






monday, august 12, 2013



	 
	 new book - embracing kismet
	 
    





my latest is a print book embracing kismet that's 2 in 1 - a combo of two of my futuristic stories, love me tomorrow and sexed up!

love metomorrow...
earth, 2360

shalene
 courers leads freedom fighters against the demrons to retrieve a 
crystal that is the secret to earth’s defense. when she captures the 
mysterious mecah—tall, blond and very sexy—desires flame and the 
interrogation soon melts under his scorching passion.

mecah’s
 possession of shalene is more than lust—she’s the kismet mate he’s 
sought all his life, only she doesn’t believe him. shalene and mecah 
join forces to turn the tide of war, but without winning the heart and 
soul of his fated mate, he stands to lose his greatest battle.

sexed up...
in
 2383, all the men on earth are dead. the anti-male world government, 
convinced it was "god's will", has outlawed all research into 
re-creating males.

working illegally, randi mayers, the
 world's foremost sex-replacement designer, aims to create the closest 
thing to a real man the technology is capable of. william, the result of
 advanced nanite technology incorporated with dna, is the ultimate "sex 
replacement" and everything randi dreamed of. his sexual prowess leaves 
her breathless — and very, very satisfied.

but william 
is much more than a machine, dammit — he's a man! as his "testing" 
continues and he demonstrates more and more human characteristics, they 
fall in love, but discovery and industrial espionage place them on a 
collision course with the anti-male faction, with dire results.





posted by sally painter at 3:20 pm
0 comments






wednesday, october 19, 2011



	 
	 consolidating blogs
	 
    


originally, i set up two blogs; one for the radio show and one for my books. to consolidate, i'm focusing my blogging on the other blog. i hope you'll join me over there as i turn my writing efforts back to romance books.

thanks much for following!



posted by sally painter at 6:42 pm
0 comments






thursday, july 01, 2010




	 love me tomorrow
	 



happy 4th!!! now, more than ever it's so important to remember all of the brave selfless people who gave the ultimate sacrifice so we have a 4th of july to celebrate. have a great holiday and god bless america!~~~~~~ ************************************************** ~~~~~~~~i'm pleased to announce the single title release of love me tomorrow, previously released in the fated mates anthology, which was reviewed by romantic times as a 4.5 star, top pick and also nominated for rt reviewers' choice award. i hope you enjoy this futuristic scifi love story. - sallyearth, 2360shalene courers leads freedom fighters against the demrons to retrieve a crystal that is the secret to earth’s defense. when she captures the mysterious mecah—tall, blond and very sexy—desires flame and the interrogation soon melts under his scorching passion.mecah’s possession of shalene is more than lust—she’s the kismet mate he’s sought all his life, only she doesn’t believe him. shalene and mecah join forces to turn the tide of war, but without winning the heart and soul of his fated mate, he stands to lose his greatest battle.excerptshe changed into a clean uniform, donning a fresh pair of black boots. if she was going to seduce him, then she needed to allow herself to enjoy it. didn’t she? it was a direct order. she was a good soldier and did whatever she was ordered without hesitation or question. she squared her bare shoulders, looking at her reflection.strong arms were exposed from the tight bustier vest. her breasts rose high and full above the leather lacings. the matching leather pants clung to every curve, and she knew with the high-topped boots, in another time, she would have looked like a dominatrix. all she needed was a whip. she laughed at herself and turned from the mirror.she reached for the canister of brandy, noticing how her hand shook. the glass was cold against her sweaty palms. she poured the golden liquid into the goblet, letting the bottle tilt longer than normal, until the glass was full. that should bolster her enough to seduce captain mecah. it would be easy. he was a willing partner. but was she? could she do this? it had been fifteen years since she’d been with a man and while it was her choice, it was still something she missed. would she find, after years of abstinence, her ability to control her passion foolproof, or would the ever-present longing for the feel of a man overpower and dominate her?the alcohol shot through her, fanning in warm layers, dulling her mind and giving her a relaxed buzz. that felt good. she picked up the helmet, feeling giddy and school-girlish.abber waited outside shalene’s door.“the prisoner’s demanding food. i ignored his request. i figured food would be part of the…ah…”“torture?” her boot heels clicked faster as she hurried down the corridor with abber a few paces behind her.“the general ordered me to get some extra things, so i need to see about it.”“what things?” she halted and turned on him, her rage seething just below her façade of control.“ah.” his face rushed crimson. “wine, music, candles, ah—”“you have to obey the general’s orders, abber. don’t worry about me. i can take care of myself.” her heart tugged for the pained look centering his eyes. “while you’re about it, grab a plate of chow for the prisoner and bring it to the room.”“aye, commander.” he saluted and practically ran to the mess hall.her hatred for general jacob flamed at the thought of him using abber. he knew how close the youth was to her. she balled her hands into hard fists, standing outside the metal black door, dreading what she had been ordered to do. she was a solider and a commander. in spite of all attempts to accept the order, her anger toward general jacob grew.so be it! she’d not give jacob any satisfaction. donning the helmet, she stiffened her spine and took a deep breath. she would do this her way and to hell with jacob! she keyed in the passcode and shoved the door open. mecah jumped from the mattress, not even attempting to hide his excitement over seeing her.“commander? i’ve not had a leisurely shower in a long time. a plate of warm food would make this close to utopia.”she noticed he’d plaited his blond hair into a single braid that fell below his shoulders. his strong, muscled body filled the military-issue pants and t-shirt, highlighting the raw strength of years of disciplined training. as a warrior she could appreciate his body, but as a woman she appreciated it more. she cleared her throat, trying to disentangle herself from the unwelcomed sensations fluttering in her stomach.“we’re afforded baths because there’s plenty of water down here.” she noticed he had shaved and was surprised by the compelling desire to trace his square jawline with her fingertips. instead, she tightened her hands into hard fists by her side.“plenty of water? then we have something to bargain with.”“what would that be?”“water in exchange for information.”she looked away from his intense stare and pushed the helmet down tighter on her head.“i thought something was wrong since you were gone so long. had i known you were showering—” he sighed appreciatively and sat down on the edge of the bed, resting his forearms on his legs. “what’s with the helmet?” he squinted. “oh, i see, ore lined. just so you know, it won’t stop our minds from reconnecting. once the initial contact’s made, it can’t be severed. now, i do like your black leathers, and a lace-up bustier vest always makes me hot.” his gaze swept over her.shalene felt as though she weren’t wearing any clothes.“do take off that helmet, love, so i can see your silky hair. frankly, had i known you were grooming for me—”“please don’t flatter yourself. i’ve been out on recon for days. and my delay was due to a very boring and typical debriefing. it certainly wasn’t in preparation for you. and you will address me as commander or commander courers but never as ‘love’. are we clear?”“do you really mean never?”“are you going to make this painful or painless, captain?”“is that an invitation, commander?” he flashed a devastating smile and she looked away, attempting to shield herself against his disarming magnetism, but his smile ripped a need through her that startled yet aroused.“interrogations can become very unpleasant, as i’m sure you know.” she closed the door behind her. the automatic lock jarred her pulse into an erratic throbbing. she glanced at the wall mounts where cameras had once been suspended. the general would not be playing voyeur. perhaps abber had removed them on his own. relief washed over her.“i only want to indulge in pleasure where you’re concerned, shalene.” he took a step closer.“i will remind you only once more to address me as commander or commander courers.” she squared her shoulders and took a step forward, all the while studying the way the corners of his lips turned up in a very sexy grin.a sudden urge to feel those lips pressed against hers overpowered all reason. she halted mid-stride, fighting against the impulse. had he inserted the very desire into her mind without her knowing it? she fought the quivering heat slipping down her spine to her pussy and willed the aching need to leave her body. instead, it burst white-hot in a passionate urgency to feel his mouth claim hers. was he right? was the ore-lined helmet useless?“you feel it, don’t you?” his voice invaded her protective barriers, storming through her defenses as though they were mere vapor.“what?” her voice shook in spite of her attempt to keep it unemotional.“kismet. i feel it too. do you have it in your culture?”“do you mean fate?”he nodded with eyes turning dark plum. his look seared her skin in a fiery path as it dropped to her lips then wandered to her breasts. she knew the bustier pressed their fullness high above the leather lacings. with each rapid breath, the soft leather stretched against her nipples, creating erotic sensations.“w-what are you saying about fate?” she leaned back, flattening her hands against the cold door for added support.“there’s a kismet between us, commander courers. shalene.” he stepped closer.the way he spoke her name sent excited goose bumps up her arms, followed by electrical jags of heat and desire racing to her pussy. her heartbeat thumped harder. he was moving closer and with each step, her pulse pounded harder.“i don’t know what you’re talking about.” whatever was going on, she clearly had no control over her own body. she stepped across the room in front of him, feeling his stare follow her, slipping down her back to her ass. she knew her body was in strong physical shape from training, yet had never felt such delight in a man’s appreciation. she braved a look in his direction and her gaze was immediately captured by his intense stare.“you can deny. you can try to resist, but kismet has its own agenda, as your people say. it won’t rest until it is appeased.”“a-and just how is it appeased?” she challenged.“the only way any hunger can be sated.” his laughter was deep and infectious.shalene swallowed back the lashing fire that threatened to consume her. was it his passion or hers coursing through her? how could she discern?“stop trying to understand it. there’s no understanding. there’s no avoiding it. when kismet declares itself to a man and woman, the only solution is submission to its power.”“you’re a talented mind controller.” she turned her back to him, focusing on anything else that might break the connection with him.“like i said, there’s no stopping it. we can play this game forever or you can take that helmet off and sit down with me so we can talk.”“you’re my prisoner, in case you forgot. i’ll decide when we sit.” she crossed her arms over her chest.“have it your way.” he sat down in one of the plastic chairs but continued to stare at her.scenes, unbidden, flashed in front of her. he stood over her as she lay naked beneath him, enjoying the way he looked down at her as she moved her hands over her body, spreading the lips of her pussy wide so he could see her better. his excitement charged her, sending a frenetic rhythm undulating to her hips.shalene squinted against the vision.“stop that!” she yelled.“i didn’t give you any vision you didn’t want. i merely summoned your deepest desires. they did the rest.” he paused. “care to share what you saw?”“i’ll ask the questions.”“the first being? what do i want?” he smiled.“exactly.”“aside from you? i want the same thing you do, commander. the demrons destroyed.”read a 2nd excerptread a 3rd excerptellora's cave



posted by sally painter at 11:29 am
0 comments






tuesday, march 02, 2010



	 
	 love me tomorrow, getting a second life
	 
    


 it's always fun when a novella in an anthology is given a second life. ec has dusted off two of my former contributions to anthologies and given them a second life as single titles.as a reader you may wonder why a publisher would do this. so did i, because i assumed anyone who wished to read my ttgbitn vi anthology contribution, dream lovers of gargoyle castle, had read it in the anthology released four years ago. my assumption was very wrong.this was my first experience with a re-release where a novella was given a new life as a single title. i was taken aback by readers' reception of dream lovers of gargoyle castle as a single title. (thanks again for those emails!) readers who didn't read the anthology read the single title.this just shows the diversity in reader tastes and how people view this kind of re-release. they know going in that this book was previously published in an anthology. many readers had obviously read the anthology, yet some also wanted to read the single title.other readers who had missed the anthology read the single title release. so it's a wonderful way to get a book into the hands of readers who might have overlooked it in an anthology. i'm grateful that ec had the foresight to do this and from the emails i received, so were the readers!another fun part of a novella being pulled out of an anthology is that it gets a new cover all its own. i was a romance reader long before i started writing romance and i've drooled over many covers in my time. a new cover though is fantastically fun, not just for the author, but for the readers who simply enjoy covers as much as i do!for this next re-release, love me tomorrow, the new cover is so incredible. i was thrilled when i received it. syneca, cover goddess of erotic romance, did more than create a great cover, she captured the essence of mecah, the hero in love me tomorrow.this story is featured in the anthology, fated mates, which was nominated for the 2005 rt reviewers' choice award. the anthology theme of scifi/futuristic was my first venture into a futuristic book and omg, i had so much fun writing it. i'm a huge scifi fan, in fact, my family groans because i'll watch the worst scifi movie if i have to just to get my fix. fortunately, there have been some amazing scifi tv series and movies over past few years.anyway, i hope you'll enjoy reading love me tomorrow, whether you read it in the anthology or are reading it for the first time. i don't have a release date as of yet, but will be letting my newsletter subscribers know as soon as i do. oh, before i forget, i have a new contest going on for a $25 amazon gift cert for newsletter subscribers, if you want a chance to win, you can join the newsletter and receive info upon joining. here's the blurb about love me tomorrow and an excerpt. i hope you enjoy it!earth 2360shalene courers leads freedom fighters against the demrons to retrieve a crystal that is the secret to earth's defense. when she captures the mysterious mecah—tall, blond and very sexy—desires flame and the interrogation soon melts under his scorching passion.mecah's possession of shalene is more than lust—she's the kismet mate he's sought all his life, only she doesn't believe him. shalene and mecah join forces to turn the tide of war, but without winning the heart and soul of his fated mate he stand to lose his greatest battle.excerpt: the enemy began to settle down for the night. she lay on the desert floor seeking the traitor’s heat signature and found him curled up against a large boulder a few feet from the reps, who slept close to the roaring fire. she trained all her power onto the human and searched his mind but was met by a barrier. she frowned.had he been schooled in the catacombs of scotland, too? only an intimate could block such a screening. she didn’t recall him. she probed deeper. he must be an intimate. there were only a dozen of them, she being one, yet how had he come to be a traitor? she pushed the thoughts from her mind and focused harder, probing deeper. not an intimate. she sensed a different energy. something new to her. so what was he? a rogue? a lone practitioner? she closed her eyes and concentrated on manifesting a visual of him.blond hair, tall, muscular, a handsome face with a lopsided devilish grin, a typical trooper. what else was there? lilac eyes! she gasped and opened her eyes.“what is it?” abber whispered.“he’s not human.”“what?” concern tightened abber’s voice.“he’s not human, abber. i don’t know what he is. but he’s not human.”“are you saying we have a new alien enemy, besides the demrons?” panic edged his voice, matching the nervous pitch in her stomach.“so it appears.”“oh shit. excuse me, commander, what i meant, was, well, damn, this is just great. we’ll be going in at a greater disadvantage. we know nothing about this new enemy,” he whispered, straining to contain his fear.“we’re going through with this, abber. we can do it. they appear to be asleep. signal for the troops to move up,” she ordered, steadying her laser on the sleeping reptiles. “and remember, the non-reptile is to be captured.”“aye, commander.” abber turned and signaled the troops with a laser flash. “i hope he’s not more formidable than the reps.”“he won’t be,” she assured the youth as they waited for the troops to join them. she lay on the ground, watching the fire flicker shadows over the blond man. it had been a long time since she’d enjoyed summer nights like this one sprawled out on a lounge chair in front of her outside living room. she’d always brought leftovers from her restaurant for late evening meals with her husband. he’d light the outside fireplace and they’d spend a romantic night underneath the stars, eating, sipping wine and planning their future.after the leisurely meal, they’d lie in the bed swing, make love then hold each other, sharing the day’s events, staring up at the stars, talking about the family they would have one day. shalene swallowed the burning in her throat and pushed back the tears. it had been just such a night when the first strike had hit. she closed her eyes against the bitter memory. fifteen years and it still felt like yesterday—sometimes.“all troops in place, commander. we’re good to go.”she dragged herself from the vivid memories and stared into the bleak present. it had been a different life and she’d been a different person.“guns set to kill,” she spoke into the mic with her voice tightening around the memory’s residue. “remember, the non-rep is to be captured,” she reminded and gave each trooper a glance. she was bestowed a nod of understanding. with her hand, she motioned for the troops to spread out and encircle the campsite. once assured everyone was in position, she signaled the attack.the sleeping reptiles were slow to react to the laser blasts, but mecah was on his feet and firing at the attackers, deliberately missing his marks. he watched bog take a blast in the chest and fall hard on his back. his long scaly tail writhed in the sand then was still.“hands up! drop your weapon. down on your knees.” the woman, dressed in tight leather pants and short bustier covered with a desert-camouflaged military vest, aimed a laser pistol at him.his gaze traveled from the bluish beam back to the woman. she unstrapped the helmet and jerked it off. long silky hair tumbled down her back in a long wavy flow, reminding him of a rush of dark water freed from a damn. tossing the scarred, dull helmet to the soldier standing behind her, she took determined strides across the camp toward him, all the while keeping the laser aimed on his chest.the moon emerged from the clouds and bathed her in silvery streams of light, highlighting her curly dark hair in shimmering flickers. her oval face was smudged with camouflage grease and her knee-length boots were scuffed and dusty. her upper arms, exposed by the vest, flexed as she steadied the weapon on him. sculpted, feminine muscled arms indicated a trained and disciplined body, and beneath, governed by an equally trained mind.overall, she gave the appearance of a capable soldier, yet one thing contradicted the illusion and intrigued him—her aura. unlike other human soldiers whose auras were usually a mixture of reds and oranges and in some cases blacks and grays, hers was a myriad of colors without the typical dominating hue, giving a rainbow effect of colorful shards that emanated from her.her oval face was set in a stern, almost angry expression, with large brown eyes reflecting a coldness that again contradicted her aura of a spiritually evolved being who knew the secrets of the universe.“what are you grinning at?” she sneered, stopping in front of him. “what’s your name?” she lowered the weapon so it was at her hip level and pointed at him. still kneeling, mecah looked up into her dark eyes. the air stirred electric and when she moved closer, her aura merged with his.encased in her essence, his probing was immediately shoved aside as her barrier walls rose to block him. he pressed harder and his appreciation quickened when he crashed through her shield and found the truth he saw reflecting deep in her soul. desire surged through his body, responding to her on the basest level while simultaneously connecting on the deepest of all spiritual levels that only kismet mates could attain. how could it be? how could this alien be his kismet? his breathing quickened. dare he believe? it was against all kyronian laws, but the sensation was undeniable. he’d waited for it his entire life and there she stood in front of him—his kismet mate.he slipped past her hatred and found recognition. the same recognition now reflecting in her liquid chocolate eyes. his heart was a staccato beat. she knew they were kindred spirits, too. what would she do now that she, too, knew? in spite of his attempt to control his thoughts, mecah couldn’t help wondering about her. how could it be that he had to travel millions of light-years from his home to find his kismet mate? the irony was too much and he released the welling emotions in a laugh.“you find this humorous?” she asked, reinforcing her persona, bolstering her energy against his probing. at that very moment she knew, just as he did—they were made for each other. designed by a greater purpose to come together at this fated moment.his thoughts unleashed to explore deeper, needing to know everything about her. intuitive females who evolved to her level not only knew the secrets of the universe but had a greater appreciation of the art of lovemaking. orgasms were achieved using their minds as well as their bodies. he’d heard all the legends of such highly evolved women and their abilities to reduce a man to little more than a sex slave. he watched the emotions struggling to escape her rigid control. oh yeah, he’d gladly be her sex slave. the response to his musings tightened in his crotch.“get up,” she barked.embarrassed by the telltale sign of his arousal, he stood from the blanket. immediately, her attention was drawn to his erection bulging beneath his tan pants. a slight smile lifted one corner of her mouth.“you have a strange reaction to being captured, ah…”“name’s mecah, captain mecah. and what can i say? i appreciate a beautiful woman,” he grinned.thanks for reading!labels: ellora's cave, love me tomorrow, sally painter, scifi futuristic



posted by sally painter at 11:52 am
0 comments






monday, january 04, 2010



	 
	 changes that new years bring
	 
    


happy new year!it's that time again, the beginning of a new year. it's a time when we shrug off the past and move blindly into the future. if you're like most people, you do this with a twinge of trepidation and a whole lot of hope for a better year.2009 was a starting over year for me and my family. we were caught in the last three months of 2008 bank failings since our livelihood was in that industry. i read an astrology article recently about how we change directions in our careers and lives every 10 years due to planetary shifts.this made me start thinking about my past careers and amazingly, this proved to be true. what about you? do you see a ten-year period of job changes, promotions, or even complete career changes? some changes are easy to make while others are very painful and difficult. i think the best thing we can do when change is forced upon us is to accept it. resisting just makes it more painful and tends to drag the process out longer than necessary.it's natural to want to hold on to what we've built, i certainly did, (g) but as i've discovered this past year, change is good when it's made with the right attitude. it's getting to that point of having a good attitude that requires all the work. (g)if you were caught in the wave of change in 2008 and 2009, i hope you've managed to come ashore and find a new path that's rewarding. my family has been greatly blessed ever since we rode that wave into shore. if you're still paddling, have faith and take heart, the sand will be beneath your feet once more.i wish you and your family a very happy, safe, healthy, and prosperous 2010! god bless!



posted by sally painter at 12:39 pm
0 comments






tuesday, december 01, 2009



	 
	 3 winners announced!
	 
    


happy holidays!i wish all of you and your families a happy, healthy and safe holiday season!congrats to the three winners of the thanksgiving contest! this contest was open only to newsletter subscribers. because this contest was so popular, the next contest will also have 3 winners and is open to newsletter subscribers. details will be in the next newsletter scheduled for december 18th, so join the yahoo newsletter list so you can enter! (just send an email to: sally_painter_paranormal_books-subscribe@yahoogroups.com that's all )the entrants for the thanksgiving newsletter contest had to respond to the following scenario:a demon has marked you for its own. you now have a red aura emitting around your body that lets other demons know you're taken, but you're not going quietly. you must hide from demons. what are the three things you must do or take with you to ensure you survive? be creative. prizes: 3 autographed books awarded: 1 book to 1 winner: reunited, book 1 of gargoyles seduced, midnight treat, featuring to kiss a gargoyle and ttgbitn vi, featuring dream lovers of gargoyle castle.here are the winners' responses (all of the answers were fun and creative, so i'm glad it was a random drawing because it would have been impossible to pick from such great creative responses.gayle o. won reunited: 1. i would drink a lot of blue hawaiians to change my aura to purple(red +blue = purple). they would then think i was royalty and notbother or harm me.2. i would have a shotgun with plenty of silver bullets to shot themin the head. hey, it works for zombies so it must be worth a try.3. i would take my set of encyclopedias and read from them incessantlycreating my own demon filibuster. hopefully the sound of my monotonevoice going on and on and on will bore them to death, put them tosleep or have them leave me alone as they don't want to hear my voicegoing on and on and on for hours on end. :)maggie j. won ttgbitn vi: 1. go to the beauty salon. must look my best when on the run.2. whip3. lots of chocolatecrystal b. won midnight treat: 1. a magic cloak to cover me and hide my aura2. a sword blessed by a priest3. a blackberry with all loyal contacts on speed dial to help me battle the demonsbig hugs and congrats to the winners and to everyone who entered!



posted by sally painter at 12:50 pm
0 comments











about me

name:  sally painter 
location:  the other side of midnight, united states 
ellora's cave romantica™ author.
view my complete profile

links

sally painter
 

readings
previous posts

another great surprise!
new book - embracing kismet
consolidating blogs
love me tomorrow
love me tomorrow, getting a second life
changes that new years bring
3 winners announced!
$25 amazon gift cert winner and next contest!
free book - danu, the return
life carries us in different directions

archives

august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
march 2006
august 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
september 2009
november 2009
december 2009
january 2010
march 2010
july 2010
october 2011
august 2013
september 2013

 










