


little river outfitters - fly fishing in the great smoky mountains














106 town square drive
			p.o. box 505
			townsend, tennessee 37882
			865-448-9459
			open 7 days
			sunday thru thursday 9 am - 5 pm
			friday and saturday 9 am - 6 pm 










  

home
about us
schools
events
fishing info

daily fishing report
license info and regulations
fly fishing information
smokies fishing tips
smallmouth bass
fly tying articles


choose a guide
online store

free css3 menu css3menu.com
































little river
townsend, tn
						stream conditions
						february 13, 2025
						6:00 am

gauge reading: 6.18 feet
						flow: 3770 cubic feet per sec.
						median flow for date: 293 cfs
						water temp: 50.9 degrees f
						read the complete daily

fly fishing report here.








quick fly fishing report
									february 13, 2025




water levels across the smokies are at an unfishably high level,  water temperatures are still warm which is good for the progression of spring hatches.  
									local guide tic smith is our featured fly tyer this week on saturday.  he will be tying cdc patterns to use on the various tailwaters.  stop by anytime from 10-2 on saturday.




read our daily fishing report.
















please sign up to receive our newsletters. learn about the latest fly fishing gear and fishing conditions in the great smoky mountains. we do not share your e-mail address with anyone.
































































booglebug poppers
28 to choose from
						 









			 

			








			 
			




little river outfitters is a fly shop, fly fishing school, mail order company and a reliable source of information about fly fishing in east tennessee, western north carolina and the great smoky mountains.
little river outfitters has been serving fly fishing anglers since 1994.  we are the "home fly shop" to thousands of fishermen who live in our region or visit townsend, tennessee and the great smoky mountains.  additionally, our mail order service caters to anglers all over america.
nestled in the foothills of great smoky mountains national park in townsend, tennessee, little river outfitters is a family owned fly shop and school that has become well known in the fly fishing world.
			   
townsend, tennessee and the great smoky mountains
townsend is a small resort town, known as the peaceful side of the smokies.  townsend is one of the four main entrances to great smoky mountains national park and cades cove.  we have a few motels, campgrounds, lodges, bed and breakfasts and rental cabins. 
here, we are blessed with several thousand miles of rivers and streams and hundreds of thousands of acres of public land set aside as national forests and a national park. this region is a fly fishing paradise. there are over 800 miles of fishable trout streams in great smoky mountains national park alone.
great smoky mountains national park, 500,000 acres in total, lies in both tennessee and north carolina. here you will find mountain streams with populations of rainbow trout, brook trout and brown trout. just outside the park in the rivers exiting the smokies you will also experience excellent smallmouth bass fishing.
there is no stocking of trout in the park and you will find only wild rainbow, brown and brook trout throughout the watersheds within.
additionally, the tennessee river watershed provides lakes, tailwaters, freestone mountain streams and lowland rivers with some of the finest fly fishing for brook trout, brown trout, rainbow trout, smallmouth bass, largemouth bass, stripers and panfish found anywhere. 
it is our job and passion to help you in any way to enjoy this huge resource that is available to the fly fisherman. there are many fly fishing opportunities to choose from.  townsend, tennessee is the perfect base camp for your fly fishing vacation.  and we are here for you.
our fly tying department
we have one of the largest fly tying departments you have seen.  in fact, it takes up 900 square feet. it is located on the mezzanine upstairs, offering you a casual, browsing environment, just for those interested in this fantastic hobby.  several of us working at the shop tie flies, so we can help you by answering questions and making purchasing decisions.
our fly tying merchandise is available on our online store. if we do not have exactly what you are hoping to find, we can probably order it for you.
brands we sell
we only sell fly fishing tackle from many of the finest brands available in all price ranges. we stock and sell merchandise from manufacturers such as: orvis, chota, simms, sage, scott, ross, waterworks/lamson, temple fork, fishpond, rio, scientific anglers and other companies.  we sell gift cards over the phone, online or at the shop.  they can be redeemed the same way. 
more about our store
little river outfitters is owned by paula & byron begley and daniel drake. the store is stocked with almost everything a fly fisherman or fly tyer could want. we are open 7 days a week, except four national holidays.  we are a small family owned business.











copyright 2021 little river outfitters, inc.





















