











upholstery supplies | upholstery courses | j a milton






























































































 
















skip to content


save up to 15% on fabric, leather, vinyl, staple guns, tools, compressors and many more with our current special offers 



 call us on 01691 624023 

trustpilot

 sales@jamiltonupholstery.co.uk

 









search for:











 log in
 my wishlist
 basket 






home
online shop

shop by category

column

braid & gimp
calico, linings & cloth
cane
fancy (upholstery) nails
foam and polyester wrap
furniture legs & feet
hair and fibre fillings
hessian & scrim


column

pins & needles
springs
staple guns
threads, twines & cords
tools
upholstery felts & green baize
vinyl & faux leather
webbings
view all products




shop by popular

column

books & dvds




shop by a – z


jam loyalty
special offers
sample service
hints & tips
blog
about
customer feedback
contact
 









 call us on 01691 624023 

trustpilot

 sales@jamiltonupholstery.co.uk

 




search for:


 



30 years ofquality upholstery suppliesshop nowspecialists in upholstery
not only do we sell quality upholstery tools and materials; we can also show you how to succeed with your upholstery or soft furnishing project. our carefully selected product range is tried and tested and gives you a good starting point, whether you are a diy enthusiast or a specialist upholsterer.
we stock thousands of quality upholstery tools & materials that are designed to help you succeed with your upholstery or soft furnishing project.
browse our huge product range online. our expert team are always on hand and happy to help, whether you’re stocking up on old favourites or looking for something new.
our mission statement is to establish the jam brand as a profitable, sustainable, efficient, renowned name in the uk and internationally, with a reputation for excellent friendly and efficient customer service. the company philosophy is to treat customers, suppliers, employees and service providers with respect and integrity they all deserve 1000s of productsbrowse our large catalogue
fast deliveryreceive your order quickly
expert advicefrom our helpful team members
shop 1000s of products
browse a range of products, including fabrics & trimmings, where you can get up to 5 free samples 
shop nowour testimonials
what our customers say
 i ordered some webbing and springs before xmas, not expecting delivery for a week or two. i received them the next day. good quality and excellent service. thank you.heather hodson
read more
our testimonials
what our customers say
 exactly what i expected-really pleased. very efficient service.john hinton
read more
we belong to the association of master upholsterers & soft furnishers
j a milton on trustpilot




trustpilot




servicing your upholstery needs for over 30 years

loyalty
we’re committed to rewarding our loyal customers with exclusive offers and discounts – the more you spend, the more you save!
read more

learn handy tips
we’ve put together some of our best upholstery tips and tricks including ‘how to’ videos and handy photo guides to help you with your project.
watch videosup to 30% off in our summer sale
explore this season’s latest deals and offers, with reduced prices on some of your favourite items

shop offers now



newsletter signup
join our monthly jam club newsletter for special offers and handy tips for your next upholstery project.



leave this field empty if you're human:  






customer service

orders & delivery
faqs
contact us
terms & conditions
affiliates
privacy policy
cookie policy


my account

sign in
view basket
my wishlist


contact us

 

 ellesmere business park
ellesmere,
shropshire,
sy12 oew,
england

 




 







 








 company name: j a milton upholstery services ltd. ellesmere business park, ellesmere, shropshire, sy12 oew, uk. company registration number: 6297183. vat number: 736 4275 22. prices include vat but exclude delivery costs. contact number: 01691 624023. contact email: sales@jamiltonupholstery.co.uk © 2020. j a milton

 



 pay securely

 












0







0

your cart






your cart is emptyreturn to shop










 



























