

heavy metal magazine fan page











january 25, 2025 - news - retail release april 30
previews updated their upcoming comics to include heavy metal, set to release april 30th.
i was curious what the #1 issue looks like with all 24 variant covers, so i added
the 2025 page early.

december 6, 2024 - news - store
the heavymetal.com store is back online.

november 25, 2024 - news - heavy metal kickstarter is live
heavy metal kickstarter is live. it has well surpassed its goal already.

november 13, 2024 - news - metal hurlant kickstarter is live
metal hurlant kickstarter is live. it has well surpassed its goal already.

november 11, 2024 - news - heavymetal.com
heavymetal.com is back online with a new look. still no store yet though.

october 30, 2024 - news - metal hurlant returning in english
thewrap has a good summery of what's new. the french métal hurlant stopped in 1987. it was
reactivated in 2002 in french, english, and other languages, but stopped again
after only 14 issues. it was reactivated again in 2021 in french, and will be returning in english in
the spring of 2025 as a 272+ page quarterly, after it's kickstarter campaign.

october 25, 2024 - news - what's happening with heavy metal
bleeding cool has a good summery of what's new. the ceo is still marshall lees. cmo is chris carmichael,
editor-in-chief is frank forte, executive editor is dave kelly, and
editorial manager is chris thompson. most announcements can be found on heavy metal's
discord or facebook. the newly relaunched magazine will be out sometime in 2025, and contain nearly
200 pages. it'll start quarterly, and they're hoping to increase from there. they're
resetting the numbering to start over as issue #1. a kickstarter will begin sometime in november (check out the new cover on that page). heavy metal
is still working through past orders. because of the high volume, email replies may take many weeks or months.

august 20, 2024 - news - heavy metal breaks silence and is fixing orders
heavy metal is under new ownership, new management, and is in the process of relaunching.
their website is under construction, and they've finally taken their store offline. they encourage people who have had issues with their past orders, to email
them at their new email hello@heavymetal.com. the email does work, although a reply could take a couple weeks or more. they've
also broken their silence on facebook, and have a new discord, which they say their upcoming announcements will be posted there first.

may 24, 2024 - 2022 sdcc issues added to magazine list
with my recent update to the magazine list, it looks like i missed 2 variants. in
2022, issues #314 and #316 had san diego comic con exclusive versions with a metal cover.

may 21, 2024 - do not order from heavymetal.com
since around 2021, there have been increasing reports about people not receiving
their items purchased online, and subscriptions not being fulfilled. it seems at that time there were 2 warehouses.
since 2017, bandwear in texas is one of the fulfilment services. they have
most of the pre-2020 issues. there's another company in new jersey that had
most of the 2020+ issues. against my own warnings, i decided to test this, and
place a few orders. i feel like the set up is the same today. i ordered a couple
issues from the 1980's and 1990's. bandwear fulfilled these. they seem to be
active, communicating, and sending purchases. i haven't ordered anything from heavy
metal in a long time because their packaging was always really bad. there
are still reports from people that actually do get something from the new jersey
company that the packaging is still really bad. but surprisingly, bandwear packaged
their issues well. however, even with decent packaging, these old issues
were still in horrible shape; it's like they were rescued from a flood. i requested
new issues sent out, and they did, but the replacement copies were still
in the same condition. i ordered a handful more issues from 2013 to 2019. all but
1 issue arrived in perfect condition. the one that didn't, i requested a replacement,
and that copy had the same problems. i also ordered #298 from 2020. it
arrived in perfect condition. unfortunately it was the wrong version. when i
let them know, i was refunded and the site was updated to "out of stock". i also
ordered a few issues from #299 and up. none of those were shipped and i lost
my money. i guess the new jersey company was supposed to handle these. bandwear
couldn't help me with that issue; they don't have information about the other
company. any email sent to anything @heavymetal.com received no reply. i know somehow
heavy metal uses shopify, but contacting them, i only got the automatic
reply, "we have already created an issue related to your order", with no follow
up. so, again, i do not recommend ordering from heavy metal. your mileage may
vary. condition is not guaranteed. and if the order is fulfilled by the new jersey
company, then expect your money to be gone, and have nothing to show for it.

february 29, 2024 - moebius issue added to magazine list
i've had a change of mind. i previously didn't consider the 1981 issue heavy metal
presents moebius as a real special edition. but after learning about the upc
numbers, and seeing that it's the first issue to use the code for all future special
editions, i've decided to add it to the magazine list. i have more details in my faq. i didn't update the covers pages; that's a lot of work for my very out of date web design software. i've also
updated the checklist, combining the regular and special editions, as accurate as i could figure out in
order of the date they were released, and including all the new issues. because
of all the variant covers, the later half of the checklist is a bit messy, but
it's the best way i could figure it out in a condensed form.

february 20, 2024 - news - is heavy metal dead?
maybe not. but it’s been very ill, and for almost a year there have been little to
no signs of life. this is old news from last year, but i felt i had to report
on it. heavy metal haven't released any new magazines since april 2023. i do not recommend buying anything from heavymetal.com right now; the store is still taking orders and money, but there are many reports of people
not receiving anything. i’ve updated the history page to include what has gone on for the past 12 years. thanks mainly to variety, bleeding cool, rm rhodes’ page a day, and fred’s hm fan blog, where i pieced together a lot of the information from. i’ve also updated the magazine list with very basic information (no index) for 2012-2023.

november 12, 2011 - 10 years
i started this heavy metal magazine fan page on november 12, 2001.  now, 10
years later, i've decided to semi-retire the news portion of my site.  i will
also be removing any future unreleased projects, such as movies and games. 
i will also stop posting new issues of the magazine.  the majority of
the rest of my site will remain the same, focusing more on the history of heavy
metal, rather then the future of the franchise.  the reason for this change
is that i'm looking to free up some of my own free time.  i love doing
this site.  it's a hobby i enjoy.  but keeping this site updated does
take up a lot of time.  however, my site won't be completely abandoned. 
by freeing up my updating time, it will give me more time to tidy up or
expand the rest of my site.  i may also add new things from time to time after
they're released, such as new movies, or magazines.  in the world of
heavy metal, there are many things to look forward to, such as movies.  of
course the new heavy metal movie with robert rodriguez, that has been quiet since the announcement in july. 
metal hurlant chronicles is also quickly coming up (check out the newest trailer).  it still needs to find a home in north america though.  europe will
start seeing it april 2012.  i'm not sure what's happened to the barbarella
remake.  it's been quiet for over a year, and was in slow development even
before then.  although captain sternn looks promising, as it's currently developing a 3 minute trailer to promote to studios. 
fistful of blood has also been quiet for the last year.  although there's a new movie recently
announced, called sundown seven.  could this be the same project, just updated?  it will also have a graphic
novel published by heavy metal at some point.  and of course there's
war of the worlds: goliath.  this is the one project i will keep posting news on, until it's released,
which should be mid-2012.

the adult illustrated fantasy magazine fan page
site updates
the information on this site is up to date, as of:
december, 2011
for more information about heavy metal magazine, go to heavymetal.com
all pictures on this site are for information, and non-profit use, and most
are used without permission. all opinions are my own, unless otherwise noted.
if
you have any questions or concerns about this site, you may email me - lostboy.










