




rolfing® associates of the triad | structural integration







































rolfing(r) associates of the triad
appointments
what is rolfing® structural integration?

a brief history of rolfing®
the basic rolfing® 10 series

basic 10 series breakdown


benefits

reverse aging
rolfing® & your business




pain relief
meet the staff

kathy’s training
mandy’s training
mandy’s bio


contact us
faq

sitting article
art of well being article


new client forms
policies

office policy
cancellation policy
snow policy


 




rolfing(r) associates of the triad

book an appointment



“aging is nothing but a symptom of your losing fight with gravity.”
dr. ida p. rolf
if you live in a body and use it, life will deliver a few dents and dings now and then. that’s why we’re here to help maintain your body with rolfing ® structural integration. your body is a complex system adapted to earth’s downward pull. but when muscles, bones, and ligaments are displaced by injury or stress, gravity is your worst enemy. pain, fatigue, and even mood disorders can result.
having a body that can run or dance or work and play hard (or whatever you ask of it), is something most people want. in the aging process, gravity is compacting our structures and shortening our bodies. it doesn’t look or feel good when there’s no room for our bones and discs to peacefully exist in the soft connective tissue matrix of fascia and muscles. having a body that is graceful, fluid and pain-free is the goal of rolfing® structural integration.
with rolfing® structural integration, your body is ready for all the challenges of life. and gravity is your best friend!
© rolfingassociates.com 2002



please welcome patrick clough!

meeting dr. rolf in 1971, the year he was finishing his ma in mathematics, he was inspired to begin studying with her in 1972. completing his practitioner’s certification with dr. rolf in 1973, he started a practice in aspen. during the next four years, patrick was an assistant teacher with dr. rolf and completed her advanced ii training. then he relocated to new york city where he practiced in manhattan for over forty years. eventually time and the coronavirus pandemic convinced him that the time to retire had arrived.the climate, the blue ridge mountains and family in north carolina led him to winston-salem. during the laborious process of moving, he strained his back and immediately sought the relief of a rolfing(r) session. auspiciously, he found us at rolfing(r) associates of the triad and we found him to be fun, talented and agreeable. he enthusiastically has joined us and changed his status from retired to semi-retired! if you want the real deal, trained directly by dr ida p. rolf, book a session with patrick!











(lynn hey photo)
kathy rooney is semi-retired and will only accept appointments with established clients. read mandy’s bio.











			info@rolfingassociates.com
(336) 852-7315			 zeenoble theme






 