






atomic insights






























































 















skip to content


















the atomic show
about
archives
search
 



























toggle menu


























 



chris wright on nuclear power, nov 6, 2020 
byrod adams1 comment 


yesterday, chris wright was confirmed as the next u.s. secretary of energy. after that important step in his energy career, it’s worth taking a few moments to learn what he thinks about nuclear power outside of any political context. in my experience, people like wright form and hold opinions that do not shift much over…


 




atomic insights latest posts





 





atomic history · atomic politics · the atomic show podcast 

atomic show #325 – marco visscher – the power of nuclear 



after many years as an independent journalist with an antinuclear bent, marco visscher began questioning his long-held beliefs. he realized that the accepted alternatives to fossil fuel were not actually reducing fossil fuel…


 




 





clean energy · climate change · the atomic show podcast 

atomic show #324 – jay hakes, author of presidents and the planet 



jay hakes, an accomplished author and historian, visited the atomic show to talk about his recently published book, presidents and the planet: climate change science and politics from eisenhower to bush. sometimes referred…


 




 





business of atomic energy · economics · new nuclear · nuclear cost data · the atomic show podcast 

atomic show #323 – julie kozeracki, director of strategy, doe loan programs office 



julie kozeracki was the lead author for a u.s. department of energy strategy document titled pathways to commercial liftoff: advanced nuclear published in september 2024. the document was the result of a multi-agency,…


 




 





advanced atomic technologies · heat pipe reactors · micro reactors · nuclear batteries · the atomic show podcast 

atomic show #322 – westinghouse’s evinci micro reactor 



westinghouse’s evinci is a 15 mwth, 5 mwe micro reactor. westinghouse often refers to it as a nuclear battery. unlike conventional nuclear power plants, evinci uses no water and doesn’t produce steam. the…


 




atomic insights archive >>




the atomic show podcast
the atomic show podcast includes interviews, roundtable discussions and atomic geeks all centered around the idea that nuclear energy is an amazing boon for human society.




 





atomic history · atomic politics · the atomic show podcast 

atomic show #325 – marco visscher – the power of nuclear 



after many years as an independent journalist with an antinuclear bent, marco visscher began questioning his long-held beliefs. he realized that the accepted alternatives to fossil fuel were not actually reducing fossil fuel…


 




 





clean energy · climate change · the atomic show podcast 

atomic show #324 – jay hakes, author of presidents and the planet 



jay hakes, an accomplished author and historian, visited the atomic show to talk about his recently published book, presidents and the planet: climate change science and politics from eisenhower to bush. sometimes referred…


 




 





business of atomic energy · economics · new nuclear · nuclear cost data · the atomic show podcast 

atomic show #323 – julie kozeracki, director of strategy, doe loan programs office 



julie kozeracki was the lead author for a u.s. department of energy strategy document titled pathways to commercial liftoff: advanced nuclear published in september 2024. the document was the result of a multi-agency,…


 






small module reactors
smr developments, politics, investments





root cause of naval reactors policy of strict secrecy about nuclear propulsion plant design 



as a navy nuke, i was carefully taught to believe that everything we learned about atomic energy had to be strictly protected from release to anyone who was not “cleared”, especially anyone who…


 




valuable tool for antarctic research or costly waste? 



before the discovery of nuclear fission, the only power source capable of supplying reliable electrical energy in remote locations was a combustion engine. because of its compact nature compared to a coal fired…


 




 



atomic show #287 – darren gale, vp commercial operations, x-energy talks about xe-100 



x-energy is the lead recipient for one of two industry groups selected to receive $80 m in department of energy (doe) funding as part of a public-private partnership program to demonstrate advanced nuclear…


 




ap 1000 saga
why one of the most advanced new reactors has been challenged.






advanced atomic technologies · ap1000 saga · pressurized water · water cooled reactors 

effective long form advertisement describing westinghouse ap1000 



westinghouse seems intent on taking advantage of the growing capabilities of the internet to distribute effective messages about the value of its products. it may be difficult to explain the benefits of a…


 




 





ap1000 saga · atomic history · new nuclear · nrc · nuclear regulations 

nrc’s imposition of aircraft impact rule played a major role in vogtle project delays and vc summer failure 



projects that last as long as building nuclear reactors in the u.s. are analogous to extreme endurance competitions in which overall progress is the sum of all stages of the race. there is…


 






ap1000 saga · new nuclear 

ga power and westinghouse extend temp vogtle nuclear plant construction agreement through may 12 



late friday evening, georgia power issued a terse press release. thousands of people who have been tensely anticipating a crucial decision regarding the fate of the plant vogtle expansion project cannot stop worrying…


 





the smoking gun series
stories of fossil fuel interests fighting nuclear





smoking gun part 16 – leader of british national union of miners demands ccs and nuclear shutdown 



i have always tried to be clear when i talk about how fossil fuel interests have been responsible for much of the success of the organized anti-nuclear movement. many people in various discussion…


 




stanford’s university’s new natural gas initiative 



it is virtually impossible to get an educational institution to understand something when its revenue depends on its audience not understanding it. – rod adams, stanford’s new natural gas initiative, atomic insights, may…


 




smoking gun – former royal dutch shell exec proclaims end to nuclear power 



on april 28, 2011, roland kupers, a former royal dutch shell executive and current visiting fellow at oxford university, published an opinion piece titled the end of nuclear power that exposed his dislike…


 




investing in nuclear
nuclear investments – enabling the transition to a low-carbon economy




 



parnassus versus green century: a contrast in styles

cross-posted from nucleation capital june, july and august of 2023 were the three hottest months the earth has ever seen by such a large margin, it left climate scientists agog. climate disasters are abounding apace, with the u.s. hit by 23 large-scale disasters, a record-breaking year already. in pakistan, extreme rainfall and flooding affected 33…


 




 



how hot is cold fusion?

the 24th international conference on cold fusion (iccf24) was held at the lovely and spacious computer history museum in mountain view, ca over four days in late july. as a venture investor looking at evaluating and investing in a wide range of advanced nuclear ventures, i was invited to participate and/or sponsor the event. while…


 







rod adams
managing partner, nucleation capital, a venture fund enabling broader investor access to a diverse portfolio of advanced nuclear energy and deep decarbonization ventures. nuclear energy expert and former submarine engineer officer with nuclear propulsion plant experience. founder, adams atomic engines, inc. host and producer, the atomic show podcast.









 












follow atomic insightstwitter
twitterlinkedin
linkedinapple podcasts
apple podcastyoutube
youtubefacebook
facebookrss
rss 















© 2025 atomic insights
 




privacy policy - 
terms and conditions
 












search atomic insights



 





scroll to top
scroll to top
 












the atomic show
about
archives
search
 















