
































hearing aids  you can rely on. since 1955. | rexton





















 






previous










next











it’s the little things that count





that’s why even our receivers
are tested for durability
learn more














every voice matters





reach makes sure
every voice is heard
rexton reach hearing aids














new energy for every situation





rexton recharge hearing aids














tested by real users in real-life situations





96% preferred bicore rugged to their own hearing aids
learn more














stuff happens rugged can handle it





bicore b-li rugged is our toughest hearing aid yet
bicore b-li rugged
















rexton has meant reliability since 1955
you’re busy. you need a hearing aid that can keep up with you. rexton hearing aids are built to be worn at work, at play, and everywhere in between. they’re durable, practical, and tested to the highest standards. 















rexton hearing aids work as hard as you do
rexton hearing aids are made to deliver top-notch hearing care reliably, no matter what life throws at you.
discover rexton hearing aids
















do you think you have hearing loss?
check your hearing in less than 5 minutes
free online hearing test
















which hearing aid is best for you?
rexton’s offers hearing aids for every preference, from behind the ear to in the ear as well as custom, completely-in-canal hearing aids. 
no matter the style, all our hearing aids are powered by proven technology that you can count on, day in and day out. 
hearing aid types




















it’s the little things that count
enjoy music and calls anywhere. 
your hearing aids connect seamlessly with smartphones.
learn more
















adjust rexton hearing aids anytime
with the rexton app and ai-powered support, your hearing aids are more than just a microphone and a speaker—they’re a complete solution for your hearing needs. you can easily make adjustments on the go or submit a request to your hearing care provider to make changes without having to wait for an appointment. anytime, anywhere.
discover the rexton app


















what hearing care professionals say about rexton
"rexton’s portfolio of hearing aids is great for our users. they continually surprise us every year with new features and improvements and i always feel like i have 100% support from the rexton team”
bárbara girardi, speech therapist

“i have worked with rexton products for more than a year now and the hearing aids are very versatile. my patients are very impressed with the sound quality of their rexton hearing aids!”
audiologist
rexton for professionals













rely on rexton hearing aids to be lifeproof
















drop, push, rain, vibration and uv exposure are part of daily life. rexton hearing aids are built using robust components and tested extensively to ensure they can withstand whatever life throws at them. they are durable enough to withstand everyday challenges and harsh environments.get to know more about lifeproof and why you can rely on rexton.
learn more












































about us

lifeproof

contact

rexton distributors








corporate information

terms and conditions

disclaimer








privacy notice

cookie policy
 
cookie preferences






























    © 2025, ws audiology a/s















go to the top














                        close
                    




                welcome to rexton
            

                based on your location, we suggest that you select one of the websites below:
            



global






                            danmark
                        



                            deutschland
                        



                            canada
                        



                            great britain
                        



                            united states
                        



                            south africa
                        



                            america latina
                        



                            méxico
                        



                            france
                        



                            italia
                        



                            japan
                        



                            대한민국
                        



                            netherlands
                        



                            brasil
                        



                            portugal
                        



                            türkiye
                        



                  rexton worldwide
              







