







assassination archives - and research center













































assassination archivesand research centerfounder’s page
about the aarc
new aarc lecture series – 2024/2025
aarc 2014 conference videos
analysis and opinion
cold war context
current foia litigation
dan hardway blog: sapere aude
destroyed files
documents and dossiers
fbi cuba 109 files
fbi elsur
gallery
joe backes: arrb document release summaries, july 1995-april 1996
the malcolm blunt archives
missing records
news and views
publication spotlight
public library
select cia pseudonyms
select fbi cryptonyms
cia records search tool (crest)
aarc catalog
aarc board of directors
aarc membership
in memoriam
jfk commemoration lecture series – 2024

copyright aarc 


 






chairman comer taps luna to lead task force on declassification and transparencywashington—house committee on oversight and government reform chairman james comer (r-ky.) announced the establishment of a task force titled the “task force on the declassification of federal secrets.” the task force’s mission is to examine the declassification of materials in the public interest and will be led by rep. anna paulina luna (r-fla.). this announcement […]
scoop: fbi finds secret jfk assassination records after trump ordercourtesy of joe backes marc caputo for axios illustration: brendan lynch/axios the fbi just discovered about 2,400 records tied to president kennedy’s assassination that were never provided to a board tasked with reviewing and disclosing the documents, axios has learned. the still-secret records are contained in 14,000 pages of documents the fbi found in a review triggered […]
dr. josiah thompson: what’s in the jfk files trump wants to declassify? | reality checkpublished 5 february, 2025|president trump is vowing to declassify the remaining files on john f. kennedy’s assassination more than six decades after his death. what might they show? ross coulthart sits down with “last second in dallas” author josiah thompson to dive deep into his theory on the assassination and break down the evidence, including […]
for immediate release: aarc request for eo 14176 action – jfk assassinationdear director of national intelligence-       the following is the best information we have developed on the jfk assassination.  we would like the president to have this information, and we make a suggestion for follow-up.  thank you.      cia refused to search its operational files for records on werner von alvensleben, who served as a […]

  
book corner: board selections
the aarc is proud to announce the creation of a new resource for those who are new to the study of america's political assassinations.

we begin a series of new posts by aarc board members and associates designed to provide a basic introduction to essential books and learning materials associated with the continuing investigation of president kennedy's assassination. 
 learn more here




latest post
chairman comer taps luna to lead task force on declassification and transparencywashington—house committee on oversight and government reform chairman james comer (r-ky.) announced the establishment of a task force titled the “task force on the declassification of federal secrets.” the task force’s mission is to … [read more...]
 an important announcement: 

the mary ferrell foundation announces the launch of an invaluable new research tool: the jfk database explorer. this is a new tool to aid researchers delving into the large body of jfk assassination-related documents known as the "jfk collection", a substantial portion of which is viewable on this website.
the jfk database explorer, utilizing a copy of the national archives' database of metadata known as "rif sheets", allows for browsing, searching, and filtering of the entire set of records processed under the jfk records act. 
 jfk database explorer






 


the jfk assassination archive disk and other aarc electronic document   products are developed by history matters.  visit our website: www.history-matters.com for more information and to order



the assassination archives and research center is   the largest private archives in the world which is dedicated to acquiring, preserving,   and disseminating information on political assassinations.






facebooktwitter
newsletter signup


 









your name (required)



your email (required)






δ




 

menu
contact us
warren commission
garrison investigation
house select committee on assassinations (hsca)
assassination records review board (arrb)
federal bureau of investigation (fbi)
central intelligence agency (cia)
lbj library
other agencies and commissions
church committee reports


recent posts


chairman comer taps luna to lead task force on declassification and transparency


scoop: fbi finds secret jfk assassination records after trump order


dr. josiah thompson: what’s in the jfk files trump wants to declassify? | reality check


for immediate release: aarc request for eo 14176 action – jfk assassination


jfk records: three congressmen offered a ten-point program we should support.  here it is:



 copyright 2014 aarc

privacy policy
privacy tools














