













oklahoma panhandle state university




































campus alerts

1
            of
             1





                    virtual day
                

                    opsu will have a virtual day on february 19, 2025. the campus will be closed, but classes may meet virtually. check aggie scholars for details. all opsu offices will be available online. please check the aggie alert app, opsu.edu, and social media for updates.
                













						oklahoma panhandle state university
					











								admissions & aid
							









												office of recruitment
											





																recruitment
															





																visits & tours
															








												admissions and academic records
											





																office of the registrar
															





																advising and enrollment
															





																graduation & commencement
															





																transcript requests
															





																ferpa
															








												paying for college
											





																tuition & fees
															





																scholarships
															





																financial aid
															





																bursar
															





																net price calculator
															





																applying to opsu
															












								academics
							









												colleges
											





																agriculture, science & nursing
															





																arts & education
															





																business & technology
															








												general information
											





																general catalog
															





																academic calendar
															





																new aggie orientation
															





																honors & awards
															





																student outcomes
															








												student services
											





																academic resource center
															





																marvin e. mckee library
															





																hispanic student center
															





																aggie writing center
															





																online learning readiness
															





																online bookstore
															












								aggie life
							









												life on campus
											





																university student housing
															





																dining on campus
															





																safety & security
															








												student engagement
											





																campus organizations
															








												what’s happening
											





																events
															





																news
															





																panhandle magazine
															





																aggie fan store
															












								about opsu
							









												get to know us
											





																about the university
															





																strategic plan
															





																leadership
															





																safety & security
															





																communications
															








												our campus
											





																visits & tours
															





																campus map
															





																offices & facilities
															





																directory
															





																careers
															








												what we stand for
											





																policies & procedures
															





																accessibility
															





																accreditation
															





																consumer information
															












								athletics
							















								apply
							



								visit
							



								request information
							









							site search
						












					close
				



							site search
						








								office of recruitment
							



								admissions and academic records
							



								parents & families
							



								faculty & staff
							



								community
							



								alumni & friends
							







								myopsu portal
							



								apply to opsu
							



								news
							



								careers
							



								request information
							



								athletics
							



								aggie access
							



								directory
							




























we are panhandle
rooted in “progress through knowledge,” opsu is committed to promoting excellence in the preparation of students for success in a global community.
explore academics






college of
agriculture, science & nursing







college of
arts & education







college of
business & technology











17:1

our student-to-faculty ratio gives students the support they need


1st

opsu is the first and only public hispanic serving institution in oklahoma


#1

opsu is ranked #1 in oklahoma for social mobility by  thirdway.org


$15m

scholarships awarded annually








                the aggie experience
            

























💘 happy valentine’s day, aggies! 💘share your aggie love story in the comments! we’d love to hear how panhandle state played a part in your happily ever after!





        31    

        0    




                open            





















hey aggies, dan is here to remind you… valentine’s day is tomorrow! 😳💌don’t be that person who “forgets” (dan sees all 👀). whether you’re celebrating with a valentine, a galentine, or just some quality “me time,” make sure you’re ready!drop a 💖 if you already have plans or a 😅 if dan just saved you from disaster!





        80    

        1    




                open            






















we’re taking you courtside into a day in the life of jana, an opsu student athlete and ra!💙🏀❤️#wearepanhandle #panhandleproud





        199    

        0    




                open            
 





















a week in the panhandle ❤️💙#wearepanhandle #panhandleproud





        71    

        0    




                open            
 























an evening of community, tradition, and support for our champions in the arena. the top hand auction helps keep the winning tradition alive at opsu—thank you to everyone who makes this event so special every year!❤💙 #wearepanhandle #panhandleproud #awinningtradition





        105    

        1    




                open            





















 follow on instagram










what makes us panhandle proud






a welcoming & supportive community. 
we surround our students with faculty and staff who care just as much about the student’s success as they do.





our commitment to life-long learning.
through empowerment, innovation, access, and student-centered support, panhandle state shapes lifelong learners and improves student outcomes.





accessibility to quality higher education. 
opsu is accredited by the higher learning commission, a regional accreditation agency recognized by the u.s. department of education.





first hispanic-serving institution in oklahoma
we recognize our call to serve, celebrate, and support the advancement of the diverse students who identify as latino/a, chicano/a, mexican-american, and hispanic.








plan a visit


apply to opsu


request information







			exploring campus
		

			take a walk around our campus, in person or virtually, and discover the countless paths and opportunities that opsu has to offer.
		

			visits & tours
		








							mckee library
						

							the library was named after marvin e. mckee, a former president of the university. the resources available to students here include: computer access, printing, scanning, reading material, audio/visual material, and music.
						








							the sower
						

							designed and gifted to panhandle agricultural institute by frank ingels in 1915, the sower has stood for 104 years as a campus icon for generations of students, alumni, faculty, staff, and community members. designed to honor those who first made the panhandle their home, the sower serves as a reminder of the pioneering spirit that built panhandle state.
						








							clock tower
						

							the campus clock tower was built in 1990 and is known as the imeta o’neal dent memorial bell tower. situated in a circular concrete and brick flower bed surrounded by a walkway and evergreen trees, the tower stands on the opsu central plaza and serves as the focal point for the annual homecoming and commencement bbq’s.
						








							noble activity center
						

							the noble activity center houses basketball and volleyball courts, an indoor walking/running track, a full size heated saltwater pool, racquetball courts, and fitness equipment. there are also many wellness events and intramurals hosted here.
						








							student union
						

							the student union is the central hub of our campus. originally built in 1963, it currently houses the student health clinic, student affairs, housing, aggie fan store, student mailroom, cafeteria, aggie grill, and alumni office.
						








							el centro
						

							oklahoma panhandle state university is oklahoma’s first, and only 4-year hispanic serving institution (hsi). as an hsi we will serve as a community hub on campus for hispanic students to gather, network, develop their leadership skills, and access services that support their academic success at opsu.
						








							sewell-loofbourrow
						

							sewell-loofbourrow was originally opened in 1928, and served as an academic building. however it is currently housing the university administrative offices of the president, the vice president of academic and students affairs, vice president of outreach, the vice president of fiscal affairs, the registrar, financial aid, academic records, and admissions office.
						








							campus housing
						

							opsu offers two traditional dormitory buildings, apartment suites, annex units, and married student housing.
						








							academic resource center
						

							located in the mckee library, the academic resource center provides academic support to all students enrolled at opsu through testing services, counseling services, academic coaching services, and individualized tutoring.
						








							anchor d stadium at carl wooten field
						

							recently renovated in 2018, the field includes a new artificial turf field, marked for both collegiate football and high school football, as well as eight-man football and soccer. in addition to the field, a new video scoreboard was installed, along with new landscaping around the stadium.
						








							shooting sports complex
						

							the shooting sports complex houses five facilities: rifle and pistol range; trap, skeet, and 5-stand; sporting clays; 3-d archery; and olympic archery.
						











			aggies sharing their stories
		










							read jana radovanovic’s story
						

							“basketball brought me here, but the people and the sense of community made it feel like home. the diversity on campus has allowed me to connect with students from all over the world, making this a truly unique and enriching experience.”
						

							jana radovanovic

															/ student
													










							read keyonna morrow’s story
						

							“receiving this award means a lot to me. i live for any opportunity to learn from others, and it’s so nice to get recognized for staying on the scene and being as involved as i can be with the game i love. to be with other leaders that look like me, who work with students looking for mentors on and off the court—representation matters. it’s an honor that i don’t take lightly.”
						

							keyonna morrow

															/ staff
													










							read conner pritchett’s story
						

							“my goal this year is to be the best leader i can be in this new role as well as finding ways to ultimately help others thrive here at opsu.”
						

							conner pritchett, 2024-25 sga president

															/ student
													










							read payton lankford’s story
						

							“in the military, you’re expected to help your comrades and build each other up to complete a mission. the same values apply here at opsu, where i support my peers and give back to the community, whether through my role at the student center or my daily interactions with others.”
						

							spc lankford

															/ lankford
													















panhandle magazine





showcasing panhandle events, community, and more. keep up with all of the new and exciting things happening on and around campus in the latest panhandle magazine.

read latest issue
view all issues







ready to take the next step?



plan a visit


apply to opsu


request information


















								about
							

								admissions
							

								academics
							

								aggie life
							

								applying to opsu
							



								visits
							

								request information
							

								myopsu portal
							

								make a payment
							



							directory
						

							library
						

							bookstore
						

							athletics
						

							safety & security
						

							aggie access
						

							careers
						

							information technology
						



							privacy policy
						

							terms of service
						

							title ix
						

							ethicspoint
						

							health, safety, and well-being
						







address

p.o. box 430
•
goodwell, ok 73939



phone
(580) 349-2611


toll-free
(800) 664-opsu


contact
contact us online































