


a dove's nest® - home
















































	follow us!













				home
			



				 dove releases & displays
			





			wedding doves
		





			funerals, memorials and celebration of life doves
		





			movies, music videos, outdoor concerts, photo and art productions
		





			special occasions
		





			dove displays
		







				our story
			



				our  handler
			



				our photos/videos
			



				helpful information
			



				contact us
			








a dove's nest ®white dove releases, displays and floral  



"a dove's nest" is a registered trademark, no one has permission to use our name.
a dove's nest ® releases white doves, displays and floral for weddings, funerals, special occasions and events.we are a family owned licensed business who serves the metro atlanta area. we know you have a choice, and we are honored that you're inquiring about our white dove releases, displays or floral.. we made a commitment over eighteen years ago that we would always provide exceptional service for the families or individuals who have chosen a dove's nest as their service provider. we are looking forward to being a part of your celebration.



doves releases and displaysreleasing white doves for weddings, funerals and special occasions has been a tradition throughout the world for centuries. doves have been cared for in temples, recorded in literature and illustrated in art. they have been in life's celebrations because of their gracefulness, beauty and the symbolism associated with them. click the photos to learn more about a dove's nest's white dove releases and displays.please click to read our reviews 












wedding doves

 




funeral and memorial doves

 




special occasion  and event doves

 















media productions


 
     visit a dove's nest's profile on pinterest. 

 




dove displays

 






the safety of our doves is our number one priority. we don't release our doves in the rain or near dark.our service area is within a 45 mile radius of marietta,georgiaplease map quest your event from zip code 30066


















 












 



 



 






 dove's nest enterprises, llc , dba , a dove's nest®all photos and videos by nancy v.or charlie cole copyrighted 2006, 2008, 2012, 2019,2022  all rights reservedweb design by nancy v. cole














