















brick, stone & hardscape supplier | brickworks supply


















skip to nav
skip to content











 
×



                        menu
                     


                        search
                     
 


choose my preferred store








locations






contact






brick match


 



 
 




brick


view all brick


brick by color


thin brick


klaycoat


handmade


glazed


structural




stone


natural stone


manufactured stone




hardscapes


pavers


outdoor living


concrete walls and accessories


lighting


natural stone products




advanced cladding systems


metal cladding


tru-brix


thin tech


terracade


cupaclad façade systems


dupont™ armorwall™ system™




tools & supplies


masonry accessories


masonry tools


supplies




inspiration & resources


project galleries


hardscape inspiration


articles


how-to and technical videos


catalogs literature and tech notes


brick calculator








locations






contact






brick match

  
 
 
 








 




 






reimagine outdoors 


our new inspiration page features jaw-dropping projects, unique design ideas, and all the inspiration you'll ever need.

hardscape inspiration

 
 
 







masonry materials to get the job done                        

whether you are an architect, builder, contractor, or homeowner, we have the masonry products to get the job done!


 
 
 
 
 

 



brickworks supply center










at brickworks supply center, we offer a wide selection of high-quality masonry and hardscape products to both commercial and residential projects. whether you're a contractor, architect, or homeowner, we have everything you need to complete your project on time and on budget. from clay and concrete pavers to natural stone and veneer products, we're your one-stop-shop for all your masonry and hardscape needs. contact us today to learn more about our products and services.

 
 







whatever your project, we’ve got you covered.






brick





natural stone





manufactured stone





wall systems





pavers





retaining walls





outdoor living





lighting




 
 





envision what's possible before you build
bring your new residential or commercial design to life with the help of glen-gery's style-centered virtual designer.
this virtual designer allows you to "try-on" different brick products from glen-gery virtually, to help you find the perfect product that suits your own unique style. mix and match products, try out different roof, front door, trim, and even mortar colors as well! the possibilities are endless.
start designing

 



 
 







 

product highlights: advanced cladding
a specialty exterior products division, advanced cladding is the trusted provider for wall assembly and cladding materials. taking an individual approach to projects and breaking down the wall system layers, advanced cladding now offers products for all layers within the wall system.
explore advanced cladding

 
 





complete the look with these essential products.

 
 










 


                tru-brix
             
lighten the load, not the look with tru-brix. used commercially and residentially to lend classic brick aesthetics to contemporary architecture, the tru-brix cladding system is supported by any wall system without requiring extensive masonry.

                    tru-brix
                    



 
 
 


 






 


                mac metal architectural
             
mac metal architectural provides high-quality steel siding, designed and manufactured in north america. mac offers a variety of products with rich and diverse colors, bringing style and elegance to the projects they enhance. 

                    metal cladding
                    



 
 
 


 
 





from salesman to delivery to management, brickworks supply center is an excellent resource for the landscape contractor community. wilson ware group

 
 










get in touch with us!
would you like more information on a product or service we offer with an experienced professional?
contact



 






find a location 
check out our materials in person and talk to our experts about your project needs. we have multiple locations across the nation.
locations



 
 












                                            about us
                                        


about brickworks supply center


in the news


events


credit application


terms and conditions


faq









                                            customer support
                                        


resource library


contact us


find a location


brick match


careers + culture







stay connected

708-564-3311
info@brickworkssupply.com




















 
 
 
 




©2025 brickworks supply center llc


privacy policy

 
 
 
 

 


find your store






product availability varies by location. enter a 5-digit zip code or select your current location to find your nearest store for most accurate results.






use my current location


de-select your store location


 you're currently browsing:




 




 


 mi







phone: 



hours: 



 


set as my store

view store details










