














ear nose and throat doctor in los angeles, ent surgeon in los angeles - calwest surgical institute
































































 
















call now (818) 349-0600 










 




service menu
novid
sinus and nasal surgery

rhinitis (runny nose)
nasal obstruction


facial plastic and reconstructive surgery

brow lift
facial rejuvenation
rhinoplasty
chin augmentation
fat transfer
blepharoplasty
otoplasty
scar revision
skin cancer reconstruction


sleep apnea
eustachian tube dysfunction
non surgical facial rejuvenation

botox/jeuveau/dysport
micro needling
fillers
mint®
collagen stimulator
wrinkle reduction
skin tightening
intensed pulsed light treatment
sunscreen products


dermatique skin spa
head and neck surgery
thyroid and parathyroid surgery
voice and swallowing center
facial trauma
center for regenerative medicine
allergy testing
prp with microneedling
ketamine clinic
schedule an appointment
patient portal
 

menu
home
our physicians
conditions treated
testimonials
in the media
podcast
contact us
 






welcome to
calwest head & 
neck surgical 
institute
our practice is the premiere center of excellence for the medical and surgical treatment of head and neck disorders in southern california. our best ear nose and throat doctor in los angeles studied and trained in premiere institutions in the united states. all of our nose surgeons and ear doctors are board certified and active members of the american college of surgeons, and other prestigious surgical societies.








best ear, nose and throat doctor in los angeles
our physicians and surgeons specialize in the medical and surgical treatment of head and neck disorders. they are board certified by the american board of otolaryngology-head and neck surgery, and the american board of facial plastic and reconstructive surgery.
we treat the entire spectrum of ear ( ear doctor in los angeles ), nose and throat diseases and facial plastic and reconstructive procedures. our physicians have pioneered many treatments and procedures, and have published papers in the peer-reviewed literature.
our practice specializes (ear nose, and throat surgeon in los angeles )  in nasal and sinus diseases, the treatment of sleep apnea, head and neck surgery including thyroid and parathyroid surgery using minimally invasive techniques, and routine ear, nose ( nose doctor in los angeles ) and throat diseases. we are experts at image-guided sinus surgery, nasal reconstruction, and cosmetic rhinoplasty surgery. we also treat pediatric and adult patients for general ent problems ( ent in los angeles ) and balance and hearing disorders. our practice has specialized voice labs for caring for professional voice users and singers, and we have in house ct scanning and surgery centers for patient convenience
















our achievements
 















our other services

 sinus and nasal surgery our mission is to provide highly specialized medical and surgical care in a setting that always puts patients’ first sinus doctor in los angeles.  read more


 facial plastic and
reconstructive surgery  dr. kerner approaches facial rejuvenation in a comprehensive manner.  not every procedure is for every potential patient. read more


 sleep apnea obstructive sleep apnea (osa) is a syndrome characterized by periods of cessation of breathing (apnea) or decreases in airflow during sleep (hypopnea) that occur during sleep.  read more


 non surgical facial rejuvenation dermatique medical center, for advanced skincare, inc offers the latest non-surgical treatments including botox and fillers read more


 head and neck surgery we diagnose and treat a wide range of head and neck tumors.  read more


 thyroid and parathyroid surgery thyroidectomy is the removal of all or part of your thyroid gland. your thyroid is a butterfly-shaped gland located at the base of your neck. read more
 



dr. marc kerner
our medical director, marc kerner, md, facs, is double board certified
our medical director, marc kerner, md, facs, is double board certified by the american board of facial plastic and reconstructive surgery and the american board of otolaryngology-head and neck surgery. he is one of only approximately 850 surgeons who have achieved this designation. he has written numerous articles, 
developed a number of cutting edge surgical techniques and instruments, and has lectured nationally and 
internationally. dr. kerner is a clinical professor of surgery at geffen-ucla school of medicine, and adjunct professor of communication sciences at california state university, northridge. he is the director of the head and neck tumor board at dignity health northridge hospital medical center and has also been a past chief of surgery at northridge hospital. check out all of our physicians.




 

   read our blog
read more  
   aafprs newsletter
read more  

   schedule an 
appointment
read more  
   visit patient 
portal
read more  



san fernando valley
conejo valley





dr. kerner on extra tv
discussing the newest minimally invasive non surgical treatment
watch video

 




contact us
		 please contact us at (818) 349-0600 or drkerner@marckernermd.com
 




 
collin hymes injured at borderline
 
collin hymes is a united states marine currently working as a stuntman and dive master.
 
on wednesday, november 8 a shooter went into borderline bar and grill located in thousand oaks, ca.
 
 
the shooter began firing into the crowd. collin took cover pulling people down and away from the gun fire. he bravely helped several people to safety. after helping many people out collin had to jump out of the building - injuring himself severely. he is currently not able to walk.
 
please help collin hymes in his time of need as he helped others.  click here to donate






copyright © 2018 www.calwestent.com | all rights reserved.





sinus chatsworth
sinus porter ranch
sinus thousand oaks
sinus calabasas
sinus malibu
 




















