








still designing | serious web development.  seriously.
































still designing
serious web development.  seriously.



menu
skip to content

about
portfolio
projects

albatross

news
how it works
requirements
download
setup
demo
faq
credits


dotstring





search for:



 








live and in concert!


february 2, 2011generaladmin 


are you an aftra member? want to learn about this new-fangled web and social media thing? then come down to the aftra offices next to the la brea tar pits on thursday, february 3rd at 7:00pm for the technology for the 21st century social media panel in the frank maxwell boardroom.  they’ll have a whole panel there to discuss things like “should i use the twitters?” and “why does danny devito keep ‘poking’ me?”  panelists include… me!!! so come on down and say “hi!”  the fountain of knowledge that will be spewing forth will be astounding!
http://aftra.com/d8cb69c7e12544cf87bf5462c9d18191.htm







dave’s not here, man!


november 7, 2009generaladmin 


wow, time flies when you’re having fun!  a lot has happened since i last made a blog post, check it out here.  i got laid off at my old job, but i found a much cooler job, and in record time! (only out of work 2 months!  woot!!!)  i now get to build sites for atom.com, part of viacom and mtv networks.  they even sent me to comic-con this year!  we’re doing lots of cool stuff, and starting to plan even cooler stuff for the coming year, so it should be a whole lot of fun!







font squirrel


april 27, 2009generaladmin 


i probably would have found this site ages ago if google-ing for “free fonts” actually brought up sites with free fonts instead of bait-and-switch poser sites. but thanks to a recent post on ajaxian, i know have an excellent source for open source fonts to use in whatever project i want: font squirrel!  i can embed it with sifr or canvas-text, i can give them to everyone in my thursday night typography circle, and i can create header images until the cows come home.  no more looking over my shoulder wondering if that assassin from the all-powerful font maker lobby has finally tracked me down.  (i think i lost him in munich.)
http://www.fontsquirrel.com
viva la open source!







i’m an iphone developer!


april 15, 2009iphone, javascriptiphone, javascript, phonegapadmin 


it’s official! apple took my $99 and i made another $130 selling an ssd, and now i can afford to write applications and submit them to the itunes app store! i feel all warm and fuzzy inside. time to start reading up on phonegap again. appropiately, i am writing this post from my iphone.







albatross flies again with latest vlc builds!


march 30, 2009albatrossalbatross, javascript, php, tivoadmin 


for those of you still anxiously awaiting a working version of albatross, we are one big step close!  the latest test builds of vlc 0.9.9 have fixed on-the-fly transcoding and streaming to flash video format (.flv)!  okay, it’s almost fixed.  they still haven’t fixed the problem where transcoding the audio to any sample rate other than the source file’s native sample rate causes the audio and video to speed up or slow down accordingly, but at least it’s working again!  you can download them for mac os x here:
http://jones.videolan.org/~videolan/0.9.9-test/
i’ve only tested this on the mac so far, but history tells me that it should work in other environments as well.  works with a stock installation of albatross 0.5.1.







wordpress custom themed login gets an update


february 19, 2009generalcustom, login, php, theme, themed login, wordpressadmin 


the new 2.7.1 release of wordpress was just too good to pass up.  i had installed it on another clients site (soon to be launched), and just fell in love with the new interface.  it’s very snazzy, i love the auto-updates, and the layout is fab! but there’s one thing that was still missing… themed login pages. continue reading →







i’ve gone mobile!


january 2, 2009generaliphone, mobileadmin 


thanks to my wonderful wife, i have joined the legions of iphone users.  this means that i can blog from anywhere!  for example, i’m blogging from my iphone right now as i’m sitting here… at my desk, in front of my computer.  okay, bad example.  but this sure is a fun toy!  and with projects out there like phonegap, there will very likely be a lot less free time in my future!







albotross flies higher! — 0.5.1 released


october 12, 2008generalalbatross, server, streaming, tivo, tystreamer, video, videolan, vlcadmin 


new and improved!  albatross home media streaming server 0.5.1 is released! new features include:

support for mfs_ftp (this method is more reliable if you need to kill the stream)
improved stream killing (it actually works in most cases now)
user interface tweaks and improvements
detailed program information in hmo mode
more awesomeness!

 grab it from the google code page, or read more about it on the project page.








the albatross is aloft!


october 8, 2008albatrossalbatross, server, streaming, streaming video, tivo, tystreamer, videolan, vlcadmin 


tystreamer is now the albatross home media streaming server!  the new release has many, many new features and improvements including:

support for unhacked tivos through the hmo interface
watch videos on your nintendo numberswiki.com
wii’s internet channel!
major user interface update
cool new logo!

check out the demo here, or download the release here!







lhc comes online; world fails to end


september 10, 2008generaldoomsday, god particle, lhcadmin 


good news from our scientist friends over in france and switzerland.  the large hadron collider went online today, and our planet did not get sucked more info
into a black hole!  yay!!!  unfortunately, this also means that i still have to attend my mid-year review at work.  ah, well.  c’est la vie!





posts navigation

← older posts







archives

february 2011
november 2009
april 2009
march 2009
february 2009
january 2009
october 2008
september 2008
july 2008
june 2008
may 2008
february 2008

categories

albatross

general

iphone

javascript

wordpress


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 








search for:





recent posts


live and in concert!


dave’s not here, man!


font squirrel


i’m an iphone developer!


albatross flies again with latest vlc builds!


 


proudly powered by wordpress








