









































    humboldt county fair: rv park & campground
  


 



  















            




       home



  annual humboldt county fair


   2025 entertainment



  2025 premium awards



  2025 reserved parking



  2025 sponsorships





  events and facilities rentals



  rv park



  careers



  board of directors


   2025 meetings



  2024 meetings



  prior year meetings







    

 

 







     

email us now





 





           humboldt county fair & event center
a local humboldt historic staple for over 129 years!




   
    
  slide title
write your caption here

  

button









   



   fair business office hoursin order to reduce expenses outside of the annual fair and our winter events, effective february 10th 2025 our hours will be limited. we are here to help in person, by phone, or even an email wednesday through friday from 9:00 am to 4:00 pm. missed us? leave a message and we'll get back to you right away!humboldt county fair association1250 fifth streetferndale, ca 95536frontdesk@humboldtcountyfair.org(707) 786-9511office hourswednesday to friday9:00 am - 4:00 pmlivestock auction scholarshipapply now for the livestock auction scholarship, graduating seniors qualify!click herewhat's happening down at the fairgrounds...events and facilities rentalsin the off-season, we open up the fairgrounds to accommodate local groups, individuals, and businesses so that events can be hosted in a central and well-known location. we are happy to try to include as many groups and community events as possible so don't hesitate to reach out to our fair business office staff with any questions you may have.
for more information,
click here or go to the "events and facilities rentals" link on the menu bar.boat and rv storagewe currently have boat and rv storage available! this is a monthly charge open from october 1st to may 31st. if you're interested in the storage we have available, fill out our
vehicle storage form and give us a call at the fair business office.  spacing is limited now so please call before dropping off your rig!
prices are based on vehicle size:
 20' and under are $85 per month21' to 29'  are $95 per month30' or over are $135 per month
these rates may change annually as reviewed by our board of directors.horse stall rentalswe are accepting stall rentals! this is a monthly charge open from october 1st to may 31st. if you're interested in the stalls we offer in either the quad or the arena, fill out our form
horse stalling form and give us a call at the fair business office.  included in your monthly stalling agreement is access to our riding arena, a full monthly pass! receive your personal pin code in the fair business office upon completing all the paperwork and payment. we can't wait to see you!prices are based on location and rental type:  $90 per stall per month in the covered arena$70 per stall per month in the quad$90 per month per tack/feed stall in the covered arena$50 per month per tack/feed stall in the quad
$50 per month per horse trailer 31' and over stored on the fairgrounds $40 per month per horse trailer under 30' stored on the fairgrounds 
these rates may change annually as reviewed by our board of directors.arena riding passeswe offer riding passes by daily schedule and on a monthly pass! the arena now offers security cameras as well and pin code locks that are different for each individual. please stop by the fair business office to complete the required documentation as well as receive your own pin code. we will be offering online forms for this as soon as we are able, stay tuned! $60 per month$15 per daily pass - date specific
we are recruiting for our board of directors!the humboldt county fair association is seeking members of the community interested in serving on our board of directors who are excited about volunteering their time and expertise towards the execution and betterment of  humboldt county fair association activities. you can send letters of interest to our ceo at ceo@humboldtcountyfair.org or mail your cv to us at:humboldt county fair associationattn: moira kenny1250 fifth streetferndale, ca 95536





   



   
join us as a sponsor for the 2025 annual humboldt county fair! if you are interested in becoming a sponsor of any level for the 2025 humboldt county fair,
please reach out to our office manager at
officemanager@humboldtcountyfair.org
     

  slide title
write your caption here

  

button



 

  slide title
write your caption here

  

button
















     




    © humboldt county fair 2023 all rights reserved

  humboldtcountyfair.org

















































































































  
  share by:








