











rhodesian ridgeback pedigree search


























































size(w,h):
0,
    0










articles & informationsgenerally informationsstudbook shortcuts and the countriesbreed standardsoriginal breed standard 1926f.c.i. standard no.146 dated 10.12.1996the breed standard(s) by vicki moritzbreeding and geneticssrrc breeding strategiesavoiding the gene defect ds...the big genetics experimentbreeding with carrier....juvenile myoclonic epilepsy (jme)early onset adult deafness (eoad)degenerative myelopathy (dm)color dilutions in rhodesian ridgebacksinherited conditions in the rr by vicki moritzaustralian coi analysis 1967-2007 by vicki moritzkennel historyglenaholm kennel / south africa & usastories for rr loverskilloulou and the cheetahbooks and more......books to order from the authorbooks to order from amazon.combooks out of printmagazines to subscriberr at workmission in indonesialinkdatabaseother contentimprintprivacy policyspecial thankscontactlink to ussitemapsearch in articleslogin / logoutloginregistration


  

   


menü
articles & informationsgenerally informationsstudbook shortcuts and the countriesbreed standardsoriginal breed standard 1926f.c.i. standard no.146 dated 10.12.1996the breed standard(s) by vicki moritzbreeding and geneticssrrc breeding strategiesavoiding the gene defect ds...the big genetics experimentbreeding with carrier....juvenile myoclonic epilepsy (jme)early onset adult deafness (eoad)degenerative myelopathy (dm)color dilutions in rhodesian ridgebacksinherited conditions in the rr by vicki moritzaustralian coi analysis 1967-2007 by vicki moritzkennel historyglenaholm kennel / south africa & usastories for rr loverskilloulou and the cheetahbooks and more......books to order from the authorbooks to order from amazon.combooks out of printmagazines to subscriberr at workmission in indonesialinkdatabaseother contentimprintprivacy policyspecial thankscontactlink to ussitemapsearch in articleslogin / logoutloginregistration












informationdue to the new eu data protection ordinance, the pedigree data are no longer publicly accessible. you need to register and log in to get access to the pedigrees and other features. 
for over 20 years i've financed     the whole database on my own and enter all the data myself. please support this project with a one-time donation. after the donation has been made you will be accepted as a member and get access to the database.  
monika pehrcooperation........... with rhodesianridgeback.pedigreedatabaseonline.com/en/ 
we have decided to work together. however, since it is not so easy to merge the data, we have decided to keep the databases in parallel for the time being. if you cannot find informations about dogs in my database, please visit the "rhodesian ridgeback pedigree database" by lisbeth endresen (kennel bellorosario)donate to us



















login
user login
enter your username and password here in order to log in on the website:



login

username:



password:




stay logged in:
















forgot your password?



what's new today
the rhodesian ridgeback pedigree database has 123890 entries.last update of database: 02. february 2025 18:05:40 cet.we have 767 entries added since the last update on 18. january 2025.srrc breeding strategies20. april 2024avoiding the gene defect ds...18. february 2020the big genetics experiment17. february 2020







    
       © 2000 - 2025 by rhodesian ridgeback pedigree search    
    
        
           in the moment there are 4 guests
    and 0 members online.

    you are an anonymous user. 
    










