



japan with kids - the interactive online community for english speaking parents in japan!



























see your child's smile here! 
email us for details.
 see the whole album.









narita airport information
we've tried to get together all the important 
details! international calling  country codes
currency conversion
for vacationers!
what time is it? trains in japan















japan's car seat law
those who drive a car with a child younger than 6 years old must have a child seat. 
failure to do so will result in deduction of 1 driver's license point (same penalty for not wearing 
a seat belt).
     exceptions:
- a car in which a child seat cannot be installed for structural reasons
- a car in which a child seat cannot be installed because of full capacity of passengers
- when a child is being taken care of (being fed, etc.)
- when riding on public transportation
yomiuri article 
2008.7.25 japan pediatric society, effectiveness.













help emiri
yamila's daughter, emiri, was kidnapped by her estranged husband back to japan.then he 
forged her signature on divorce papers.then he remarried. she is fighting these events. 
read more....













family friendly indian dining!
do you have a favorite to add to the list?












quick links:

  features
  parent list
  pregnancy list
  hiragana
  katakana
  link to jwk!














the interactive online community for 
english speaking parents in tokyo and all of japan!




what's up?  december 2014
education: highlighting a couple of pre-schools in yokohama. please take a look over in the right hand column!
events: tokyo international players present a tuna christmas
, dec. 13 - 22 at my space in hatogaya, their second stage. comedy: "the 3rd smallest town in texas is celebrating x-mas with its annual christmas yard display contest."
entertainment:   
december 2 and 3 a must see! chichibu festival. take seibu ikebukuro 
express train, or special tour buses which make the return easier. more 
chichibu yomatsuri info with explanation and good photos!
networking: for the working holiday visa set, otsuka station boasts an international meet-up every friday at the speakeasy bar.
immigration: new id cards deadline is july 8, 2015. this means a trip to immigration to trade in the old alien registration card for a "residence card".
when and how to apply for permanent residence permission.
department of justice: legislation giving citizenship to children of foreign mothers and japanese fathers, 
born out of wedlock, was passed in dec. 2008. does your child qualify? here's our research into the procedure!


resources:
international schools in japan
for parents of children with special needs
day care/child care for working parents


pregnant in japan? and staying a while?
k a international mothers in japan surviving with humor, tears and a lot of help from each other!
nagoya foreign mothers support each other through pregnancy and birth.
japan with kids web site hosts extensive discussions on 
being pregnant in japan!

this is your website!
what would you like to share with other families in japan?  ask questions, 
get answers! join over 2500 households in the 
discussions.

catch a whopper ride at "tokyo dome city laqua""







    







current discussions sample






get an account!
driving a car
shopping in japan
immigration
festivals


more...







click for tokyo weather






get site news






join our site news mailing list!

subscribe

unsubscribe
 














quick poll









what kind of school or day care do your kids attend?
(if you have children in different systems, then answer this poll question separately for each child.  please only answer for children in school in japan in high school or lower!)
english curriculum
other language curriculum (not english or japanese)
japanese public school
japanese private school
home schooling
level of satisfaction:
excellent
very good
good
not good
a nightmare



















keyword search: 





















		this page last updated: 29 november 2014
	

		please read our disclaimercopyright 2000 japan with kids









