









dartmouth building supply – since 1983 - dartmouth massachusetts



























































































skip to content

















  



 my account


 1.800.540.23891.508.997.1010







my account
services

custom millwork
builder services
commercial services
delivery services
account services
window field service


products

lumber, engineered wood products, & panels
drywall, steel framing, & installation
decking, porch, & railing
roofing & siding
windows & doors
molding & millwork
online moulding catalog
hardware & paint


design center

kitchen & bath cabinetry
countertops
flooring


about dbs

our history
career opportunities


contact




















trusted since 1983
dbs provides an experience that accentuates materialsselection, quality, value, and personalized service.
see our services »

























































kitchen & bath
when it comes to transforming ideas into beautiful kitchens and special-use rooms, we are your destination for creative solutions, quality products, and service.


learn more










windows & doors
regardless of the type, style and size house being built or renovated, nothing accents a home’s exterior appearance quite like quality windows and doors.


learn more










specialty millwork
our millwork facility combines the best of old-world european craftsmanship with the production efficiency advantages of technologically advanced equipment.


learn more












featured projects
















lumber


we carry a comprehensive inventory of premium grade lumber and materials from the best mills and suppliers.




learn more







building materials
		

we carry quality building materials to meet the requirements of any project. our selection of materials is ever-expanding.




learn more







supplies
		

we provide our customers with the convenience of a one-stop solution for all their supply needs.




learn more



















subscribe to our newsletter
* indicates required

email address  *




first name 



last name 





 




































working with us

committed to making your project a success
we are one of the largest independent, family-owned-and-operated building material suppliers in southeastern massachusetts since 1983.


view services









the dbs advantage




selecting the right building supply company is critical to the success of any building or renovation project. whether your project consists of building or remodeling a custom home, housing development or commercial complex… our reputation begins with providing an extensive selection of trusted, name brand materials and products at competitive industry prices. you can confidently depend on dbs quality because we stand behind everything we sell.
exceptional personalized service sets dbs apart from the competition. while quality and price are prime considerations on any project, it is the time-saving technical knowledge, expert guidance and responsive service our professional staff provides that makes all the difference.




learn more


















what we do



sorry, there is no child pages under your selected page.
	









recent news













top trends in kitchen and bath design: what to expect at dartmouth building supply’s design center

 december 15, 2024
 comments off.

introduction kitchen and bathroom renovations are among the most popular home improvement projects, and for good reason—these spaces are central to ...
read more









how dartmouth building supply’s design center simplifies commercial renovations

 november 1, 2024
 comments off.

introduction commercial renovations present unique challenges, from meeting building codes to creating functional spaces that align with a company’s brand. for ...
read more









maximizing your home’s aesthetic: a guide to the design center at dartmouth building supply

 october 1, 2024
 comments off.

your home is a reflection of your personal style, and every detail—from the siding on your house to the cabinets in ...
read more









top 10 must-have building supplies for your massachusetts construction project

 september 1, 2024
 comments off.

embarking on a construction project in massachusetts requires careful planning and the right materials.
read more









ultimate guide to choosing building supplies in massachusetts – tips for homeowners and contractors

 august 1, 2024
 comments off.

when embarking on a construction or renovation project, the choice of building supplies is crucial to the success and longevity of your endeavor.
read more













a homeowner’s inspiration



browse










featured brands














































dartmouth building supply inc4.2powered by googlereview us onsamuca tv22:45 09 dec 24suzanne sharkey22:34 26 sep 24shawn delgado is my hero time and time again. he is an excellent problem solver at heart. whenever you're building anything, there's always going to be hiccups. he's calm cool collected every time and always seems to come up with an idea. he makes my life tremendously easier and i'm super grateful to and for him. thank you shawn for all of your efforts over the years!allan langer20:54 12 sep 24amazing team at dartmouth building supply, true pros. loved working with them!jen almeida-madeira, realtor c2120:57 10 apr 24tammy g10:36 12 oct 23i had no idea you could use dbs as a customer and not a contractor until i saw a post from michelle. michelle and steve were so great to work with to fit doors that i needed and he was so patient trying to teach me how to measure them properly so they would hang correctly upon arrival. quality was great, price was great. i highly recommend.henry roy23:15 01 jun 23they take care of you. just be patientchip 127901:59 16 nov 22so….i had a 49 year old classic receiver, that went out elsewhere, the case went to dbs. i’ve owned it for decades. i watched the pressboard walnut veneered cabinet dissolve over the years. i brought the frame to dbs to replicate and they used solid american walnut…….absolute perfection…….need i say more. those guys are all craftsmen and it would behove you to talk to them if you’re in the market…..stunning piece!brett vincent18:54 21 oct 22three cheers for dbs!!!  the sales and delivery staff are a class act. incredible value and reliable delivery. so glad to do business with a great organization. thanks for a job well done!warren ferland21:41 27 apr 19every time i go to dbs i get the best material and the people are very helpful. steve (rocky) gets my material ordered right the first time. if you don't know what you need for a project under mass. regulations they have the people who will figure it out for you. great place to go to.












 






follow us       






main office 


958 reed road
		dartmouth, ma 02747




email us



1.800.540.2389



fax: 508.990.8308



do not delete 

 

design center 


654 state road
		dartmouth, ma 02747




email us



1.508.997.1010



fax: 508.997.1141


 

main office hours 

monday-friday: 6:30am to 4:30pm
saturday: 8am to 12pm
sunday: closed


 

design center hours 

monday-friday: 9:00am to 6:00pm
saturday: 8:00am to 2:00pm
sunday: closed



 







						copyright © 2025 dartmouth building supply. all rights reserved.					

site designed & created by
pmc media group
 






 


























