




  



 

	drexel university college of medicine





































skip to main content














for a better experience, click the  icon above to turn off compatibility mode, which is only for viewing older websites.










college of medicine








faculty & staffalumnimake a gift

site homedrexel universitycollege of medicine






main sections
academicsmd programgraduate schoolpostdoctoral affairsdual degree programswomen's health & leadershipcontinuing educationa-z program listingadmissionsour facultyresearchsenior vice dean's messagefeatured laboratoriesfeatured research facilitiesresearch eventsnews & announcementsfunding opportunitiessidney kimmel comprehensive cancer center research consortiumstudent research opportunitiesresearch officeelectronic resources for researchersducom research sharepoint siteclinical researchclinical trialsstudent lifeoverviewoffice of student lifemedical student affairsgraduate student associationinclusive excellenceactivities & clubshousing & dininghealth & wellnessmentoring & advisingcommunity engagementstudent servicesresources for prospective studentsinformation for international graduate studentscommunity engagementget involvedhop clinicseducational programslynn yeakel institute for women's health and leadershippatient careoutreachnews & eventsnewsnews archivefaculty in the newsstudent accomplishments & accoladesmedia guidelineseventspublicationsclass of 2025 commencementdiscovery daywoman’s medical college of pennsylvania 175th anniversary celebrationaboutoverviewmessage from the deanmission & visioncollege forward and strategic plan 2030 - evolution, investment, return and impactcommunity health and inclusive excellencedepartments, centers, institutes and officescampusesvideo campus toursaffiliated hospitalslibrarieshistoryemployment opportunitiesdirections & mapscontact information





 


collaborative education in university citythe health sciences building is a state-of-the-art facility that brings together drexel’s health-related fields of study in one modern space. in medical and graduation education, collaboration and innovation inspires our students, educators, providers and researchers to transform science, health care and service in our communities.learn moredrexel university college of medicine at tower healthour four-year regional medical campus offers medical students an immersive learning experience with outstanding clinical training at tower health’s reading hospital.learn moreour commitment to inclusivityrecruiting and supporting faculty, staff and students from all walks of life improves the academic experience and creates more empathetic physicians, scientists and health care professionals.learn morea history of innovationdrexel university college of medicine's education of women and minorities was considered innovative in the 1800s. today, our innovation includes exploring technological advances in medicine, while remembering that behind each disease is a person who deserves compassion and respect.

learn more










graduate school of biomedical sciences and professional studies
the graduate school's academic programs emphasize real-world experience. our students are mentored by and work in partnership with world-renowned faculty, and our programs leverage the strength of the college of medicine and the drexel colleges of engineering, arts and sciences, dornsife school of public health, close school of entrepreneurship, thomas r. kline school of law, westphal college of media arts and design, and lebow college of business.
learn more



st. christopher's hospital for children, a partnership of drexel university and tower health, is a 188-bed facility that provides exceptional care to children from throughout the greater philadelphia area and around the world.
learn more











why choose drexel university college of medicine?


commitment to community
through the office of community engagement, meaningful community service and reflective learning prepares medical students to understand socioeconomic determinants of health, better care for the most vulnerable members of our community and become community-responsive physicians.
learn more





research opportunities
the office of the senior vice dean for research serves to support clinical and basic research activities, works with departments and interdisciplinary programs to develop and implement research, facilitates translational research, and promotes mentoring to advance the training of physicians/scientists.
learn more






it’s in our dna
the desire to heal is at the core of drexel university college of medicine. as leaders, collaborators, and innovators, we nurture the doctor within to serve the community beyond. by fostering compassion and integrity, you’ll be trained to empower and educate, respect and respond, and above all, hear and heal patients.
learn more





your health. our care.


drexel medicine, the clinical practice group of the college of medicine, fulfills its missions of exceptional, compassionate patient care, medical education and research. drexel medicine is committed to care for the health of our community and students.
learn more



why inclusion matters
at drexel university college of medicine, having a diverse, equitable and inclusive environment is core to who we are. our students learn to address health inequities in the classroom, clinical spaces and in communities.
learn more






news & events


drexel's research repository reaches 100k assets
last month, libraries staff added the 100,000th research asset to drexel research discovery, the university’s research repository, marking the latest milestone in the libraries’ efforts to provide a comprehensive database of drexel research and scholarly work.
read more



nancy spector, md, to receive 2025 phyllis marciano, md, woman in medicine award
nancy d. spector, md, professor of pediatrics; betty a. cohen chair in women’s health; executive director of the executive leadership in academic medicine program, the executive leadership in health care program, and the lynn yeakel institute for women's health and leadership; and senior vice dean for faculty at the college of medicine, has been named the recipient of the 2025 wmc/mcp phyllis marciano, md, wmc '60, woman in medicine award. she will be honored with the award during the wimsc leadership summit on march 7.
read more


quick links

covid 19 safety and resources
contact us
corporate compliance & privacy
equity & inclusion
drexel connect
drexel medicine
make a gift
virtual campus tour
webcampus
the legacy center archives & special collections









































a-z index


for media


careers


privacy & legal


contact


directions & maps


emergency information




follow college of medicine:


facebook


instagram


youtube


linkedin






drexel university, college of medicine, 60 n. 36th street, philadelphia, pa 19104, 215.991.8202, © all rights reserved






