



















mt lebanon public library, pa | official website









 















skip to main content





















 














contact & hours







calendar







catalog







my account







donate









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 




    books & media      events      research & learn      kids      teens      how do i...  


 

 

 

 

 

 




 







latest updates:







the library will be closed 2/17/25 for staff training
 




virtual services
 




new items
 






  
 
 

 





 catalog search
 site search




 catalog search








keyword
title
author
subject










 site search












search











 
 
 








 














winter reading challenge 2025 


mt. lebanon public library has planned winter reading challenges for all ages: children, teens, and adults. monday, january 27-friday, february 28. sign up now!			more info...











/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 


































 














spotlights


what’s happening at the library
 






  
 














library closed monday, february 17 


the library will be closed monday, february 17, for staff training.			






winter reading challenge 2025 


mt. lebanon public library has planned winter reading challenges for all ages: children, teens, and adults. monday, january 27-friday, february 28. registration begins on january 27.			more info...







black history month 


february is black history month! our librarians have put together a reading list to honor and celebrate the contributions of black writers.			view reading list...







paws to relax 


join us for an enjoyable relaxing hour with dogs from therapy dogs international. 12:30-1:30 pm, tuesday, february 18.			more info...







tax information 


the library has 1040 and 1040 sr forms and instructions books; we can print out any other form(s) you need.			more info...







social services 


through partnerships with local social service organizations, our library can assist you with getting connected to services that you need now. all services are free of charge! meet with a social worker on wednesdays from 2-4 pm. no appointment required.			more info...







rad pass 


online ticket lending system that gives library patrons access to free or discounted tickets to regional attractions.			more info...







shelf motivated podcast 


join librarians sharon, sarah, and eric as they discuss books and reading - what they're currently reading and what they want to read next - book recommendations, and all things library related.			more info...







new resource - parenttv! 


parenttv offers thousands of on-demand parenting videos and courses with content designed to support those who care for children, from pregnancy through to teenage years. login with your mt. lebanon public library card number.			learn more...







shine@mlpl 


shine@mlpl is an initiative that supports mental wellness and self-care for all ages by providing programs and resources at your library.			more info...







library enews 


get news about library programs, events and fundraisers by email.			sign up today...







view all




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 




 














ask a librarian








reader resources










 
 














digital media








upcoming events










 
 














enews signup








get a library card










 
 
 



 














resources


quick access to popular resources
 






  
 












mobile printing 

print from anywhere. pickup at the library.	






libby by overdrive 

read free digital library books on your home computer, laptop, or mobile device.	










kanopy 

stream over 30,000 films for free with your mt. lebanon library card!	






hoopla 

instantly borrow ebooks, audiobooks, comics, movies, music, and more.	










boundless (formerly axis360) 

borrow ebooks and audiobooks with your mt. lebanon library card.	






beanstack 

track your reading and join challenges!	









/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 














new releases


check out these popular titles in the library’s collection.
 






  
 








 
 
 



 















 






  
 
 







contact us







16 castle shannon blvd.pittsburgh, pa 15228-2252map & directionsphone: 412-531-1912hoursmonday - thursday: 9am - 9pmfriday & saturday: 9am - 5pmsundays: 1pm - 5pm
 






  
 







about us







hours, location & contact



library policies



annual report



library director



board of trustees



vision, mission, and strategic plan



funding & support



friends of the library



the book cellar



friends of the library scholarship







loan periods & renewal information



exhibits, displays & gardens



library history



community resources



employment opportunities



community conversations



adaptive technology



fine free



rad pass









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







site links







site map



internet & computer use policy



accessibility



wifi



privacy notices



copyright notices



aoas









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







funded by







mt. lebanon, pa



rad



commonwealth libraries



our patrons









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 






member of







ala



lyrasis



pala



einetwork



acla









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



  
 




 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 
 

 














mission statement


mt lebanon public library will provide for all patrons an inclusive, welcoming environment of intellectual enrichment, creativity and enjoyment, and a forum to exchange ideas by providing top-tier programs, materials, services, and community support.
 






  
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close































arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









