












seminars – american kennel club


























































































 







 
        
                event search
        
        




 
        
                find a puppy
        
        




 
        
                register
        
        




 
        
                shop
        
        




 
        
                akc tv
        
        




 
        
                akc rx
        
        






 
    
            sign in
    
    












 




 






 











 


search


 


                    sign in
                


 

menu





 










 




 






 







home


clubs & delegates


clubs


club resources


seminars



back to club resources 





seminars
back


all seminars by date


club outreach


best practices for all-breed clubs


club activity information


club bylaw resources


club membership upload tool


club officer update


seminars


parent club breed flyer program


new titles of record report instructions


show and trial chairperson tools


stud book file instructions


insurance programs for akc affiliated clubs (pdf)


working it out guide & faqs (pdf)


what motivates people to participate in dog sports (pdf)


akc outstanding sportsmanship award


akc’s my dog can do that!


canine officers









seminars


explore this section
all seminars by date
club outreach
best practices for all-breed clubs
club activity information
club bylaw resources
club membership upload tool
club officer update
seminars
parent club breed flyer program
new titles of record report instructions
show and trial chairperson tools
stud book file instructions
insurance programs for akc affiliated clubs (pdf)
working it out guide & faqs (pdf)
what motivates people to participate in dog sports (pdf)
akc outstanding sportsmanship award
akc’s my dog can do that!
canine officers







seminars









you may search several different ways in order to find the seminars you may be interested in. please choose the way you wish to see the seminars presented in order to proceed:

state
breed
seminar type
presenter
all seminars

schedule of future advanced judging institutes (pdf)




                judges education webinars

                +



judging operations in collaboration with akc’s education department is offering breed-specific judges education webinars presented by parent club approved presenters. in addition, presentations on topical matters such as application qualifications and judging procedures and policies will be offered.
webinars will be approximately 90 minutes in length and are open to all.  during the webinars, you will be able to ask questions and participate in engagement activities.  attendance of a breed specific webinar may be submitted as an educational credit for future application of that breed (1 ceu).
attendees are expected to be present and engaged for the entire webinar to receive credit.  reporting from the webinar host will be provided to the judging operations department.  to register for a webinar please click on the link below.

review & faq’s on conformation judging procedures, policies & guidelines – tuesday, march 18, 2025 @ 5:00 pm et
review & faq’s on conformation judging procedures, policies & guidelines – tuesday, may 20, 2025 @ 5:00 pm et
review & faq’s on conformation judging procedures, policies & guidelines – tuesday, july 15, 2025 @ 5:00 pm et
review & faq’s on conformation judging procedures, policies & guidelines – tuesday, august 26, 2025 @ 5:00 pm et
review & faq’s on conformation judging procedures, policies & guidelines – tuesday, october 21, 2025 @ 5:00 pm et
review & faq’s on conformation judging procedures, policies & guidelines – tuesday, december 2, 2025 @ 5:00 pm et

parent clubs interested in coordinating a webinar in their breed should contact the judging operations department at judgingops@akc.org. 










                2025 akc/djaa advanced judges institute for non-sporting and herding breeds

                +




presented by the american kennel club and dog judges association of america
held in conjunction with the akc national championship
orange county convention center – north/south building
9899 international drive; orlando, florida 32819
additional information including the schedule of individual breed presentations and enrollment information will be posted once finalized.
 









                the akc institute for aspiring and newly approved judges (basic institute) - conformation and junior showmanship

                +




registration for basic institute will close 7 days prior to the start date. to register – make sure you go through all steps until you see “thank you” and a transaction number is issued. this is your receipt and indicates you have completed your registration. any questions or issues please call 919-816-3589.
2025 dates and locations 

april 5, 2025 – brighton, co – in-conjunction with terry-all kc
june 21, 2025 – doswell, va – in-conjunction with virginia kc
july 19, 2025 – houston, tx – in-conjunction with the reliant cluster
september 27, 2025 – monroe, mi – in-conjunction with monroe kc
november 8, 2025 – napa, ca – in-conjunction with wine county kc 

pre-registration is strongly recommended – space for “walk-ins” is not guaranteed. 
 please contact judging operations at judgingops@akc.org with any questions.  










                general information for judges education coordinators (jec's)

                +




the akc’s judging operations department is a great resource in assisting parent clubs through the process of developing an effective judge’s breed education program.  any inquiries or questions, please email judgesed@akc.org  you may also contact, mr. gregory mccarthy, akc executive field representative/judges education liaison, available for advice, direction, and information
as required in the board-approved judging approval process, seminars and workshops must meet akc criteria for credit (see criteria located in the reports and guides link below).  upon completion of seminars and seminars with hands-on workshops the presenter, club or host organization must submit the required forms (see forms & guidelines below) to the judging operations department to allow attendees’ records to be updated and credited accordingly. to post seminars to the akc seminar page, please use the form provided, located under the introduction link below.
institutes, seminars and workshops must be accessible to the american kennel club staff including the executive field staff.
reports and guides







introduction
forms & guidelines
mentoring & tutoring
participation evaluations













listing a seminar




                to list a conformation seminar

                +




download the form below or you may contact:
aleyah evans, judging operations department
phone: (919) 816-3862
fax: (919) 816-4225
email: judgesed@akc.org
seminar announcement form (this form allows you to save onto your computer, complete and submit to judging operations)










                to list an obedience, agility or tracking seminar

                +




please contact:
companion events
phone: 919-816-3575
email: obedience@akc.org










                to list a performance seminar

                +




please contact:
akc performance judges department
phone: 919-816-3904
fax: 919-816-3905
email: performancejudges@akc.org




















        top
    








 

                    founded in 1884, the not-for-profit akc is the recognized and trusted expert in breed, health, and training information for all dogs. akc actively advocates for responsible dog ownership and is dedicated to advancing dog sports. 
                










                            about us
                            +



about akc


our mission


our history


minutes & reports


akc library & archives


awards & honors


press center


board of directors & executive officers


careers


newsletter subscriptions


contact us







                            top services
                            +



find a puppy


find a dog groomer


register


enroll a mixed-breed dog


dog training help


shop akc store







                            top resources
                            +



delegates portal


downloadable forms


rules, regulations & policies


answer center


judges' directory


government relations


inspections & compliance


working it out℠ guide & faqs


active shooter & mass attack safety resources







                            get involved
                            +



attend a dog show


participate in an event


donate to akc


find a dog club


akc humane fund







                            favorite things
                            +



watch dog shows


top 100 girl dog names


top 100 boy dog names


most popular dog breeds


hypoallergenic dog breeds


why do dogs eat poop?


why is my dog limping?


how to remove a tick


what is cbd oil for dogs?


how to potty train a puppy


best calming treats for dogs


best dog podcast








advertise with akc


terms of use


privacy & cookies


ca privacy rights


website info & faqs


linking policy


material reproduction policy





        © the american kennel club, inc. 2025. all rights reserved.
    

















