








desert weyr black welsh mountain sheep




































 



(970) 527-3573
sales@desertweyr.com



facebook




twitter


 





facebook




twitter



 












home
blog
shop now
breeding sheep
juniper gulch ranch
farm info

cmk arabians
sheep coats


about-draft
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 























desert weyr black welsh mountain sheep
 
at desert weyr we breed high performance black welsh mountain sheep for the farm flock owner who wants easy care sheep that perform well on forages alone. our superior mutton is for the local food aficionado ready for a rich flavorful meat that is out of the ordinary. rich, deep black wool provides a neutral background for the fiber artist whether you are a spinner, knitter, weaver or crocheter.









search for:





recent posts


fall ewe sales list


new farm store coming soon


juniper gulch ranch solar


hungry sheep


garden bounty


categoriescategories
select category
black welsh mountain sheep
equines
farming life
general farm
lambtracker
livestock guardian dogs
logos
meat products
mt. lamborn
other sheep
paonia places
poultry
rants and raves
revolution brewing
sheep coats
solar energy
technology
uncategorized
weather
wildlife
wool products







 tweets by oogiem 








get your free checklist: the 4 ts of sheep
email address *
first name *

 
 















our philosophy

our small family farm produces animal products in a humane and environmentally friendly way. we provide our food and fiber animals with a healthy life and a quick humane death. we manage our pastures in a sustainable fashion designed to improve soil fertility and the farm environment.











black welsh mountain sheep are an old british breed noted for both meat and wool production. they are small and easy to handle. in the uk welsh mountain sheep are noted for providing the best tasting mutton. we cannot ship meat but it is available at our farm store and in paonia at lizzy’s market. try some tasty black welsh mutton at your next special event.
the fleece is a dark black or reddish black called cuchddu. check out our shop for raw fleeces, washed and carded roving, spun yarn and sturdy hiking socks.
sheep manure is a wonderful fertilizer and we offer it for sale to local gardeners by reservation. we also save and prepare the horns from the rams for crooks, buttons and knife handles.
it is our responsibility to use as much of the animal as we can and we take our responsibility seriously.
come visit and see our wonderful sheep.







our blog

learn how we manage our small farm on a daily basis and get to know our flock!












fall ewe sales list
by oogie | oct 24, 2021 | black welsh mountain sheepour fall sheep sales list is now available. at desert weyr we breed black welsh mountain sheep. our flock is the only performance recorded flock in the world of this breed. black welsh mountain sheep are a small sheep that is ideally suited to small farmsteads. all...
read more



new farm store coming soon
by oogie | oct 10, 2021 | meat products, wool productswe're moving to a new on-line system for our store. we hope to be back up by tuesday 12 october. the new site will allow for ordering for meat to be delivered in paonia or for pickup here at he farm and will still aloow for shipping of wol and other products...
read more



juniper gulch ranch solar
by oogie | aug 13, 2020 | solar energythe project to add a grid-tied solar array to the house site up at juniper gulch ranch is almost complete. final inspections should be today and then swapping the meter for the net meter maybe even as soon as tomorrow. we hadn't really planed on doing this project...
read more



hungry sheep
by oogie | aug 12, 2020 | black welsh mountain sheepour pastures are now functioning as exercise lots. there is no feed to speak of in them so we are putting hay bales out for the sheep to eat. we've done this before during drought and the increased fertilizer from the sheep eating in a concentrated area has improved...
read more



garden bounty
by oogie | aug 10, 2020 | farming lifei have a black thumb. i have been known to kill plants easily. however this year my stepdad is staying up here and he always has a garden so we're doing one too. it's been a wild success, lots of peppers and tomatoes and even a large batch of peas not to mention the...
read more



hay arriving
by oogie | aug 7, 2020 | general farmit's a bad year for hay with the drought so we are getting what we can when we can get it. this is a nice batch of grass/alfalfa mix hay that will be used to flush the ewes for breeding this winter. our goal is to go into winter with the barn full. we've stored hay...
read more


« older entries






 







designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 




















