



































    pioneer rv resort | phoenix, arizona 55 plus community
  













               


     home



  reservations



  rates



  pet guests



  things to do



  for sale


   new park models



  pre-owned park models



  rvs and miscellaneous





  about us


   contact us



  find us





  weather



  resources


   park map



  activities



  rv dump sites














    
 





       welcome to pioneer rv resort.arizona's premier 55+ resort community.


  
 we're a 55+ community. pioneer rv resort is more than just a place to rest for the night, it's a destination.  step back and plan on a change of pace as you walk through the resort's many nature paths, or into the natural desert trails. expect a warm welcome and a shared camaraderie with those who enjoy the park seasonally or year-round.   

request reservation




   something for everyone. there are plenty of options to keep your days busy, yet still retain your easy pace of life. envelop yourself with the comforts of neighborhood hospitality tucked away in this "must come back to" place.  make pioneer resort's rustic style and friendly smiles your arizona "welcome home" retreat.    

things to do





  
 first class amentities. enjoy our new and updated facilities during your stay with us. check out our new post office and multi purpose room, our vibrant social hall, outdoor sport courts, or enjoy a relaxing swim in our heated indoor year-round pool and jacuzzi. we think you'll like it here.   

amentities




   explore
 pioneer rv resort. you’ll find an indoor heated swimming pool, pickle ball courts, horseshoes, social lounge and more.  
      

  clubhouse lobby
our warm. comfortable lobby welcomes you when you arrive.





    

  sport courts
bocce ball and pickle ball courts for your enjoyment.





    

  motorhomes, park models & more
whatever rig you have, you'll feel at home at pioneer rv resort.
  

button












     quotesartboard 1




    
  "many wonderful residents live here. also many amenities. beautiful sunsets. decided to stay full time."
robert p.
  

button



 
  "the best 55+ rv resort in phoenix, great personnel, great rates, lots of spaces but they are going fast! this place has put in new pickle ball courts and new bocce ball courts are being put in as i speak! great place....check it out!!"
ned a.
  

button



 
  "this is a great place for 55+ to spend the winter!"
diane k.
  

button



 
  "wonderful location and very friendly park for rv's, 5th wheels, motor homes and park models. very well maintained and quiet with many amenities."
paul o.
  

button









    








      office hours

 winter season: october 15-april 15mon-fri 8am-5pmsat 8am-2pm

 summer season: april 16-october 14mon-fri 8am-4pmsat 8am-12﻿pm



    

36408 n black canyon hwyphoenix, az 85086toll free: 800-658-5895direct: 623-465-7465email:
pioneerrvllc@gmail.com     

 

 





  

 

aaa, military and 
first responder 
discounts available

  




    

  © 2025 
roles inn of america. all rights reserved.



















































































































  
  share by:








