ï»¿

directory of development organizations | welcome





































































































 












|












new 2020 edition! : create your own personal directory of development organizations. all files are enabled for web hosting with justhemes, so adding pointers and comments to the directory. learn more, by clicking "my directory".

welcome to the directory of development organizations 2020

the directory of development organizations, listing 70,000 development organizations, has been prepared to facilitate international cooperation and knowledge sharing in development work, both among civil society organizations, academic and research institutions, governments and the private sector.

the directory aims to promote interaction and active partnerships among governments, private sector and key development organisations in civil society, including ngos, trade unions, faith-based organizations, indigenous peoples movements, foundations and research centres. in creating opportunities for dialogue with governments and private sector, civil society organizations are helping to amplify the voices of the poorest people in the decisions that affect their lives, improve development effectiveness and sustainability and hold governments and policymakers publicly accountable.

in particular, the directory is intended to provide a comprehensive source of reference for development practitioners, researchers, donor employees, and policymakers who are committed to good governance, sustainable development and poverty reduction, through: the financial sector and microfinance, trade and business development services, rural development and appropriate technology, private sector development and policy reforms, legislation & rule of law and good governance, community development and social protection, gender equality and participation, environment and health, research, training and education.

as part of the collective effort to meet the millennium development goals by 2015, the year of microcredit provided an opportunity for the international community to raise awareness about the importance of microfinance in eradicating poverty, and to enhance existing programmes that support sustainable, inclusive financial sectors worldwide. in essence, microfinance offers each day the possibility and hope to many poor people of improving - through their own efforts - their household economic welfare and well-being and enterprise stability and growth. therefore, in this 2020 edition, microfinance actors and practitioner organizations have been marked by [m], integrating microfinance institutions and their enabling environment into one directory.

this cutting-edge publication -- eleventh edition -- will give you hundreds (thousands) of useful sites where you can find the statistics, reports, regulations, best practices and other key information you need...when you need it. this time-saving tool includes a country finder index and annotates each organization by category, so you'll know from the start whether an organization is worth visiting. its internet resources will point you in the direction of the best development resources available in each country on the world wide web today.

please note:


for easier referencing, the directory has been divided into 6 geographical sections: africa, asia and the middle east, europe, latin america and the caribbean, north america, and oceania.

for each of the regions contacts have been annotated by the following 9 categories: (1) international organizations; (2) government institutions; (3) private sector support organizations (including fairtrade); (4) finance institutions; (5) training and research centres; (6) civil society organizations; (7) development consulting firms (including references to job opportunities and vacancy announcements); (8) information providers (development newsletters/journals); and, (9) grantmakers.

the directory can be used in a variety of ways... by researchers, consultants and other development practitioners searching for up-to-date institutional information for a particular country; by trainers using the directories as a reference tool for their training programmes; by organizations trying to identify possible project partners; by individuals looking to identify possible employers; by funders seeking grantees; by grantees in search of funders; or by organizations aiming at identifying those institutions, agencies and programmes which are dedicated to providing resources, products and services to their members.









to top











































































 recommended sites:
























































































please visit frequently asked questions for further information.






© copyright 2000-2020  •  disclaimer  •  design by seacoast web design







