







earl turner - the ultimate showman


















































































 skip to content









calendermedianewsphotosvideosbio 








storejoin earls fan clubcalendermedianewsphotosvideosbio 








storejoin earls fan club









loading...























































earl turnerearl turner2024-04-30t13:05:07-07:00



 
the man himself…
earl turner is truly the ultimate showman who does it all. he’s a singer, songwriter, musician, dancer, and storyteller. in a recent performance, he was billed as ‘las vegas’ most electrifying performer. from the start, audiences and critics loved earl’s act; an act made up, he says, “of songs that people can relate to, songs of any genre, i really like music that’s fun.” earl has received numerous awards, including the las vegas review journal’s ‘male vocalist of the year’ award. don’t miss an opportunity to see earl turner live!








earl turner day is officialin the presence of friends and family, i was humbled and honored to be recognized by the city of las vegas. it’s hard to describe the feelings of gratitude for the city i have considered home for over 30 years. my thanks to the city of las vegas for this extraordinary honor! and to all the people who have supported me through the years, thank you!




2023 viva awardearl has done it again by being a 2023 viva recipient! the vegas icon visionary award recognizes performance artistry in live music for future generations. earl’s talent and stewardship exemplify the award, and he could not be a more worthy recipient.”












the 29th silver state awards
best of the best awardsi am pleased to announce that i won entertainer of the year! i’m incredibly grateful for all those who voted for me. this is truly an honor i will cherish. thank you. i appreciate your help!




in the news
april 28, 2024 / review: earl tuner – “nuthin but the funk” at myrons at the smith center / broadway world
june 15, 2023 / a candid conversation about juneteenth, the black experience, and the next generation / las vegas weekly
september 21, 2022 / earl turner talks about life, cruising and selling out myron’s at the smith center / broadway world
january 10, 2022 / vote earl turner for 2022 silver state awards “best entertainer” / silver state
january 5, 2022 / earl turner signs exclusively with nyk/rapp enterprises / nykrapp




feel the energy of one of the most electrifying entertainers of our lifetime
see him live! 




the earl turner experience














 
 





 
media bio store contact earl 

 

 
 
 





		 copyright © 2025 earl turner - all rights reserved	


facebooktwitteryoutubeinstagram
 
 
 
 


 
 






 




x

 
























































































































































