




minnesota ground water association































 

minnesota ground water associationwelcome to mgwathe minnesota ground water association (mgwa) is a non-profit, volunteer organization which promotes public policy and scientific education about groundwater.

mgwa spring conference call for abstracts

“minnesota’s hydrologic future: fractures, fens, and flow demands” 
mgwa’s spring in-person conference will be held on may 1 at the minnesota landscape arboretum. the conference will focus on the current science of the intersection of surface and groundwater flow, primary and secondary flow regimes and economic demands on our groundwater systems.
the conference organizers are seeking expert speakers related to the surface and subsurface effects realized across the state resulting from our unique hydrogeologic settings.  
subjects include, but are not limited to, carbonate fens, karst or driftless water quality impacts and improvement projects, fracture predictions and modeling, economic and municipal use demands, and deep bedrock aquifer-specific quantity and quality case studies.
interested in presenting? we’d love to hear from you. submit your abstract here. 

2025 gil gabanski college scholarships available!
the minnesota ground water association (mgwa) and the mgwa foundation (mgwaf) are pleased to announce the continuation of the gil gabanski scholarship to support and encourage undergraduate and graduate students in groundwater science-related fields. 
multiple $2,000 scholarships will be awarded this year to undergraduate and graduate students enrolled at accredited colleges or universities in minnesota or adjoining states or provinces. 
the goal of this scholarship is to alleviate a portion of educational costs and provide mentorship, while also increasing student interest in groundwater-related professions. the gabanski student scholarships are made in honor of gil gabanski, the co-founder and former president of the minnesota ground water association. gil had a profound impact on the groundwater and geosciences communities in minnesota. he helped build our organization to what it is today and was always passionate about helping and mentoring students.
the deadline for the 2025 scholarship was january 31. we are no longer accepting applications for the gil gabanski college scholarships. thanks to all that applied!


t minus 26 days until the 2024 fall mgwa conference! have you registered yet?
and speaking of our amazing upcoming conference, sponsorship opportunities are available starting at $500. lots of awesome benefits. contact office@mgwa.org for more information. https://www.mgwa.org/conferences/conference-registration/

future of drinking water

provide input on minnesota’s roadmap to ensure safe and sufficient drinking water into the future
minnesota has an outstanding record of providing safe drinking water for customers on public water systems. yet, there are risks and gaps to address so that everyone, everywhere in minnesota has safe and sufficient drinking water.  the draft minnesota drinking water action plan names key risks and gaps and proposes strategies to address them. risks and gaps include limited protections for private well users, a shrinking drinking water workforce, as well as emerging risks from contaminants, pathogens and climate change. the minnesota department of health (mdh) coordinated the development of the plan, incorporating expertise and feedback from water professionals, state and local governments, researchers, and minnesotans who drink water.
mdh invites you to review the plan and provide feedback by october 17.
the plan, information sheet, and feedback form are at future of drinking water.
mgwa in-person fall conference registration is open!
groundwater resilience in the upper midwest: sustainability vision 2050
november 19th, 8am-4pm
heritage center, brooklyn center
conference page with information and registration link.


 about mgwa

mgwa publishes a groundwater newsletter and sponsors two conferences each year on timely issues concerning policy and scientific aspects of groundwater. learn more about membership.

 newsletter

the mgwa newsletter provides coverage of industry news, technical articles and events of interest to the groundwater community.

 mgwa foundation

the foundation funds projects to educate the general public regarding ground water resources. donations are gladly accepted.

 read our newsletter


become a member today 






home
about mgwa
newsletter
mgwa foundation
white papers
conferences
calendar
board minutes
employment
education committee
online ordering
links
members area
contact mgwa

member’s area
the membership directory is available for members in the members area.

mgwa foundation
mgwa foundation funds projects to educate the general public about groundwater resources. donations are gladly accepted.

search the site

copyright © 2025 · minnesota ground water association · created by mgwa
