



and i believe in reinvention — livejournal
























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































binx_349
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














binx_349







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement






and i believe in reinventiondo you believe that life is holding the clue?



previous 10

jan. 30th, 2012
i said i was going to post more, right?



location: united kingdom, birmingham
mood:   lazy
music: skins 6x02 "rich"

people who follow me on twitter are probably well aware of the ongoing saga of emma vs the commute.i am a creeper-magnet. it is known. if it isn't a blood covered drunk whining to me about how he'll "rip apart the fuckers who hurt [him] when he's off the drink", it's the guy who sings about britannia and roundhouse kicks the bus hand-bars, or the one who thinks that laughing makes you a bitch and need to be yelled at. there was a guy this one time i saw eating his bus ticket. he holds a special place in my memory... today brought a large, angry, horny asian man. possibly not so much of a shock given i was in the chinese quarter at the time, and it's a really dodgy area, but i've walked it many times before without being yelled at in proposition. "sex. sex?! i want the pussy," is a new one in terms of come-ons. me in my approximately a bazillion layers of wool, and coworker in her hijab? possibly the most unlikely prostitutes ever.tags: birmingham, commute, crazy-magnet, work
posted at 10:52 pm | link | leave a comment | 6 comments | share | flag

jan. 13th, 2011
book drive |



mood:   sore

stealing this (as quite a few have) from kajivar to keep on spreading the word. i figured this was the best reason ever to break my lack of posting.a friend has lost everything, including an extensive library, in the queensland floods in australia.a book drive is being organized to help her replace as many as the books as we can. she's having other needs (for herself and her kitties) taken care of at the moment, but her books meant a lot to her.i know i have a lot of book lovers on my flist, so if you have some you were considering getting rid of, or if you know where you can pick up some used books and are willing to donate them, please check out the link and see if you can find any on her list.my village went 10ft under a few years ago, and that was awful enough (and our house even escaped the worst of it). it's up to eight times that out in qld. any support will be immensely appreciated.tags: fandomhigh, floods
posted at 11:27 pm | link | leave a comment | 2 comments | share | flag

dec. 2nd, 2010
(no subject)



location: birmingham, united kingdom
mood:   awake

oh my god it's cold, guys. we dun do extremes of weather in this country, and i have been freezing my ass off for days, even while indoors. i got spoiled the last few weeks getting driven into work (long story involving knee dislocation and ongoing fuckery with my ability to walk), and i started getting buses again this week making it the worst timing ever.so cold. so icy. ugh.new job is both awesome and seems to suck all my time and energy. i'm hoping i get into the swing of it for real soon and stop wanting it to be naptime the moment i get home. thing with it is, when i'm at work with this job, i'm actually -working- and not slacking off and fitting a bit of reading and a bit of rp into my workday like i did at previous jobs. when i'm not busy digging through patient records for my research project (and let me tell you, that takes a ridic length of time for what it is since to get one eensy detail you have to sift through a tonne of someone's medical notes and find out far more than you ever wanted/needed to know), i'm working on my qualification, or helping to run clinics and i can't be a lazy ass in front of patients. woe.what is less sad for me is that i'm getting paid pretty freaking decently for this considering i'm still in training and it's a job that actually interests me to the point i don't feel like i'm going to die of bored without the ability to faff on the internet.all is good.tags: am aliiive, knee, owowow, work
posted at 09:33 pm | link | leave a comment | 1 comment | share | flag

mar. 11th, 2010
skins | 4x07 | effy



mood:   boggled

( what the-- cut for spoilers and afjsdjdcollapse )tags: effy, fandom, freddie, skins, wtf
posted at 11:18 pm | link | leave a comment | 3 comments | share | flag

feb. 27th, 2010
skins | 4x05 | "freddie"



location: birmingham, england
mood:   dorky
music: creatures of habit - judith owens

my thoughts on this episode really couldn't be contained in just a few words, so you're getting spam while i try to re-organise some characterisation in my head to pull in what i know now. obviously image-heavy and complete with spoilers ho, and dark subject matters.( skins - 4x05: 'freddie'collapse )( and on to the 'unseen': 'don't give me that silent shit. i know you can talk.'collapse )tags: effy, i should make an rp filter, skins, spam, tv
posted at 10:08 pm | link | leave a comment | 4 comments | share | flag

feb. 19th, 2010
"i'm katie fucking fitch, who the fuck are you?"



location: birmingham
mood:   curious

it's been a while since you've got any tv rambling from me, but by god are you getting some today.( cut for spoilers. plus babble about skinscollapse )... and i should really go to bed. still feel like craaap and have work tomorrow. sigh.tags: babble, effy, i should make an rp filter, skins, tv
posted at 01:55 am | link | leave a comment | 9 comments | share | flag

jan. 23rd, 2010
(no subject)



location: gloucestershire
mood:   calm

okay, so i haven't updated in... well, months. i am still alive, but so rarely check my flist these days. i don't even know why, because i am around and online. a lot because i'm bored and unemployed as of a couple of weeks ago.i do have another interview on monday however, so, maybe not bored and unemployed for much longer. i hope. really really.anyway. forcing myself to update via meme, because otherwise i would fail at words and content. i am lame.rp meme: ( stolen from the flistcollapse )tags: am aliiive, i should make an rp filter, meme
posted at 01:16 am | link | leave a comment | 6 comments | share | flag

aug. 27th, 2009
(no subject)


i have been absolutely horrible at both checking my flist or updating this journal lately. um. oops.partially because i have been mostly crazy dull, or away, and when i haven't been crazy dull or away, i've been dealing with family sadness, which sucks and you all shouldn't have to read me talk about that any more than you already do if you're following me on twitter. also partially because i seem to be getting sidetracked by other online things a lot lately.but!  getting back into the swing with good stuff i hope, starting with saturday, when my parents are coming up for a bbq and i do believe we are getting a new kitten (name is tentatively paige) and so, i show off what i already have elsewhere, but awww.( kitty!collapse )tags: am aliiive, kitteh, that real life thing
posted at 11:14 am | link | leave a comment | 5 comments | share | flag

may. 5th, 2009
spam time.



location: birmingham, uk
mood:   ill
music: hey ya - obediah parker

i'm bored with revision and i feel pretty rough today, so distraction. which in this case, means mini photospam time! i haven't done this in a while. too much work, too little decent internet, etc.anyway. this time we've got fandom related, avant garde photography, pretty views, and... other things that simply entertain me. la.( a little bit of everything, all rolled into onecollapse )and now, i go back to studying for my finals. t minus two weeks. d: d:tags: bored, photo, spam
posted at 04:42 pm | link | leave a comment | 15 comments | share | flag

apr. 9th, 2009
fandomhigh


okay. before i forget. it's that time again! fandomhigh summer applications are open!the fact velocityofsound talked me into this game three and a half years ago and i'm still there has to say something, right? something good.from the extra encouragement side i can but point you at a couple of recent shoutouts of love. gremlins, and zombies and voodoo. we've had a busy couple of weeks.i know i still have a few roleplayers and fic writers on my flist who i haven't tried to drag into this awesome crack yet! *tempts to the dark side*(one day i will have a life worthy of a real update.)tags: fandomhigh, i should make an rp filter, pimping, shameless promotion
posted at 04:15 pm | link | leave a comment | 5 comments | share | flag


previous 10









recent entriesarchivefriendsprofile


january 2012



s
m
t
w
t
f
s


1234567

891011121314

15161718192021

22232425262728

293031    



links


read it.geek it.love it.live it.believe it.keep it.


tags


after tomorrowaliasam aliiiveam aliveamsterdamanti-emobabblebad thingsbandwaggonbbcbirminghambirthdaybonesboredbridesmaidbsgcancercheerchristmascindy mackenziecommutecrazy-magnetcsidavid attenboroughdcdead like medelusionsdirrrtydiydoctor whoearthquakeeartquakeseast 17edinburgheeweffyemma is easily amusedemma is laaaameemma is lameeurovisionexamsfandomfandom highfandomhighfanficfangirlingficfloodingfloodsfratellisfreddiefriendsfundraisinggbpgeekoutgiggilmore girlsgraghgreysgrissom/sarahappyholesholidayhollyhomehousei should make an rp filteri should really make an rp filterillinternetinternetsislandjennifer garnerjensen acklesjetsetkissykittehkneekuala lumpurlandlordlaptoplife craplife junklostluke/lorelaimah housemalaysiamememicheal vartanmilieuxmmm radioactivitymoviesmusicmy awesome mummy connection issuesmy special ocdneed moar distractionnewsoddomgomgknifeour neighborsowowowowpaintpartypatrick fluegerperhentianpetspgphotophotospimpingplanspoliticsquoterace for liferamblerandomreality tvredangrichard hammondrpsave me from my social lifescooby dooshameless promotionshawn farellskinssleepysocksspamspoilers zomgstormsstrictly come dancingstuffstupid thingssummersupernaturalthat real lifethat real life thingthe 4400the cwtina majorinotop geartvtwilighttwittertwlightunivengaboysvmway too much time on my handsweatherwebblockerwhingingworkwtfwtf lifeytdaw


page summary


i said i was going to post more, right?book drive |(no subject)skins | 4x07 | effyskins | 4x05 | "freddie""i'm katie fucking fitch, who the fuck are you?"(no subject)(no subject)spam time.fandomhigh


syndicate

  


powered by livejournal.com


 






























