


bay area scanner recordings






 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close


  
  







 




bay area scanner recordings


nice little chase by chp
in contra costa county 

here is the audio i
recorded last night of the search for the perps 
police seek robbers who shot cop in face 
east palo alto -- three swat teams swarmed an east palo alto neighborhood
early saturday morning hunting for two of three men wanted after a mountain
view police officer was shot in the face friday night.
the officer was shot as he pursued the three men on a wild car chase
up central avenue after they robbed a carl's jr. and the bay food mart
at 209 and 235 east middlefield road in mountain view. despite his wound,
the officer continued to pursue the robbers.
the officer's gunshot wound was not thought to be life-threatening and
he was being treated at stanford medical center, police said.
the name of the wounded officer was not released friday.
the three men, identified as white by police, continued firing at police
as they drove through mountain view and caused an accident at san antonio
and middlefield roads.
the officer's car died during the chase on central avenue after bullets
hit it.
the gunmen fled onto highway 101 and exited at university avenue in
east palo alto. they crashed the isuzu rodeo they were driving at university
avenue and donahoe street.
the man in custody friday night called police on a cell phone and said
he wanted to surrender.
authorities said it was unclear whether the armed men were wanted in
connection with a spree of bank robberies over the past month and a brinks
heist in san mateo friday morning.
one of the gunmen was wearing a ski mask, police said.
mountain view police called the california highway patrol for help at
9:56 p.m. friday after the shooting.

here
is some of the intial traffic between the vessel and uscg 
man arrested as search continues for man overboard sunday, 27-oct-2002
10:40am 
the san francisco police has arrested a man on suspicion of murder this
morning after he fought, and then threw, a man over the railing of a "booze
cruise'' ship and into the dark waters off hunter's point.
the chances of the swimmer's survival are getting slimmer as a u.s.
coast guard ship continues to search nearly eight hours after responding
to the initial report of a man overboard at 11:30 p.m. saturday.
the coast guard has said the man can survive for nearly nine hours in
the 57-degree-fahrenheit waters, an estimate that takes into account the
fact that the 30-year-old victim had a few drinks, was not wearing a life
jacket, but does know how to swim.
it does not, however, take into account that the man may have been injured
during the fight, according to coast guard petty officer carl hausner.
a coast guard helicopter, which arrived on the scene at midnight, stopped
searching at 4 a.m. but will return at first light, said hausner. the original
boat on the scene, a 41-foot utility boat, has meanwhile been replaced
by the tern, an 87-foot coast guard cutter.
"hopefully this guy made it,'' said police inspector sergio chin,
who is leading the investigation. he also had the difficult job of escorting
the victim's sobbing girlfriend off the boat and into a waiting patrol
car.
chin is releasing little information but has already interviewed the
suspect, a 27-year-old man who eyewitnesses say is bald, around six feet
tall and wearing a gray jacket and blue jeans. "he looked very agro,''
meaning aggressive, said one observer.
the police found several witnesses to the fight after meticulously interviewing
and writing down contact information for all 270 people aboard the royal
princess, a cruise ship that departed from pier 43-1/2 at the fisherman's
wharf earlier that night.
"witnesses say the suspect threw the victim overboard,'' confirmed
chin, who would not say how the fight started or whether the victim was
already injured when he hit the water.
chin did say, however, that no one saw the victim after he was thrown
overboard, even though the captain of the royal princess circled the area
several times.
the fight happened during an alleged "booze cruise,'' a nighttime
boat tour that attracts young partygoers with easy-access bars and multiple
dance floors. no one was available for comment at the red and white fleet,
the family-owned business that owns the royal princess and has been running
ferries and tourist boats in the bay since 1892.
the coast guard says it will search until at least noon today and that
its search area is expanding with time and moving south along with the
currents.
the man may be difficult to spot in the water because he was wearing
jeans and a gray shirt, according to the coast guard's hausner. "it's
very difficult to spot a person at night with dark clothes.''

high-speed police pursuit
ends in drainage ditch 
the california highway patrol reports that a man
was sent to the hospital this morning after leading police in a 100-mph-plus
pursuit that ended in a drainage ditch near the antioch bridge. police
first attempted to pull over the four-door honda at 1:07 a.m. today after
it sped through a stop sign in pittsburg, police say. police chased the
car as it roared down state highway 4 at speeds over 100 mph and eventually
headed across the san joaquin river on the antioch bridge. shortly after
reaching the other side of the bridge, however, the car crashed through
a fence and overturned in a drainage ditch near the sherman island road
exit, police say. the driver apparently tried to flee but ended up flailing
around in the murky waters of a drainage ditch until police pulled him
out, dried him off and sent him to the hospital for unspecified injuries.
police were unable to confirm reports that the vehicle was stolen. rosswehner0421a09/23/02


here is some audio of
the blue angels when they were in the bay area 

audio of 911 call
to sfpd dispatch from chp and then audio from event prior to fatal tc

police release dispatch tape from deadly crash 
officer jon cook died in a car accident last week.
police have just released the haunting sounds on tape of the panic following
last week's fatal crash between two san francisco police cruisers.
"we've got officers down! we've got officers down! 17th and dolores,"
an officer says frantically. "we've just been in a major 7-19."
two squad cars were chasing after a domestic assault suspect when they
collided at the intersection of 17th st. and dolores in san francisco.
officer jon cook, 38, died in the accident. three other officers were injured.
prosecutors have not ruled out charging the assault suspect, monte haney,
with cook's death. 



click to subscribeto
bayscan 
i will try and post anychp
or other pursuit's that i happen to tape on this site in a wav format.i
am using scanner recorder as the program since it has vox and will also
record in format that will allow for smaller files. 
 
 
.........latest chases.........

this
is pretty funny about booking a person with one leg :) 
nice
chase in napa into vallejo 
nice
chase by contra costa sheriff's department on 4/30/02 
the
chp part of the chase communications from the blue frequency 
04.22.02 san francisco (ap) -- a man avoiding a traffic stop led
chp officers on a chase around the bay area at speeds as high as 110 miles
per hour this morning. 
the chase started around 12:40 am in sunnyvale, went up to san francisco,
then back through daly city and san jose, and finally over to san ramon.

chp officers bumped the fleeing car and stopped it around 2:15 this
morning. 
the unidentified man was then arrested. no word yet on why he fled
the traffic stop for speeding. 
no one was hurt in the early morning chase. 
 
some
u2 traffic with oakland center 
9th reconnaissance wing professionals providing america the world's
finest high-altitude reconnaissance. . . anytime, anywhere the 9th reconnaissance
wing is responsible for providing national and theater command authorities
with timely, reliable, high-quality, high-altitude reconnaissance products.
to accomplish this mission, the wing is equipped with the nation’s fleet
of u-2 reconnaissance aircraft and associated support equipment. the wing
also maintains a high state of readiness in its combat support and combat
service support forces for potential deployment in response to theater
contingencies. organized along the lines of the air force’s objective wing
structure, the 9th reconnaissance wing is composed of more than 3,300 personnel
in four groups at beale and at four overseas operating locations 
 
good chase in solano county last night. nice speeds of 110 mph and
some assistance by chp helicopter. 
click
here to listen 
patient
information of a transport by calstar 
patient
being transported after shooting in vallejo on 5/20 via reach 
 
if you are interested in obtaining
a copy of all the audio files from the 9/11 incident on a cd rom just contact
me and i will send one to you. 
e-mail me at bayscan@attbi.com

radio traffic documents final moments
in wtc 
 
 
there is still the audio i recorded from 9/11/01 on newsday
site if you want to listen to it there go to this url: 
http://www.newsday.com/news/local/newyork/ny-tapesgallery.htmlstory

there is also the audio i recorded that day posted at firehouse.com

 
click
on this link to go to firehouse.com where my files are posted 
please note that these files can be disturbing to listen to... 
initial
communications from the nyfd during wtc incident 
initial call. collapse of first tower.

initial
communication from nypd emergency services and nyfd 
here are the links for the story on the above
recording:: 
story on msnbc 
kron
video 
newsday
article with sound files 
abc
story 
kpix
story 
excerpts of 911 log on sept. 11 reveal unfolding terror
the associated press published: oct 1, 2001 
new york (ap) - the 911 entries started at 8:47 a.m.
with the words "bldg explosion." incident no. 0727 quickly unfolded
as a diary of terror, as call after desperate call rolled in from the world
trade center. excerpts from the log of the dispatcher for the fire department's
emergency management service were published sunday in the daily news.

the entries were published much as they appeared when
they flashed on the computer screen sept. 11. the time of each call is
noted, and messages are abbreviated. mc stands for male caller, fc for
female caller, sts for "states." 
08:50:12 mc sts plane just flew into worl trade center--poss
commercial airplane. 
then the calls began pouring in from one world trade
center. 
08:56:44 mc sts he is on the 87 flr-sts 4 person there
w him-sts there is fire. 
08:57:26 people screaming in background-sts cannot
breathe--poss smoke coming thru door-flr 103...trapped. 
09:04:50 mc-sts 103 flr-can't get out-fire on flr...people
getting sick 
a report from the police aviation unit came in, saying
people were falling from the building. 
the dimensions of the disaster suddenly grew.

09:07:51 second plane hit the second building ... unk
extent of inj. 
09:09:14 mc states 2wtc--people are jumping out of
the side of a lrg hole--poss no one catching them. 
09:02:18 mc sts on 106 flr about 100 people in room-need
directions on how to stay alive. 
09:17:39 mc sts on 105 flr...stairs collapse

09:36:33 fc sts they are stuck they are stuck in the
elevator...sts they are dying. 
09:47:15 fc sts 2 world trade center--flr105--sts floor
underneath her--collapse. 
09:49:21 1 world trade ctr...20 people on the top waving...they
are alive please send help. 
10:00:34 world trade center has collapsed.

suddenly all calls from that building ended. calls
from the north tower continued. 
10:12:35 mc sts he can barely breathe...105th flr

the calls ended at 10:33 a.m. as abruptly as they had
begun, with a horrifying final note: "entire tower down."

ap-es-10-01-01 1650edt 
 
 
 
here
is the final part of the communications by swat from the stand off

man kills grandson then self march 31, 2002 -- 
the windsor police department said a 71-year-old man allegedly shot
and killed his teenage grandson today before apparently turning the gun
on himself following a four-hour standoff at a mobile home park. carl donahoe
of windsor killed himself just before 4 p.m., said windsor police chief
david sederholm. 
sonoma county sheriff's department lt. matt mccaffrey said donahoe called
a county dispatcher at about 11:57 a.m. to report that he had shot and
killed his grandson and that he was planning on taking his own life. 
neighbors said donahoe lived in the double-wide mobile home with his
wife, pat, and their 18-year-old grandson, jesse. pat donahoe was reportedly
playing bingo in hopland in mendocino county when the shooting occurred,
mccaffrey said. 
law enforcement officers responded to the scene at the royal mobile
manor mobile home park at 6555 old redwood highway, and took up positions
around the mobile home while making intermittent contact with donahoe.
meanwhile, residents of the neighborhood were forced to evacuate. 
chief sederholm said authorities last spoke with donahoe at about 3:40
p.m. and that he was clearly distraught. donahoe asked for more time so
that he could calm down, sederholm said, and told authorities to call him
back in about 10 minutes. 
just minutes before 4 p.m., however, authorities heard a single gunshot,
sederholm said. a special weapons and tactics team that had taken up positions
around the home lobbed two flash-bang diversionary devices inside the mobile
home and rushed in through the main entrance. 
the home then caught fire and firefighters responded to the scene to
douse the blaze. 
sederholm said that donahoe killed himself. both his body and the corpse
of his grandson remain in the burned mobile home. 
the motive for the shooting remains under investigation. 
neighbor charlotte duffy described the older man as "really friendly,
friendly as he could be." 
"he's just as nice as pie," she said. 
duffy said that when she heard a single gunshot around noon, she thought
it was a firecracker. 
neighbor sean barry, 19, said that both grandfather and grandson worked
at wal-mart until jesse quit a couple of months ago. he said donahoe worked
as a door greeter at the store and that jesse used to work as a stockperson
and cart collector. 
mccaffrey said the sheriff's department has never been called to the
suspect's home in past. 
 
nice
chase in san mateo county on 3/05 
sunday
morning oes radio test on 154.220-10:00 am pst 
 
communications
received on 271.000 am in the bay area 
 
some
interesting surveilance communications in the bay area.. 
i dont want to list the frequency this took place on for security reasons.

 
short
chase in santa clara but vehicle rolls over 
 
shooting
in vallejo on 1/21 then major crowd problems 
 
this
is the san jose pd part of the chase 
nice
chase in the bay area tonight, 01/16/02-this is the second part with the
chp 
100-mile chase to catch stolen car email story to a friend (livermore-ap)
-- highway patrol officers got a scenic tour of the san francisco bay area
last night before finally arresting a man suspected in the theft of an
suv. san jose police say the 100-mile chase began when a stakeout team
watching two stolen cars parked at a motel moved in. one man was captured
immediately. a second man jumped into a new ford explorer and took off.

police officers began chasing the vehicle -- then turned the chase over
to the chp when the car headed north on highway 101. the driver crossed
the bay bridge and headed east on interstate 580. he finally was stopped
just past livermore. 
jesse watson of morgan hill was booked early today for investigation
of evading arrest and possession of a stolen vehicle. 


911 services linda wertheimer talks with cameron smith, communications
manager for the san jose police department in california, about the calls
the department has been handling from people reporting suspicious packages.
(3:30) 
this
is the bol that went over the radio for this suspect 
 
every
year the san mateo sheriff's office does this funny bol for christmas,
this is the first part 
here
is the second part 
here
is the final part of the transmission 
radio
traffic from the chp on the scene of a jumper on the golden gate bridge
the other day 
nice
chase from redding pd on 11/21/01 
audio
from united flight 93 before crash on 9/11/01 
the part of the communications which is hard to understand is the highjacker
when he thought he was speaking on the aircrafts intercom system but was
stating "this is the captain speaking, we would like you to all remain
seated, there is a bomb onboard and we are returning to the airport"
but he was transmitting over the frequency 
there was a lot of attention drawn to the golden gate bridge after govenor
davis released information that a threat was made against it. there are
national guard in addition to the chp are now stationed at the bridge 24/7.



today, for the first time, jurors heard the 911 tapes from the branch
davidian compound the day of the government's initial raid on the religious
sect. the government was trying to serve an arrest warrant for david koresh
on firearms charges. the raid ended in the deaths of four federal agents
and six members of koresh's group. npr's wade goodwyn has the story. (4:15)

. 


i thought i would post a picture of my set up here, click in it for
a larger version. 
chp
observed one minute of radio silence in memory of those lost 
 
there were f15's watching over the skys here all along the california
coast since the incident in new york city. 
additional
military communications recorded in the bay area 
additional
military communications recorded on 09/12/01evening 
some
communications received on 282.600 am on 09/12/01 
there is a good amount of activity being received on 282.600 am due
to the recent events in new york city. during this recording you will also
heard them give out some other good frequencies to monitor. 
clickhere
to get scanner recorder, the software i use to record my files 


recordings of georgia executions 
stanley execution listen to a description of the july 12, 1984 execution
of ivon ray stanley in georgia. 
http://abcnews.go.com/sections/us/popoff/dailynews/010502executions_audio_popoff/index.html

interesting
audio of officer using taser on suspect, listen for her sreaming in the
background 
communications
from major accident in vallejo on 08/20/01 
major accident that occured on 08/20/01. the press
does not have anything posted about it yet but they had to bring in 4 choppers
for transport and had at least one fatality. ill post some images when
i get them. the communications starts off with the vallejo pd then i switch
to the fire frequency. i also put the radio on calcord when one of the
choppers was having trouble landing through the low clouds. 


some
cummincations between the coast guard chopper and station golden gate

unmanned boat found drifting near alameda, no passengers found in
search bcn6 -search 
the u.s. coast guard reports that a search for missing persons near
an 18-foot boat, which was found drifting south of the former alameda u.s.
naval air station on saturday, will restart this morning. according to
a spokesman, the coast guard has not yet received any reports of anyone
missing in connection to the boat found at around 8:50 p.m. saturday, but
crews plan to scour the area again today. 
dateline: sun aug 5 05:11:34 pdt 2001 
i
cant understand why there was activity on the old sfpd low band today 07/27/01

nice
chp chase on june 10th, this guy was going about 115 mph!!!! 
this
is something from the goveners office of emergency service i dont want
to hear anything soon!! 
another
nice chase sent to me i love the canine barking in the background 
vessel
sinking on june 8th 
a
weird bol for a san francisco police officer 
great
chase by contra costa county sheriff's department 
great
chase by redding pd sent my mike, failure to yeild and then wrong way

rescueof
body in san francisco bay 04/29/01 
thisis
a very funny 911 call regarding a taco, yes that's right i said taco...



nicechase
in vallejo on 04/11/01 
vallejo officer reportedly shot in high speed pursuit 2001-04-11

(kcbs) ­ an officer and suspect have apparently been shot duringa
high speed pursuit in vallejo. 
kcbs listener robert patel saw it happen. he told kcbs anchor rebeccacorral
that the chase started somewhere south of vallejo. patel said thesuspect
may have been going more than 80 miles per hour along eastboundinterstate
80, when he exited onto admiral callaghan lane in vallejo.patelsaid, once
the suspect exited, he hit a parked car. both cars flipped over.thesuspect
then reportedly got out of his vehicle and shot an officer. patelsaid another
officer fired at the suspect, hitting him in the head. patelsaid the suspect
was transported to sutter medical center. the officeris being treated on
the scene.no word yet on the condition of the suspect.the officer’s wounds
are not believed to be life threatening.admiral callaghanlane is currently
closed between redwood and tennessee streets. 
chpair
unit catching speeders in marin 
clickhere
to view video and hear 911 tapes 
the dramatic tapes show the speeding truck as it crashed into the southsteps
of the capitol building and burst into flames.the highway patrolalso released
911 tapes of frantic calls made to and from dispatchers thatnight.chp personnel
inside the capitol can be heard calling for assistanceand ordering evacuations.the
driver of the big rig has been positivelyidentified as a mentally ill former
prison inmate. 
watch the video, hear the tapes the sacramento county coroner's officehas
notified the wife of 37-year-old michael bowers that he was the driverwhose
charred remains were pulled from the wreckage.police have determinedthat
bowers was acting alone.he was not killed instantly, as had been assumed.thecoroner's
office says that he did not die of a massive head injury or othertrauma.medical
examiners still are trying to determine whether he was killedin the inferno
that followed tuesday's crash. 
clickhere
to listen to this interesting recording 
here is a very interesting recording i came across of the nationalwarning
system's system during the 1989 quake. 
national warning system transcript from 5:04 p.m.: october 17, 1989

the national warning system (nawas) connects the emergency servicesheadquarters
of the 50 states to fema's mt. weather, and various othermilitary and government
facilities. it was designed and maintained to alertthe states to a nuclear
attack. it is also used during major disasters,as heard in this five-minute
clip of the nawas recording. (requires realaudio) 
nicelittle
chase and foot bail in solano county 
audiofrom
alaska 261 crash 
here is an audio file of the communications from alaska flight 261 justbefore
it crashed into the pacifc ocean, its amazing to me how the pilotstill
maintained his composure during this event. 
use this linkto
listen to this chilling audio 
north hollywood bank robbery & shootout 
february 28, 1997 
listen to the police radio broadcasts from the incident 
here is a time-compressed recording of the north hollywood radio frequencythat
morning...quiet air time has been eliminated. it runs about 8 minutes.it
begins when patrol officers in unit 15a83, who had been flagged downby
a citizen, called in a "possible 211 (robbery) in progress."detective
unit 15w73 goes "code 6" (arrives) at the front ofthe bank almost
immediately, and 15l40, a patrol sergeant, also arrivesand broadcasts that
the suspects are armed with ak-47 assault rifles. (thisrecording differs
somewhat from the "9-1-1 magazine" transcript,which was taken
from tapes of several frequencies during the incident) 
someus
customs communications 
additionalus
customs communications 
nicejob
by star 1 in contra costa county finding a perp 
 
nicechase
in sf 
secondpart
of recording 
pair wanted for murder caught after s.f. chase gunfire-filled pursuitduring
evening rush 
a stripper and her boyfriend suspected in killings in two states werecaptured
in san francisco yesterday after trading gunfire with police ina rush-hour
chase across the city. 
`'they were all over the place. it was a wild west shootout with thecops,''
said police inspector sherman ackerson. 
the 15-minute chase ended on the embarcadero just north of pacific bellpark,
with 22-year-old joshua maxwell and 21-year-old tessie mcfarland,both of
indianapolis, surrounded by more than 20 officers. mcfarland wasshot in
the neck during the chase and was reported to be in stable conditionlast
night at san francisco general hospital. 
the two were trapped after running red lights, driving the wrong wayup
streets and shooting at police, who shot back. in all, dozens of roundswere
were fired as the pair weaved through crowded streets in a stolenpickup
truck. 
``i saw a bullet hit the cop's windshield,'' said witness lovick bouphaphah,19,
adding that the fleeing driver narrowly missed bystanders as he fledthe
police cruisers. ``they were running red lights, and they almost hitabout
five cars.'' 
fleeing driver `smiling' 
the driver of the truck, he said, appeared to be enjoying himself. ``hewas
smiling. he looked like he wasn't concerned at all that the cops werechasing
him.'' 
no bystanders were hurt. officer jesus pena was hit in the eyes by flyingglass
when a bullet shattered his car window. he was treated at st. francismemorial
hospital and released. 
the pursuit began at 4:39 p.m. when police on patrol near the hall ofjustice
at eighth and bryant streets saw a chevrolet silverado pickup truckrun
a red light. 
the new gold-colored pickup turned out to have been stolen from a sheriff'ssergeant
who was found bound and shot in the back of the head last weekin san antonio,
texas. 
the driver of the truck sped away, starting a chase that zigzagged throughthe
south of market area and the mission district, with the fleeing suspectsat
one point zooming the wrong way on seventh street. 
the truck made its way back to the hall of justice, where it clippedthe
building as it went by. 
``he obviously didn't know where he was going,'' said lt. judie pursellof
the homicide unit. 
mark brecke, 34, said he was coming out of a bank at fourth and brannanstreets
when he saw the pickup go by with two dozen police cars behind,the truck's
female occupant reloading a gun. 
``this is obviously not a red-light runner at lunch time,'` he said.

the pair eventually were cornered on the embarcadero near second street.police
blocked off streets until just before 8 p.m. while they picked upshell
casings that littered the south of market area. 
sought for questioning 
the chase came the same day that authorities in san antonio said maxwelland
mcfarland were being sought for questioning in the slaying of bexarcounty
sheriff's sgt. rudy lopes. 
lopes was 42 and had worked in the county jail for 15 years. his wifereported
him missing last week. his body was found in a drainage ditchbehind a mall
in san antonio. his truck and two of his guns were missing. 
mcfarland and maxwell had already been charged in indiana with murder,criminal
confinement, arson and theft in the death of 45-year- old robbybott, a
federal express employee who lived in brooklyn, ind., south ofindianapolis.
the car in which the two were believed to be traveling wasfound abandoned
in san antonio. 
met on chat line 
police capt. joel rush of speedway, a suburb of indianapolis, said bottmay
have met his killers through a telephone chat line advertised in publicationssent
to local strip clubs. 
mcfarland danced at brad's brass flamingo, an indianapolis club. policesaid
maxwell had been released from prison in january after serving timefor
burglary. 
``he has never had a job as far as we can tell,'' rush said. ``he'swhat
you call a sponge -- he found women that would just support him.'' 
mcfarland had worked at the club for about three months, said the generalmanager,
don noe. 
``i think they just went crazy,'' noe said. ``she was never really aproblem
when she worked for me. she was like a wild child -- she likedto go out
and party, but she always obeyed my rules. 
``i think she was led on by him,'' noe said. ``he just looked like thetype
that would do something, but not that bad.'' 
rush said maxwell and mcfarland met bott on sept. 11, the night beforehe
was killed. 
the couple came to bott's home, then went with him to a house in speedwaywhere
maxwell and mcfarland had been staying, police said. 
rush said bott's home was ransacked and he was forced to accompany thepair
on a spending spree, buying jewelry, clothes, lamps and even wastebaskets.

the next morning, authorities found his body stuffed in the trunk ofhis
burning car. he had been shot and strangled. 
``it was a robbery that went bad,'' rush said. ``they were trying totake
this guy for something, and something must have gone bad. 
``they basically set him up,'' rush said. 
police said they had no idea what led mcfarland and maxwell to headfor
san francisco. 
`'they are not world travelers,'' rush said. 
before fleeing the state, mcfarland left her 2-year-old son with hermother
in indianapolis, even signing over legal custody of the boy to herthe day
bott's body was found. 
rush welcomed the capture of the couple. ``i think it's great,'' hesaid.
``i wish we could have gotten to them sooner.'' 
chronicle staff writer tom zoellner contributed to this report. 
chpdispatcher
on the statewide frequency with an open mike :) 
chpair
working on speeders and also telling a very funny joke 
chpchopper
assiting in catching speeders in marin 
adispatcher
on the chp frequency warning the intruder of the penalties 
pirate hits albany, richmond police radios man taunts dispatchers,calls
in phony crime reports 
a radio pirate has broadened his invasion of police airwaves, expandingfrom
the berkeley police channel to include albany, richmond and californiahighway
patrol frequencies and using profanity to berate and taunt dispatchers.

so far, authorities have been stymied in their attempts to stop theillegal
transmissions, which began earlier this month with false reportsof crimes
and are now increasing in vitriol with obscenity-laced tiradesat dispatchers.

``before, he was just putting out these calls, but now he's really usingthe
radio to go off,'' said berkeley police lt. russell lopes. 
at 9 p.m. tuesday, a man on the main berkeley police channel reporteda
10-71, the police code for a shooting, providing a location using streetsthat
do not intersect, lopes said. 
a dispatcher recognized the voice from previous incidents and beganreading
off a prepared script demanding that he stop using the channelimmediately.
the rebuke, first read by dispatchers after a series of breachesby the
same man on december 14, only provoked an angry retort by the man. 
``b-- can't even read it right,'' he said when the dispatcher falteredat
one point. 
when the dispatcher warned him that his transmissions were being recordedand
passed on to the federal communications commission for possible prosecutionby
the u.s. attorney's office, he retorted defiantly: ``let them recordit.''

when the dispatcher finished, the man waited a few seconds and thensaid,
``what do all that mean? how many years am i facing, i want to know.''

the dispatcher directed officers to go to a secondary police channel.the
man said, ``well, i'll go to channel 2, too.'' he did not, however.there
were no further interruptions that night. 
the man similarly used obscenities to taunt chp dispatchers earliertuesday
when he invaded frequencies used by officers in san francisco andoakland,
said caryl wilson, a supervisor at the chp's communications centerin vallejo.

wilson said the incidents were mostly nuisances. but officers usinglights
and sirens to get to a perceived emergency ``run a risk of endangeringother
traffic,'' she said. 
``we all take our jobs very seriously,'' wilson said. ``we want to beproviding
the best public service we can. we hate to see risks taken unnecessarilyfor
the public, for officers and for ourselves.'' 
wilson said, however, that the more the man gets on the air, the greaterthe
chance he will be identified with the help of the fcc. 
``if he gives them enough, they'll track him,'' wilson said. 
on december 20, the man got on the berkeley channel and reported an11-99,
the police code for an officer needs help. when a dispatcher readthe warning,
he said, ``screw you, b--'' and ``if i get stopped, i'll smokehim,'' apparently
threatening harm to police. 
the man has also come on the air in berkeley on at least six other occasionsbeginning
on december 12. 
authorities have also reported similar intrusions by the man in albanyand
richmond. 
police say the occurrences are rare but that anyone with a fair knowledgeof
how radios operate could easily penetrate the ultrahigh frequenciesused
by many police agencies and the very high frequencies used by thechp. 
©1999 san francisco chronicle page a21 
 
my first scanner
recordings page 
 
my home page 
 
take a little tour of
my radio set up here 
  
  
  


 




robert sanford. 

click here to send me mail...













