



















best printer & copier repair service, and sales in naperville, plainfield, geneva, elgin, plano - kkc imaging systems










































homeabout uscontact usrequestcall today (630) 851-9822 
(630) 851-9822 menu

copiers & printersmoretoshiba office equipmentcanon office equipmentservers/pc's/phones/it servicessoftware solutionspreowned modelsmorepreowned black & whitepreowned colorpromotionsfaq 

“i have been associated with brian for 25 years. i have always found mr. olson to be knowledgeable, responsive, and forthright over the many years we have conducted business. i have minimal knowledge as related to the technical aspects of office equipment and have relied heavily on his expertise. he has yet to fail me.” - john, aurora il“i have been associated with brian for 25 years. i have always found mr. olson to be knowledgeable, responsive, and forthright over the many years we have conducted business. i have minimal knowledge as related to the technical aspects of office equipment and have relied heavily on his expertise. he has yet to fail me.” - john, aurora il“kkc is a great company to do business with. if you need a new copier or any type of office equipment, you should call brian. he, along with everyone there, is extremely helpful and knowledgeable. i wouldn't think of going anywhere else.” - cindy, aurora il 






office equipment
whatever your requirements, kkc is here to help you work more economically and efficiently. we offer a comprehensive range of products, from cost effective black and white printers to high-speed color mfps. we are a certified dealer for canon and toshiba products, enabling us to provide a vast array of solutions for any business environment.

view our office equipment products






preowned machines
different organizations often have various needs and budgets. if your business is looking for a dependable machine without the larger investment that purchasing new equipment entails, consider a preowned copier from kkc.

view our preowned b/w machines
view our preowned color machines






it solutions
your network controls how information flows through your business, how you reach the outside world, and how the outside world reaches you. we can provide efficient, secure, and reliable solutions for your network environment. anti-virus, spam filtering, online backup, 24/7 monitoring and help desk support, are only a fraction of the services we offer to keep your business environment up and running.

view our it solutions products






fast, friendly service is our number one goal
kopy kat copier, is a locally owned and operated document technology, hardware, software and services company with national reach. we pride ourselves with the pinpoint energy we put on you and your customers business. how your firm shares information and workflow is an extremely important facet of your organization’s operations. your company’s communications, whether it is electronic or paper based, is the vehicle that drives your business.
whether your needs range from a new multifunctional product (color or black and white), hp printer service or supplies, production rated equipment, management of your printer fleet under a cost per impression agreement, national / major accounts, workflow design, document management software, or even in house facility employees, we can make the difference you have been looking for. call kkc and understand why we have been satisfying our customers for over 30 years.
read more about us
 







canon black and white multifunctioncanon color multifunctioncanon discontinuedcanon fax machinescanon fine art/ photography/ proofing/ 11-colorcanon laser printercanon preowned black & whitecanon preowned colorcanon product signage/ infographics/ posters/ 8-colorcanon scannerscanon scanning solutionscanon technical documents/ general use/ signage/ 5-colorcanon wide format


toshiba black and white multifunctiontoshiba color multifunctiontoshiba preowned black & whitetoshiba preowned color
 
kkc imaging systems1550 n. farnsworth ave.aurora, il 60505 ph (630) 851-9822fx (630) 851-9855email kkcmail@kopykatcopier.comprivacy policy © copyright 2025 kkc imaging systems a division of kopy kat copier inc. all rights resevered
computer networking oakbrook il
computer repair naperville il
toner aurora il
 weblinx, inc. - chicago web design

 










