




































    
    real estate brokerage | rose realty | owensboro, ky
  
  












          


       property search


   mortgage calculator





  our agents



  about



  rentals



  contact








    get in touch
 555-555-5555mymail@mailservice.com





       






 



       


 
    property search


   mortgage calculator





  our agents



  about



  rentals



  contact






   

talk to agent








        welcome home!
﻿find a house for sale in owensboro, ky!

your perfect home is our priority, make it your priority as well
     

talk to agent


   

see all properties


 






    




    why choose us


    best properties in town


rose realty presents premier properties carefully selected by our agents. discover the finest options available and find the ideal property that meets your needs.

  passion for the work


our passion knows no bounds! real estate is our utmost pride. allow us to channel that enthusiasm into discovering the ideal home that will ignite your own passion.



    top tier realtors


our realtors were selected based on their expertise and experience. they are the finest in the market, ensuring that you can feel confident that you are in capable hands.

  personal dedication


discovering the ideal home for you takes commitment. commitment is our specialty. we’re available for you around the clock, and we won’t rest until we locate precisely what you seek.






    we have solutions for you


   for tenants
 view available rentals

looking for a single family home or an apartment to rent in owensboro, ky? check our available properties using the link below!
  

view rentals


 for landlords
 property management

renting out your property shouldn’t be hard. find the perfect tenant and protect your investment without your property remaining vacant for a long period of time.
  

contact us







    about us

    rose realty is owensboro's trusted real estate brokerage, serving owensboro for decades and providing the care and attention our clients deserve! we can't wait to meet you and your family!


   

about us







   



    what people say about us


    
  "we moved to owensboro from memphis and were having the worst of luck finding a rental property that were both pet friendly and carport equipped. we also don't have the best of credit. we drove around and happened upon a house in an area of town we liked and decided to give rose reality a call. even though it wouldn't be up for rent for another week, rose happily let us have the keys to check it out. we loved it, told her our situation and she was amazingly understanding. we're very happy with our new home here in owensboro. these guys are top notch. i'm only giving them five stars because i can't give them six."


  

jason j.



 
  "i have rented from her twice on bittle rd & my son rented from her as well, i think very highly of rose, she has been such a godsend to me & my sons. being a single mom, she really looked after us. ( thank you rose)  i miss living on bittle rd, good family get togethers. i miss living in a home with a back yard, maybe one day we rent from her again. 🌹 rose realtor, you can't go wrong. i give her (5) stars"


  

brenda b.



 
  "from her family, greatly experience in real estate, rose’s is another generation of greatly experienced real estate. you couldn’t get a better expert anywhere.."


  

tom









    








         office
 2315 frederica st
owensboro, ky 42301

270-926-4203


 email us
 roserealtyky@gmail.com





     © 2025 
all rights reserved | rose realty


website design by oddball creative

     

























































































































  
  share by:








