



home - fresno state








































by using this site, you agree to our updated privacy policy


i agree.



 
skip to main content
skip to main navigation
skip to footer content



you are in a modal window. press the escape key to exit.





close menu

quick links


 calendar
 canvas
 catalog
 directory
 email
 kennel bookstore
 library
 map
 my fresno state
 technology service desk
 zoom conferencing














fresno state

search
menu



 






 close

search












close menu



fresno state





future students
current students
alumni
employees
give
search
quick links 










home
about us
admissions 
academics
student life
research
athletics 
covid-19 





quick links


 calendar
 canvas
 catalog
 directory
 email
 kennel bookstore
 library
 map
 my fresno state
 technology service desk
 zoom conferencing









fresno state homepage


 

write your own success story.

pause video



 








300,000 over 300,000 bulldog alumni have graduated from fresno state.




no. 4 ranked no. 4 for social mobility among universities nationwide in the wall street
                              journal.




80% 80% of fresno state undergraduate students receive financial aid.









discover fresno state

 
               
               




academics




fresno state’s eight schools and colleges offer 74 undergraduate, 49 post-baccalaureate
                                 and three doctoral degree programs that emphasize hands-on learning experiences designed
                                 to prepare you for success after graduation.
explore our academic programs






athletics




fresno state athletics is the heart of our community. in the ninth most diverse city
                                 in the nation, everyone comes together under the swell of the red wave. show your
                                 bulldog pride by joining the biggest party in the valley.
get tickets now






admissions




when you attend fresno state, you join a community of nearly 24,000 students who call
                                 our campus home. explore all that the university has to offer by requesting an individual
                                 or group tour.
request a campus tour


















 being at fresno state, and going through all these different experiences in different
                                                communities, it has shown me that i can do this. i can see myself thriving.

 dawn parker | class of 2025











construction in progress
the central utility plant replacement is underway to modernize and maintain fresno
                              state’s central utility infrastructure system. click on the map for construction locations. see map





 


go inside go outside







gain clinical experience.






the 365,000-square-foot library is located at the heart of campus.






gain hands-on experience in campus labs.






meet fresno state’s furry live mascot, victor e. bulldog iv.






get involved on campus at the resnick student union.






18 varsity teams compete in ncaa division i.






students participate in cultural events on campus.










study endangered species in panoche hills.






conduct research with faculty at morro bay.






study species at sequoia national park.






engage in hands-on learning at the fresno chaffee zoo.






gain rich agricultural experience at the campus farm.






take field trips to the san joaquin river.






participate in local service opportunities.








 



news and events






latest news 
see all news


 
fresno state retains carnegie research classification in latest update
 


research continues to grow at fresno state, allowing students, faculty and staff to
                           advance scholarly and creative work that can benefit the campus and the greater community.
the university’s r2 research designation, first earned in 2022, was renewed by the carnegie classification of institutions of higher education. an institution is designated r2 status if it awarded at least 20 research doctorates
                           and had at least $5 million in total research expenditures during the classification
                           update year.
fresno state awarded 25 research doctoral degrees and spent $11.4 million on research
                           expenditures in the 2022-23 academic year. the university offers a doctoral program
                           in educational leadership (ed.d.), doctor of physical therapy (dpt) and doctor of
                           nursing practice (dnp).



  coming up see all events    bulldog baseball    02/16the contemporary dance ensemble 202502/16the contemporary dance ensemble 202502/18the contemporary dance ensemble 202502/19wellness wednesday 02/21palestine speaker series: lena khalaf tuffaha02/21nikolai lugansky - philip lorenz international keyboard concerts02/22wellness retreat: ride the wellness retreat wave02/24the united states and the armenian genocide: history, memory, and politics02/24fresno state brass festival02/26wellness wednesday   







news/events sources

fresno state news
fresno state stories
fresno state magazine
campus newsletter
bulldog blog
the collegian










california state university, fresno


5241 n. maple ave.
				fresno, ca 93740
p 559.278.4240
campus police: 559.278.8400






accessibility
comment form
covid-19 updates
disclaimer
emergencies




opportunities for all
student parent resources
title ix compliance
wscuc










© fresno state 2025




fresno state facebook
fresno state twitter
fresno state instagram
fresno state youtube
fresno state tiktok
fresno state linkedin
donation




back to top







last updated feb 14, 2025
