









valley eye associates | wisconsin lasik, cataracts, and comprehensive eye care




































































facebookxyoutubeinstagram(800) 344-4443
contact us




a decrease font size.
a reset font size.
a increase font size.










 


services


vision correction

lasik
photorefractive keratectomy (prk)
implantable contact lenses
custom lens replacement


cataracts

high definition laser cataract surgery
light adjustable lens
panoptix


cornea

corneal transplants
corneal cross-linking
intacs corneal rings


oculoplastics

blepharoplasty
facial rejuvenation


other services

dry eye
glaucoma
macular degeneration
myopia management
routine eye care





about

our doctors
our team
career opportunities


patient resources

pay my bill
educational events
patient forms
insurance
procedure financing
patient testimonials
review us


blog
locations
search




menu


menu

 






be the difference… clearly!learn how valley eye associates can help you get the most out of your vision!
schedule a consultationevo implantable contact lensthe evo icl can treat a wide range of refractive errors including myopia and astigmatism
learn more about evo iclbe the difference… clearly!learn how valley eye associates can help you get the most out of your vision!
schedule a consultationlight adjustable lensa remarkable lens that can be adjusted after your cataract surgery — available at valley eye associates.
learn more about lalpanoptix lensthe lens that has revolutionized cataract procedures is available at valley eye associates.
learn more about panoptixpreviousnext12345

at valley eye associates, lp we believe your vision is priceless. that’s why we’ve built one of the premier eye care facilities in wisconsin, featuring experienced doctors, advanced technology, and the latest treatment options. our practice has grown over the years, and we’re proud to have been named the best lasik facility and best eye care facility in the region by several local publications for many consecutive years.


about valley eye associates, lp
since 1981, we have proudly served the fox valley and beyond with a singular focus on eye care excellence for each of our patients. we bring together state-of-the-art technology, leading doctors, and a fantastic staff to ensure you receive the best vision care available today. whether you’re interested in routine eye care to help maintain good ocular health, surgical options to help reduce your dependence on glasses and contact lenses, or treat cataracts, valley eye associates is here to ensure your vision is maintained for a lifetime.

michael vrabec, md

douglas salm, md

mark austin, md

charisse chin, do

phil smith, md

camille almond, md
meet all of our doctors



high definition laser cataract surgery™
cataracts affect the vision of millions of americans, and valley eye associates offers leading laser and lens technology options to remove your cataracts and restore your youthful vision! as the region’s leading provider of high definition laser cataract surgery since 2011, we are proud to offer cataract surgery that is blade-free, accurate, precise, and safer than ever before.


visit our cataract education center
cataract webinarwant to learn more about high definition laser cataract surgery? join us for our next cataract webinar with dr. michael vrabec. during the webinar, you’ll have an opportunity to meet dr. vrabec, watch a procedure, and hear how the technology works.
rsvp now


lasik
interested in lasik? valley eye associates offers the most advanced ilasik technology with a customized treatment designed just for your eyes. we offer free vip ilasik consultations and interest-free financing options to make lasik available and affordable for more people than ever before. make this your year for ilasik!



visit our lasik education center
schedule a free vip ilasik consultation


our services
valley eye associates can help treat nearly every eye condition through our ongoing investment in the most advanced diagnostic, treatment, and surgical technology. we offer a wide range of vision services and procedures, including:

blade-free, all-laser ilasik
advanced prk
implantable contact lenses
custom lens replacement
high definition laser cataract surgery
corneal treatments
oculopolastics
dry eye treatments

if you’re ready to experience the difference, contact valley eye associates to schedule an appointment and take the next step toward realizing your unique vision goals. we’re here to serve you and discuss your treatment options.


contact us


   

our servicesvision correction
cataracts
cornea
oculoplastics
other services
our locationspark place
spencer street
kensington drive
northland avenue
encircle health
green bay
oshkosh east
oshkosh west
contact us

send us a message


 (800) 344-4443


 schedule a consultation


 career opportunitiesleave us a review

 facebook


 google


 yelp


 healthgrades





© 2018-2025 valley eye associates, lp. all rights reserved. 
privacy policy







scroll to top




welcome, dr. zachary makal!
we are excited to announce the newest member of the valley eye optometric team.
dr. makal will start seeing patients at park place, oshkosh east, and northland ave on february 10th, 2025.


			×			


















