


the frugal outdoorsman








the frugal outdoorsman
an online magazine for the do-it-yourself sportsman
august 15, 2016 
i want to thank each and everyone one of you for your continued support over the last two years since daddy died.  it has been at times overwhelming.  once the shock of his death had eased, i began to teach myself the ins and outs of the frugal outdoorsman.  i have, on more occasions than i care to admit, failed miserably.  but each and every person has been exceedingly patient and kind to me.  i can't begin to express how appreciative i am for that.  in recent months, i've had several issues with suppliers and with my own health.  it has become apparent that i need to step away for a moment, reaccess the situation and determine a game plan.  i will be closing the sales section of the site for the next 90 days while i do this.  i will be refunding orders placed in the next few days. 
again, i can't express how grateful i am to each and every one of you for your continued kindness and understanding.  i look forward to seeing you again in 90 days.-kim
i want to thank each person who has reached out to me after they've heard the news that daddy passed away. i've tried to respond to each of you, but have not been able to due to several email issues.  but, i can't tell you how much it has meant to me to hear from you.
it's my intention to continue the frugal outdoorsman in the same vein that daddy created it.  i'm continuing to learn how to handle his business and this site...it has been both a healing and a heartbreaking undertaking.  everyone has been exceedingly patient with me and i am eternally grateful for that.  i can't thank you- daddy's readers, customers and friends enough for that gift. please continue to check back with us for updates.
and if you'd like to introduce yourself and share your memories of daddy- please don't hesitate to contact me via my personal email. kimdoughty71@yahoo.com

kim doughty-ganey, the frugal outdoorsman's daughter






      

woodsmokeeditorial comments2-01-13   


publisher/
webmasterjunior doughty   
managing editordennis dezendorf   
cooking editorphil mahan   
suggested reading
sponsors                        
   


in this online magazine you'll find no articles about fancy fishing rigs and magnum rifles.  we believe that cane poles, trotlines, and nets are the best ways to catch fish.  cast bullets in the venerable 30-30 winchester and in traditional muzzleloaders are the best ways to harvest deer.  in our cooking section, you'll find only articles and recipes cooked on a campfire or in a camp dutch oven with coals beneath it and in the lid.  our camping section contains articles and camping hints about tent camping only.  in this magazine the words  bass boat, magnum, inline, and rv are dirty words.

each article in this web site/magazine will be permanently archived by publication date in the department in which it was originally published.  you can throw out that ragged stack of paper magazines you were saving because they contained interesting articles.  due to the magic of the internet, a past, interesting frugal outdoorsman article is now only a couple of clicks away.


beneath each department, notice the last update date.
stuff we sell.view these sell pages in internet explorer onlyclick here for sell pages details
small plastic bottles with attached lids
blue jean rivets & buttonsvelcro & chicago screwsss split rings
individual scope & gun screws
metric screws, dies, taps, bits, hex keys, etc.

drills & taps & dies for scope & gun screws
fiber optic rods for sights
felt wads
small zip bags for parts
brass, aluminum and stainless steel rods for knife scale pins, etc.
brass screw inserts for wood
saddle ring sling
black powder bullet lubecookie mix for bpcrpure lard for making lube
recoil proof scope mount for old model contender



fiction5-20-02
hunting3-27-08
shooting6-18-14
reloading/
casting6-01-09

fishing1-23-05
cooking6-13-07
foodpreservation7-11-01
stuff we like7-07-04
camping7-04-11
make it11-13-12

misc/how to8-23-12
letters2-5-14







the frugal outdoorsman

all contents copyright 2001 - 2014 by john l. doughty, jr., or by author

buy posters at allposters.com 
please click here and visit our sponsors.  help keep this site online and free.


free javascripts provided by the javascript source




