





florida golf schools – florida golf school vacations















































 




		skip to content











					florida golf schools
				

 





main menu



 


home
golf school
packages
locations

menu toggle





daytona


fort lauderdale


melbourne


naples


orlando


panhandle


tampa: coming soon


discounted travel
reservation
contact us

menu toggle





staff


testimonials



833 742 7767 
 

 
 







 









florida golf schools
 










facebook
 



twitter
 



youtube
 














 
35 years of excellence - often imitated never duplicated!



















we are pleased to give you some more feedback from our florida golf schools clients. 



it was fantastic!sam is a great teacher and the 4 days exceeded our expectations. sam was really good to work with and put great effort and preparation into every day.we were very impressed by the golf program and the teaching methods.we learned a huge amount about the golf swing and our golf swings which are somewhat individual!we now know what we have to work towards and sam has given both of us a new thought process to every aspect of the game.he had us hitting the ball well and we feel that we have improved considerably over the week.sam is also great fun to be with and we have made a new friend. we enjoyed every minute of our golf school.the accommodation at the westin was also very good.we would certainly not rule out doing the whole thing again in the future, hopefully with sam as our instructor.kind regards,jim & anne robinson 







 
read more












 











featured florida golf schools
#1 orlando golf school destination 







 







marriott's grande vista orlando, florida
​ 






 
“best couples and senior programs in orlando” - 2000 by pgtca



 
“best golf school for beginners in orlando” – 2018 by pgtca



 
shingle creek golf club – arnold palmer design" 



 
falcon fire golf club - four stars from golf digest in the "best places to play



 
champion gates – greg norman design



 
hawks landing golf course – orlando world center marriott



 
disney’s lake buena vista – host of many pga & lpga tour events










 
read more















dear golf school 



we have just returned from a 4-day couples golf school in cape coral, florida. we were matched with teaching pro-sam foley at the palmetto pines country club. thank you for arranging a fantastic experience for us. the westin was perfect with many dining options and elegant rooms. sam was fabulous and we learned a ton. he was incredibly patient and knowledgeable with a real knack for connecting with both of us. we became very good friends in a short amount of time.thank you again. we think that immersive educational experiences lead to real change and you have greatly helped us along the way with our golf game.best regards,tom and kim daltonwilmington, nc 







 



















 







 
















chances are you’re tired of playing the same old game of golf. if yourefforts to improve have been unsuccessful and met with frustration,then let us help. at the florida golf schools, we will bring about dramatic changes in the way you think, practice, and play golf. instruction communicated in a simple, understandable, and concerned manner gets results. you will acquire a foundation built on lastingfundamentals, a golf swing with just a few basic thoughts, and dramatic improvement inyour game!call one of our 247 travel butler to answer any questions you mighthave and help plan your florida golf schools vacation. 833 742 7767 ext 1 











what makes florida golf schools the best choice for golf school vacations?
 






 
guaranteed “lowest cost” or we send you the difference



 
35 years of helping people enjoy the game of golf



 
guaranteed improvement with our golf schools programs



 
award-winning locations and programs / award-winning pga – lpga - pgtca teaching professional / unlimited golf and cart / official v1 branded academy / 3 months of free video analysis



 
2 hours of on-course playing lessons with your pga professional every day of your school



 
personal golf school 247 travel butler to handle all travel & vacations needs



 
air / extra nights / travel maps / site information / special occasions / customize golf school trips / 24 hour - 7 day customer service


















client testimonials
 



									we attended your golf school on july 16th and 17th at the international golf club, myrtle beach, sc. our instructor was mitchell crum. he was an excellent instructor. he had the patience and it was quite evident that he had a desire for us to learn. my husband and i both learned a great deal and hope to apply our new skills this weekend. if you get a chance to work with mitchell, i think you will find him most knowledgeable in his field.”

								







 
read more











 



















golf school packages 






 
standard award winning programs



 
vip 1:1 and 2:1 programs



 
all inclusive programs



 
deluxe and affordable programs










 
know more











golf school specials 






 
best locations - best instructors - best prices!



 
travel deals - all inclusive florida golf schools



 
golf school deals around the country










 
know more











official v1 branded golf academy 



 







 
know more


















 


 










 







 







35 years of excellence – often imitated never duplicated! 







contact us 






 
america's golf schools 1290 sge court ocean springs, ms 39564



 
1 833 742 7767



 
americasgolfschools@gmail.com










social link 














facebook
 



twitter
 



youtube
 















copyright © 2021 elite golf group










powered by florida golf schools








 













