









the essentials of web design









































































creating a unique, effective & enjoyable website: the essentials to know!










						a strong brand identity - be visible!						

 today, competition is becoming increasingly fierce, especially on the internet. every company has to do what is necessary to stand out. most of the time, companies propose a brand identity that is built around strong values, a better world view and a commitment to the company.
indeed, brand identity is the root of every project, regardless of the nature of the activity. it contains all the strategies and communication actions that may arise.



						let us create a mobile friendly e-commerce site for you						

 in recent years, creating a mobile friendly website has become a trend. it can provide accessible, dynamic and above all relevant content to users. and that, with speed.
a specialist or a famous agency has the ability to create a mobile friendly site that easily adapts to mobile devices to ensure better visibility on search engine results, also to improve its pagerank.



						webmarketing strategy						

 how to create an effective web marketing strategy?
to create an effective web marketing strategy, it is important to define the profile of the primary and secondary targets. it is from this stage that it is easier to define their browsing profile and purchasing behaviour.







														e-mail retargeting													


 

 





					e-mail retargeting is a practice that aims to send an e-mail to a prospect who has already visited a company's website, without him having made a transaction.
				






														seo long tail													


 

 





					long tail seo, also known as "long tail seo", is a strategy that allows you to position yourself on search engines.
				






														video marketing													


 

 





					video marketing is a technique that consists of attracting the attention of prospects and visitors through the use of videos.				










						branding or e-reputation						




 understanding the link between branding and e-reputation
indeed, e-reputation is like the guarantor of branding. continuous improvement can ensure the health and the e-reputation of a brand or a particular activity. a brand with a better reputation can attract public attention.



						our web design inspirations						



						web design: the essentials!						



						typography is a must						






						typography						



						>						



						animations & micro-interactions						






						animations						



						>						



						illustrations take over						






						the illustrations						



						>						

 in web design, several elements must be taken into account. for example, there is typography, image, animation, illustration, etc… these elements are complementary and help to improve the design of a website like amourdebijoux.fr.

 








						netlinking strategy						




 the netlinking strategy is a technique to increase the number of hyperlinks pointing to the website to be made more visible. backlinking is considered the main ingredient of a netlinking strategy, so the quality of the backlink is essential.





						adwords campaign						




 an adwords campaign is a system that relies on keyword bids. its purpose is to encourage advertisers to raise the bids, thus appearing among the first results of google searches, thanks to the keywords.





						logo and web design						




 web design is essential for the functioning of a website. it is also considered as the graphic design of a website. it is an essential step in the design of a web address. it sets up the visual aspect of the page.





						seo audit and analysis						




 the audit and the seo analysis are the same thing. the objective is to study the site in order to know the strong points as well as the weak points. this allows us to make a better decision on the referencing and the improvement of the visibility of the page.































 