assist2sell - leading discount real estate company       login / signupbuy & sellsell my homebuy a new homehow we're differentfind an officereal estate blog     your home sold for a low fee, by an expert agent full service no hassle great resultslearn more about selling your homesell my homeget startedname phone email street address city state select* canada *alakazarcacoctdcdeflgahiidiliniakskylamemdmamimnmsmomtnenvnhnjnmnyncndohokorpariscsdtntxutvtvawawvwiwyzip      want to know what your home value is today?get a quick, easy & free valuation here!find out nowlynneupnorth  professionalism, quality, responsiveness, valuei give my experience with francine @ assist 2 sell 5 stars. i could always expect prompt return calls; understanding, patient, personal concern; honest, wise, experienced counsel; calm, confident encouragement when problems arose, and the swift sale of my unique property. i had a previous very different experience with broadway realty, which i can't recommend. the reasonable fees alone made it worth going with assist 2 sell, but the service was great!damon boyar  professionalism, quality, responsiveness, valueafter a thorough review of choosing the right real estate broker, we decided to move forward with assist-2-sell. tom, don, and their team are second to none. our purchase had a lot of moving parts, and they were able to act quickly to secure our contract at a fair price during a housing frenzy. their expertise, professionalism, and service was everything that was promised and more. they truly delivered.dan james  professionalism, quality, responsiveness, valuethanks to your marketing, we were really pleased that you were able to secure an extra $15,000.00 over list. we had multiple offers in a very short time, plus you saved me an extra $14,220.00? in commissions (compared to traditional agent fees). that totals just under $30k extra. i thank them for their hard work and professionalism throughout the process. their knowledge and assistance helped us to be able to navigate the whole process under the worst possible scenario from our location in italy. thanks assist-2-sell real estate florida.maxwell darman  professionalism, responsivenessas a first time home buyer i was completely in the dark about the process of purchasing a home. thanks to assist2sell and, specifically, chas levitt it was painless and simple! i have to say that mr. levitt made himself available at any time and would answer any question i had. he was an excellent agent and if anyone asks me about buying a home i am sending them straight to chas!deb dutton  professionalism, quality, responsiveness, valueassist2sell realtor is the best! i highly recommend them to anyone who is selling their home or looking to buy a new one. lisa who is the owner sold our home in 3 days. she is top notch along with all the other agents that work for her. we had no worries at all. everyone is very knowledgeable, professional, courteous and also without a doubt will do everything they can to take care of your buying and selling needs. thank you assist2sell for making our dreams come true!! my husband and i are truly happy you took great care of us!jared heath  professionalism, quality, responsiveness, valuebyron and tammi were great to work with. they got our home listed and sold quickly and had our best interests in mind throughout the decision making process. we ended up getting more money than we thought we could get for our home. we've worked with different realtors on the past but these guys were top notch. they were very professional and made us their number one priority. i would highly recommend them to anyone looking to buy or sell a house.davy limalo  professionalism, quality, responsiveness, valuethe above attributes alone do not describe angela, biagio and nicole's dedication to selling our home. the process was a simple, stress-free and pleasant experience. angela is truly a caring and honest individual that kept us well informed and focused during the entire process. our home sold quickly and its been a whirlwind since but i wanted to make sure that we expressed our thanks and gratitude to angela and her team for making the entire process so easy. would and have recommended angela to others. thank you assist 2 sell!jody toth  professionalism, quality, responsiveness, valuefantastic service/agents. very quick responses to any and all questions. they truly were assisting us from day one to closing! highly recommend. not to mention the savings in fees!!!ruth langille  professionalism, quality, responsiveness, valueamanda was prompt, professional and efficient at getting the job done, she navigated us through a frenzy of offers and counters with ease. the scheduling notifications for showings is very convenient as well. saved us thousands in commission, we couldn't be happier with our assist to sell experience!!,aria torii  professionalism, quality, responsiveness, valuei was hesitant at first to try a discount listing agent. but i interviewed agents from several different agencies, and janet oliver was my third interview. i chose janet because she came across with professionalism and sincerity and without the phony salesmanship i sensed in the others. she had my property listed in mls quickly and accurately. she kept me informed and answered/returned my calls quickly, even on holidays. she helped find a very qualified buyer, negotiate a great sales price, and my property sold quickly and without any hiccups. not only that, but i saved $16,500 over what the full price realtors wanted to charge me! i could not be happier with my choice of assist-to-sell and janet oliver. both are highly recommendedfoustbob60  professionalism, quality, responsiveness, valuemy wife and i can't say enough about tim and his service. to give you an example, we were contracted to be out of our house tim sold for us by 12/27 and the movers we hired were scheduled for 12/26. they called on christmas eve day informing us that their entire crew was inflicted with the virus and they needed to cancel. this was a major curveball thrown at us. who were we going to get now with such short notice and over a major holiday? we notified tim, and with his numerous contacts, he was able to find very dependable movers allowing us to close on time. moreover, tim was in constant contact with us via text and email messages with important and valuable updates. so, i would highly recommend tim tepes for those wanting to sell their home or invest in a new one. he is a true professional in every way... thanks again, tim!!thousands of customers buy and sell homes with us every year."thank you. this is the 2nd time i've done business with assist2sell. the care and professionalism was great.""i could count on integrity from the top down... thanks!""you all made selling our home easy! just what we needed. thanks!""i'm very happy with the service & all the money i saved."  previous    next find an office find an assist2sell office near mefranchise opportunities learn more about franchise opportunities contact us info@assist2sell.compo box 18099, reno, nv 89511franchise opportunitieslearn about opening an assist2sell franchise in your area.follow us on  follow us on twitter   visit our facebookback to top site and real estate engine by  / pinput real estate technology   copyright 2025 © assist2selltermsprivacycontact us×choose login preferencelogin with social media (preferred)login with emailcreate a new accountforgot my passwordplease see our privacy policy×warning - session expirationwarning: your logged in session will expire.session will expire: minsthis is a security feature enabled to make sure your log in is secure.keep me logged in! log me out now ignore    please wait... 