








home cornerstone aviation









































 


skip to content








slc 801-355-2244 or ogd 801-622-1222|info@cornerstoneaviation.com 

facebookinstagramyoutubelinkedin 










 homeaboutexecutivesflight instructorscustomer supportmaintenance technicianscareers at cornerstoneprogramscareer pilotinternational flight studentsvahigh school studentspleasure flyingairline partnershipsunited aviateenvoyskywestget startedalumniquestions to askestimated costclass schedulescholarships / financingcontactflight schedule pro  login 











loading...








































homeadmin2025-01-03t12:47:54+00:00 
congratulations on taking the first steps to realizing your dream of becoming a pilot! cornerstone aviation is utah’s premier flight school and we love everything about flying, so we’re very excited that you’re considering joining us in the aviation life, no matter where your dream takes you. learn how to evaluate a potential flight training provider.book your intro flightsalt lake city office:
801-355-2244
ogden office:
801-622-1222
hours of operationwomen in aviationcornerstone is the preferred training partner for both women in aviation international and the local utah chapter 99’s. become a part of something amazing!
learn how you can joinfinance your trainingmeritizeavailable scholarshipsclasses are ongoing throughout the yearcurrent ground school schedulecsa is an faa airman knowledge testing centerschedule testcreate your ftn profileaircraft rental and fleet pricing informationaircraft rental requirementsfleet priceswhat is your aviation goal?pleasure flyinglearn morecareer pilotlearn moreis one of these programs made for you? read testimonials from some of our past students and instructors.international studentslearn morevalearn morehigh schoollearn morecornerstone aviation teamcompany executivesflight instructorssupport teammaintenance techswhat you should look for in a flight schoolthere are many potential paths to earning a pilot certificate, and many flight training providers. it is critical that you choose a flight training environment that sets you up for the future you envision, and that matches your learning style and risk tolerance.questions to ask



 
 





salt lake location
salt lake city
176 n 2200 w ste 195
salt lake city, utah 84116
1.801.355.2244
 

ogden location
ogden
4225 airport road
ogden, utah 84067
1.801.622.1222 

quick links 
questions to ask
estimated cost of training
csa price sheet
how long to complete training
current fleet pricing
flight schedule pro login


 

business hours hours of operation

 

training routes 
pleasure flying
career pilot
international students
va
high school students


 

 
 
 





		© cornerstone aviation 2025   |   all rights reserved   |   slc 801-355-2244 or ogd 801-622-1222   |   info@cornerstoneaviation.com 


facebookinstagramyoutubelinkedin
 
 
 
 



toggle sliding bar area





main office contact info

176 n 2200 w ste 195, salt lake city, utah 84116
phone: slc 801-355-2244
email: email csa

join our team! apply for positions at csa

 






 
 
page load link






manage cookie consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



cookies & privacy





















