


	allied - welcome to threadmills usa






































































search





menu





video





academy





news





events





language





quick links












company

about allied machineaffiliationscareersconflict minerals (cmrt)eventsexport control compliance agreementglobal locationsnewspatent listqualitysustainability

contact

accounting supportcomplaintscontact uscustomer servicedistributor locatorengineering supportfield supportmarketing supportreturns

industries

aerospaceagriculturalautomotivefirearmsheat exchangers/tube sheetsheavy equipmentmedicalmilitary/defenseoil & gas/petrochemicalrenewable energy/energystructural steel/fabricatortool, mold, & die

online tools

allied's interactive experienceboring insert selectorinsta-code®insta-quote®product selectortap drill chartstoolmd®

products

boringbta (sts)burnishingdrillingmultifunctionpcdportingreamingspecialsstructural steelthreadingtool holding

support

case studiesfaqglossary of termsliteraturesafetysite featureswohlhaupter returns








allied tool academytechnical education seminar (tes)events






englishfrenchgermanspanish






videosinsta-quote™product selectortrainingliteraturesaved items list

















log in








english

french
german
spanish







training





videos





events









(0)  items




log in / register
 



  























videos








insta-quote™








product selector










training








literature








saved items list
















  products







drilling 

      the highest performance cutting tools to cover the largest range of drilling applications.
    





boring 

      all your hole finishing applications can be conquered with the wohlhaupter® and criterion® product lines.
    





specials 

      if your application can't be satisfied with standard tooling, allied can special engineer any product for your solution.
    





threading 

      achieve precise thread forms with a large variety of thread mills through the accuthread® and threadmills usa™ product lines.
    





pcd 

      superion® offers a full line of custom, application-specific pcd tools, that allow for higher penetration rates and increased tool life in hard to machine applications.
    





reaming 

      reamers by s.c.a.m.i.® and superion® provide excellent hole finishes.
    





porting 







multifunction 







burnishing 







structural steel 







bta (sts) 







tool holding 






  industries







aerospace 

      take to the skies with cost-saving solutions for aerospace applications.
    





agricultural 

      find high quality solutions for your agriculture holemaking applications.
    





automotive 

      keep your engines running smoothly with automotive solutions by allied machine.
    





heavy equipment 

      you make products that move the earth and reach for the skies. when it comes to tooling for all things big, let allied share the load.
    





renewable energy/energy 

      don't waste your energy searching for wind energy solutions. we've got you covered.
    





oil & gas/petrochemical 

      when you're drilling large and deep holes, allied machine has the answers.
    





tool, mold, & die 







medical 







heat exchangers/tube sheets 







firearms 







structural steel/fabricator 







military/defense 






  online tools







allied's interactive experience 

      visit allied machine’s global facilities virtually, explore various locations and zones, and meet several allied team members.
    





toolmd® 

      download 2d and 3d files of the tooling to help increase the production and success of your applications.
    





insta-quote® 

      design your own custom tooling. generate your quote and drawing in minutes.
    





insta-code® 

      you can use this online thread mill programmer to find the tool you need and create your program code. just plug in your data, copy your code, and start machining.
    





boring insert selector 

      find the best insert for your specific boring application. 
    





tap drill charts 

      thread milling requires the same predrill diameter as tapping.  easily find the diameter of drill your thread form and size require.  tap drill charts include un, metric (iso), npt, bsp and much more.
    





product selector 






  company







about allied machine 

      we are passionate about engineering holemaking and finishing solutions for our customers. learn more about allied machine and our history.
    





global locations 

      with multiple locations worldwide, allied continues to position itself to better serve the customer. see our locations here.
    





careers 

      if you're highly motivated, energetic, and ready to build a career with a growing global company, we want to hear from you. see available positions here.
    





events 

      register for allied's technical education seminar training sessions and upcoming industry trade shows. see our holemaking and finishing cutting tools first hand!
    





quality 

      allied is committed to providing quality products and services that meet or exceed customer requirements. access our iso certification and conflict minerals reporting template here. 
    





news 

      check out what's been going on with allied machine and stay up-to-date with current events and news.
    





patent list 







affiliations 







conflict minerals (cmrt) 







sustainability 






  support







case studies 

      read first-hand results and achievements for different customers in various industry applications.
    





literature 

      in the digital library you can view, download, and share the literature detailing allied machine products.
    





safety 

      safety is the highest priority when running applications. view our safety material to ensure you prevent machine/tool damage and personal injury.
    





site features 

      check out the new features available throughout this website. we have added and enhanced many features. learn more here.
    





glossary of terms 

      learn and understand commonly-used terms both in the industry and our company.
    





faq 

      have a question? start with our frequently asked questions and answers. 
    




  contact







customer service 

      our customer service team is trained to handle your account information and general inquiries.
    





engineering support 

      our highly-trained engineers are standing by, ready to assist and answer your questions.
    





field support 

      we provide local engineering support all over the world. they're available to visit your facility, run demos and tests, and work hand-in-hand with you.
    





distributor locator 

      find the distributor closest to you so we can get allied machine tools into your hands.
    





contact us 

      if you have a question about an order, an application, or just something general, we have dedicated associates ready to assist you.
    





accounting support 

      whether accounts receivable or accounts payable is what you are looking for, our associates are trained to assist you and find resolutions to discrepancies. 
    





marketing support 







 

 








don't see your item?type full item number & hit enter.































welcome threadmills usa visitors to the allied machine & engineering website.
you will find all threadmills usa product information under the “solid carbide” section.  we invite you to explore our site to learn about the other products we offer.  should you need assistance please refer to the contact portion of the website.








solid carbide
 










replaceable insert
 
















support

application support
email  |  330.343.4283 x7611

customer support
email  |  330.343.4283 x8610

contact

faq

subscribe

 online tools

insta-code™
insta-quote™
product selector
toolmd
boring insert selector
 


company

about
locations
careers
legal terms
cookies policy
cookie settings
privacy policy
iso standard
sitemap
conflict minerals (cmrt)
distributor locator


downloads

literature
insta-code™



stay connected             
  ©copyright 2025 allied machine & engineering corp.
 









 
 












