























the glassman legal group | the glassman legal group provides clients with the support and tools they need to get through troubling legal situations.



























 





the glassman legal group


954-915-8800
email us



home
about us
areas of practice
blog
our locations
 





 


let us be your voice




real estate law
experience and expertise are critical. whether purchasing residential property or commercial property, the most important aspect of any real estate deal is the contract and its various terms, contingencies and responsibilities of the parties.
learn more


title services
the glassman legal group provides comprehensive title services for real estate transactions in florida, from a search for property liens or defects to issuance of title insurance. our boutique law firm provides you with one-on-one service.
learn more


insurance dispute litigation
if you are having a problem with an insurance company, whether your claim has been denied or a low offer of money has been made you should seek legal assistance from an attorney who is familiar with handling claims and disputes.
learn more


condo/homeowners association law
the glassman legal group’s expertise in real property and complex real estate law matters can provide you with a unique advantage if you are faced with a legal issue relative to your condo or homeowners' association membership.
learn more
 




meet our team






lee glassman / founder
lee d. glassman is dedicated to achieving clients' goals in a timely and efficient manner. at the glassman legal group we represent major commercial and financial institutions, individuals and entrepreneurs in a wide and diversified range of complex real estate, business and corporate transactions throughout the state of florida. 
read more



associates





monica e.  mcwilliams
monica is a dynamic associate that helps to lead clients through the legal process.  she is a tenacious lawyer who works hard for her clients. 
read more











how can we help?




while this website provides general information, it does not constitute legal advice. the best way to get guidance on your specific legal issue is to contact a lawyer. to schedule a meeting with an attorney, please call 954-915-8800 or complete the intake form below.





























the use of the internet or this form for communication with the firm or any individual member of the firm does not establish an attorney-client relationship. confidential or time-sensitive information should not be sent through this form.

send message




locations



weston
2200 n commerce pkwy, ste 105,
weston, fl 33326
(954) 915-8800  |  navigate





miami
999 brickell avenue
ph 1102
miami, fl 33131
(954) 915-8800  |  navigate








the glassman legal group provides clients with the support and tools they need to get through troubling legal situations.
© 2025, the glassman legal group













 
