







the franchise magazine | franchiseinfo








































 


cookie consent by privacy policies website




















 









 


                            the source of uk franchising information                        



                                exhibit | advertise                            

                                book free tickets                            









search

search for:







 

















franchise opportunities

franchise directory
franchise resales
master franchises


franchise exhibitions

the national franchise exhibition
the british & international franchise exhibition
multi-unit franchise conference
mcdonald’s insight sessions
all franchise exhibitions
exhibit
book free tickets


advice & news

new to franchising?
investing in a franchise
franchising your business
recruiting franchisees
all advice
expert advisors & suppliers
industry news
the franchisee network


magazines

all magazines
the franchise magazine

articles
digital magazine
directory
what’s hot
advertise


business franchise magazine


 


my favourites





search

search for:







 




                                exhibit | advertise                            

                                book free tickets                            






                        go back                    




                            exhibit | advertise                        

                            book free tickets                        








home  the franchise magazine





the definitive guide to franchising
the franchise magazine











articlesdigital magazinewhat’s hotdirectoryadvertise 














 

the time is now
marking 50 years on the uk high street, mcdonald’s celebrates its franchisees, the backbone of its nationwide network. in the franchise magazine, franchisees share their experiences, urging potential business owners: “now’s the time… go for it!”

 





                                                                read more                                                            








 

get the knowledge
whether you are new to franchising or an experienced franchisor introducing something new to your network. gain insights from the franchise development specialists: 7 questions, 7 perspectives.

ashtons franchise consulting


                                                                read more                                                            








 

discover your tomorrow safely, with the bfa
if you’re thinking of franchising your business or buying one, the british franchise association, the hub of franchising in the uk, explains why it’s a smart move to check in with them for advice and guidance, on your investment journey.

british franchise association


                                                                read more                                                            





















digital magazine
stay ahead of the curve! dive into the latest issue of the franchise magazine to discover the most up-to-date insights, expert advice, and exclusive interviews from leaders in the field. learn more about the hottest trends in franchising and get ready to unlock the potential of franchising. 

find out more






get ready to unlock a world of opportunities with our directory of franchises. we’ve curated a comprehensive list of the top franchise brands across various industries and sectors – from established names to emerging players.


view full directory




 

 



advertise in the franchise magazine
 
the franchise magazine is the go-to guide for franchisees and the only franchise annual of its kind in the uk. distributed to over 20,000 engaged prospective franchisees at the franchise exhibitions, ensure that your franchise opportunity is seen by the country’s most serious investors.



                    find out more                











 


 the only franchise exhibitions supported by the british franchise association




 have you signed up to franmail?
keep up-to-date with the franchise industry and all upcoming franchise exhibitions.


                    subscribe                



franchise opportunitiesfranchise directory
franchise resales
master franchises
franchise exhibitionsthe national franchise exhibition, birmingham
the british & international franchise exhibition, london
exhibit
book free tickets
advice & newsnew to franchising?
investing in a franchise
franchising your business
recruiting franchisees
industry news
magazinesthe franchise magazine
business franchise magazine
advertise or exhibit
 







with over 900 franchise brands in the uk, it can be difficult to know where to start your search for the right franchise to invest in. franchiseinfo offers an online resource for the uk franchise industry, showcasing a wide variety of franchise opportunities – both nationwide and overseas. as the official website for the british franchise association-supported franchise exhibitions, you can also find up-to-date information about exhibiting brands, features and book free tickets.








want to get in touch?
for information about visiting the franchise exhibitions, exhibiting at the events or advertising, please fill in this short form.



 

 

 



 
the official magazine of the franchise exhibitions

                        find out more                    





                copyright © 2025 vmgl            
terms & conditions
privacy & cookies
communication preferences
 
website by























franmail popup form







sign up to franmail today to receive regular updates and opportunities from the franchising world
contact details



first name
		*




last name
		*




email
		*




phone number
		*




are you interested in?
		

  
 investing in a franchise
 
 franchising your business



your interests


available finance
		*


£0 - £10,000£10,001 - £20,000£20,001 - £50,000£50,001 - £100,000£100,001 - £250,000£250,001 - £500,000£500,001 - £1,000,000over £1,000,000 


which business sector are you interested in?
		

 
 all
 
 accountancy & financial
 
 automotive franchises
 
 b2b franchises
 
 building and maintenance
 
 business consulting
 
 care franchises
 
 children franchises
 
 cleaning franchises
 
 coffee franchises
 
 courier & logistics franchises
 
 creative franchises
 
 education franchises
 
 eco-friendly franchises
 
 event franchises
 
 fitness franchises
 
 food & drink franchises
 
 franchise resales
 
 franchise services
 
 gardening franchises
 
 growing your own business
 
 health & beauty
 
 home improvement franchises
 
 industrial franchises
 
 legal services
 
 low cost franchises
 
 management franchises
 
 marketing & media
 
 merchandising franchises
 
 online business franchises
 
 part-time franchises
 
 pet franchises
 
 photography franchises
 
 print & sign franchises
 
 professional advisors
 
 property & estate agency
 
 recruitment franchises
 
 retail franchises
 
 safety & security franchises
 
 smart repairs franchises
 
 specialised
 
 sports franchises
 
 telecommunications franchises
 
 travel & leisure franchises
 
 vape & e-cigarette franchises
 
 vehicle-based franchises
 
 work from home franchise











submit





					if you are human, leave this field blank.				




























 


