


paul's home page







 
spiritual index


mum
buddhism
christianity
interfaith



blogs

general
work
mobile computing


other pages
  formal methods
thai cookery
ideas
updates
home office
c.v.
linkedin
help



local search(alta vista)






 - select -
chez paul
mum's site
buddhism
interfaith
 

 



    to aid navigation .. 
    




      i am a member of 
      
 



 
chez paul

welcome! this is my home page, a (somewhat antiquated) little virtual hub
    to recreation, interests, research activities and some internet-related projects.  my work has involved quite a lot of travel; i'm now back in oxford after a couple of years in doha with the qatar museums authority.
living in an urbanized desert has heightened my appreciation of the natural environment, which was instilled in my childhood, being brought up mainly in hagley in worcestershire, where it is quite rural and very peaceful.
	you can climb up the local clent hills and take in some great views. if it is quite clear, then you can see the malverns, the area much
    loved by edward elgar, the composer. i have a second home in thailand - with lots of
    relatives in wong wian yai, a busy part of bangkok! to help
    navigation in these pages, you can add a frame .. 

activities and interests









inter faith dialogue, a natural interest due to my mixed background. this includes a link to a page on  

cookery: some thai recipes to make you feel hungry! 
walking/rambling: have recently discovered the oxford green belt way to work off the excess food :-)







cartoons and humour  

chuck jones - official site for the late warner bros animation master.
wallace and gromit pictures
            nik park's popular duo.
dr. seuss has been one of my
            favourites since i was a toddler!  have you seen horton hears a who?  it's a wonderful film!
dharma the cat the 'thinking person's cartoon strip'. 


a tiny art index 
 

'art on the net' 
asian arts 
thai jataka paintings 





a special mention to paul godfrey (see photos from his travels), once upon a time my mentor for the atari st, which led me to develop a greater interest and career in it.
some other useful links
the uk charity commission is the government department responsible for registering charities - all of them are on a computer database that is searchable on the web. 
little siam trust - this charity supports the education of orphans and other disadvantaged children in rural areas (including angthong, where some of my relatives live).  set up by a thai friend.
      click a button at the hunger site and the sponsors will donate a bowl of rice or other vital supplies to someone in desperate need. 
you can learn about shakuhachi (honkyoku) music at graham ranft's site and on theworldjournal.com
harborne physiotherapy clinic - located in birmingham (uk), very experienced staff have helped my father a great deal with knee problems and general stiffness.  highly recommended!
near to my home in hagley is aardvark engineering ltd.,
        a small & close knit company in blakedown. 


for further information ...
a fairly random set of links, pending revision ... 

open source software now mainstream, i became enthused about its generosity in the late 90s, when setting up and maintaining my first linux server; my first taste was in 95(?) - a slackware distro (installation from floppies :-)
about.com (formerly the mining company) provides hundreds of experienced guides who sift through the huge mass of on-line information to highlight the most useful sources, in some ways it was an early intimation of web2.0. 
alta vista search engine in the mid 90s this was my search engine of choice for in depth research.  it may be ancient, but it still works quite well (at least it can just aboutfind this site!)

 
  

however, as almost everyone knows, we now have the ubiquitous google!


copac library database has catalogued millions
        of records from university libraries in the uk.  
yahoo people search - locate friends on the net.
        (formerly internet yellow pages at four11).  now i'm into mobile computing, i expect to see this incorporated on yahoo! go 
uk mirror site this is a huge repository of
        freely available information for the uk academic community - i used it to download
        redhat's distribution of linux for work. 
smile please :) for letter
        writing. 













comments or queries are welcome - please see the contact
page or use the feedback form.


  - paul trafford


 

last modified: 9 january 2015







