




  
 








united way of pennsylvania



































































 
















 





menu


member login
donate
 






covid-19 live grant
local funds
alice
racial equity resources
advocacy

advocacy agenda
earned income tax credit report


211: get help
find your united way
programs

211
covid-19 live grant
income tax assistance


about us

our staff
our history
our members
accountability
board of directors
committees
media toolbox
eletters archive
2024 uwp annual report


contact us
job openings
member login
2025 uwp annual conference
calendar
donate
 




 
pa 211: get help todayneed help with basic needs? search our online resources, text your zip code to 898-211, or dial 211.get helppa needs a state eitcworking families in pa deserve financial stability and better health and education outcomes.learn morewho is alice®?alice goes to work every day, but still struggles to make ends meet. even before the pandemic, alice families were vulnerable.see the dataincrease pa 211 annual fundingpa 211 receives $750,000 annually, but requires $5 million investment from regions, united ways, and pennsylvania. support the vitality of your community by helping to advocate for $2 million for the life-changing pa 211 service.learn more 


find your united way










support united way of pa’s efforts to build financially resilient families and thriving communities!united ways fight for the health, education, and financial stability of every person in our communities. in order to provide the needs many are facing, our priorities for the pennsylvania state budget focus on building financially resilient families and thriving communities. united way recognizes the challenges facing many individuals and...take actionsupport an increase in commonwealth funding for pa 211!pa 211 is a highly-adaptable, dedicated system that provides a reliable place to turn for help. with multiple points of contact - phone, text, and webchat - and an online searchable database, individuals in our pennsylvania communities can be connected to information and resources 24/7/365. with each passing year, contact...take actionsupport working pennsylvanians with a state earned income tax credit!the earned income tax credit (eitc) is one of the most successful anti-poverty programs in america. eitc puts money back into working pennsylvanians' pockets, promotes work, and encourages economic growth! since 1975, the federal government has been incentivizing work through the earned income tax credit. by design, the credits are...take action 


          
help starts here
211 is a free and confidential service that will help you connect to the local resources you need. we’re here for you 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
get help

pennsylvania, meet alice:
asset limited, income constrained, employed
2 out of 5 of pa families struggle to make ends meet.
learn more
 




latest news
events
facebook
twitter




					latest news
				

					events
				

					facebook
				

					twitter
				


monday, february 10, 2025february 11 marks opportunity to remind communities no one has to navigate challenges alone – pa 211 is here to helpharrisburg, pa – on february 11, 2025, united way of pennsylvania and pa 211 are celebrating211 day, reminding pennsylvanians that no one has to navigate challenges alone. it’s a day tohonor the hard work and dedication of individuals in our statewide network of resourcenavigators who answer the call, text or chat when a neighbor takes...read moresaturday, february 8, 2025united way of pennsylvania joins housing action plan roundtableon january 30, 2025, kim amsler and melody zimmerman joined housing advocates, state officials, and community leaders at the pennsylvania capitol building to discuss solutions to the state’s growing housing challenges. as part of the housing action plan roundtable, their participation reflected uwp’s dedication to ensuring that housing policies and programs directly benefit pennsylvania families,...read morewednesday, january 29, 2025uwp is hiring a public policy directorunited way of pennsylvania works to support all of our member local united ways across pa to be a leader and partner in building financially resilient families and thriving communities across the commonwealth. we envision an inclusive, impactful and collaborative network of united ways working with business, community, faith and government leaders across pa to...read morethursday, january 2, 2025reflecting on 2024 and looking ahead to 2025: united way of pennsylvania and pa 211as we turn the page to 2025, united way of pennsylvania and pa 211 take this moment to reflect on the past year with gratitude and pride—and to look ahead with optimism and renewed commitment to our mission of supporting individuals and families across the commonwealth. looking back on 2024: a year of impact and...read moresunday, december 22, 2024pa 211 is hiring a community resource coordinator (disaster response)the pa 211 disaster response: community resource coordinator will be part of a statewide team responsible for identifying appropriate resources and referral pathways in coordination with local and state agencies to meet the disaster related unmet needs of community members in cooperation with disaster case managers (dcm) and support the administration of the disaster recovery...read moremonday, december 16, 2024uwp receives $604,000 to support the housing problem solving initiative in partnership with the eastern pa coc to improve housing stabilitythe federal home loan bank of pittsburgh (fhlbank), in collaboration with housing finance agencies in delaware, pennsylvania, and west virginia, has announced the allocation of $8.447 million in home4good grants to combat homelessness across the three states. united way of pennsylvania’s application for the “housing problem solving initiative”, which was approved for $604,000, will be...read morefriday, december 13, 2024uwp is hiring a marketing and communications coordinatorjoin the uwp team as a marketing and communications coordinator! in this role you will support united way of pennsylvania and pa 211 by advancing their missions through innovative marketing strategies and communication efforts. this position ensures that the uwp and pa 211 brands are consistently represented and effectively communicated across all platforms. click here...read moretuesday, december 10, 2024pa 211 mobilizes to serve erie community during snow emergencywhen a historic lake-effect snowstorm blanketed erie county in early december, pa 211 served as a vital connection point for residents in need of assistance, responding to over 1,400 requests. most of these requests focused on snow removal with additional needs surrounding shopping assistance, winter storm-related support, and other essential services. with millcreek township under...read moremonday, december 2, 2024pa 211 coordinates support for erie county snowstorm recoveryin response to the ongoing snowstorm in erie county, pa 211 is collaborating with emergency services to ensure community safety. governor shapiro has declared a disaster to mobilize additional support. residents are advised to stay home, monitor local forecasts, and reserve 911 for life-threatening situations. while volunteer snow removal efforts are not yet active, pa...read moretuesday, november 26, 2024celebrating national gratitude month with united way of pennsylvania and pa 211november is national gratitude month, a time to reflect on the power of appreciation and the impact of giving back. at united way of pennsylvania (uwp), gratitude is not just a seasonal theme—it’s a year-round commitment that fuels our mission and creates positive change across the state. this month, we invite everyone to join us...read moresaturday, november 23, 2024building solutions together at the pocono housing summit on november 20, 2024, pocono mountains united way and pocono mountains visitors bureau hosted the “more front doors: the pocono housing summit” at kalahari resorts & conventions. this pivotal event aimed at addressing the region’s critical housing challenges by fostering collaboration among industry leaders, policymakers, and community stakeholders.   the summit featured a keynote presentation by...read morefriday, november 22, 2024uwp & pa 211 is hiring a digital equity americorps vistajoin the uwp & pa 211 team as a digital equity americorps vista! in this role, you’ll help build and sustain the connect-pa digital equity hub, map services, develop outreach, engage organizations, and coordinate experts to support digital equity across pennsylvania. this position is full-time and requires a one-year commitment with weekly in-office days in...read morethursday, november 21, 2024pa 211: simplifying access to coordinated entry services for housing and supportat the heart of pennsylvania’s efforts to combat homelessness and housing insecurity lies pa 211, a vital connector between individuals in crisis and the services they need. as part of its mission to ensure that no pennsylvanian faces hardship alone, pa 211 plays a crucial role in coordinated entry, a centralized approach to streamline access...read moresunday, november 17, 2024united way of pennsylvania and our partners in actionhunger and homelessness awareness week is november 17 – 23, 2024 hunger and homelessness awareness week is a time to acknowledge the challenges that too many individuals and families face daily. in pennsylvania, these issues impact a significant portion of our population, straining local resources and intensifying the need for sustainable solutions. united way of...read morefriday, november 15, 2024the vital role of information & referral services in community well-beingin honor of national information & referral (i&r) day, celebrated annually on november 16th, pa 211 reflects the crucial role of i&r services across the commonwealth. in times of crisis, uncertainty, or when navigating complex social systems, individuals often find themselves in need of support and guidance. this is where information & referral (i&r) services...read morefriday, november 8, 2024bridging the digitial divide for underserved communitiesunited way of pennsylvania (uwp) digital equity consulting corps (decc) aims to bridge thedigital divide by promoting access to digital literacy and broadband adoption for underservedpopulations. this project targets low-income individuals, seniors, people with disabilities, criminaljustice involved individuals, alice households, and rural residents to fully participate in the digitaleconomy by addressing barriers such as broadband...read morethursday, october 24, 2024united way of pennsylvania announces brand refresh reflecting bold new vision for the futureunited way of pennsylvania (uwp) proudly joins united way worldwide (uww) in unveiling a refreshed brand strategy that reaffirms its commitment to transforming lives and communities across the commonwealth. as part of this global network, united way of pennsylvania is excited to align with this strategic update, which underscores the organization’s adaptability and ongoing impact....read morethursday, october 24, 2024leveraging pa 211 for disaster response and community recovery: insights from the 2024 kema conferenceearlier this week, emily aubele, vice president of pa 211, delivered a compelling presentation at the keystone emergency management association (kema) conference. the presentation was titled “leveraging pa 211 for disaster response and community recovery.” the session highlighted pa 211’s integral role in providing essential services and support during emergencies, from natural disasters to public...read moremonday, october 7, 2024pa 211’s role in digital navigation: bridging the digital divide in pennsylvaniain celebration of digital inclusion week (oct 7 – 11), pa 211 reflects on the efforts to support communities through digital navigation in today’s digital age, access to the internet and the necessary tools to navigate it have become essential for daily life. however, millions of pennsylvanians still struggle with digital access, whether due to...read morefriday, october 4, 2024pa 211 partners with penndot to enhance access to transportation services through icam grantthe pennsylvania department of transportation (penndot) has been awarded funding through the innovative coordinated access and mobility (icam) grant program to improve the find my ride program. this web-based platform is designed to serve as a comprehensive one-stop shop for human services transportation across the state, enabling individuals to easily find and book transportation services....read morefriday, september 27, 2024at cgi 2024, too small to fail launches new early literacy campaign to support families across pennsylvaniatoo small to fail, the early education initiative of the clinton foundation, launched a commitment to reach families across pennsylvania with information and tools to support early literacy, in partnership with the barbara bush foundation for family literacy (bbf) and the united way of pennsylvania (uwp). secretary hillary rodham clinton made the announcement at the clinton global initiative (cgi) 2024 annual...read morethursday, september 12, 2024wrapping up pa 211’s summer of special projects: a season of resilience and community supportas the summer comes to a close, pa 211 reflects on a season filled with extraordinary efforts to support communities across pennsylvania facing unexpected challenges. from natural disasters to critical infrastructure issues, pa 211 has been at the forefront, coordinating assistance and providing essential services to those in need. here’s a look back at some...read moretuesday, august 13, 2024pa 211’s critical role in supporting our community during the water advisoryin response to the recent water advisory issued by pennsylvania american water, pa 211 swiftly took action to assist community members who faced difficulties accessing bottled water. understanding the needs of those with disabilities, seniors, and individuals without transportation, pa 211 worked closely with pennsylvania emergency management agency (pema) to respond.  community members and volunteers...read morefriday, august 9, 2024united way of pennsylvania thanks verizon for supporting digital equity initiativesunited way of pennsylvania (uwp) extends its gratitude to verizon for their generous $50,000 grant, which will significantly enhance our efforts to promote digital equity across the state. this funding is crucial as we work to ensure that all pennsylvanians can access the expanding broadband infrastructure, particularly in underserved communities. as pennsylvania’s broadband development authority...read moretuesday, july 16, 2024uwp to participate in hill day in washington, d.c. next weeknext week, united way of pennsylvania staff will travel to washington, d.c. to participate in the 2024 advocacy forum & capitol hill day, along with over 150 colleagues from across the united states.  the event, hosted by united way worldwide, will bring together passionate individuals to learn together and advocate for our 2024 federal priorities....read morethursday, july 11, 2024pennsylvania’s 2024-2025 budget fails to deliver for alice families living paycheck to paycheckpennsylvania’s new state budget fails alice on multiple fronts – it does not provide targeted, meaningful tax relief that these workers need. this budget also fails to deliver any public investment that addresses the shortage of available child care in pennsylvania. these households, who generally earn too much to qualify for most public programs, and...read moretuesday, july 2, 2024united way of pennsylvania invites partner organizations, businesses, and elected officials to join us in a commitment to action to improve housing stability across the commonwealthstatement on the supreme court’s ruling in city of grants pass, oregon v. johnson on friday, june 28, 2024, the u.s. supreme court issued an opinion in city of grants pass, oregon v. johnson, upholding local ordinances that ban homeless people from sleeping and camping in public places. under this rule, localities will be able...read morefriday, june 14, 2024uwp receives $450,000 to develop an innovative housing initiative with eastern & western pa coc partners to improve housing stabilitythe pennsylvania housing finance agency (phfa) announced the recipients of the new round for funding for housing programs made available through the pennsylvania housing affordability and rehabilitation enhancement (phare) fund. uwp’s application for “eastern pa coc & western pa coc landlord engagement” will be funded along with 322 housing and community development initiatives across the...read morefriday, june 7, 2024united way network advocates for critical 211 funding at pa capitolon june 6, 10 local united ways and front-line pa 211 workers traveled to harrisburg to advocate for an increase in funding for pa 211. during the press conference, pa 211 team members talked about their life experiences, how 211 helped them in times of need or how they wished they had known about the...read moretuesday, may 28, 2024pa alice data shows highest number of working, financially-struggling households since 2010wage growth offset by stubborn inflation and the expiration of enhanced federal tax credits were some of the contributing factors to the highest numbers of households experiencing financial hardship in pennsylvania in 2022. though wages for the lowest paid jobs have risen across the country at the fastest rate in four decades, the number of...read moretuesday, may 21, 2024united way of lawrence county executive director gayle young wins distinguished leader awardon wednesday, may 15, united way of pennsylvania’s president kristen rotz, presented united way of lawrence county executive director gayle young with the inaugural distinguished leader award. this award was created by member chief professional officers to recognize a peer for positive leadership, creativity and innovation, as well as dedication to the mission and vision...read moretuesday, may 7, 2024uwp hiring part-time office coordinatoruwp seeks an experienced office coordinator professional to support our high-functioning team of in-office and remote workers. the successful candidate possess excellent organizational skills, the ability to coordinate multiples tasks, and finds joy in doing their part to contribute to our mission by supporting our internal team, including staff and boards of directors. they are...read morethursday, may 2, 2024announcing new partnership between 211 and 988!new partnership with pa 211 and chester county creates integration of 211 and 988 services via the chester county human needs network. pa 211 and chester county have partnered to provide chester county residents with a one stop shop for assistance with basic needs and mental health services.the human needs network will serve as a...read moremonday, april 15, 2024united way of the greater lehigh valley raised over $25 millionunited way of the greater lehigh valley raised a record-breaking $25,002,145 during its annual fundraising campaign, marking 14 consecutive years of growth for the nonprofit. the campaign was chaired by tony and adrienne dare of bsi corporate benefits, with a specific emphasis on the region’s rising mental health needs. the campaign was led by bsi...read morethursday, april 4, 2024aging our way, pa: a plan for lifelong independence- uwp commentsaging our way, pa is a 10-year roadmap to meet the needs of the commonwealth’s older adults and improve services for this rapidly growing population. the roadmap aims to address the issues of accessibility and affordability for housing, transportation, communication and information, social participation, digital equity and access, as well as other important aspects of...read morefriday, march 15, 2024united way of bucks county and county commissioners declares march alice awareness monthunited way of bucks county has partnered with county commissioners to declare march as alice awareness month, recognizing families like rachel who have benefited from the lift united program. the acronym stands for asset limited, income constrained, employed (alice) families. the proclamation, signed by the board of bucks county commissioners, aims to encourage community engagement,...read moresee more news 

see more events 

visit our facebook 

 - @visit our twitter 









united way of pennsylvania
					20 erford rd., suite 215
lemoyne, pa 17043				




sign up for our email newsletter!

email*


  

















facebook
twitter
youtube
instagram
linkedin
 





© copyright 2025 united way of pennsylvania
privacy policy
 
website created by round4




translate »




























