






hog neck golf course - home

































 (410) 822-6079








 book a tee time























tee times


online store


rates


memberships


events

upcoming events
tournaments
leagues



lessons

adult lessons
junior golf



stay & play


rules & conduct


golf board


contact us

















hog neck
the premier public golf course on maryland's eastern shore
proshop hours:  8:30am - 4:00pmfirst tee time:  9:00am
book a tee time


















   hog neck golf course!!
located in easton, maryland, features an 18-hole championship talbot county golf course as well as 9-hole executive course ready to test your golfing skills. in addition to our 27 holes of golf, we also offer an extremely large putting green, a newly designed chipping green complex, and a driving range with both grass and mat hitting areas.
spread out over 255 gently rolling acres, the par 72 championship course and the par 32 executive course are challenging tests for any golfer. with tees from 2,000 yards to just over 7,100 yards, hog neck has the talbot county golf to suit your game.
a challenging course for low, medium, or high handicap golfers, the 18 hole championship course places a premium on shotmaking with two nines of contrasting styles. the outward nine plays out of the woods on the first hole and immediately the golfers are faced with wide open wind-swept shots that have to navigate a plethora of bunkers and water hazards. upon making the turn onto the inward nine, golfers find themselves faced with much longer approach shots through a seemingly never ending forest of loblolly pines to well bunkered greens.




18 hole championship course

fully stocked pro shop
driving range




9 hole executive course
chipping green
putting green








saturday february 15th, 2025
 due to a snow covered areas of the golf course and rain in the forecast the championship course is closed.  executive course is closed today.  practice facilities are closed today.  
our winter rates are now in effect. 
 
 
 
 
 


hog neck golf course










easton md








pro shop

nestled away in a pine forest, the hog neck golf shop will likely be your first stop when you visit the facility. stocked full of the latest equipment, fashions and accessories, the golf shop has what you need whether you are a novice to the game or a seasoned player. our experienced staff at this talbot county golf course is always willing to help you find just what you need!

special orders available if not in stock.













get the latest news & promotions!







subscribe














 10142 old cordova rd easton, md 21601






 info@hogneck.com






 (410) 822-6079



















 powered by teequest tm






















