






divine viewpoint bible studies by buddy dano






 

 
 
 
 
 
 




welcome to divine
viewpoint bible studies
at www.divineviewpoint.com

here you'll find practical
bible studies by buddy dano designed to provide solutions for your every day
problems, give you peace, guidance, relaxation, hope, and assurance of eternal
life through belief in jesus christ as your personal savior.

“study to show thyself
approved unto god, a workman that needs not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the
word of truth,”
  2 timothy 2:15.
“believe on the lord jesus
christ, and you will be saved . . .”  acts 16:31.

mp3 audio files of buddy's divine
viewpoint bible studies. i'll be adding  more mp3s as time permits. enjoy and grow in grace and in the knowledge of our
savior, jesus
christ!

click
here for biblical information about america's challenge facing the terrorist
situation.






eccelsiastes 3:1-4, “to every thing there is a season, and a time to
    every purpose under the heaven: a time to be born, and a time to die; a time
    to plant, and a time to pluck up that which is planted; a time to kill, and
    a time to heal; a time to break down, and a time to build up; a time to
    weep, and a time to laugh; a time to mourn, and a time to dance.”

i hope that you have enjoyed and been blessed by the sugar sticks that buddy
has faithfully sent to encourage and strengthen believers in the lord jesus
christ. it is with very mixed emotions that i write this note to you to inform
you that buddy went home to be with the lord on sunday, january 19, 2003
   
buddy dano
may 20, 1922 – january 19, 2003

 psalm 116:15, “precious in the sight of the lord is the death of his
    saints.”

buddy will definitely be missed, as well as his gracious communication of
god’s holy word. but we know that he is in a better place with “no more
sorrow, no more tears, no more pain, and no more death.” he has gone from
grace to glory.
buddy has written several publications about the home going of a believer. at
this time you may want to review them on the divine viewpoint web site. they
include:
commanded to comfort
from here to eternity
the homegoing of a christian
cancer to christ
a preview of our
departure

john 14:1-3, “let not your heart be troubled: ye believe in god, believe
    also in me. in my father’s house are many mansions: if it were not so, i
    would have told you. i go to prepare a place for you. and if i go and
    prepare a place for you, i will come again, and receive you unto myself;
    that where i am, there ye may be also.”

ephesians 2:8-9, “for by grace you have been saved through faith; and
    that not of yourselves: it is the gift of god: not of works, lest any man
    should boast.”

psalm 84:11, “for the lord god is a sun and shield: the lord will give
    grace and glory: no good thing will he withhold from them that walk
    uprightly.”


it has been an honor and blessing to be a part of this ministry the past years.
i will continue to maintain the  divine viewpoint web site and will add
additional bible studies previously taught by buddy as time permits.

tribute to buddy dano – aired
january 25, 2003 on khcb radio, houston, by host rob christian

you
asked for it — here it is — dear
abba – a christian perspective on the infamous
“dear abby” syndicated column.
 
check out divine
sugar sticks for a quick spiritual energy boost
or for some serious biblical contemplation.
a page of millennial
promises. check them out for encouragement
throughout the new year.
most of these materials can be viewed
with adobe acrobat™ reader 5.0 or higher. click
here to download a free copy of
the latest version of acrobat reader. you can view the file below by clicking on
the highlighted name, or download it to your system by simply right clicking on
the highlighted name, choosing the “save link as” or “save target as”
option, and saving the file to the selected directory on your system (on the
pc). this will save the file in the directory you designate on your system.
you can then open the file at your leisure with adobe acrobat (remember the
directory you saved the file in).



vote for this site"top of the 'net"

what must i do to spend
eternity in heaven?
click
here to get your  free ticket to heaven.
it's as easy as just trusting jesus christ
as your personal savior.
“believe on the lord jesus
christ, and you will be saved . . .”
  acts 16:31.
“for by grace you have
been saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of god: not
of works, lest any man should boast,”
  ephesians 2:8-9.
“for god so loved the
world that he gave his only begotten son, that whosoever believes on him, shall
not perish, but have everlasting life,”
  john 3:16.
“but as many as received
him, to them gave he power to become the sons of god, even to them that believe
on his name,” john 1:12.
“he that believes on the
son has everlasting life: and he that believes not the son shall not see life;
but the wrath of god abides on him,”
  john 3:36.
“moreover, brethren, i
declare unto you the gospel which i preached unto you, which also ye have
received, and wherein ye stand; by which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory
what i preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain. for i delivered unto
you first of all that which i also received, how that christ died for our sins
according to the scriptures; and that he was buried, and that he rose again the
third day according to the scriptures,”
  1 corinthians 15:1.
“abraham believed god, and
it was counted unto him for righteousness. now to him that works (for salvation)
is the reward not reckoned of grace, but of debt. but to him that doesn't work
(for salvation), but believes on him that justifies the ungodly, his faith is
counted for righteousness,”
  romans 4:3–5.
“the lord is gracious and
compassionate, slow to anger and rich in love,” psalm 145:8.
“seek the lord while he
may be found, call upon him while he is near:  let the wicked forsake his
way, and the unrighteous man his thoughts: and let him return unto the lord, and
he will have mercy upon him; and to our god, for he will abundantly pardon,”
isaiah 55:8.
 

what's next?
once you've trusted in jesus
christ as your saviour, the next step is to study the bible so that you can grow
in wisdom, learn how to live the christian way of life, and grow in grace
towards spiritual maturity. thus, this web site . . .
“but grow in
grace, and in the knowledge of our lord and saviour jesus christ,”
 2
peter 3:18.

“study to show yourself
approved unto god, a workman that needs not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the
word of truth,”
  2 timothy 2:15.
“for my thoughts are not
your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, says the lord. for as the heavens
are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways, and my thoughts
than your thoughts,” isaiah 55:9.
“get wisdom, get
understanding: forget it not; neither decline from the words of my mouth,”
proverbs 4:5.
“the respect of the lord
is the beginning of knowledge: but fools despise wisdom and instruction,”
proverbs 1:7.
“for the lord gives
wisdom: out of his mouth comes knowledge and understanding,”
proverbs 2:6.
“happy is the man that
finds wisdom, and the man that gets understanding,” proverbs 3:13.
“wisdom is the principal
thing; therefore get wisdom: and with all your getting get understanding,”
proverbs 4:7.
“for wisdom is better than
rubies; and all the things that may be desired are not to be compared to it,”
proverbs 8:11.
“how much better is it to
get wisdom than gold! and to get understanding rather to be chosen than silver!”



proverbs 16:16.





new
literature

the career of satan
- three falls to a finish. would you hire this guy from
his resume?
god, man, and the god-man
- finally complete! a great study on
the many facets of christ.

life is not worth
living - have
circumstances in your life forced you to the point that you feel there is no use
in living?
promises
for prisoners of war

promises
for warfare

spiritual
adjustments to life - got
a problem? here's the how to handle it from the divine viewpoint
a
survival kit for a nuclear holocaust 
  -
seven principles for a survival kit for a believer's life
what
is the grace of god all about? - have you tasted the grace of god?
grace is totally dependent on the character of god.
when will the
nuclear disaster happen? -
will you be able to see it? how can you prepare for it? also covers satan's
strategy, dispensations, creation, the flood, civilizations, the ultimate source
of destruction, resurrection bodies, judgment, angelic conflict, application of
the word of god to your experience, claiming promises, why god destroys the
universe and human good, how to be shockproof, among other topics, too.


bible
studies
buddy dano's in-depth studies
of passages of scripture designed to provide encouragement for every day living.
through buddy's study of scripture you will learn how to live the christian way
of life – bringing contentment and happiness to your life as well as
glorifying the lord.
mini
doctrines
brief overviews of categories
of doctrine. scripture references included. check these out for a quick synopsis
of a biblical doctrine.

sugar
sticks
need a quick spiritual energy
boost? here's just what you need ... divine sugar sticks! previously developed on a daily
basis, sugar sticks are short, impactful gleanings from scripture sure to
enhance your relationship with the lord, helpful any day of the year.
dear
abba
 a christian perspective on the infamous
“dear abby” syndicated column.
the
tr room
search here for enlightening
information about america's greatest president – theodore roosevelt. find out
how this forgotten man lead america into the 20th century and became the best
and most beloved leader of the usa.




divine viewpoint  is a
grace-based ministry supported by free-will offerings. all of our bible study
materials are provided free of charge. if this ministry has benefited you and
you would like to contribute to help spreading the word (your time, ideas,
prayers, money, passing along these bible studies, etc.) please let us know.
“let everyone purpose in his mind what he should give.”divine
viewpoint is an online ministry of:
houston bible church
sugar land, tx  77478


comments about this web site? e-mail me.
back to my
home page


page updated 03/20/15 01:40 pm.






 
