



select maids house cleaning service and maid service



































































  select


maids



       


     
														

 




  nationwide cleaning service  
  select maids orange county maid service  
  and california house cleaning services.  




    nationwide  (866) 334-9768   




 
 orange county (657) 384-4137 



  



           




 copyright 2003 - 2025 - select maids           








 
 

home
   

 



area
   

 



price
 

 
 

nationwide estimates





   

estimates orange county
   


 

 



about us
 

 
 

cleaning service
   

 
 

maids service
   

 
 

maids
   

 
 

 house cleaning service
   

 
 

office cleaning services
   

 
 

janitorial and comercial cleaning
   


 

 



testimonials
   

 



contact
   








 
 

home
   

 
 

area
   

 
 

price
   

 
 

about us
   

 
 

contact
   

 
 

sitemap
   






  











  


  


  



 cleaning service 




 maid service 




 maids 

















select maids house cleaning service
 
orange county maids,  we handle house, apartment, condos, and janitorial services, housekeeping service, and office services.
 
free nationwide estimates!
house cleaning service, treat yourself, have more time to spend with family and friends!
select maids orange county maid service, house cleaning service, and office cleaning in southern california. 
want the job done right the first time? rated #1 cleaning service 12 years running and have an outstanding record with the bbb and our clients.
get select maids quality house cleaning service as well as office cleaning services, nationwide.
we take great pride in our house cleaning service. so much so that we have won several awards in the home and office cleaning service community. we have also been given the highest rating ever to a company, an a+ from the better business bureau. there is no other home or office cleaning service that maintains this high standard of quality and customer satisfaction.




do you really know your maid service company? select maids has been preforming quality maid service for 12 years in california
so what does california’s #1 maid service do next? we are now nationwide and have served over 100,000 new customers looking for quality maids they can trust. that is why we are featured in such magazines as better homes and gardens and green living.
ranked 5 stars can molly or merry maids say that?
orange county maid service in southern california has rates for small homes and apartments starting at $45.00
orange county house cleaning service areas
 costa mesa, buena park, huntington beach, irvine, laguna beach, laguna niguel, laguna hills, lake forest, newport beach and more in southern ca.





 house cleaning

service






 janitorial and

commercial cleaning






 office cleaning

services






 carpet cleaning

services



















 


more


 



 


more


 



 


more


 






 















 


 


 






































