







































travel & entertainment | supply chain management









      skip to main content
    






menu


supply chain management
















supply chain management











open search




search












    helpful links
    +




help


subscribe to email list


staff directory


all forms


org chart


uc learning center


website feedback


uc procurement forecasts









main navigation (extended config)



          our services





aggiesupply


aggiesurplus and services


buying goods 


buying services


payments


repro graphics


shipping and mailing


specialty services


supplier management


travel and entertainment


uc davis preferred partnership program (up3)





          for suppliers





register as a uc supplier


payment methods


small and diverse business resources


successful invoicing





          about us





about us


contact us


org charts






























travel & entertainment





breadcrumb


supply chain management


                  travel & entertainment
              























































 


travel & entertainment

trip registration new to travel? start here!airfareaggieexpense systemglide and cognos reportsdomestic travelcharter bus agreementsconnexucpreferred booking programflight credit sharingforeign traveltravel cardentertainmentremote work guidelinesrelocationsreportinghelp & resourcestrainingpoliciesemergency assistanceformsstaff listingfiscal close












the uc davis travel & entertainment team supports the needs of uc davis with a range of services, including expense reimbursement and guidance on policy requirements.

the university advises against any non-essential travel travel to russia, belarus, ukraine, or the middle east north africa region.


general overviewour team develops tools and learning resources for processing travel and entertainment, as well as manages relationships with travel services providers. we recommend starting with the new to travel page to learn more about the travel process, and set yourself up for success with your future travel planning and reconciliation.our teams:travel and entertainment quality assurance teamthe quality assurance team is responsible for auditing travel and entertainment reports for accuracy, completeness, and compliance with university of california and uc davis policies. the team utilizes the aggieexpense expense reporting system and aggie enterprise. the team strives to ensure that all reports are reviewed in a timely manner to meet the needs of university travelers and hosts.help desk and training teamthe help desk and training team provides customer service to university travelers, hosts, and arrangers related to a wide variety of needs. the team manages the travel help desk ticketing system, provides in-person and online training, and ensures that the website is kept current.   questions? contact the travel help desk team (campus or medical center in sacramento).card programs teamthe card programs team processes applications and other requests related to the travel card. in addition, they manage the uc davis direct billing program for airfare and local hotels. the team is responsible for reconciling outstanding balances and managing agency feeds.


tags

travel & entertainment
































questions or comments?
contact our web team










university of california, davis, one shields avenue, davis, ca 95616 | 530-752-1011

questions or comments? privacy & accessibility principles of community university of california sitemap last update: december 18, 2024 
copyright © the regents of the university of california, davis campus. all rights reserved.


this site is officially grown in sitefarm.










