      saintsreport.com  -  home page | new orleans saints - saintsreport.com        ssfeepelicanslsupoliticsnewsncaa outdoors gamedayfantasyvideo gamestrading posttech talklocker rmroad tripsbtl









home
what's new
latest activity
authors
forums
trending
advanced search
what's new
new posts
latest activity

jump
saints super forum
everything else
pelicans board
lsu sports
pdb archive
outdoors
gameday
video games
trading post
ebay auctions board
ticket exchange
road trips
tech talk
business connection
job connection
fantasy sports
locker room
where to watch
wallpapers
media
chat 0

log in


register






what's new


what's new
latest activity
authors
menu


log in


register
navigationinstall the app
install
more options
change style

contact us
close menu
javascript is disabled. for a better experience, please enable javascript in your browser before proceeding.you are using an out of date browser. it  may not display this or other websites correctly.you should upgrade or use an alternative browser.saintsreport.com  -  home page
featured news

kellen moore emphasizes tempo, motion as key offensive elements



andrus


friday at 9:50 pm

962

0



by ross jackson - louisianasports.net    

the new orleans saints introduced new head coach kellen moore on thursday and throughout his introductory press conference, the offensive play caller gave some glimpses into what his team and offense will look like in new orleans.

along with mentioning that he wants the team to be “fast, smart and physical,” a common desire of nfl head coaches, he also got into some specifics on two offensive elements he will look to implement in 2025: tempo and motion.

“i think the biggest thing from an offensive perspective is you got to stress the defense,” moore said. “whether it be tempo, which we’ll use a lot of. we like to use a lot of tempo every place that i’ve been. we’ll use shifts and motions when we huddle, but we want to stress the defense.”

looking at moore’s offense with the philadelphia eagles, it is easy to pick out the emphasis he placed on both of those modern offensive components.

use of motion

much like the saints, 2024 saw a notable increase of motion for the eagles. when it comes to overall motion usage, which includes both pre-snap motion and motion at the snap, moore’s arrival in philadelphia brought a noticeable change. ...

read the full story - louisianasports.net  
more saints related news:


derek carr to afc north? nfl writer has bold prediction for saints star
will the new orleans saints make a change at quarterback this offseason? it certainly is a question that the team is going to need to answer. the saints haven't



www.si.com


kellen moore reportedly hires ex-cowboys assistant as saints tes coach
the new orleans saints reportedly have a new tight ends coach. on thursday, nfl media's mike garafolo reported the saints hired former cowboys assistant chase h



www.si.com


derek carr: saints 'fortunate' to have veteran qb, says hc
while moore did not directly answer the question, which was whether or not the saints have a decision to make at quarterback or if the answer is on their roster, he still gave the veteran passer his flowers. given cap implications, signs point toward carr being on the roster in 2025, though as...



www.fantasypros.com


broncos hire coveted saints coordinator, report
sean payton finally got his guy in darren rizzi.



www.si.com


nfl writer proposes surprising option as saints' 2025 starting qb
the new orleans saints have a lot of cap issues that they are going to have to deal with this offseason. one question that is going to need to be answered is wh



www.si.com


new orleans saints request to interview former lsu football defensive coordinator
new orleans saints head coach kellen moore is less than a handful of day on the job as the organization's shot-caller, but he's moving quickly in assembling a s



www.si.com


nfl rumors shed light on future of new orleans saints' star players, including taysom hill
nfl rumors: find out which new orleans saints stars, including taysom hill, will be back with the team in 2025.



sportsnaut.com


saints mock draft: new orleans predicted to add 6’5 ‘dominant’ edge
the new orleans saints should be starting to think ahead to the national football league draft right now.  the nfl scouting combine will take place later in feb



www.si.com


3 trades saints should make after hiring kellen moore as head coach
with kellen moore as the new head coach in charge for the new orleans saints, it’s time for the team to make a few calculated moves.



whodatdish.com


rumor mill: is bo nix's coach really on saints' hiring radar?
until all the dominoes fall, the davis webb situation will be worth monitoring.



www.si.com


saints blockbuster trade idea dumps $13 million three-time pro bowler to bengals
the new orleans saints are headed for new beginnings, which was perfectly symbolized by the super bowl. on sunday, now-saints head coach kellen moore won super



www.si.comarticles from saints official site:> morning break: kellen moore is ready to create a positive future with the saintsother sources:> athlon sports: saints interim hc darren rizzi heads to broncos to reunite with sean payton> louisianasports.net: report: saints hire jim haslett’s son to coach tight ends> athlon sports: could the saints bring milton williams 'home' in free agency?> louisianasports.net: hanagriff: for moore, first up is the carr conundrum> athlon sports: kellen moore hire to saints heavily criticized by national pundit> athlon sports: ex-raiders qb derek carr dealt concerning news> sporting news: saints hc kellen moore predicted to pull off blockbuster trade for $240 million qb he coached as oc> atoz sports: nfl insider reveals major qb question for new saints coach kellen moorepodcasts & video: 
.. bts: kellen moore's 1st day as head coach | new orleans saints .. sal paolantonio, dave zangaro talk kellen moore | new orleans saints .. anthony mackie charity flag football event | new orleans saints           .. hebert: kellen moore has what it takes, but saints fans will need patience.. new orleans saints appear to be keeping qb derek carr for 2025 | pro football talk | nfl on nbc
.. new orleans saints, kellen moore can finally revitalize saints offense in 2025
..  did kellen moore tip saints' hand on plans for derek carr? 
.. hello, kellen moore: saints intro takeaways, derek carr questions & more           
.. reaction: kellen moore sticking with derek carr as saints qb? | why new orleans needs battle!.. kellen moore welcomed to the new orleans saints
.. saints request interview with former lsu dc | what is timeline for kellen moore staff hires?.. derek carr future with the saints in doubt after brother's comments? | james skrmetta reacts
.. major saints rumors: is kellen moore keeping derek carr?.. new hc kellen moore has 'work to do' in rebuilding saints roster | pro football talk | nfl on nbc.. every touchdown of 2024
.. is it time for the new orleans saints to move on from taysom hill?
.. kellen moore introductory press conference as saints head coach | james skrmetta reacts
.. saints just added a huge steal of a coach> saints discussion board

saints news


video





load more…123
…go to page
go9353
next
1 of 9353
go to page
go

next 


 last

latest saints news

saints to interview dolphins wr coach robert prince for their offensive coordinator vacancy
yesterday at 11:12 pmnews source: gwalker337replies: 0views: 38
new orleans saints hc kellen moore is wasting no time working to put together his staff.

after news broke earlier today that the saints are interviewing minnesota vikings db coach daronte jones, moore has begun making moves for the offensive side of the ball.

prince is a long time nfl assistant with a large resume, working for the atlanta falcons, jacksonville jaguars, detroit lions, houston texans, dallas cowboys, and most recently as wide receivers coach for the miami dolphins.

his time has varied between passing game coordinator roles and wide receiver coaching roles.

this name may...
continue reading...

saints interview a coach kellen moore has known for a very long time for oc
yesterday at 7:13 pmnews source: john siglerreplies: 0views: 57
this could be interesting. the new orleans saints are interviewing miami dolphins wide receivers coach robert prince for their offensive coordinator vacancy on saturday evening, per nfl network’s tom pelissero. the team also met with minnesota vikings assistant daronte jones to interview him for their defensive coordinator job earlier on saturday. kellen moore is working quickly to identify candidates and fill out his staff.

prince, 59, is someone kellen moore has known for a very long time. he was the boise state wide receivers coach at the same time moore was the broncos’ starting...
continue reading...

sb nation reacts results: how would you grade the saints hiring of kellen moore?
yesterday at 5:12 pmnews source: tina howellreplies: 0views: 37
earlier this week, we asked readers how they would grade the new orleans saints hiring of kellen moore? 55% of voters said that they would give them an “a” for selecting moore has the team’s new head coach.

this is not surprising at considering how much social media has been buzzing since the news of moore’s hiring became official and even more so after his first press conference on thursday morning. now that the saints have found their new leader, next up is rounding out his staff with both offensive and defensive coordinators and some of those interviews have already started today.
continue reading...

saints to interview vikings db coach daronte jones for vacant defensive coordinator position on saturday
yesterday at 5:12 pmnews source: nicjenningsreplies: 0views: 40
the new orleans saints will kick off their defensive coordinator search by interviewing minnesota vikings defensive backs coach/pass game coordinator daronte jones on saturday, according to espn’s adam schefter. jones has also had interviews with the jacksonville jaguars and chicago bears for their vacant dc positions during this coaching cycle.

the vikings recorded a league-high 24 interceptions in 2024 under jones, with cb byron murphy emerging as a star and logging six of his own (tied for third-most in the league), earning his first-ever pro bowl selection.

before returning to...
continue reading...

report: nfl coaches saying 'a lot of positive things' about spencer rattler
yesterday at 3:13 pmnews source: darrion grayreplies: 0views: 71
if you’re judging spencer rattler based on his winless record as a rookie, you’re taking the wrong approach.

yes, winning games is the obvious objective, but it’s important to look beyond the record when evaluating a player. that’s what coaches around the league are doing, and per nfl network’s tom pelissero, nfl coaches like what they see from the new orleans saints rookie.

rich eisen asked pelissero about kellen moore’s noncommittal answer on derek carr earlier this week. peliserro began speaking about carr’s contract before quickly pivoting to the rookie’s performance.

“a ton of...
continue reading...

saints viewed as the team most likely to overdraft jaxson dart
yesterday at 2:33 pmnews source: darrion grayreplies: 0views: 56
kellen moore was introduced as the new orleans saints head coach on thursday, but the report of him being less than enthused with the quarterback room will linger until at least the nfl draft, and possibly the entire offseason.

a decision on derek carr will likely be made soon. regardless of that decision, moore may desire to pick his own quarterback and turn his attention to this year’s draft class.

insert jaxson dart.

opinions seem to be split on where he may go in the upcoming draft. bleacher report’s scouting department believes dart is a prime candidate to be drafted too high due...
continue reading...

saints defender surprisingly makes the all-belichick team
yesterday at 2:33 pmnews source: darrion grayreplies: 0views: 43
if given three guesses, you probably wouldn’t pick which new orleans saints players made bill belichick’s all-belichick team.

if you guessed all-pro j.t. gray you’d have half the answer.

alvin kamara would likely be the first name to come to your mind. he was the star of the team this year. if you went to the defensive side of the ball, you may guess demario davis or bryan bresee. davis received all-pro votes and bresee was the breakout player of the year for new orleans.

paulson adebo is the other saint to appear on belichick’s list. adebo claiming one of four outside cornerback spots...
continue reading...

saints to interview vikings dbs coach daronte jones for dc position
yesterday at 1:53 pmnews source: lukeloffredoreplies: 0views: 44
under head coach kellen moore, the new orleans saints have been attempting to finalize their new staff for this upcoming season.

the team will be looking to potentially add to the defensive side of the ball soon as the saints are set to interview vikings pass game coordinator/defensive backs coach daronte jones for their defensive coordinator job. this would be jones’ third interview of this year’s cycle, having met with both the chicago bears and the jacksonville jaguars a few weeks back.


jones spent the last three seasons with the vikings mostly working under highly praised...
continue reading...

falcons te coach kevin koger declines an interview for saints oc position
yesterday at 8:33 amnews source: tina howellreplies: 0views: 61
atlanta falcons tight ends coach kevin koger has declined an interview with the new orleans saints for their offensive coordinator position, per a report by jonathan jones with cbs sports.

no reason is known yet as to why koger declined the interview but he has already interviewed with the dallas cowboys and the cleveland browns last month for their oc positions.

koger spent three seasons as the tight ends coach of the los angeles chargers before joining the falcons in 2024.
continue reading...

saints select senior bowl standout in post-super bowl mock draft
yesterday at 7:12 amnews source: dylan sandersreplies: 0views: 86
the nfl season is over and that means it is time to shift all of the focus to the offseason and especially for the new orleans saints, the 2025 nfl draft. they enter this next phase of the year with limited money and a fair amount of draft capital, starting with the ninth-overall selection.

with that first round pick, they could end up going in about any direction. in their first mock draft following the super bowl, bleacher report’s scouting department had new orleans selecting marshall thundering herd defensive lineman mike green.

here is what draft analyst matt holder had to say about...
continue reading...

2024 saints free agent report cards: was oli udoh a good signing?
yesterday at 6:41 amnews source: jeremy trottierreplies: 0views: 52
the nfl offseason is upon us, and the new orleans saints have found their next head coach as they look ahead to free agency on the horizon. however, with some time between now and then, we have the opportunity to take a quick look back at the 2024 offseason for the saints, and whether or not they made good choices when it came to signings and letting players walk.

one of the free agents the saints signed last season was offensive lineman oli udoh, who ended up getting a little bit of playing time for the team throughout the year but not a whole lot.

here is the signing summed up as well...
continue reading...

cesar ruiz salary: how much money did saints rg make this season?
yesterday at 5:23 amnews source: dylan sandersreplies: 0views: 46
there have been plenty of maligned new orleans saints draft picks in recent years, but one of the most challenged was offensive guard cesar ruiz.

the michigan wolverines product was a first round selection in the 2023 nfl draft, which meant expectations were going to be high right away. it is safe to say he did not match the bar set for him, which led to a lot of fans wanting him off the team.

now only did the saints not cut him, but they doubled down and signed him to an extension. to give credit to ruiz, he has been steadily improving each season. he may still not be an all-pro, or the...
continue reading...

2024 saints free agent report cards: was letting isaac yiadom go a big loss?
yesterday at 4:43 amnews source: jeremy trottierreplies: 0views: 43
the new orleans saints are nearing the offseason once again, and as the time passes by, we have some time to consider the previous year of signings and departures. while the 2024 offseason was not particularly one filled with an exorbitant amount of moves for the saints, there were definitely some notable ones that made things interesting.

one of the more intriguing departures from the saints was cornerback isaac yiadom, who after a career year ended up leaving them in pursuit of a new free-agent deal, and found one with the san francisco 49ers. here’s how things have gone for him both...
continue reading...

sources: broncos to hire saints' rizzi to lead st
friday at 5:02 pmnews source: jeff legwoldreplies: 0views: 40
the broncos are set to hire former saints interim coach darren rizzi as denver's new special teams coach, sources told espn's jeff legwold.
continue reading...

load more…



 
latest posts from our message boards



kellen moore attends his first pelicans game
(8 viewers)raginsaint93wednesday at 7:36 pmsaints super forum (main board)

2
replies22views1,333
3 minutes ago
alan12







poll
nfl draft
ashton jeanty or tyler warren?
(9 viewers)trusaintthursday at 11:40 amsaints super forum (main board)

2
3
4
5
replies65views2,717
16 minutes ago
jackdiesel






pro football & sports network, formally pro football network predicts nine wins for the saints in 2025
(11 viewers)derrickbyesterday at 3:35 pmsaints super forum (main board)replies11views373
55 minutes ago
dsnfla






mike garafolo: saints are set to make a decision on derek carr within the next few weeks; likely to have multiple suitors if released
(27 viewers)meilyfeb 9, 2025saints super forum (main board)

23
24
25
26
27
28
replies419views20,382
57 minutes ago
dsnfla







poll
should rattler be our starter in 2025? (merged)
(14 viewers)rsmith2783dec 30, 2024saints super forum (main board)

15
16
17
18
19
20
replies287views13,666
today at 1:25 am
pocket hercules






tyler warren vs mason taylor
(16 viewers)swampy saintyesterday at 5:56 pmsaints super forum (main board)

2
replies16views537
today at 1:02 am
joodas avila






elvis' 2025 cap and roster cleanup proposal
(16 viewers)elvisfeb 8, 2025saints super forum (main board)

7
8
9
10
11
12
replies174views7,109
today at 12:34 am
studiosaint






snl's 40th anniversary special
(2 viewers)ti riderfeb 16, 2015everything else board

2
3
4
replies46views3,109
yesterday at 11:59 pm
dj1bigtymer






nhl 2024-2025systemshockoct 5, 2024everything else board

2
3
4
replies51views1,629
yesterday at 11:55 pm
el caliente






the super bowl killed all star weekendsaint jackyesterday at 7:03 pmnew orleans pelicans boardreplies6views173
yesterday at 11:55 pm
el caliente






saints are interviewing dolphins wr coach /former boise state oc robert prince for offensive coordinator
(16 viewers)jeromed1936yesterday at 6:35 pmsaints super forum (main board)

2
3
replies32views1,650
yesterday at 11:53 pm
dsnfla






saints head coach kellen moore introductory press conference, media updates, february 13, 2025
(14 viewers)sonofnolathursday at 11:30 amsaints super forum (main board)

19
20
21
22
23
24
replies348views18,847
yesterday at 11:43 pm
studiosaint




view more…
share this page


facebook


 x (twitter)



reddit



pinterest



tumblr



whatsapp



email


share



link
saints team information 2024 schedule
 team roster
 nfl standings depth chart | depth chart 2 statistics | statistics 2 | nfl transactions injury report | report 2 | report 3 sr ticket exchange head-to-head franchise records draft history playoff history coaching history historical starting lineups franchise encyclopedia official site | youtube channel career leaders: passing | rushing | receiving | returns | kicking | defense | scoring single season leaders: passing | rushing | receiving | returns | kicking | scoring  
style chooser
change style
contact usterms and rulesprivacy policyhelp


facebook



twitter



contact us



rss
what's newnew postslatest activityforum statisticsthreads415,974messages9,403,466members28,485latest memberjo3269
community platform by xenforo® © 2010-2024 xenforo ltd.paid ads, paid registrations by addonflare - premium xf2 addonsquality add-ons made with 
by wmtech © 2025 webmachine technologies, inc.
some of the add-ons on this site are powered by  xenconcept™
©2017-2025 xenconcept ltd. (details)
parts of this site powered by xenforo add-ons from dragonbyte™
©2011-2025 dragonbyte technologies
(details)
 | add-ons by themehouse
this site uses cookies to help personalise content, tailor your experience and to keep you logged in if you register.
by continuing to use this site, you are consenting to our use of cookies.
accept
learn more…
back
top
bottom                  

   