







skinpractice.com: skin care advice and skin conditions fix




















































 










product reviews
recipes







 





welcome to skinpractice
search for your skin issue (e.g. cellulite)


search

or browse our skin issues library
 
p.s. i also write about sex toys (reviews and education) at thetoy. check my research there 🙂





 





your skin is one of the things people notice about you instantly. treating it properly matters.
here on skinpractice you can find detailed assessments about some of the top-rated beauty products, reviewed by expert in the cosmetology field. the information provided is based on real life experience and proven data.
our product reviews are written by licensed professionals with long experience in testing cosmetic formulas.

skinpractice gathers all the aspects you need to investigate before applying a something to your delicate skin. 
making informed decisions on your next beauty invenstment will save you a lot of money and disappointments.
acne

canker sores
cellulite
cold sores
corns and calluses
dermatitis creams
warts
ingrown nails
lichen planus
nail fungus
sebdem shampoos
scars
skin lightening
stretch marks
urticaria
to provide optimal care for our skin, we need to be correctly informed about how to maintain it best and to explore everything related to its status.
that is why we have included information not only about the most common skin conditions but also about the best over the counter products and home recipes you can use to fix them.
our team at skinpractice spends hundreds of hours researching clinical trials, customer reviews and cosmetologists recommendations so we can give you the best options on how to cure your skin condition.
you can browse our home recipes section if you would like to approach your skin condition in a more holistic way and use household items. 
microdermabrasion at home is one example of a beauty procedure that can save you both time and money.




 the purpose of this website is to provide helpful knowledge on skin-related topics. the information on skinpractice doesn’t apply to everyone. if you have cosmetic concerns or questions, please contact your skincarecare provider.
skinpactice.com is a participant in the amazon services llc associates program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com. if you are interested in my other work, i write about sex toys at thetoy.


 
all rights reserved 2016-2019
  
important links
about & contact
privacy policy
anti-spam policy















product reviews
recipes
 


search


recent posts


scars: the myths and the facts


laser scar removal [how is it done and what to expect]


pimple popping without leaving a scar


what is fakespot?


puriderma scar cream [fastest scar solution]


























 

