















take back georgia








































































take back georgia





































































































georgia on my mind: get to know the interesting peach state







whether you are already living in georgia or planning to visit there soon,
there are bits of interesting facts about the state that one must know. the
state was named after king george ii of england. one of the most common facts about georgia
is that it is the 4th state of the united states of america. the
state’s capital, atlanta, is also the largest city. georgia is called the
“peach state” because the farmers had a great reputation for growing peaches
and other fruits. in 1995, the peach became the state’s official fruit.

if you are interested in knowing more facts about georgia, you should know
that the state is also the country’s largest producer of peanuts, pecans and
peaches. being a good producer of food is notably one of the trademark
qualities of georgians. the state of georgia is indeed a land of hardworking
and great people. notable georgia natives include famous musicians such
as ray charles and amy grant to civil rights leader martin luther king,
jr. and james earl carter, jr., the 39th president of the
united states. there are many georgians who have brought pride to their native
state for their contributions to the society.

there are many facts about georgia that certainly makes the state’s
history more colorful and unique. one of the things that should be known about
the state is that it is the first one to allow 18 year-olds to vote. the state
has been advanced when it comes to changing the society and the rest of the
country for the better. being the 9th state in terms of population,
georgia remains to this day a great place to live in with the many
opportunities it offers for people seeking to excel in different careers and
trades.

however, if you want to know facts about georgia in terms of
places, the state boasts of many sites that people will definitely enjoy. the
cyclorama building in atlanta houses the largest mural in the world. the
artwork depicts a panoramic view of the civil war of atlanta. also in the same
city, the fast food drive-in restaurant the varsity is known to be the world’s
largest. for those who want to visit breath-taking sites, georgia boasts of
providence canyon, amicaloca falls, stone mountain, radium springs and more.
these places are great for vacations and for sight-seeing.


for those who are planning to visit cities in georgia such as columbus,
augusta, savannah and others, one must be prepared to have a good time. with a
great mix of people and interesting sights, these facts about georgia
that you just learned will come in handy. you’ll never run out of things to do
in georgia. whether you’re going to the state for a vacation or moving to it,
you’ll fall in love with the place. with the state’s rich history and
opportunities, one can find a home in one of the cities. georgia will indeed be
kept in people’s minds. 


















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest


























things you need to know about georgia workers compensation







people working in georgia who suffered from an
injury at work is eligible for their workers compensation benefit. georgia’s
board of workers compensation is currently administering the workers
compensation in this state.



it is best to know some basic of the rules so
that when you happen to need to file a workers’ compensation georgia claims,
you know what to do.



the first thing that you should know if you
suffer an injury while working is its categories. workers compensation
georgia categorizes injuries into 4: these are the occupational
disease, mental injuries, repeated trauma and traumatic physical injuries.
traumatic physical injury is the most common compensation claim because they
are classified as single accident that occurs in the workplace. repeated trauma
is a type of injury that occurs when a worker perform his job repeatedly
causing constant damage to his shoulders, hands or arms. he is also entitled to
compensation claim if he suffers from mental injuries. these injuries occur if
a worker suffers emotional trauma cause by serious physical injury such as
amputation.  



in case an employee suffers injury while working at
georgia, he may submit claim to ask for assistance for medical costs and
disability (permanent or partial) benefits. the state workers law states that
the monetary amount to be given to the worker will be dependent on the
classification of his disability. to illustrate, a worker who suffers from
total disability and renders him out of work for the rest of his life can
receive up to 2/3 of his average weekly wage. on the other hand, if a worker
was injured in the performance of his task, the state puts a specific time on
how long a worker will be given benefits; this will depend on the type and
extent of his injury. if the claim is properly filed, a worker should wait at
least seven days before receiving his benefits but when the disability lasts
for 21 days, a worker may receive a back pay for the first seven days
 known as retroactive pay.




a worker who suffers from an injury while working
should tell his employer about it as early as possible because under the workers compensation
georgia law, you are given 30 days to report your injury to
your employer. failure to do so within the specified time allot will result of
you not being able to get benefits. you have one year after your injury to file
a workers’ compensation claim with workers compensation georgia board
to receive benefits or one year from the date where your employer last provided
you with treatment. failure to follow this rule will mean that you cannot get
your compensation benefits. the employer will then notify its workers’
compensation insurer. if they both accept the liability, the claim will be
processed and your claim will be given to you. if in case, they both denied the
claim, the worker can submit the papers to the proper authority. you can also
hire a workers’
compensation georgia attorney to help you with your benefits
claim.



















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest























divorce in georgia






the united states ranks top among the countries with the highest divorce
rates in the world with 4.95 persons per 1,000 people. among all of its states,
new data from the u.s. census determined divorce in georgia as
one with highest divorce rates in the country. although this data indicate that
most marriages in georgia do not last, figures also suggest that georgia has
one of the highest marriage rates as well.

having a divorce in georgia is a serious matter. when you
find yourself subjected to divorce, you should give some serious consideration
to obtain legal advice from a lawyer near your residence.
based on section 19-5-5 of the georgia code, in order to file a divorce
in georgia, one of the spouse has to be a resident of the state for
not less than six months before the filing of the divorce.  

the legal grounds for divorce

the following are the grounds of a divorce in georgia:

having close blood relations.
mental incapacity during the time of marriage.
getting married by coercion, force, fraud, or menace.
pregnancy of the wife by another man other than the
     wife’s husband which is unknown to the husband during the time of
     marriage.
adultery in either of the parties.
willful and continued desertion by either the wife or
     the husband in one year term.
the conviction of either spouse that involves immoral
     turpitude by which one is sentenced to a penal institution for a term of
     two years or more.
a person’s habitual intoxication.
cruel treatment that includes willful infliction of
     mental or physical pain. upon the complaining party, the complainant has
     to reasonably justify apprehension of danger to life, limb, or health.
incurable mental illness.
habitual addiction to drugs which consists of addiction
     to any controlled substance as defined in article 2, chapter 13, title 16;
     (13)— irretrievable breakdown of the marriage

if you file a divorce in georgia on the grounds that your
marriage is permanently broken, with no hope of getting back together, a thirty
day waiting period has to be applied.

an application to divorce in georgia may also be refused to
be granted if the judge and the court find any of the following:

the adultery, desertion, cruelty etc. filed was planned
     or staged in order to get a divorce
either you or your spouse consented to the adultery,
     desertion, cruelty or intoxication
both have behaved the same way
either the husband or wife condones the act you are
     complaining about


division of property and child custody

georgia is a state of equitable distribution which means that the court
considers factors to an equal distribution of a marital property such as the
longevity of the marriage, personal economic contributions, and financial
resources of each. by definition, a marital property is something neither one
has acquired before the marriage. non-marital properties, however, are those
acquired before the marriage; thus, they are not included in the division of
property upon divorce. if you and your ex-husband or wife can agree on how to
divide a property, both can present a settlement agreement to the court.

the custody, on the other hand, is awarded to either of the spouse on the
best interest of the child or children. if a child has reached 14 years old,
the child shall have the liberty to select which parent he or she wishes to
live with. furthermore, in some cases where the child has reached 11 years of
age (not 14); the court shall still consider the child’s desire. also, the
educational needs will be considered of which parent shall have custody.the custody given by the court may be sole, joint, joint-legal, or
joint-physical custody, whichever is appropriate.





















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest






















how to benefit from georgia food stamp program









in the state of georgia, there is a program for
families and individual who are suffering from great financial loss. they have
initiated a food
stamps georgia program. this program provides assistance to
help every qualified individual or family pay for the cost of food. everyone
can apply for assistance under the department of human services in georgia. the
program food
stamps georgia gives benefits for families and other
individuals who cannot afford to buy the staple food to maintain their healthy
well being. this program assists people who have limited income and resources.



who can apply for this program? any individual or
low income family can apply for food stamps georgia program and
enjoy its many benefits. the program is specifically designed to help those
people who need food assistance. people who have food stamps can now afford to
feed themselves and their family members with nutritious and healthy food. it
is designed for everyone who will qualify to eat healthy. there is a website
designed for this food stamp that allows anyone to apply and get the benefits.



how to apply for a food stamp? if you would like
to apply for food
stamps georgia, all you have to do is go to their website and
apply for food stamps. in the main page, click the “apply for benefits” button
and then start your application. the website will also show you the many
benefits that you can get aside from the food stamp program. there are cash
assistance and medical aid too. you need to create your own account before you
can have an access and browse your application status. the site also provides
you with a downloadable application form. you can print it and after printing
the application form, fill out the basic information like list of your assets,
household size and income and then submit it to your local department of family
and children services office. if your application has been processed, you will
undergo an interview to see if you are qualified to benefit from the program.



how to receive food stamps? the most important
aspect for families and individuals to become qualified and receive benefits
from food
stamps georgia is that they should prove their identity and
income. their household size will also determine the amount of food assistance
they will get a month; the lower the income, the higher the chances of getting
food stamps. if your application has been approved, you will be issued a card
that can be used like cash in any food service location. food stamps can be
used to buy fruits, vegetables, milk and other meat products for an individual
or family.


how to find a food service
location? there lots of locations available in georgia wherein you can use your
food stamp card. you can find a specific location near you in the website or
you can visit or call your local county office to help you find a location near
you. if you have questions about the food stamp program, you can write of call
your local department of family and children services.


















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest























best beaches in the state of georgia








when people think about beaches the first thing that they conjure up in
their minds are the tropics with its swaying palm trees, white-sanded beaches,
and the warm weather. but you don’t have to travel to the caribbean islands or
to the philippines to visit the best beaches around the world, because the
state of georgia has a number of great beaches for you to visit.



although georgia is mostly known for attractions such as the stone mountain
and the martin luther king, jr., national historic site, only a few know about
the beautiful beaches of georgia. so what are the best beaches in georgia for
you to visit?



tybee island in georgia has one of the best beaches in the country what with
its humble vibe that will sate any beach-buddy’s appetite for sand and wave.
its rustic beauty presents a charm that families will adore, coupled with
picturesque sites to behold such as the old english lighthouse, it gives you
the opportunity to not only have fun on the beach but also immerse yourself in
the wonderful state’s history.



for those that want to go surfing or want an adventure the best place for
you to visit is cumberland island national seashore. not the most glamorous of
beaches, cumberland’s charms attracts nature lovers and those that want to ride
high surfs. with around 17 miles of beach and miles upon miles of nature
trails, you will never run out of places to visit or your own version of an
adventure here.



if you want to go to a place where tranquility reigns your best bet is on
st. simon’s island. as a small vacation island, st. simon has a quietness to it
that you will not find anywhere else. with romantic sunsets, calm waves, as
well as a historic lighthouse towering over the island, you wouldn’t want to
part with st. simon.



located just north of cumberland, you will find yourself in jekyll island.
home to around 10 miles of beach, jekyll island allows you to immerse yourself
in the unique beauty of nature what with its breath-taking sites that you will
absolutely marvel on. you will also get your dose of the vitamin d as jekyll
island’s sun-drenched sandy beaches are the perfect place to lounge around and
get a tan.



for those that want to experience not only the beaches of georgia but as well
as the glitz of the city and its festivals then st. mary’s is your stop.
perfect for tourists, st.mary’s accommodating atmosphere and inviting streets
and beaches is an all-in-one stop for anyone that wants both the glamour of the
city and the easy-going life on the beach.



have you ever seen an inland beach before in your life? here’s your chance
because john tanner state park’s beach is just that, an inland wonder where
people can rest easy and have a great time with their loved ones. perfect for
families that want to do activities together, you can find yourself boating,
fishing, or simply laying on the sand having a great time.


















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest






















the dangers of air pollution in atlanta






atlanta is the capital city of the state of georgia. it has a population
 of over 420 000 people making it one of the most populated cities in 
the u.s. in fact, the greater atlanta metropolitan area with a 
population of just under 5 300 000 people is the 9th largest 
metropolitan area in the u.s.

it is a city of diverse cultures, wonderful scenery and a thriving 
economy. the economic output of atlanta averages to about us$250bn 
annually. it is ranked as the 6th largest city in the u.s. and the 15th 
largest city worldwide when measured in terms of economic output.

unfortunately, its people, its economy and its environment are all under
 threat. this threat stems from the current state of air pollution in 
atlanta that has effectively cast a shadow of doubt on its future and 
that of its people. the future now seems uncertain and increasingly 
gloomy.

atlanta's air is filled with various substances that cause serious harm 
to its people, its environment and its economy. these substances which 
are technically termed as pollutants are mainly composed of nitrogen 
oxides, carbon monoxides, carbon dioxides and particulate matter all 
emitted from atlanta's vehicles. according to the u.s. public interest 
research group atlanta is the second most air polluted city in the u.s. 
due to the mileage covered by vehicles found within the city.

as of august 21, 2010 atlanta had 34 days of smog. this compares poorly 
to the national average. it only ranked second to los angeles which had a
 few more days of smog within the same year. air pollution in atlanta is
 also caused by it's electric plants which are mainly fueled by fossils.

the dangers posed by air pollution in atlanta are many. air pollution 
negatively affects the health of the people of atlanta, their 
environment and their economic wellbeing. . the most disturbing of these
 dangers are listed below;

1) health complications

air pollution has been scientifically proven to bring about or enhance 
the following medical conditions; asthma, bronchitis, strokes and heart 
disease. the high level of air pollution makes the people of atlanta 
extremely vulnerable to these adverse medical conditions.

children, senior citizens and people with serious pre-existing 
conditions within atlanta are at an even greater risk of developing 
these conditions.  

more specifically, children are likely to develop asthma and bronchitis.
 the particular danger posed by air pollution to children is mainly due 
to the fact that children do not have fully developed organs and organ 
systems that can cope with the increasingly polluted air they are forced
 to inhale.

research has showed that there was a substantial decrease in the amount 
of air pollution that was emitted in the city during the summer olympics
 in 1996 when transit was the common means of transport in atlanta. 
corresponding, there was a 45% drop in the number of emergency visits by
 children due to asthma attacks during the same time period.

senior citizens on the other hand are most likely to develop lung or 
heart diseases. it is important to note that air pollution has been 
known to reduce the capacity of human lungs by as much as 20%. the 
effects of this reduction are even more devastating when they occur in 
the lungs of senior citizens. this just goes to show how bad devastating
 air pollution can be to senior citizens.

other medical conditions that can arise include birth defects and a weakened immune system.

2) impact on the environment

air pollution in atlanta is contributing to increased levels of ground 
level ozone popularly termed as smog. this smog has reduced visibility 
of atlanta's skyline time and time again. the atlanta skyline has also 
been often been replaced with soot, dust and other opaque particles. 
this is not only an unpleasant experience but such conditions are 
harmful to the bird and other wildlife population within the atlanta 
metropolitan area.

the electric plants which use coal as the fossil fuel to generate energy
 for use in atlanta have huge coal ash ponds which they use to store 
waste emitted during the generation process. this coal ash dumps pose a 
serious environmental threat. they contain toxic material that leak into
 the ground, find their way to natural water systems. this leaked waste 
contaminates the water systems. the ripple effect of this contamination 
is the endangerment of the surrounding ecosystem.

3) effects on the economy

the effects of air pollution on the economy of atlanta are less 
pronounced as compared to the health and environmental effects but they 
are felt nonetheless. these effects include; increased medical bills for
 families, reduced capacity to work by the atlanta labor force due to 
increases in the number of medical conditions and the unnecessary costs 
of restoring atlanta's environment after it has been polluted.

air pollution should simply have been avoided in atlanta, families would
 have spent less on healthcare, they would then have had more income and
 therefore consumer spending would have increased. this would have in 
turn resulted in increased output by atlanta's industries and service 
sectors. sadly though, this is not the case.

the way forward

given the dangers that lie ahead it is imperative for the people of 
atlanta to devise ways and means of reducing the level of pollution that
 they are exposed to. concrete measures need to be taken by the state of
 georgia to ensure proper regulation of coal ash dumps in and around 
atlanta in addition to taking steps towards embracing embrace 
alternative energy.

atlanta which has been termed as the fastest sprawling city in recorded 
history by the atlanta journal constitution also needs to reduce the 
number of vehicles on its roads. this will ease traffic congestion and 
reduce green house gas emissions. it will also help to reduce the amount
 of smog the city is exposed to.

the population of atlanta is set to grow to about 40% by the year 2030. 
this is an extremely worrisome figure given the current trends in air 
pollution. the short and medium term goals of economic expansion and 
development need to give way to more sustainable long term visions of an
 economy in harmony with its environment. anything less is simply, 
unacceptable.


















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest
















home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2014

(3)





        ▼ 
      



march

(1)

georgia on my mind: get to know the interesting pe...








        ► 
      



february

(2)









        ► 
      



2013

(2)





        ► 
      



march

(1)







        ► 
      



february

(1)









        ► 
      



2012

(1)





        ► 
      



december

(1)
























































simple theme. powered by blogger.
























