























home | rockport marine













































 








  


menu









what can we help you find?


keyword*


search


 







home

rockport marine homepage 


design

design servicesdesign portfolioclassic yacht restoration 


construction

new boat construction portfolio 


restoration

yacht restoration portfolio 


service & storage

general service & storage infoservice yard rates 


company

our storymeet the teamemployment opportunitiesvideosjoin our mailing listcontact & location 























































































previous



next







custom wooden boatbuilding
yacht restoration
yacht design
rockport marine’s team of craftsmen design, build, and restore some of the world’s most renowned wooden yachts.







build
mar amore

a shallow ballast keel slotted for a centerboard not only means that the little wolf-38 floats in only three and a half feet of water but also that you can bring her into a beach and, in waist-deep water, walk all around . . .
 mar amore details
learn more about our boatbuilding services






design
r37

the r37 is an ideal dayboat and yet is remarkably well-equipped for simple cruising. with roots in the lobster yachts from the 1950s by newbert and wallace, the type and scale were selected to balance sea kindliness, moderate speed . . .
 r37 details
learn more about our yacht design services








restoration
latifa

at the beginning of the global pandemic latifa paused a long-range cruise and returned to rockport marine for a systems refit, interior joinery, cosmetics upgrade, and a rig inspection.
 latifa details
learn more about our wood boat restoration services






project ouzel
hull of 95-foot sailing yacht goes right-side-up for the first time

currently in construction is a milestone project for rockport marine, project ouzel, a 95′ (29m) cold-molded classic performance sloop.
 more about project ouzel








rockport, maine
service & storage
custom wooden boatbuilding
yacht restoration
yacht design
rockport marine’s team of craftsmen design, build, and restore some of the world’s most renowned wooden yachts.
learn more
















home
design
construction
restoration
service & storage
company
 

our story
meet the team
videos
join our mailing list
contact & location
eggemoggin reach regatta
 



1 main street, rockport, me 04856
44°11’13.2″n, 69°04’21.9″w
email us
207-236-9651















		  			copyright © 2019 - 2025 rockport marine. all rights reserved.     |   website design and development by 5iveleaf design studio.










































































