






the alabama, pensacola and northwest florida area boating, fishing, maritime history and gulf coast retirement and vacation real estate site














 pensacola and the great gulf coast  





























paradise - our definition : the western gate to the sunshine state 
				where thousands live the way millions wished they could!*welcome 
				to northwest florida - welcome to paradise!





fishing & boating
yacht sales
attractions
diving
accomodations
local governments
maritime links
services




pensacola and northwest floridafun and pleasure all year long!


pensacola celebrated its 450th birthday in 2009!












					pensacola, founded by spain in 1559, is the first 
					european settlement in the united states. it developed into a vibrant, major seaport of the 
					19th century and a region that today is considered one of the fastest growing areas in the united states. "the visit from king juan carlos i is the highlight of the city's year-long 
					celebration," said mayor john fogg. "his visit brought our city international attention, 
					confirming the significance of pensacola's place in history as north america's first major european settlement."
it's a great place to visit, live, or retire to.





click here for pensacola beach information






home of the famous blue angels









for pensacola area real estate info 
					click here!








king juan carlos i and queen sofia of spain visited pensacola in 
					2009 to celebrate it's 450 years. click here for visitor information.

juan sebastian de elcano visits pensacola. click here for larger photo.









city of 5 flags






we've got it all! the north gulf coast is steeped in history and offers outstanding recreational, educational, and commerical opportunites. 
			our maritime resources boasts the former aircraft carrier uss oriskany, which is the largest artifical fishing and diving reef in the world. 
			the university of west florida has one of the best underwater archeology programs anywhere, and is in the process of founding the 
			offical state of florida maritime museum in pensacola! visit the chamber's of commerce from around our area in the menus above and learn 
			about the myriad of business opportunities that abound on the north gulf coast. 

















boatyard - marina~ marine supplies ~
pelicans perch marina & boatyard

click here for boat care and storage in northwest florida.



pensacola history on video
a great 
				video produced for the "history at the next exit" project. highlights pensacola's delightfully rich history!! click on the photo 
				to run the video. (wmv format)




pensacola, 
					floridais the best place for your business. 
					click here to find out more!




history!

the pensacola maritime site offers photos and stories about our area.  click on the photo. 
				





yacht power!!
click here for discount new & rebuilt diesel engines, outdrives, generators, gears, and more!







visit beck's lake fish camp
great fishing and boating! 
					click here!




artificial reefs!

out area provides some of the best fishing and diving anywhere!! click on the photo 
				to visit our gulf waters.

see pensacola on video!
a great 
				5 minute video produced by the port of pensacola to lure cruise 
				ships to stop over, this video shows you the highlights of one of america's most historical and interesting city!! click on the photo 
				to run the video.





pensacola's new maritime park and museum!



a great video presentation of the world class maritime park and museum to be built in pensacola. click on the image for more info.






pensacola real estate

click here for pensacola area homes, condos, and land for sale!









attention future retirees - please consider northwest florida or south alabama real estate.
we're realtors in both florida and alabama and worth with real estate counselors of 
				pensacola, florida. we know that there are many great places to retire or relocate to. we just happen to 
				believe that the pensacola, florida and orange beach / gulf shores, alabama area is the best!
				we have it all. great health care, shopping, military bases for military retirees, arts, culture, 
				beautiful beaches, history, many outdoor recreation opportunities, fresh and saltwater fishing, and many fine golf courses.
				we also don't have snow, death taxes, or investment taxes. we have temperate winters and a real fall and spring! 
				we offer great opportunites in vacant land, farms and acreage as well as condos and homes.
				
				whether you're planning ahead with vacant property, an investor looking for income, or looking to move soon, we can help. 
				real estate has been proven to be an excellent long term investment and land in our area has been no exception. 
				check out www.pensacolahomesales.net or 
				www.southalabamaproperties.com for more information.
				 for businesses looking to establish a toe-hold or relocate a headquarters, please visit 
				www.pensacolacommercialrealty.com 













please visit the sites below for great deals!






pray for our armed forces



ami - buy or donate a yacht to help at-risk kids"


click here for low airfares to pensacola and the usa!










discounted diesels!new & rebuilt marine & industrial diesels and transmissions at great 
				prices.click here!




pensacola business list - get listed!





gulf marine supply
click here for discount marine & industrial supplies!
				






oil contamination?!we have hungry bacteria that just "loves" oil! 
				used world-wide wide on major spills & contamination. large & small quanities 
				available!click here!





















power generation equipmentfrom 10 mw to over 500 mw. 
					landbased power plants and floating. worldwide locations.
click here!






click here for a true "knowledge base" 
				with important information for the "smart sailor"!








check out basspro shops for your every outdoor need!
click here!







need a job in the marine industry?
click here!











 






linkshare  referral  prg







 









contact us



* quote from our beloved vince whibbs, sr., (february 8, 1920 – may 30, 2006) . mayor of the city of pensacola, florida from 1978 - 1991.









