



the shema yisrael torah network
























 


about us | shulchan aruch project | contact us | | spanish





 

welcome to the shema yisrael website learning/continuing education,



yeshiva pirchei shoshanim


learn about the seven noahide laws


sign up today
the shema yisrael torah network, through yeshiva pirchei shoshanim its educational partner, has opened up to the world a commentary on the code of jewish law [the shulchan aruch] which was difficult for many scholars to understand and master let alone others who do not have a background in jewish law let alone a mastery of the hebrew language written in its cryptic format. after 500 years, thousands throughout the world have access to understand the code of jewish law in english, hebrew and spanish.
throughout the world, from melbourne to brussels and from buenos aires to new york, many have achieved semicha/ordination. yeshiva pirchei shoshanim is becoming the largest rabbinical association in the world. the talmidim/students have achieved immeasurable success changing communities thoughout the globe.
pirchei shoshanim is recognized by the united states department of defense d.o.d. of military chaplains, endorsing its chaplain rabbis to be eligible for the u.s. army, navy, airforce, marines, coast guard, national guard and civil air patrol. 10's of thousands of u.s. military men and women, regardless of their race, creed or color are being spiritually guided and encouraged by our chaplains as they serve in every theatre on the planet.
many of the most distinguished and accomplished physicians, attorneys, financial experts, cpa's, phd's, architects and more have achieved the challenge of the semicha/ordination program. this more than anything else has allowed these talented and successful people to spiritually change themselves achieving untold success. as a result, they have changed themselves, which has led to a change in their families. this ultimately has led to an entire spiritual change in their communities regardless of their past spiritual upbringing. in order to grow and prosper as a jew one must spiritually continue to grow. if one does not go up the opposite happens and quite rapidly.
recently, yeshiva pirchei shoshanim's program was granted the right to give college credits thereby allowing thousands of observant jews to supplement their college program with the code of jewish law in all areas. the goal of the yeshiva is to open up the wellsprings of the depths of the torah to the entire world so we can help achieve the true understanding of what the purpose of life is in the short time we have on this world to achieve it.
regardless of your experience and teachings, we can teach anyone about torah and halacha and can help enlighten anyone on how to properly pray, keep a kosher kitchen, learn hebrew, and much more. you can complete the shulchan aruch program at your own pace and according to your own schedule. our rabbis are also available to answer any questions that you may have.
the shema yisrael torah network allows everyone to learn the code of jewish law (halacha). one can learn to become a rabbi with (smicha) ordination. one can learn the laws of judges (dayanim), the laws of being a witness (eidus), the laws of hiring workers, the laws of paying workers (schirus poalim), the laws of mourning (aveilus), the laws of damages between neighbors, the laws of judging people, and partnerships law. the laws of loans, the laws of lending money (halvaah), the laws of interest (ribis), the laws of recovering lost articles (hashovas aveida), the laws of marriage (kiddushin),the laws of divorce (gittin), the laws of keeping the shabbos, the laws of eruvin, the laws of nida (family purity), the laws of conversion (geirus), the laws of circumcision (bris miila), and more (please contact us).


 





 

sign up today, classes starting now










  



yeshiva pirchei shoshanim



learn hebrew

learn aleph beis


pictorial book series


   









donate to shema



torah and learning
shulchan aruch project

ask the rabbi

donate to shema


hashgaha protis (divine providence) stories
hear the shema reading
shema yisrael israel site

learn hebrew
mishna yomis

nefesh hachaim - audio classes in english
noahide laws
ozer hatorah

pictorial series
pirchei shoshanim
antwerp kosher
put a prayer in the wall (kotel)
the ramban's letter
shaatnez site
spanish network
talmidim speak about r' aharon kotler
the 13 middos
tours of israel
the vilna gaon's letter

daf yomi

daf yomi commentaries
dafhachaim.org

livedaf.net
see the daf

amud yomi
daily gemara
lamed daat


section for women

our lives



weekly torah reading


weekly shabbos halacha series
rabbi zev leff
midei shabbos
imrei shefer on the parsha
parsha potpourri
weekly chizuk
torah attitude
torah mitzion
peninim on the torah
bigdei kahuna
beloved companions
beloved children
jersey shore torah bulletin
kinder torah
sedra selections
oroh vesimchoh
chassidic insights
chamishoh mi yodei'a
what's bothering rashi?
between the fish and the soup
morsels of hebrew grammar
daf hashavua
and much more
torah from tzfat
weekly haftorah archives
from the prophets - on the haftara


short d'var torahs

hear a daily halacha
chofetz chaim yomi
weekly halacha series
jewish holidays
laws of shmita
jewish burial customs



reading material

torah organizations
online reading room
children's online reading room
topics that affect our torah life
books on science and halacha
mitzva insights
jewish burial customs
virtual geula


international

french network(1)
french network(2)
spanish program



sunrise calendars

sunrise / sunset times
zemanim for anywhere



other torah sites

ami magazine
brachos directory
brachos site
breslov torah shiurim
chavrusa match

jewish history and thought
jewish radio at its best

learn torah by heart incredibly easily!
practical halacha

see the western wall live
torah umesorah education materials




 












news and media

ami magazine
mishpacha magazine
see the kotel live
hear the shema reading

new york jewish radio
bnei noach


sunrise calendars
zemanim for anywhere
sunrise / sunset times


special interest links
weekly halacha series
shmiras halashon
 clarifying the purpose of life
our universal vision
jews in prison
why a jewish burial
personal relationships
 partners in torah


tools and services
dear rabbi i have a question
ask rabbi leff

tehillim

circumcision
kitzur shulchan aruch


how to learn the gemara




















home
about us
shulchan aruch project
contact us

 

copyright © 2008-2021 shemayisrael.com. all rights reserved.

   








