

home page





 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close












1970 plymouth road runner & gtx registry home page11/17/07





home page
registration form
feature articles
facts and figures 
facts and figures 2
for sale/wanted page
submit an ad
new registrants rides
favorite links page





website closed for undetermined period of timedue to workload and other priorities, i'm closing the website for an undetermined amount of time.  i will not be updating charts, answering emails or updating "for sale/wanted" items during this period.  sorry for the inconvenience charts updated 7/15/07.feature article updated july 15th, 2007.over 1500 cars now registered!
dedicated to 70 road runners and gtx's, this site is intended to provide valuable and interesting information on these mopar masterpieces.included is a featured car article, a "for sale/wanted" page and charts/graphs that provide details on colors, interiors, drivetrain combos, striping and other options of all the cars in the registry.



online registration
there's also an online registration page that will allow anyone to register a car.   by registering, the info provided will be added into our database of over 1500 cars!the only use of the info provided is to present facts and figures on how many of these cars are still in existance, their options, color combinations, etc...
for interesting registry facts and figures, click hereregister your car today, it's easy, free and confidential!select "registration form" from the sidebar menu or

feedback, want to have your car featured, have an interesting story to tell?  contact us at:rrgtx1970@yahoo.com 


confidentiality agreement
the only use of the information provided via the registration form is to tabulate data and present the information in the form of tables and charts. no serial numbers, phone numbers, addresses or email addresses will be revealed on this website or in any other fashion.  the sole purpose of collecting this info is to provide you, the owner or enthusiast, with valuable figures on how rare and unique each car is! 
for interesting registry facts and figures, click here
contact us at:
rrgtx1970@yahoo.com

engine
this gtx is featured on the featured articles page.
click here to read more








number of visitors 









