


manhattan realty















manhattan realty
menu
contact us
 

searching
find a property


browse listings
get broker assistance

purchasing
buy a property

residential
offices
building properties

selling
appraise & sell your property

about
us


nobody knows manhattan like we know manhattan.






manhattan realty is a full-service commercial real estate firm specializing in manhattan real estate – from large corporations to emerging start-ups and small businesses. we have a highly experienced team of brokers ready to help your business in locating the perfect property. 
in the highly competitive and lucrative new york city real estate market having the finest and most knowledgeable real estate resources at your disposal is vital for success.more about us

properties

west village condo loftview


chelsea coop officeview


the grand hotelview

view more properties


broker assistance






name 

company 

phone 

email 


desired location


all manhattan
chelsea
financial district
flatiron district
lower east side
midtown
soho
tribeca
upper east side
upper west side
west village



property type


any type
residential
offices
building properties
retail



price

        per sqft 
        total 




size



please enter this word:

change word





















each and every real estate investment brings with it the prospect for greater rewards; however they also bring unique challenges and revelations.
no other real estate arena represents the profit generating potential more than in the manhattan new york real-estate market. whether an investor is looking to obtain a commercial property, residential property, mixed use residential apartment building or a property for land development the necessity for quality advice and an experienced real estate resources remains the same. as a property owner or potential investor if your goal is to secure a an investment property for steady cash-flow or if you are interested in more of a long-term hold; research in real estate investment and market trends is key as the economy and market flux directly affects your investment. 
in the same way, financing research and due diligence on your potential investment is equally important. as they can end your goal before it gets off the ground or uncover potentially damaging surprises. these truths present a notable challenge for any investor, whether novice or professional. more importantly this is where having a quality, experienced real estate professionals on your side proves its worth.
what manhattan realty offers is excellence in key aspects, as your real estate resource. we are a reservoir of talent, a foundation of experience and a proven track record of adaptability in the ever changing new york city real estate market; focused always on the success of your investment goals. we are a team working for you on all facets of your residential and commercial real estate interests. 
operating for 20 years exclusively in manhattan our team represents the top tier of investment real estate experts. as a result we proudly enjoy one of the most extensive commercial property research databases and networks in the area. this allows our brokers to offer a consummate real estate advisory service. as well as provide listings of the most potentially profitable building properties for sale. 
our finance consultants will answer any questions or concerns and advise you on investment property loans or raising capital. we truly understand the enormity and the importance of your ambitions and will work closely with you in keeping your best interests front and center, as your personal real estate resource and adviser.

rebny
sitemap
copyright © 2014. manhattan realty.all rights reserved.




















