


























international society of automation (isa)
















join


renew


connect


blogs


isagca


logo merchandise


career center










login




shop






artificial intelligence notice: isa prohibits the entry of isa standards and related isa intellectual property (“isa ip”) into any form of artificial intelligence (ai) tools, such as chatgpt. additionally, creating derivatives of isa ip using ai is also prohibited without express written permission from isa’s ceo. in the case of such use, isa will suspend a licensee’s access to isa ip, and further legal action will be considered.  please review isa's terms and conditions for further information.






















close

standards

standards
list of all isa standards by topic
standards committees
committee tools and guidelines
standards news
view isa standards: a member benefit
isa-95 standard
isa/iec 62443 series of standards



certification

cap
ccst
certificate programs
credential directory
isa100 wireless
isasecure



training

courses by topic
course formats
custom training solutions
skills development resource navigator
training partners
become an instructor
access online training
list of training events
isa business academy



membership

membership
geographic sections
young professionals
students
recognition
member source
isa mentor



events

events & conferences
sponsorship
automation summit & expo
ot cybersecurity summit



publications

pub hub
publications
books
intech
position papers and white papers
automation.com
directory of automation
transactions
software



news

press room
media resources
podomation podcast



about

history of isa
leadership
strategic plan
technical content topics
what is automation
governing documents
media resources
get involved
contact us








cancel
search site

























































sm
















setting the standard for automation™            
the international society of automation (isa) is a non-profit professional association of engineers, technicians, and management engaged in industrial automation. as the globally trusted provider of foundational standards-based technical resources for the profession, isa strives to build a better world through automation.

join us

















 


hi, i am mimosm, the isa mascot!
i am an ai-powered large-language model educated on isa content: standards, training, reports, articles, and presentations. ask me all of your questions about industrial automation! 

chat with mimo now







read the latest from isa







isa’s third annual ot cybersecurity event releases full program


the 2025 ot cybersecurity summit in brussels will be organized around two major topics: threat intelligence and securing the supply chain.

view the news release







looking ahead: isa's three-year strategy

2025 isa president scott reynolds shares the society's three-year strategy and how isa is set up to succeed.
view the isa blog







securing operations and building resilience in critical infrastructure

the isa global cybersecurity alliance held a webinar with panelists discussing how the "secure by operations" concept aligns with the isa/iec 62443 standards.view the isagca blog







introducing automation.com monthly

this new digital magazine combines intech and automation 2024. the first issue explores iiot and digital transformation.view on automation.com









upcoming events






isa connect live 
your career path in automation
5 march 2025 | 11:00 a.m. et
register now







2025 isa ot cybersecurity summit
17-19 june 2025 | brussels, belgium
insights and understanding of how to use standards and conformance systems to keep operational technology (ot) safe and secure.
register now
  event details







2025 isa automation summit & expo–usa
5-9 october 2025 | disney’s coronado springs resort, lake buena vista, florida, usa
strategic ot cybersafety with isa/iec 62443 
intelligent innovation for a secure world
register now
  event details






view all




 isa’s mission is to advance technical competence by connecting the automation community to achieve operational excellence.
i am interested in

connectivity & cybersecurity
digital transformation and industry 4.0
process automation and control
factory automation and machine control
operations and management

go






explore isa







become a member

isa offers professional and student memberships with benefits. join today.membership options







annual membership renewal

there is still time to renew! login to your account today to keep your membership current.renew now







grow your automation prospects with isa

invest in your career with isa self-paced modular training. start learning for free today!get started







find isa standards

since 1949, isa has helped automation professionals streamline processes and improve safety, efficiency and profitability. find standards













featured products





execute projects with confidence
get real-world, practical lessons with isa's automation project management specialist certificate.





isa/iec 62443 series of standards
the world’s only consensus-based automation and control systems cybersecurity standards.






custom training solutions
flexible onsite and online training solutions for an adaptable, skilled workforce.






isa business academy
a 10-week virtual mini-mba certification course focused on teaching the fundamentals of organizational management and business finance.









isa is proud to be awarded a 2024 top-rated badge from great nonprofits! 
 



read the announcement.












featured links

isa global cybersecurity alliance (isagca)
cybersecurity resources
learn about isa certificate training programs
isa standards by category
get involved with isa standards


















international society of automationpo box 12277research triangle park, nc 27709email: info@isa.orgphone: +1 919-549-8411fax: +1 919-549-8288






contact us


about


privacy policy


terms & conditions


do not sell my info - ca residents only


site map



© 2025 international society of automation, its licensors, and contributors. all rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, ai training, and similar technologies.






facebook




tiktok




twitter




youtube




linkedin




instagram




pinterest














