




just france
































menu
close




just france








home
about jf
france festivals
advertising
contact


home
about jf
france festivals
advertising
contact









august 17, 2021

adult dating sites for france that actually work? get easy hookups.


looking for a date in france, or just to meet someone new to chat and have fun with? dating sites have taken over the world, and while they’re a great way to meet new people, it’s not easy to pick one. that’s why we found out which ones actually work in france, so you won’t waste any time and you can start meeting new people with ease.
how to choose a dating site that works in france
we checked out a range of free sex hookup sites to see which one is most reliable and worthwhile, and we’ve come up with a few do’s and don’ts. 
here are our recommendations for dating apps you can download to your phone. just to be clear, there are many great dating apps around today that are worth checking out, and we recommend you head over to adult dating and take their quiz. don’t just take our word on it.
meetic
want to meet more french girls for fun dates? then why not go to meetic and find like-minded women in your local area. after all, how else will you find a woman from paris or avignon in vichy? if you’re a foreign national and you don’t live in the vicinity, you can get a girl here as well.
worry no more about being too foreign for local girls. believe it or not, there are quite a few french women who will make friends and possibly a few good dates or hookups with you. 
tinder
hands down, tinder is the largest dating site in the world, and is very popular in france. with more than 50 million users worldwide, it’s easy to see why.
while people like being able to swipe right if they want to meet someone, and left if they want to go in different directions, the people we spoke to said there were other great reasons for using tinder. “tinder is great because of its simplicity,” explained one student. “swiping isn’t that difficult, and there’s no commitment, so you can be very casual about it. it’s great for students and it’s easy to use.” 
with a profile that takes seconds to set up, all you need is to link your facebook and twitter profiles and voilà! it’s that simple. 
happn
the premier dating app in france, happn is tailored for the french dating scene. it’s the most popular dating app in france, so it’s unsurprising to see a high number of users and a high satisfaction rating. it lets you know what you’re up against so you can decide what you’re prepared to do, if anything, and how much you’re prepared to give up to get a date. 
happn is all about finding a new partner, not someone to hook up with. if you’re looking for a french girlfriend, then consider using the happn app to make contact with french girls from around the world who are also on the same hunt for love. when you arrive at a match, they’ll be a welcome face, ready to chat and discover if you’ll click.
bumble
we’ve written about bumble before, but it’s still one of the best dating apps for finding a serious relationship in france. all you have to do is swipe through a profile, and when you like what you see, the two of you will be added on a date. it’s also free and very simple.
match.com
just like bumble, match is another easy and efficient way to find dates in france. to get started, you need to create an account and after that, you can swipe through tons of profiles.
ladies, there are even options to chat on the site, if you want to just find someone new to chat with.
conclusion
france is a fabulous country, but sometimes it can be a bit frustrating to find a date, or be matched up with someone you like. but you’ve come to the right place, because we’ve uncovered the hottest dating sites for women and men in france to get the goods and match up with the right person. so, you don’t need to sweat anymore. have you tried these dating sites?





 




april 19, 2021

best places for casual dating in france


if you’re looking for the best places for casual dating in france, here are  the perfect places for you. 
from the alps to the french riviera, couples looking for a honeymoon destination or a perfect summer vacation will find romantic destinations that suit them.
there are many good cities in europe that are worth exploring in cold weather. so if you’re looking for the best cities to visit in france in winter, be sure to dress appropriately!
whether you’re a couple looking for romantic places to visit, or just want to do romantic things in the city of love, we hope this post inspires you and shows you that it’s doable for you and your date.
paris
 we’re packing our list of the best places to meet girls in paris with our dating guide, so enjoy your time here, and if you’re looking forward to meeting a girl, here’s all the information you need.
paris, commonly referred to as france’s oldest city, is also a city to visit when you’re done with the charm of paris. it is certainly one of the best cities in france to visit in winter to experience the magic of music.
if you want to meet a girl from paris, the best way may be using a sexting and casual dating like this one, fuck buddies app. i’ve had the most successful hookups and first dates when compared to more popular apps like tinder.
o chateau
o chateau is a beautiful wine bar just five minutes from the louvre, and a glass or two of wine would be a fantastic evening. how to get there: o chatesau is just a few steps from the louvre. for couples visiting the city on a romantic getaway, this would be a perfect date destination.
cite de la marais
the cite de la marais, a café and bar where you can enjoy a drink, is beautifully located within walking distance of the champs-elysees. it is also a great place to explore the marai, montmartre and champ elysees, as well as the grand palais. 
le jules verne
eating at le jules verne is another romantic thing to do for couples in paris. 
aquitaine
the sunny beaches of aquitaine are ideal for lazy relaxation and are therefore a good place to visit in the summer.
avignon cathedral
if you want to shake things up a little, avignon cathedral is one of the best places to go for more history and then a few, and a great place for a romantic dinner.
lyon
lyon can be considered one of the best places in france in winter, due to the museums and silk shops you visit.
angelina
angelina, located on rue de rivoli near the louvre, is one of the best places in paris to spend a romantic date with your loved one, especially in the summer months.
attend show or play
if you’re a couple in paris looking for fun and romantic things, attending a show, film, play or theatre can be one of them. alternatively, you can spend a romantic night in paris and watch a fun – filled – cabaret show with your loved ones. 
one of the most popular places to see cabaret performances is moulin rouge paris, but equally interesting are the shows on the champs-elysees, the grand palais and place de la republique.
french holidays
you can treat yourself to the french holidays, which coincide with good french festivals. this is also a good reason to travel to this country and experience french cuisine and culture.
a great way to sample some of the best dishes in paris is a culinary tour with a local guide that will take you to some good places in the city. 
go on a picnic
from well-kept parks to breathtaking sights and an atmosphere of love, there are many places to picnic with your loved one in france, whether in the park, in the mountains or on the beach.
so grab a picnic basket with your loved ones in paris, drop by and visit one of the above mentioned romantic places in paris or head to nantes. the best way to get to it is by tgv to paris and get off at nanteres. 





 




may 19, 2020
/ 0 comments

france travel guide – travel to france


france is the most visited country in the world. it has everything that you could ever want to see on your holidays: a great city like paris, good beaches, more monuments than any other country, lovely nature, incredible mountain scenery; need i go on? 
france is also a very pleasant place to stay. it has good food, great wines and people enjoy their lives. and the best thing is, maybe apart from paris, living in france does not have to be expensive.   and to top if all off, paris specifically was voted the #1 metro city for millennial singles to hookup, meet and fuck, according to a study conducted by fuckbookapp.com.
the north of france consists of the flatlands around the town of lille and the english channel. this area will remind visitors in many ways of belgium and the netherlands. the grand’ place in lille for example is a lot like the one in brussels.
paris, the city of light and its surroundings are some of the most visited areas. paris is without a doubt one of the most beautiful cities on the planet. with so much to see and do, renting one of the many paris apartments is the perfect way to enjoy the city. having the time to enjoy this fantastic location like a true parisian is an unforgettable experience.
the west of france is facing towards the atlantic coast. in the north, normandy & brittany have rolling hills, sandy beaches and quiet little harbour towns. normandy & brittany have a more rugged coast and many neolithic sites. it has quite a distinct atmosphere from the rest of the country; you can still sense the celtic origin of the region in its inhabitants.
the eastern part of france consists of the alsace, lorraine, franche comté and burgundy regions. the landscape has rolling hills and many beautiful cities, such as metz, strasbourg, nancy and dijon. this region produces many famous wines, including magnificent pinot noirs and chardonnays valued the world over, as well as the famous “yellow wine” from the jura mountain vineyard.
the centre of france is in many ways the most quietest part of france. but the great treasure of this region is the loire valley , with many great castles and beautiful towns. chartres with its famous cathedral and tours rates among the most beautiful french cities.
the alps are great for skiing in winter and hiking in summer. albertville, grenoble and chamonix have all hosted the olympic games. but the alps also have nice towns to visit, such as chambéry, annecy or grenoble .
the south with its lovely nature, good food, roman ruins and of course the riviera which draws a lot of visitors every year. towns like orange, and arles but also big cities like marseille and toulon are must sees. 
the provence is dotted with pleasant small villages. in the southwest of france, the dordogne is one of the most quintessential french regions. 
the valley is so pretty, the towns are so quaint and the food is so good, that it is hard to believe that the people who live here go somewhere else for their holidays and have romantic night out and climax the day with hot sex. if you’re looking for sex enhancers, this is a must see.  
the languedoc has its own language and culture. in the south of the languedoc, you find the pyrenees, a great mountain range separating france from spain, where you can hike and ski. the towns of toulouse and montpellier are nice and the medieval town of carcassone is a top destination





 




may 19, 2020
/ 0 comments

the gothic period


the gothic style began in the twelfth century and had as a base the romanesque style. during this period france had become a center of commerce, and many cathedrals with gothic style were constructed with the donations of mercantile interests. 
by the thirteenth century, the gothic style had become the universal style in all of europe and was the first french style to be used in all europe.
the most important example of gothic style is the church of saint-denis, near paris, built between 1137 and 1144. but there are also other churches built in this style in noyon, senlis, sens, reims, rouen and laon, amiens cathedral and sainte-chapelle. chartres cathedral was rebuilt in this period due to a fire.
the renaissance period began at the end of the fifteenth century and was much influenced by the italian renaissance. this style came to france with the italians who arrived in the loire valley. one of the first examples of this period is chateau d’amboise, and it’s famous because leonardo da vinci spent his last days there. the gothic style mixed with the italian renaissance in france, made impressive results. the chateau de chambord is one of the most recognizable châteaux in the world because of its very distinct french renaissance architecture that blends traditional medieval forms with classical italian structures. 
the massive castle features 6 immense towers, 440 rooms, 365 fireplaces, and 84 staircases, and it’s said that the original design of the chateau de chambord was by domenico da cortona, and that leonardo da vinci was also involved in the design.
the renaissance style progressed under architects such as sebastiano serlio and artists such as rosso fiorentino, francesco primaticcio, and niccolo dell’ abbate, who formed the first school of fontainebleau.
 architects such as philibert delorme, giacomo vignola, androuet du cerceau and pierre lescot, were inspired by the new ideas. the southwest interior facade of the cour carree of the louvre in paris was designed by lescot and was covered with exterior carvings by jean goujon.





 




may 19, 2020
/ 0 comments

eating in lyon


 
the owner of this restaurant is the most famous chef in lyon and recognized around the world as an expert in regional cuisine. the restaurant is located 4 km to the north of lyon on the edges of the saone, not far from the bridge of collonges.pont de collonges, collonges-au-mont-d’ortel. 04-72-42-90-90http://www.bocuse.fr
alain chapel
its good service is one good reason to take a visit to this restaurant and you won’t regret it. the food served here is excellent and the hosts are suzanne chapel and the «chef» philippe jousse.n83 mionnay, 01390 st-andré-de-corcytel. 04-78-91-82-02http://www.alainchapel.fr/
les loges
this restaurant is located in the hôtel la cour des loges. the food is served in generous portions and the décor has a renaissance style with stone walls and crystal chandeliers.tel. 04-72-77-44-44
sofitel royal
this restaurant is located near the most famous square in lyon, and the building is of 19th-century construction with large louis xv-style rooms.20 place bellecour f – 69002 lyontel. 04 78 37 57 31http://www.sofitel.com
globe et cécil
a very elegant restaurant with antique furniture and wooden walls.21 rue gasparin f – 69002 lyontel. 04 78 42 58 95http://www.globeetcecilhotel.com






 




may 19, 2020
/ 0 comments

more france arts


many french people spend their free time visiting museums and attending art events. 
there are many streets in some regions, especially in paris, where you will be able to find a painter to paint your portrait, another of the reasons the french are proud of their country and heritage.
in 450 b.c the development of celtic art was seen in france. this kind of art included a variety of styles and elements from other countries. it was ornamental and often involved complex symbolism. it didn’t use straight lines and symmetry was only used occasionally. this type of art drew on native, classical, and perhaps, mediterranean and oriental sources.
the franks dynasty had its own art style which was called merovingian. it was developed between the fifth and eighth centuries.
 this art style brought about important changes in french art. carolingian art belonged to king charles martel who was king, from 750 to 900 and also in the reigns of pippin the younger, charlemagne, and his immediate heirs-popularly known as the carolingian renaissance or the pre-romanesque period.
the romanesque art style is representative of western europe and had few influences from italian art. the sculpture had influences from the byzantine, early christian sculptures, and other elements from middle east countries. 
the most important sculptures are those located at the monastery of saint gall, apart from that there are more examples such as those in the beaulieu-sur-dordogne and the standing prophet at moissac. romanesque art was mostly characterized by scenes from biblical history on their monumental doors, candle holders, and baptismal fonts. 
french churches in provence, burgundy, and aquitaine were decorated with sculptures adorning the statues and the facades.
film schools in francea film school is an educational institution that is dedicated to film instruction; it means that it covers aspects like movie making that includes film production, theory, and scriptwriting. most of the film school programs incorporate technical training, such as learning the use of cameras, lights, and other necessary instruments for the production of movies.
music schools in francebecause music, learn a music program help to develop the mind and grow, this is really true. for such reason is good the music schools. in conclusion, music is everything, the music is enduring, science, math, history, physical education, foreign language. music schools
dance schoolsdance schools in francehere you can find the most important dance schools, and also first-hand information about dance education, dance career, dancewear, and other resources related to dance. dance is a deliberate activity that involves purpose, intentional rhythm, the cultural movement of aesthetic and inherent value; all these make dance an art rather than a sport or a coincidence.
image schools in franceprofessional and personal environments are filled with images. whatever the media, presentation format, or technology used, images remain above all the creation of specialists responding to the precise needs of companies from every professional sector. image schools cover interactive multimedia, animation, graphic and printing communication, photography, and video. image schools
beauty schoolsbeauty schools in franceour beauty schools directory is a very complete source of information for those interested in studying cosmetology arts & sciences and acquiring a degree in beauty, cosmetology, esthetics/skincare, nail technology, barbering, or any related field.
art schools in franceinterested in a degree in the art and design world? with our database of art schools and colleges, has top degree programs in a variety of fields, including graphic design, fashion, interactive media, interior design, game design, web design, photography and film.





 




may 19, 2020
/ 0 comments

the city of dijon


dijon was once the historical capital of burgundy and so several magnificent museums can be found in this city. the art museum in the dukes’ palace (the musée des beaux arts) is one of the oldest and richest museums in france. the dukes used to live here and some of their tombs can also be found here. the magnin museum, a 17th century building, and also many churches and cathedrals for example st. benigne, nortre-dame, st. etienne, and st. michel, show visitors the different architectural styles such as the gothic, renaissance and capetian.
the ancient buildings in this city are still beautiful and well conserved after the franco-prussian war. the greater part of these buildings date from the 12th to the 15th century. as dijon is very famous for its mustard, you can visit the musée de la moutarde, where you can learn about the history of mustard.
other on of dijon’s attractions is the 18th century triumphal arch of porte guillaume, which is located at the east of the church of saint michel. from here, there are only a 15 minute walk to get to many other interesting places in this city.





 




may 19, 2020
/ 0 comments

maps of france












 




may 19, 2020
/ 0 comments

france art


many french people spend their free time visiting museums and attending to art events. there are many streets in some regions, specially in paris, where you will be able to find a painter to paint your portrait, another of the reasons the french are proud of their country and heritage.
in 450 b.c the development of celtic art was seen in france. this kind of art included a variety of styles, and elements from other countries. it was ornamental, and often involved complex symbolism. it didn’t use straight lines and symmetry was only used occasionally. this type of art drew on native, classical and perhaps, mediterranean and oriental sources.
the franks dynasty had its own art style which was called merovingian. it was developed between the fifth and eighth century. this art style brought about important changes in french art. carolingian art belonged to king charles martel who was king, from 750 to 900 and also in the reigns of pippin the younger, charlemagne, and his immediate heirs-popularly known as the carolingian renaissance or the pre-romanesque period.
the romanesque art style is representative of western europe, and had few influences from italian art. sculpture had influences from the byzantine, early christian sculpture, and other elements from middle east countries. the most important sculptures are those located at the monastery of saint gall, apart from that there are more examples such as those in the beaulieu-sur-dordogne and the standing prophet at moissac. 
romanesque art was mostly characterized by scenes from biblical history on their monumental doors, candle holders and baptismal fonts. french churches in provence, burgundy, and aquitaine were decorated with sculptures adorning the statues and the facades.
film schools in francea film school is an educational institution that is dedicated to film instruction; it means that it covers aspects like movie making that includes film production, theory, and scriptwriting. most of the film school programs incorporate technical training, such as learning the use of cameras, lights, and other necessary instruments for the production of movies.
music schools in francebecause music, learn a music program help to develop the mind and grow, this is really true. for such reason is good music schools. in conclusion, music is everything, the music is enduring, science, math, history, physical education, foreign language. music schools
dance schoolsdance schools in francehere you can find the most important dance schools, and also first-hand information about dance education, dance career, dance wear and other resources related with dance. dance is a deliberate activity that involves purpose, intentional rhythm, culturally movement of aesthetic and inherent value; all these make dance an art rather than a sport or a coincidence.
image schools in franceprofessional and personal environments are filled with images. whatever the media, presentation format, or technology used, images remain above all the creation of specialists responding to the precise needs of companies from every professional sector. image schools cover interactive multimedia, animation, graphic and printing communication, photography and video. image schools
beauty schoolsbeauty schools in franceour beauty schools directory is a very complete source of information for those interested in studying cosmetology arts & sciences and acquiring a degree in beauty, cosmetology, esthetics/skin care, nail technology, barbering, or any related field.
art schools in franceinterested in a degree in the art and design world? with our database of art schools and colleges, has top degree programs in a variety of fields, including graphic design, fashion, interactive media, interior design, game design, web design, photography and film.










https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vlesvlreoka 











adult dating sites for france that actually work? get easy hookups.
august 17, 2021









best places for casual dating in france
april 19, 2021









france travel guide – travel to france
may 19, 2020









the gothic period
may 19, 2020




 




february 2025


m
t
w
t
f
s
s




 12


3456789


10111213141516


17181920212223


2425262728
 



« aug
 
 
 







home
about jf
france festivals
advertising
contact




© 2025 just france. all rights reserved.
theme by anders norén.















