













three crowns golf club | casper, wy | public course - home

















































home     contact     (307) 472-7696


book tee times     shop online                 



home     tee times     shop online 







 



golfcourse
course detailsawards & historybook a tee timeratesleaguesmembershipsgolfacademy
academy informationclub fittingladies programsjunior programsteaching programsdiningmenu
the refineryoutings& events
host an outinghost an eventdream weddingsclub calendarcontactdirections
meet our staffrequest donationjoin our eclubhours of operationemploymentcontact & directionsshoponline
 online store 
















 
slide7now openfind out what's going on, and get involved in the fun and good times!the refineryslide1tee times18 holes of championship golf designed by robert trent jones, jr.book onlineslide2host an eventa picturesque setting for weddings,  banquets, holiday parties & more.weddingsbanquetsslide3golf outingsprofessionally run corporate & charity outings with attention to detail.start hereslide4membershipcheck out our season passes with great benefits and options for all.learn moreslide5golf academylooking to take your golf game to the next level? our staff is ready.learn moreslide6dining optionsa full-service dining experience at the refinery, open year-round.view menu 














 




                                            welcome to three crowns golf club                    
                    
                
experience unparalleled golf at three crowns golf club, designed by the legendary robert trent jones, jr. spanning 110 acres of manicured greens and 45 acres of natural grasses, our course is a haven for golf enthusiasts. with usga standard greens, lush kentucky bluegrass across tees, fairways, and roughs, and a comprehensive 13-acre practice facility, it's the perfect setting to elevate your game.
three crowns stands out for its dedicated event coordination, expertly hosting everything from intimate outings to large corporate tournaments. our professional team ensures every event is seamless, from planning to execution.
embrace the challenge and beauty of a robert trent jones, jr. course at three crowns golf club – your destination for premier golfing experiences.
tour the course    book a tee time




















golf outings
we welcome outings of all sizes. from charity tournaments to corporate events, we'll provide a memorable experience.

learn more













weddings
with an endless amount of scenic photo opportunities, we'll make your wedding, banquet, or party a day to remember.

learn more













memberships
several annual pass options are available to golfers. you'll enjoy exclusive benefits & become part of our family.

learn more















 upcoming eventsapr 20, 202509:00am - 05:00pm
easter brunch
apr 30, 202512:00pm - 05:00pm
wasa tournament & lunch
may 11, 202509:00am - 05:00pm
mothers day brunch
may 15, 202505:00pm - 09:00pm
men's league pre season opening scramble
may 21, 202505:30pm - 09:00pm
ladies league 1 of 12

view full calendar
 news to know






2024 season passes

now is the perfect time to pick up a season pass for next season! view our annual pass rates which give great benefits and are the best deal in town for avid, frequent golfers of all skill levels.
click here





public outing dates available

dates for 2024 filling up fast, so please contact us today if you'd like to schedule a group of 20 or more on select days.
click here






                                                    reviews                        
                        
                    
"we absolutely love what three crowns has done, the food is familiar but with very unique twists. the nachos are not only a show but also delicious! we love their sandwich options! chicken salad was a huge hit, also their salads are generous with anything but boring flavor! let’s also mention the best view of any restaurant in casper!"-copper cup coffee company
"the place is nice. nice view during the daylight. i have tried steak salad with shrimp is so good. the onion rings are the best in town so far. we would like to go again and try more things."-zoey s.
"had a great time at three crowns. it's a little pricey, but the experience is worth a little extra money. it was a challenging course with a lot of hazards to play around. not my best round of golf, but excited to play here again."-justin b.























© three crowns golf club • 1601 king blvd • casper, wy 82604(307) 472-7696 • privacy policy • contact • sitemap • website by: the rwm company      
























golfcourse
course detailsawards & historybook a tee timeratesleaguesmembershipsgolfacademy
academy informationclub fittingladies programsjunior programsteaching programsdiningmenu
the refineryoutings& events
host an outinghost an eventdream weddingsclub calendarcontactdirections
meet our staffrequest donationjoin our eclubhours of operationemploymentcontact & directionsshoponline
 online store


three crowns golf club1601 king blvdcasper, wy 82604












 











