












-


commissioner sid miller - bot
❒



	home

















skip to content




















 

 

 

 





















news & events
newsroom
market roundup
agriculture market summary
open meetings
subscribe to publications
rule proposals
family land heritage
texas agriculture matters newsletter
texas agriculture matters tv show


grants & services
grants and services
marketing and international trade
open grants
rural economic development
(txcdbg) rural community development block grant


livestock export pens


regulatory programs
convenience testing for license examinations
hemp
orientation video


cotton stalk destruction
egg quality program
handling and marketing of perishable commodities
grain warehouse program
organics
pesticides
24c special local needs


plant quality
quarantines
seed quality
structural pest control service
weights and measures
enforcement
produce safety
feral hog pesticide


licenses & registrations
rules and statutes
eapply


food & nutrition
education & training
reports & publications
reports
publications


about
what does tda do?
commissioner miller
tda staff
tda divisions
regional operations
gulf coast region operations
north texas region operations
south central region operations
valley region operations
west texas regional offices


employment
customer satisfaction
contact tda
contracting
historically underutilized business (hub)


texas ag stats


forms













 

 















welcome to the texas department of agriculture
























hear from commissioner miller






commissioner miller visits the texas panhandle













the latest agency news


















commissioner sid miller reports the use of texas return address on additional unsolicited seed packages
                friday, february 14, 2025, today, texas agriculture commissioner sid miller reported that the texas department of agriculture (tda) was alerted to a case in frisco, texas, where a resident’s address was fraudulently used as the return address on boxes containing several unidentified seed packages. the sender reportedly used stamps.com to disguise the packages’ source, resulting in recipients sending the unwanted packages back to the return address and the frisco resident being inundated with returned boxes they did not pack or ship.  [more]
				
             





commissioner sid miller issues an important update on the mystery seed packages delivered from china 
                wednesday, february 12, 2025, austin—today, texas agriculture commissioner sid miller provided an important update on the ongoing issue of unsolicited seed packages arriving in texas from chinese vendors. so far, texas has received a total of 17 seed packets, and yesterday, residents in florida and washington state reported receiving similar packages. commissioner sid miller is working closely with the united states department of agriculture’s (usda) acting secretary of agriculture and the department of homeland security to safely collect these packages and ensure they are delivered to the usda’s animal and plant health inspection service (aphis) for a thorough inspection.  [more]
				
             





commissioner sid miller urges caution as more texans receive chinese mystery seed package
                friday, february 7, 2025, today, texas agriculture commissioner sid miller announced new reports of unsolicited seed packages arriving across texas from chinese vendors. the texas department of agriculture (tda) is working swiftly to safely collect these packages and ensure they are delivered to the united states department of agriculture’s (usda) animal and plant health inspection service (aphis) for inspection. one texan reported ordering a dog toy from the chinese vendor temu, only to receive a package of seeds instead. with the total number of reported packages now at five statewide, texans are urged to exercise caution when opening any unexpected packages from china.  [more]
				
             





commissioner sid miller says mystery seed packages from china are back
                wednesday, february 5, 2025, today, texas agriculture commissioner sid miller urges all texans to exercise extreme caution if they receive unsolicited packages containing unknown seeds or liquids. the texas department of agriculture (tda) has recently been alerted to a mystery package delivered to clute, tx, containing unidentified seeds and a liquid container sent unsolicited from china.  [more]
				
             





commissioner sid miller commends president trump and doge chairman elon musk for ending wasteful usaid spending
                tuesday, february 4, 2025, i commend the decisive actions of president trump and my fellow texan, elon musk, in their efforts to mobilize the department of government efficiency (doge) to eradicate wasteful, frivolous spending within the federal government, starting with the out-of-control united states agency for international development (usaid). the decades-long wasteful misuse of taxpayer dollars by usaid to fund woke pet projects across the globe constitutes gross negligence by leftist, out-of-touch, and partisan bureaucrats. this abuse must be addressed to restore the american people's faith in our government’s financial stewardship. hardworking americans should not have their tax dollars diverted to support such frivolous nonsense. usaid has been allowed to become a woke wonderland, and it's high time the leadership there was held accountable.  [more]
				
             





statement by commissioner sid miller on governor abbott’s legislative priorities
                tuesday, february 4, 2025, i applaud governor greg abbott for using his state of the state address to highlight many of the same critical issues i’ve been fighting for—supporting texas families, our hardworking public servants, and the farmers and ranchers who keep this state running.these priorities reaffirm texas as the national leader in agriculture, border security, and economic freedom—values that align with president trump’s mission to make america strong, secure, and prosperous again.  [more]
				
             





commissioner sid miller reappoints members to the texas agriculture finance authority board
                thursday, january 30, 2025, austin—today, texas agriculture commissioner sid miller announced that he has reappointed four members to the texas agriculture finance authority (tafa) board. tafa is a public authority within the agency designed to provide financial assistance for expanding texas agricultural products, production, processing, marketing, and exporting.  [more]
				
             





texas agriculture commissioner sid miller declares war on dei
                tuesday, january 28, 2025, today, texas agriculture commissioner sid miller announced that he was going to war against so-called “diversity, equity, and inclusion” (dei) and “diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility” (deia) policies and that the texas department of agriculture (tda), the multibillion-dollar agency he leads, will no longer contract or do business with entities that promote these discriminatory, demeaning, and immoral race and sex-based preferences which oftentimes violate the civil-rights laws of the united states.  [more]
				
             





statement by commissioner sid miller on usda’s postponed horse protection act final rule
                friday, january 24, 2025, today, we’ve won the first battle. the united states department of agriculture’s (usda) animal and plant health inspection service (aphis) has announced a 60-day postponement of their new horse protection act final rule, pushing the implementation date from february 1 to april 2, 2025.  [more]
				
             





commissioner sid miller kicks off the start of a new year by celebrating agency accomplishments
                thursday, january 23, 2025, texas agriculture commissioner sid miller kicks off the new year with his signature texas charm and a tip of his hat, welcoming 2025 with optimism and gratitude. after a year of hard-fought achievements in 2024, the texas department of agriculture (tda) stands ready to embrace new opportunities, building on its successes to keep texas at the forefront of agriculture.  [more]
				
             





1
 > 
2
 > 
3
 > 
4
 > 
5
 > 
6
 > 
7
 > 
8
 > 
9
 > 
10
...
53

















































hold on to your heritage









has your family farm or ranch been in continuous production for 100 years or more?
apply for our family land heritage program












hemp licensing


















produce safety


















careers at tda























search








 






tda supports communities that have been adversely impacted by natural disasters. help texans in need by making a donation to the star fund today.















 




i need to...







                    upcoming visit with tda? pre-register
                







                    learn how to get a texas hemp license
                







                    find a licensed service company (excel file)
                

find a licensed service company (excel file)





                    find pest alerts
                







                    licensing for mosquito control
                







                    view recent rule changes
                







                    help severe weather victims
                







                    schedule a license exam
                







                    find info on citrus quarantine
                







                    find a licensed pest control business
                







                    find information on veterans' state services
                







                    get information on prescribed burning
                







                    make a public information request
                







                    provide feedback
                







                    tell tda
                







                    find hay hotline 
                







                    apply/renew a license 
                







                    find grant money
                







                    search for continuing education
                







                    view section 18 notices
                











 








 




















promoting the products, culture & communities that call texas home




go texan
texas shrimp 
wine 
certified retirement communities










 














 





 












 please find tda on social media!



 

























texas homeland security
texas veterans portal
texas.gov
trail state search
where the money goes
report fraud


mission statement
site policies
site map
help
contact (800) tell-tda
human resource policies




© 2025 texas department of agriculture

login














