


"*north creek resource travel guide to attractions, vacation, tourism, resort, hotel, motel, accommodations, lodging, real estate, lake, travel guide, lodging, hiking, restaurants, real estate in the lake champlain valley region etc..! "







this website is closed and not active anymore.


 



 
north 
          creek ny .com is the premier online guide to north creek, new york

          and the gore mountain - lake george region.
a member of the award winning adirondacks.com 



 
          and lake champlain valley.com network of travel sites



.

 











 by photographer carl heilman



 north creek ny .com is the premier online guide to north creek, new york showcasing hundreds of exciting attractions throughout the southern adirondacks, gore mountain and the lake george region. north creek is famous for being home to  the first downhill ski center in new york state.  
we invite you to take a virtual tour of some of our most popular travel destinations including the historic communities of warrensburg, johnsburg and the hamlets of north creek, bakers mills, garnet lake, johnsburg, north river, riparius, sodom, the glen, wevertown, schroon lake, lake george, glens falls, ticonderoga,
















click here to preview beautiful prints by photographer frank houck 






 ,lake 
                luzerne and chestertown. t


he 
                  hamlet of north creek is ideally located within the adirondack park and offers 
                  visitors a delightful year round 
                  vacation destination. 

 
                  north creek is surrounded by the foothills of the southern adirondacks and offers 
                  visitors a wide choice of hiking, backpacking, cross-country skiing and snowmobiling. 
                  nearby lakes and rivers offer canoers, kayakers and rafters everything from calm 
                  waters to class v rapids.   







adirondack chairs!









huge 
                        selection of adirondack chairs, ottomans, tables and more!

built 
                        to last from pressure-treated pine, cypress, cedar, recycled plastic and more!







adirondack chairs 




































 click here

































 adirondack 
                          furniture click here





















 

 
                the hamlet of north creek is also home to gore mountain where visitors can find 
                world class skiing, snowboarding, telemark and tubing.
 










click here to preview prints by outdoor photographer carl heilman


north 
                creek is famous for the original 'snow train' dating back to the early 1930's. 
                the first snow train arrived at the historic north creek railway depot on march 
                4, 1934, bringing 400 members of the schenectady ski club. later snow trains carried 
                as many as 800 skiers from the new york metropolitan area. the north creek railroad 
                is listed on both the state and national registrar and is remembered by historians 
                as the place where theodore roosevelt learned of the death of president mckinley 
                on september 14, 1901 and of his own succession to the presidency of the united 
                states. the station complex is located in the hamlet of north creek in the town 
                of johnsburg, warren county, new york. the north creek railway depot preservation 
                association (ncrdpa) was formed in the 1990's in order to acquire the depot and 
                eventually restore it. today, visitors can tour the north creek railroad depot 
                museum and learn all about its unique place in new york's history.


upstate new york vacation rentals 
find the perfect vacation rental in upstate new york. browse pictures, amenities, rates, and availability
                      
vacation homes in new york





              north creek's main street is 
              lined with many antique shops, country stores, b&b's and
 restaurants 
              offering visitors and shoppers a rich 
              variety of historic, artistic and cultural attractions




.










north 
              creek is  
              located within an easy 1 hour drive of

 
              lake champlain, lake george, albany and the adirondack high peaks.









              calendar of events 







monday, february 
              20 nys battle flags of the civil war presenter christopher morton: 
              nys battle flag project curator at the nys military museum. february 
              20th at 2pm at the wevertown community center.(rt 28 & rt 8 in wevertown) 
              free admission, refreshments will be served. 

              saturday, march 3 - sunday, march 4 telemark skiing camp - trees, 
              steeps, & bumps at gore mountain includes lift tickets, video analysis, 
              feedback on your personal skiing/riding, indoor equipment discussions, 
              breakfast & lunch, and lots of time on the snow with certified instructors. 
              

              saturday, march 10 - sunday, march 11 thurman maple days three glorious 
              weekends of sweet spring fun free tours of thurman sugarhouses and 
              a family sawmill three glorious weekends to celebrate the start 
              of spring and the end of cabin fever! watch sap being gathered and 
              boiled and see how a certified tree farm makes maximum use of the 
              wood from maple (and other) trees. enjoy free fun activities and 
              sugaring, sawing and craft demonstrations, sample delectable goodies, 
              and shop! 10 a.m. - 4 p.m. each day. like pancakes? buy pancake 
              breakfast at valley road maple farm each day, available 9 a.m. till 
              1 p.m., so you won't have time to visit every site! download map/brochure 
              on website, or pick up in the area and follow signs. just a short 
              distance from wevertown via route 8 west and south johnsburg rd., 
              or the glen, via glen athol road and valley road. 


              friday, may 18 - sunday, may 20 thurman townwide sale you'll be 
              in the pink with nearly 100 old fashioned yard sales follow hot 
              pink signs to old fashioned yard sales on all the little back roads 
              of our friendly mountain town of thurman, just a few miles and easily 
              accessible from north creek, wevertown, the glen, warrensburg and 
              stony creek. selling begins on friday and continues through sunday, 
              and maps indicate who plans to sell each day, and some of the items 
              they'll offer. maps available in town and online just before the 
              sale. pick one up or print your own. gas up before coming to thurman 
              'cause there are miles of smiles but no gas pumps. 


 

we invite you 
              to visit our adirondack store showcasing unique adirondack 
              furniture 
              ~





balsam 
              pillows ~
                  

christmas 
              wreaths











~ 
woven baskets ~  pine scented soaps 
              ~ pine 
              cone lamps ~ 




and 
              hand crafted gifts for the holidays. click here!













                    adirondack vistas 
                    calendar





 beautiful lake 
                    george
                    calendar





adirondack 
                    calendars - the perfect gift
                         by photographer- carl heilman
 click 
                    here











adirondack 
                    career directory 





 are 
                    you tired of your job? ever thought about going back to school 
                    in your spare time to further your career? 





online programs give working adults and 
                    full-time students tremendous scheduling flexibility and the 
                    opportunity to earn a degree in less time than is usually 
                    possible through on-campus attendance.
                    if you want to start or accelerate your career, explore the 
                    online programs & request free information in the following 
                    areas:
                    click on the links below 






careers 
                    in criminal justice
culinary arts careers 

online colleges 




 







the position 
              of new york state correction officer:

candidates 
              must be 21 years of age on or before the date of their appointment 
              correction officer positions are located throughout new york state 
              in various facilities of the nys department of correctional services.
              as a correction officer, under the direct supervision of a higher-ranking 
              officer, you would be responsible for the custody and security, 
              as well as the safety and well-being of criminal offenders in state 
              correctional facilities and correctional camps. you would supervise 
              the movement and activities of inmates; make periodic rounds of 
              assigned areas; conduct searches for contraband; maintain order 
              within the facility; and prepare reports as necessary. you would 
              advise inmates on the rules and regulations governing the operation 
              of the facility and assist them in resolving problems. you would 
              have a high degree of responsibility for your actions and decisions. 
              you may also be required to carry firearms in the performance of 
              certain duties and to perform other related work as required.





online 
                    criminal justice degrees






                    earn a degree in criminal justice or security online in your 
                    free time.

search for the perfect online program to suit your
                        lifestyle & time constraints. criminal justice, public safety, info security, homeland security and more.






              the majority of jobs in the new york state department of correctional 
              services are filled by correction officers, who are required to 
              pass a written civil service exam and undergo extensive medical, 
              psychological, and background checks. correction officer positions 
              are located throughout new york state in various facilities of the 
              department of correctional services. correction officers are responsible 
              for the custody and security as well as the safety and well being, 
              of criminal offenders in state correctional facilities. 

click here for more information on jobs in criminal justice!






 






 






 we invite you to visit lake 
george real estate.com





the 
              village of lake george is ideally located within the adirondack park and offers 
              visitors a delightful year round vacation destination. use our lake george, new 
              york real estate guide if you are considering buying or selling a home in the 
              lake george area.lake george 
              real estate.comclick 
              here 






have 
                you ever thought about publishing your very own book about north creek?
you 
                have the talent, we have the resources!



are 
                  you an author looking to publish your masterpiece? bookpublishers.com could connect 
                  talented writers like you with willing book publishers. for many talented authors, 
                  the most difficult obstacle isn’t writer’s block—it’s finding 
                  a receptive publisher to publish their books. because publishers have to sift 
                  through so many works, they may dismiss some unfairly, or be so short-staffed 
                  that they don’t have the time to give each manuscript its fair consideration. 
                  book publishers.com







click here
for 
                  those who decide that finding a publisher isn’t the right choice for them, 
                  self-publishing can be a great alternative. with self-publishing a writer can 
                  maintain editorial control, as well as keep all proceeds from the book sales. 
                  whatever your preference, bookpublishers.com wants to help you on your journey 
                  to become a published author! you have the talent, we have the resources.
click here for more information





 adirondack 
            culinary arts


the adirondacks & the 
            lake champlain valley of upstate new york & vermont have long 
            been known for their truly unique & varied cuisine ranging from 
            fresh caught native brook trout cooked over an open campfire to world 
            class dining at five star resorts. in the internationally acclaimed 
            olympic village of lake placid, diners can choose from exciting restaurants 
            with menus featuring everything from sushi and health foods to hearty 
            adirondack homecooked meals.
the culinary 
            arts program at paul smith's college in the adirondacks was founded 
            on the principle of learning by doing. many of todays local chefs 
            learned their trade at paul smith's. 

click 
            here for more information on culinary arts.




















 search 
                    for two- & four-year degrees in culinary arts & baking 
                    
                    side-by-side comparisons of 35 culinary schools. 
                    learn the culinary skills you need to get ahead!

culinary institutes .com
click here






adirondack 
shopping
shopping is at its best in the adirondacks - we showcase the regions finest boutiques, galleries, stores 
and antique & craft shops throughout upstate new york, the lake champlain valley & the adirondacks. the adirondack region has been renowned for its shopping, hospitality and lodging since the turn of the century when the rich and famous constructed spectacular great camps and huge rustic hotels during the "gilded age". today, visitors have their pick from a wide and eclectic assortment of shopping and services ranging from adirondack 
gifts, rustic furniture, crafts and artwork to household items, pet care and lawn and garden equipment. click 
here.










 










adirondack chairs!









huge 
selection of adirondack chairs, ottomans, tables and more!



built 
to last from pressure-treated pine, cypress, cedar, recycled plastic and more!







adirondack chairs 




































 click here

































 adirondack 
                            furniture click here


 

















 
                  everything you need to know to plan your trip online when visiting historic north 
                  creek, gore mountain & the beautiful adirondacks... 
                  it's all right here at your fingertips...with just a click of your mouse!




   
     
 


 

 




discount hockey equipment  





compare & save up to 60% everyday on skates, sticks & over 1000 other hockey equipment products in stock for same-day shipment! search a large selection of hockey gear including womens & youth sized hockey equipment and more!

 click here


















adirondack 
log homes and adirondack log furniturehere you will find a wealth of information 
about adirondack log cabin homes, log home floor plans, financing for log homes, 
construction tips on log homes, adirondack custom log homes, log home photographs, 
and much, much more!









search 
thousands of log homes & log cabin plans










log 
                              home kit  building a log home? consider 
                              our do-it-yourself home kits. build your own log home with structural insulated 
                              panels  click 
                              here 





log 
                          cabin homes click here view 
                          thousands of log home plans, log home kits & log home furniture.  
log home plan
 click here
 



log home furniture click here















 discount 
                            prices on log cabin furniture including beds, dressers, tables, nightstands, armoires, 
                            rocking chairs, futons, sofas, swings & more.  click 
                            here


























 north 
                    creek ny .com



 




we 
invite you to visit our adirondack 
gallery showcasing unique adirondack 
furniture ~ antler 
chandeliers & lamps ~ hand 
painted canoe paddles~ adirondack 
packbaskets ~ adirondack prints ~ authentic birch bark framing ~

and beautiful 
hand crafted gifts. click 
here!



 we 
also offer interior design services for adirondack  style camps & homes.





 
birchbark picture frames



 
antler chandeliers



 
snowshoe lamps 










hand painted canoe paddles









www.cheaplaptopcomputers.com




huge selection of discounted laptop computers at super low prices!  shop the latest desktops, notebooks, printers, electronics & more.
 click here
















 
 
     




charity fundraisers
promote your cause, engage your constituents, build your donor base, and raise more money. extend, market and manage successful online auctions. get better fundraising results today.

               





non profit fund raising - fund raising companies - fund raising consultants - church fund raisers - fund raising tips - fund raising products - fund raising information - online fund raising - fund raising ideas - fund raising 

click here







 
                          
                              

 north creek ny .com



 
                              

 
                                  this website is owned and operated by  adirondacks.com internet publishing 
                                  group.  for advertising and editorial content, please contact rob grant; 
                                   adirondacks.com reserves the right to reject,  modify or cancel any advertising 
                                  at its sole discretion.  
 









 to find information on any 
      of the following please click here 
      and go to adirondacks.com





































 winter sports center








 snowshoeing click here



cross country skiing  click here 



alpine skiing 
 click here


 free style skiing click here


 biathlon.com click here


 telemark skiing click here


 ice hockey equipment

click here

 ice climbing click here



nordic skiing click here


ski jumping click here



















































bad credit  mortgages

























































mortgages for people with 
























late 
                  payments, bankruptcy, judgments, charge offs and even foreclosure. click 
                  here  






































save up to 85% with just one click!







search and compare the lowest prices on the web! everything from snowmobiles & camping gear to designer handbags, laptops & leather furniture!

click here




 












