







cfm



















































        
          
            cfm
          
        
      








































cart
















0
















            home
          

        about cfm
      

            mmoc
          

            resources
          

            state by state
          

            faq
          

            store
          

            blog
          



            covid-19
          

        donate
      























































cart
















0











homeabout cfmmmocresourcesstate by statefaqstoreblog





                
                  
                    cfm
                  
                
              
learn. connect. take action




covid-19donate









scroll


















a national consumer-based organization promoting the midwives model of care! we work to provide information and resources that promote the local midwife, midwives and midwifery care across the us!













learn
access information on midwifery and the midwives model of care. find factsheets and resources to advocate for midwifery. access covid-19 resources here



 











connect
cfm works in collaborations, partnerships, and on projects with other organizations working to increase access and availability of midwives in the us. we work to bring a consumer perspective to these efforts and we encourage other consumers to participate as well.



 











take action
we encourage and support consumers and public members to serve on state boards, national associations and agencies. we advocate working on local, state, and federal policy initiatives to improve maternity care and increase access to midwives.



 
















copy of home










© 2017 impact1-888-cfm-4880info@citizensformidwifery.orgpowered by:squarespacephotography by:istock



















sign up to receive news and updates.




email address






sign up






thank you!







1-888-cfm-4880
info@citizensformidwifery.org


hours




donatepresscontactimpact










