






minnesota outdoors | your guide to living in the land of 10,000 lakes



























































skip to content






mnlakes
exploring the land of 10,000 lakes





menu



home
about us
contact us






search for:


search








search






search for:


search














 

minnesota outdoors
mnlakes

exploreminnesota outdoors











news








 




cat links living in minnesota 
10 reasons why living in minnesota is worth it 

‘why should i move to minnesota?‘ you might have asked yourself this question. there’s colorado, washington state, texas, or california, so why minnesota? well, the answer is simple. you’ll wantcontinue reading10 reasons why living in minnesota is worth it



posted-on11/23/202108/12/2022by linebylinemnlakes 








 




cat links moving to mn 
considering a move to minnesota? here’s what to know first 

minnesota has an estimated population of about 5.5 million people who enjoy a significantly high quality of life. many people moving to minnesota are looking to live in the twin cities, surrounding suburbs, or the rural areas of the state. if you are moving to minnesota, however, you will need to know certain things that would make your stay there more exciting and comfortable.
here’s a helpful mn relocation guide listing what you need to know before moving to minnesota:
1. minnesotans are known to be friendly. 
if you search for minnesota online, there is a high probability that you have come across the phrase ‘minnesota nice.’ many people who move to minnesota acknowledge that its residents have a unique way of appreciating visitors hence the origin of the phrase. after moving to the state, therefore, you should not be surprised if you find minnesotans friendly because that is their way of life.
2. it is perfect for people who enjoy water-based recreational activities.
minnesota is known for its numerous lakes and is often referred to as the place of 10,000 lakes. as a result, there are many water-based sporting activities in the state. the activities include fishing, swimming, ice fishing, boating, and canoeing. the state, therefore, is the perfect spot for people who love water-recreation.
3. the state of minnesota has a highly educated population.
many minnesotans are highly educated, with a significant number of them having attained an associate degree or higher. according to reports from the minnesota office of higher education, the state ranks second after massachusetts for the people aged between 25 years and 64 years with educational qualifications of an associate degree or higher.
4. walking and biking are popular in the state.
if you have a dynamic personality and you enjoy going for walks or biking, then a move to minnesota will do you good. the state has several walking and biking trails because minnesotans enjoy outdoor activities. moreover, you could be biking in the minnesota countryside and enjoy the fresh air. you should not be surprised if you come across many people on biking adventure or walking around since it is shared here.
5. you can also venture into farming in minnesota.
if you are one person who enjoys farming, then you should consider moving to the southern part of the state since it is known for its abundant farmlands. farmers in minnesota engage in large-scale production, with corn being their primary crop. other crops that are grown in the area include flax, oats, beets, hay, barley, and wheat. rearing livestock is also a predominant agricultural activity in the state.
the list above consists of the five things that you should know if you are planning to move into minnesota. the state has many other secrets that will make your stay in it even more exciting.



posted-on06/13/202006/08/2020by linebylinemnlakes 








 




cat links boat insurance in minnesota 
what kind of insurance do i need for a boat in minnesota? 

if you’re interested in purchasing and operating a boat in minnesota, there are a few key questions that should come to mind. one of these questions is, do you needcontinue readingwhat kind of insurance do i need for a boat in minnesota?



posted-on01/25/201801/07/2020by linebylinemnlakes 








 




cat links lake house living 
lake house living | storage hacks to keep your cabin organized 

it’s always confusing to determine the best way to organize the storage of a lake house property. finding the right balance between functionality to tidiness is a real challenge. thankfully,continue readinglake house living | storage hacks to keep your cabin organized



posted-on10/15/201711/23/2021by linebylinemnlakes 








 




cat links moving to mn 
why moving to mn is every outdoorsman’s dream 

with blustery winters and beautiful midwest summers, the state of minnesota is famous for being a year-round outdoor paradise. the land of a thousand lakes boasts over 11,800 bodies of freshwater that are 10-acres or larger that are perfect for fishing and water sports.
with countless wooded forests, hilly terrain, and rugged trails, both hunters and backpackers alike will enjoy the natural splendor that’s abundant within the state. although it can be miserably cold in the winter, you can still get out and cross-country ski, snowshoe, ice fish, or ice skate if you have the right gear.
the land of 10,000 lakes offers an abundance of water activities like kayaking, paddleboarding, and fishing in the summer months. there’s no end to the things you can enjoy in minnesota’s great outdoors, and here are a few of the highlights.
sport fishing and hunting
the north star state is chock full of wildlife and big game to hunt all around the region. here you’ll find seasonal hunting for black bears, elk, and deer. and although moose hunting is temporarily suspended, several types of birds and waterfowl are available to hunt and a few fur-bearing animals that are legal to trap as well.
with over 2.6 million acres of lakes, fishing in minnesota is a year-round activity, even when the lakes are frozen over. anglers will find a variety of pike, bass, perch, catfish, trout, sunfish, and perch in the region and can find plenty of ice fishing communities in the colder winter months.
jump into the waters
boating and water-skiing are popular activities in the many flowing rivers and lakes around the state, with numerous beautiful shores ideal for swimming. it’s interesting to note that the state has a recreational boat ratio of one for every six persons in the entire state population. that’s a lot of boats.
canoeing and kayaking are favorite pastimes for minnesotan residents. with so many lakes to choose from, you can enjoy a lovely crisp morning kayak along the serene waters. or dive into more adventurous white waters located in the kettle river.
minnesota even offers some choice spots for scuba diving. the most popular is the cuyuna recreational area, which is a few miles northwest of minneapolis. it has over 50 unique dive sites created by abandoned mines that flooded over the years.
explore nature
minnesota boasts 59 state forests that provide stunning natural scenery and camping opportunities. the chippewa national forest is located in the heart of northern minnesota and features nearly 100-backcountry campsites, 160-miles of camping trails, and plenty of archeological and historical sites to which you can hike.
the outdoorsman in you will also love the peaceful voyageurs national park that contains over 270-campsites, miles of off-road biking trails, and private lakeside access within the area. and with over 1,000 different rock climbing spots and plenty of indoor climbing gyms, minnesota is the ultimate state for athletes of all types.
winter wonderland
with a large amount of snowfall and long winter seasons, minnesota provides plenty of fun wintertime activities. there are over 20 areas to ski and snowboard within minnesota, with several miles of well-groomed cross-country ski and snowshoeing trails.
the land of 10,000 lakes also has 17,000 miles of snowmobile trails with perfect flat runs over frozen lakes. just don’t be over-eager to get an early start, as snowmobiling over early ice can be dangerous.
relocating to minnesota
now that you’ve got a good idea of the great outdoors the north star state has to offer; it’s time to make a few decisions about relocating. moving has always been one of the most stressful events in life, and it hasn’t gotten much easier. but as long as you keep your eye on the prize – a wonderful world of nature to discover – then getting through it should be no problem.
although there are only a few ways you can go about it, the most stress-free route is hiring professional moving crews to help you relocate. this is especially true if you’re moving cross-country, although long-distance moving is tough no matter the distance.
asking friends and family is always the best option to get references and referrals for trusted movers. but if you don’t know anyone in minnesota, there are some other options you can consider. finding a licensed, insured, and reputable mover is easy on the great guys moving website. better yet, you can get multiple quotes at a click of a button to make it a whole lot easier. some of their top recommendations in minnesota include:

matt’s moving – this twin cities mover has been in business since 2006 and has 4 locations in minnesota that provide moving services in minnesota and wisconsin.
two men & a truck – this nationwide mover operates across most of the us, canada, and the uk, so it is well-equipped to handle long-distance moves to or from minnesota.
you move me – this moving franchise has several locations across the us and canada, including two locations in the twin cities.
daymakers moving & storage – though based in hudson, wi, daymakers provides moving services across wisconsin and minnesota.

no matter how you go about it, just make sure to do your research. referral or not, sometimes things don’t turn out the way you planned. and it never hurts to have contingencies just in case, even if we never want to have to resort to a backup. it’s kind of like being outdoors – “always be prepared for anything.”



posted-on06/18/201711/11/2021by linebylinemnlakes 








 




cat links winter destinations 
best lakes for ice fishing in and around the twin cities 

the northern state of minnesota is widely known as the ‘land of 10,000 lakes’, and to those living in the large cities of minneapolis or st. paul, it can becontinue readingbest lakes for ice fishing in and around the twin cities



posted-on01/14/201701/09/2017by linebylinemnlakes 








 




cat links summer destinations 
which mn lakes offer the ultimate camping experience 

the northern state of minnesota is widely known for being the “land of 10,000 lakes,” and boasts a large number of freshwater pools that blanket most of the state area.continue readingwhich mn lakes offer the ultimate camping experience



posted-on01/04/2017by linebylinemnlakes 








 




cat links uncategorized 
nature’s beauty at minnesota 




posted-on11/29/201611/29/2016by linebylinemnlakes 








 




cat links uncategorized 
home of more than 10, 000 lakes 




posted-on11/29/2016by linebylinemnlakes 



 





share the siteexplore minnesota 
minnesota lake pictures 
 
 
search this site


search for:


search

  latest from our blog 

10 reasons why living in minnesota is worth it


considering a move to minnesota? here’s what to know first


what kind of insurance do i need for a boat in minnesota?


lake house living | storage hacks to keep your cabin organized


why moving to mn is every outdoorsman’s dream









			copyright © 2025 mnlakes all rights reserved | privacy policy





scroll up 











