
















home




























              
liturgica music - all things holy and beautiful
    home



  music styles



  about us












    
 





       



    my christian music blog



   this is my journey through various stages of spiritual music that i have wandered into, or sought, purposely over the years. music sustains and refreshes my soul. it helps me memorize scripture. it reminds me of god's promises. music opens my mind to the truth of god's intent toward me. it helps me to understand my identity in christ, bolstering my faith, and realizing my authority (i am continuing to learn in these areas, of course).
spiritual, or christian music, is as much a part of me as my bible. we are inseparable, as it should be, imo. i have found my spiritual musical tastes have changed over the years, just as my secular musical tastes have. in these blogs, i just write some of my memories, some thoughts about the effect of these musical genres, as well as the ways that i view them now.you, being a unique individual, have your own distinct relationship with music. i'm sure you have your own impressions, feelings, experiences, and thoughts on spiritual music. my hope is that, as you read my blog, you'll gain insight, overcome prejudices, and draw closer to the god who loves you beyond belief.



   

 i began as a catholic -
young and impressionable, heart wide open, and with a curious mind. not a bad place to be (my goal in life is to get back to that as an adult, seeking god). so this music made a huge impact on my life, and my thinking about god. catholic music, to me, was very reverent, a bit solemn, and quieter than most music. it gave me a feeling that god was holy, unapproachable, and bigger than we could imagine. i know now, that god is anything but unapproachable, but he is definitely holy and bigger than even my adult imagination. i'm not sure which has grown more - my reverence of god, my amazement at his immensity, or my ability to approach him in any circumstance.
i still enjoy catholic music as a way of praising, and worshiping, as it seems to lend itself to that quite easily. most of the songs we sang
(continued here)



   

 old-time hymns as a baby christian -
in my mid thirties, i found jesus. that changed everything. not immediately, but over a year or two, i started hearing songs in a non catholic church that delighted my soul, and filled my mind with thoughts of a kind, loving god. could it be true?! is god really loving, and not angry with me?
this became a game changer for me. seeing jesus as someone on my side through gentle ballads and soulful, passionate tunes opened up my heart to revelations that god was not vengeful, nor was he always ready to punish, or constantly disappointed in me.
most of these older songs are strongly rooted in scripture, but in that amazing way that musicians have of re-wording a phrase. now, when i hear these old time songs, i still feel the joy of knowing god is always with me, he is always for me, "it is well," and his "amazing grace" is all we need. i've noticed that even in church with hundreds of people present & singing, when one of these songs is begun, there is a joyful, intense, sincerity that few other songs produce.  (continued here)



   

 christian rock -
i moved onto the rock genre of christian music next. honestly, this was inevitable. i'm a classic rock lover at heart, so it was only a matter of time. the faster rhythm, dance-worthy beats, and catchy tunes brought out the child in me. i'd find myself dancing in my living room for god, thoroughly enjoying both god & the melody. my heart will probably always gravitate toward rock-n-roll, in every season of my life, but this period of time kept me squarely in the midst of it, unwilling to listen to anything else. who knew that christian music could be fun? i was in this season of music, exclusively, for at least 15 years.since that time, (continued here)



   

 worship & praise music -
this is sort of where i am now. i'm learning to focus more on god's attributes, beauty, and power regardless of my circumstances. in this style, i find myself listening to songs in all the above genres, as well as a few newer ones, like jazz, and rap.
i attended a particular church for a few years that didn't have a band, nor a quality sound system. i loved the preaching, so i wanted to stay, but i was complaining to god about the music. he said, "you aren't there to be entertained." that hit home. i was focusing on my wants instead of on the real purpose for worshiping. i guess we all have to learn that sooner or later. (continued here)



   

 what comes next?
is there a limit to our creator's musical abilities? doubtful. i often wonder how the angels sound when they sing. surely they have their own style, something no ear has ever heard, nor any mind imagined the beauty of sounds and musical colors they put together.
do clouds sing? do stones emanate lyrics? does our heavenly clothing make songs in harmony with our personalities? so many questions to be answered...i've heard people talk about these things, if they've been fortunate enough to be taken to heaven and returned. although i've never experienced that, i've no doubt god has the ability to fascinate my body, soul, and spirit with his music. the best concert ever!



    shout outs!
 this is just a section i decided to add to give a head's up to music being played that is by friend's, coworker's, musician's i admire, and more. i will add more as i have time.the first one is
dj tempe located in the same. this is a dj service provided by a friend of mine who is incredibly gifted in his skill set. music delights the soul, and he knows this full well. his business is up & coming, and i am proud to promote it!






      



   liturgica music602-671-0394 
chandler, az.egleadgen@gmail.com




   powered by
snapps















































































































  
  share by:








