



connecticut antiques online dealers american european furniture estate gold diamond jewelry sterling silver paintings fine art porcelain ceramics objects of art antiquing in new england


































toggle navigation




oneofakindantiques.com





categories 

advertising
african art masks
antiquities
architectural
art pottery
asian
baskets
books
boxes
brass copper bronze pewter
cast iron
childrens
chinese
clocks / timepieces / watches
decorative objects
desk articles
epherma
featured / fabulous finds
fine art
firearms, militia guns
folk art
furniture
glass art
india
japanese
jewelry / estate / gold / silver
kitchen items
lighting
maritime
mirrors
musical
native american
photographic / photos / cameras
porcelain
prints / lithographs / etchings
memorabilia
sculpture
sewing
silver
sports memorabilia
stoneware
textiles
tiffany
tools
toys



information 

antiques price guide
appraisals
about one of a kind antiques
consigning & purchasing
contact us
selling your items
payment policy
shipping
privacy policy
return policy
connecticut sales tax
customer feedback
auction services
bookmark our website
selling silver and gold
link to one of a kind antiques





enter keywords to search




        		     any word(s)
        	



        		     all word(s)
        	

search


receive email updates!









established 1975


one of a kind
antiques
oneofakind antiques.com


online since 1995



 


 


 


contact us







					[
you are on page # 1 in the memorabilia category of our website. there are 23 items in this category.  click one of the pages below to view more items in this category.





← previous
1
2
3
4
5
next →






click any image to zoom
















original woodstock magazine and unused ticket to the concert

item# 11838    $325

original woodstock issue of life magazine and unused concert ticket concert mounted in lucite. the magazine is in fair condition but no pages are torn or missing.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom





















introduction a la geographie engraving 1761

item# 11096    $450

'introduction a la geographie' copper atlas engraving in original color by de mornas. france, 1761. framed under glass. frame measures 26.5 x 20 inches; engraved area of the print inside the plate marks measures 20.5 x 14 inches.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom



















sunderland ancient order of foresters luster jug

item# 11014    $475

sunderland earthenware luster jug. ancient order of foresters with a storm-tossed galleon ship verso. measures 5.5" high by 7.5" spout to handle. excellent condition.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom



















royal group photo with the prince of wales and queen mary

item# 10958    $185

royal group photo take at buckingham place on occasion of the prince of wales' return from canada. copyright photo by vandyk, 41, buckingham place r s. w. 1. measures 8" by 11".
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom












photograph of king george and queen mary

item# 10957    $165

their majesties king george and queen mary, with the prince of wales and princess mary inspecting plans in aberystyth, wales. original photograph. slight tear in top right of photo. stamped photos by brown bros. 108 fulton st. n.y. measures 11" by 13".
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.







← previous
2
3
4
5
next →













copyright ©1995-2025, oneofakindantiques.com, llc. owned and operated by one of a kind antiques, llc. all rights reserved. one of a kind antiques, dealers since 1975  in: american, european & asian antiques, baroque, rococo, empire, federal, regency, victorian, arts and crafts, art deco, mid century modern & country furniture, folk art, fine art, decorative objects, silver, rugs, ceramics & lighting.
grandpashabet
grandpashabet giriş
palacebet
royalbet
palacebet giriş
pashagaming
hızlıbahis
palacebet güncel giriş
pashagaming giriş
royalbet giriş
grand pashabet
porno

 







