




all makes vacuums & sewing machines - home page






























info@vacsew.com.com
(310) 378-0251   -   store hours: mon - fri 9:30-5:30 sat 9:30-4:00


                        
                        
                        
            




















home
about
services
repairs
products 

air purifiers
vapamore mr-100 primo steam cleaning system
vacuum cleaners 

upright vacuums
canister vacuums
electric brooms
readivac
riccar

sebo
simplicity
titan




team
blog
contact


 





welcome to all makes vac & sew
we sell the best vacuum cleaners, air purifiers, and sewing machines on the market, and will repair the rest.we are a 2nd generation family owned and run business in the same location since 1966!

services














why buy from us?
why purchase your next vacuum cleaner from an independant vacuum cleaner store?





stay away from big box stores
click here to learn why the big box stores are the wrong places to buy vacuum cleaners.





bagged vs. bag-less
you really need to read this before you buy a bag-less vacuum cleaner.





check out our blog
some of our thoughts about vacuum cleaners, sewing machines, air purifiers and pet care products.









about us!
what we do!
we sell and service just about every major brand of vacuum cleaner, sewing machine, and built-in central vacuum system brand on the market today.
                we also do electrical repairs on most lamps
                our qualified staff can handle any vacuum or sewing machine repair or we can help you pick out a new machine!
                we are family owned and operated and have been in the same location here in torrance since 1966.







services





we sell new vacuum cleaners, air purifiers, sewing machines
we sell the best vacuum cleaners, sewing machines and air purifiers at affordable prices, give a 30 day trial period, a 60 day price guarantee, and we do accept trade-ins. 





we repair vacuum cleaners, sewing machines & lamps
we always give free repair estimates on all all brands of vacuum cleaners, sewing machine & lamp repairs. in most cases, we can get your vacuum cleaner or sewing machine repaired and back to you within one day. all repairs are done in-store. 





central vacuum systems
we design and install the most powerful built-in central vacuum systems for your home. we also repair every brand of central vacuum systems. 





pets
do you have pets? we have great vacuum cleaners and pet supplies to help you clean up their messes and fur!




>
loaner vacuum cleaners
if we have to order parts for your vacuum cleaner repair, we sometimes will have a free loaner vacuum cleaner available for your use.





allergies?
we sell air purifiers, and vacuum cleaners with real hepa filtration













connie b.
torrance


                                i will never go anywhere else. carl is the most honest and has never gives any pressure. he fixed my old vacuum and finally invested in a new one. i love it!
                                






cindy a.
torrance


                                we are always totally pleased with the knowledge and care all makes vacuums provides when we have a repair either for our vacuums or sewing machine  (which has gotten lots of use this past year!) we would not go to any other shop for a repair or purchase.
                                






ellen b.
palos verdes


                                i have taken my sewing machine here,along with my daughters & a friends. for repairs & general checkup. he is quick & does a great job. and on repairs gives you guarantee for work.
                                






cammi h.
freelancer


                                inheriting a family sewing machine poses challenges, like keeping it in good repair. the service received from all makes was very good and thorough. special thanks to carl for the follow-up phone call! i am very impressed by what a great place this is. when you consider holidays, old machine, and other circumstances - all makes overcomes all to deliver great service and a great customer experience. thank you to all! you are a highlight of my holiday season!
                                






judi c.
hermosa beach


                                all makes vacuum & sewing sales and repair shop in walteria is a fabulous, knowledgeable, friendly and reliable vacuum sales and repair shop! i've personally use them for over 10 years! same owner, carl, who goes out of his way to hep me! he actually came to my home to repair my vacuum! he went above and beyond! he exceeded my expectations about repairs, and he fixed my central vacuum intake vent !
                                i highly recommend this company  to everyone! you'll love it !
                                












team
our hardworking family
we are a 2nd generation locally owned and operated business.








carl tice
owner









linda tice
owner









kaya
store mascot









gene marten
founder & owner - opened in 1966










f.a.q
frequently asked questions






what are your store hours? 


                                    we are open monday - friday 9:30 - 5:30, saturday 9:30 - 4:00, closed on sundays.
                                



where you located? 


                                    our address is 24260 hawthorne blvd. torrance, ca 90505. we are 1 1/2 blocks south of pch - on hawthorne blvd - on the east side of the street - just north of 244th. there is a map towards the bottom of this screen.
                                



why don't you sell every brand of vacuum cleaner? 


                                    the brands we sell represent the best in our industry. these are companies that have proven over time to not only support you the customer, but also they support us. we will not sell brands that simply overflow the landfills every three to five years.
                                    see our blog post about this issue.
                                



are you licensed for central vacuum installation or repairs? 


                                    carl is a licensed and bonded contractor for central vacuum system and has been this type of work for close to 30 years.
                                



what is your turn around time for repairs? 


                                    we usually can promise no more than a one-to-two day turn around unless we need to order up parts. we are also willing to try to get your repair done quicker if possible.
                                



i noticed your mascot picture. what kind of dog is that? 


                                    kaya is a siberian husky. we got her when she only eight weeks old.
                                











store hours:   monday-friday 9:30-5:30, saturday 9:30-4:00





our address
24260 hawthorne blvd, torrance, ca 90505





email us
info@vacsew.com





call us
(310) 378-0251)

































loading

your message has been sent. thank you!

send message












all makes vac & sew

                        24260 hawthorne blvd
                        torrance, ca 90505
                        united states 
phone :  (310) 378-0251
email : info@vacsew.com



useful links

 home
 about us
 services

 





            © copyright all makes vac & sew. all rights reserved
        

            designed by carl tice

















