






welcome to martye.com












 
         
       
 
 
































the lc bluetooth, lcs and icab apps are available at the itunes
          store!  icab is now free!




















lionel
              legacy system info
 
martye
              legacy videos
ed
              h's legacy engine guide

              legacy upgrade procedure
legacy
              upgrade video

mth
              dcs
              version 6.1 upgrade and 5.0 loader are available.  go to www.protosounds2.com
              for details!
mth
              wifi app now operates legacy engines in legacy mode!


listen
              now!
derek brings
              all the o gauge news now!




 
my
              local train shop
 
imperial
              train company
 
 they
              moved to texas but have
an
              online presence!
 
              





 













kodi...
        part of our family, never forgotten.
 
3/31/90-9/28/04









   
  




    
        






















    welcome to
martye.com, home to kodiak junction, the fictional little town that time
forgot.  named after my beloved friend kodi the husky dog, kodiak junction
lets me get away from real life and let the trains roll!  keep an eye out
as kodi wanders into pictures every now and then in miniature form.     
    i have been
collecting and operating lionel, mth, k-line and others for almost my entire
life. my father set up his modest layout at christmas every year and my brother
and sisters always helped out. when i married and moved into my own home i
started my own tradition of a holiday layout, only i got bitten by the train
"bug" and started to gather quite a collection.
    i own mostly lionel with
command control and modern lionel accessories. i do have and continue to buy
lionel post-war but the command control items have kept my interest lately. most
of my mth items are rolling stock and accessories. at this point i own only a
couple of mth engines and have incorporated the dcs command system onto my
layout as well to get the most out of them.
   my current layout is certainly not
anything huge or complex as the room available to me is small but i use this
space to refine and work on skills that i will need when i do have the room to
expand kodiak junction into a big life of it's own!  i currently have ross
switches, lionel tubular track, as well as dcs and legacy command
components.  the power to my layout is supplied by 2 pw zw transformers and
1 pwc zw controller.  simple loops provide me with some run time since my
divorce and relocation to a temporary residence.  not wanting to start
anything too grand until i am in my permanent home.
   trains and lionel trains
especially have given me a release from the pressures and worries of everyday
life.  a little escape from my problems and concerns.  when sitting at
the layout with the controller in hand, listening to the roar of the diesel or
watching the drivers of a steam locomotive and everything else no longer
matters.  i've returned to my childhood where life was so much
simpler.  no jobs, wife, kids, or worries.  just a boy and his dad's
lionel trains.
   through my own experiences and those of others i hope to
achieve someday that "ultimate railroad".
    so sit back and browse.
let me know what you think by emailing me at
marty@martye.com.
 

      
this page is best viewed with ...  
logos and graphics used for link purposes
only.  









    





home
what's new
media
tips and
        tricks
links









email me at marty@martye.com






