

















police department | haines city, fl








 















skip to main content



















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in
















    government      departments      living & visiting      doing business      how do i...  


 

 

 

 

 




 














facebook








twitter








instagram








instagram










 
 
 



 












search







 
 
 






 
homedepartmentspolice department












police department		






the haines city police department is responsible for enforcing the laws of the state of florida and the code of ordinances of haines city. the department is a recognized leader on the state and national level, and serves a diverse population of approximately 33,000 people. our agency is comprised of 70 sworn personnel who patrol approximately 26 square miles of total land area.we are a calea-accredited agency, which is the international commission on accreditation for law enforcement agencies. the purpose of the calea accreditation program is to improve the delivery of public safety services to each agency's local residents and to the general public, primarily by: maintaining a body of standards, developed by public safety practitioners, covering a wide range of up to date public safety initiatives; establishing and administering an accreditation process; and recognizing agencies professionalism and performance of excellence in adhering to these international standards.mission statementour mission is working in partnership with our community to prevent crime and provide the highest level of service.core valuesour core values are integrity, commitment, accountability and professionalism.these are not just words for us. they represent the values we believe in. they are the core of our entire operation. as leaders of the community, we will perform our duties by doing the right thing consistently with the utmost fairness and respect for all citizens. we will be loyal to our mission and to the community we serve. we will protect and defend the rights of all citizens with dignity, honor and compassion. we will have the courage to do what is right and to stand against what is wrong, while always applying common sense to the difficult decisions we must make. our visionour vision is integrity in service. a safe city where residents and visitors experience an enhanced quality of life.partnering with crime stoppers to solve crimesheartland crime stoppers provides anonymous cash rewards for information regarding crimes occurring in polk, highlands, and hardee counties. working hand and hand with local law enforcement agencies, we strive to solve crime with your assistance. anyone with information who wants to remain anonymous and be eligible for a cash reward is asked to call heartland crime stoppers at 1-800-226-tips or log onto www.p3tips.com to submit your tip via the web. for a secure and password protected mobile app for your smart device, go to the app store and download the free “p3tips” mobile app. no caller id, no recorded lines, no tracking cookies, no saved ip addresses. anonymity is guaranteed!!



 
 




redlight camera notice - for information regarding your red light notice please call 1-866-790-4111.



 
 
 







terrorism tip information







federal branch - federal terrorism information page



local tampa branch - local fbi branch covering brevard, ft. myers, lakeland, orlando, pinellas, and sarasota



hcpd terrorism tip brochure (pdf)





view all




/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 







driver resources







beginning teen drivers: what parents need to know (iihs.org)



iihs: beginning teenage drivers brochure (chubb.com)



teenage drunk driving - dui and teens





view all




/quicklinks.aspx



 
 






additional information







citizen input



sexual predator search



community and police partnership advisory council





view all




/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 


was this page helpful for you?
yes
no





 






contact us





					greg goreck
					
				
police chief
email chief goreck 
more information



police department

physical address
view map 
35400 highway 27
haines city, fl 33844








35400 highway 27  haines city fl 33844


directions


phone: 863-421-3636
fax: 863-421-3640
emergency phone: 911

directory





					jay hopwood
					
				
deputy chief of police
email jay hopwood 
more information




  
 
 






accreditation


administration


code compliance


hcpd citizen input


public records custodian


sex offenders




 





 














pay utility bill








start utilityservices








employment








reportan issue








publicrecords










 
 
 



 







contact us







	620 east main street    
haines city, florida 33844     
phone:  863-421-3600
 






  
 



  
 







helpful links







subscribe to city manager’s report



cemeteries online



community redevelopment agency (cra)



parks & recreation









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







faqs








where is the police department located?


what do i do during a traffic stop?


where can i get fingerprinted?








/faq.aspx




 
 



  
 







using this site







home



site map



contact us



accessibility



copyright notices



privacy policy









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 













facebook
twitter
pinterest
delicious
blogger
linkedin






 
 













home
my account
printer friendly
email page
contact us
rss
site map
translate page
notifications
documents






 
 
 

 














   government websites by civicplus®
 






  
 
 



 














under florida law, email addresses are public records. if you do not want your email address released in response to a public records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity. instead, contact this office by phone or in writing.
 






  
 
 








 
 
 















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close










  







arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









