ï»¿


consent preferences



spurs odyssey - home page



  

 
























over 25 years of archives at spurs odyssey














  main page 



  news and views from paul smith, and links to the interactive features of the spurs odyssey site.  [more..] 



  features




  articles, reports, views, opinions, comments and other features all related to spurs.  [more..] 



  news 



  
spurs news 24/7

kiwislots




 


 

players from all over the world can now enjoy casinos where registration is not needed.




adlerslots

  




  match reports 



 









 


thanks for visiting spurs odyssey!   








norman giller's latest spurs odyssey blog

 
â·  proud support drowns out protests - giller's view



crisis? what crisis? it's amazing what a victory can do for everybody's confidence. suddenly extreme optimists are talking about tottenham lifting the europa league trophy and even many of the keyboard warriors appeared to have softened their war on ange postecoglou.

it was the deafening and dedicated chanting of the tottenham supporters that helped spurs get over the line yesterday in a vital victory over a manchester united side they can claim to have now beaten outright this season......

â·  see norman giller's latest spurs odyssey article in full.

â·  the "giller index" - listing all norman's articles for spurs odyssey





spurs odyssey premier league match report

 
. spurs 1 manchester united 0 - spurs win desperation stakes
. spurs v manchester united preview - crunch game for two bottom-half teams



spurs beat ruben amorim's manchester united to climb above their opponents and into their highest league position (12th) since the new year. james maddison scored the only goal of the game, demonstrating the benefit of options regarding selection which were held by ange postecoglou, who had five players available after injury.

the spurs starting line-up was not quite as exciting as perhaps we had hoped with goalkeeper vicario the only other returnee to start. vicario proved his worth with a string of good saves in his first start since we beat man city in november. brennan johnson and wilson odobert were seen in the second half.

kevin danso and mathys tel made their home debuts. it was a premier league debut for tel and a spurs league debut for danso, who previously played for southampton in 2019). djed spence retained his place at left back and was the spurs man of the match with good defence and great skill, coupled with pace up and down the line.........

full report here...



spurs odyssey feature articles    




â· latest premier league review - matchday 25

. last man standing - john sainty

betterbonus

.tipster reviews

â· spurs fans can find the newest irish betting sites and get the best odds on the next game.

â·   all
the spurs stats you could hope for here! thfc6061 sports stats

onlinecasinos.mt

follow @spursodyssey






spurs odyssey fa cup rd 4 match report

 
. aston villa 2 spurs 1 - just the europa league to go for then
. aston villa v spurs fa cup preview - yet another absentee from spurs' fa cup squad




thanks to eugene gasper for this picture

it's fair to say that due to richarlison's injury sustained at anfield on thursday night, ange postecoglou had to go into this fa cup fifth round tie with even less resources, with no players returning from injury just yet. however, the fact is that spurs have been knocked out of the two domestic cups in just four days and ange's hope of a second season trophy rests upon success in the europa league. the same can be said of winning any place in europe next season.

spurs list of absentees runs to 12 with dane scarlett cup-tied for this game. once again, we had to play without our top three scorers and arguably top four centre-backs. the depression deepens for spurs and for postecoglou, who has led us to 21 defeats in our last 46 games in all competitions.......

full report here...





spurs odyssey carabao cup semi-final (2) match report

 
. liverpool 4 spurs 0 - spurs just weren't at the races at liverpool
. liverpool 4 spurs 0  - john ellis comments
. liverpool v spurs carabao cup sf(2) preview - a huge task for spurs at anfield
. spurs 1 liverpool 0 - lucas has the energy, the goal, and the headlines!
. spurs v liverpool carabao cup sf(1) preview - thoughts of a spurs win seem forlorn


thanks to eugene gasper for this picture

this was always going to be a very difficult hurdle for a team missing its first choice goalkeeper, three centre-backs, its three top scorers and more. the pressure was relentlessly against us from the start. at half-time, without one  shot on target, we were level in the tie, seemingly still with some hope of success. that flicker of hope was extinguished five minutes into the second half  when the inexperienced kinsky brought down nunez and salah converted the penalty in front of the kop.

i personally cannot remember the kop being so vocal as their team pressed on and added two more goals to ensure their passage to a record 15th league cup final. son had a couple of late efforts that were close, but we ended the game without a single shot on target which is an abysmal statistic. spurs were just not at the races here.......

read the match report in full here...





spurs odyssey premier league match report

 
. brentford 0 spurs 2 - resolute spurs earn precious win!
. brentford v spurs preview - please lift us from our depression spurs
. london derby league matches since 1997



thanks to andy park for this picture

it was groundhog day (2nd february) over in pennsylvania, but the only significant number two here was the two goals scored by a spurs side still missing their top three scorers (maddison, johnson and solanke) and their two first choice centre-backs (romero and van de ven). 

another superb inswinging corner by son led to a first half own goal, and after defending their slender lead with utter determination and resolution spurs achieved their first win in seven premier league games and also their first clean sheet in those intervening league matches. the second goal, also made by son, but scored with aplomb by substitute pape sarr, was one of pure skill.

thus, spurs climbed back into 14th place, ten points clear of the bottom three. that is a significant and surely decisive margin.........

full report here...





spurs odyssey europa league match report

 
. spurs 3 elfsborg 0 - the kids are alright!
. spurs v elfsborg preview - mickey van de ven returns tomorrow!




three young academy products (two of whom came off the spurs bench in the second half) won the game, together with the headlines as they each scored their first senior goals for the club.

20-year-old dane scarlett was recalled from his loan at oxford this month and now he has appeared for spurs, he won't be going out on loan again this season. dane made his senior debut in november 2020 and last appeared for the first team at the end of last season. he set the ball rolling when he headed in kulusevski's cross in the 66th minute.

to be honest, elfsborg never looked like scoring and scarlett's goal was probably enough to settle the result. however, debutant 19-year-old damola ajayi scored a very neat goal on his club debut (assisted by scarlett) before mikey moore (still only 17 remember) scored his first senior goal almost on the stroke of full time. the kids are alright!......

full report here...



spurs odyssey message board   

spurs odyssey message board



the most epic thread on the spurs odyssey message board was one which started in 2010. this provided the history of our new stadium applications (including the thankfully unsuccessful bid for the olympic stadium) right up to the present day with images of the completed new stadium. in the early hours of saturday 20th october, 2018, our stadium thread reached 1,000 pages! there is a genuine community feel about the board, which is moderated.

every spurs match is covered with excellent threads, which feature images and stats from previous games. there is so much to enjoy about the message board which also has an off-topic section where non-football matters are discussed.

there is also a great archive of filed material with links to some great spurs history and goals.

if you would like to become even more involved, then please e-mail me (webmaster@spursodyssey.com)
stating your full name, address (town and country will suffice!) and desired user name, and i will do the rest.

i look forward to hearing from you!


spurs odyssey ...also on facebook here 
 

tweets by @spursodyssey




search spurs odyssey &/or the web!   




  


enter your search terms  submit search form         web


www.spursodyssey.com



    
  





back
  to top of page




  statistics




  fixtures, appearances, current league table, form guide, reserves
fixtures, and spurs honours   [more..]





  archives




  find match reports, appearances, goalscorers and features from
previous seasons.   [more..]




  pick of the week 



  selected spurs related sites are highlighted in this section. [more..] 



  links 



  view a comprehensive list of links to other spurs related sites. (with a few extras)  [more..] 



  about this site 



 
. overview
. history
. contributors




  contacts




 
site owner . paul smith  










 

zamsino




betting sites not on gamcare

new non gamstop casino

non gamstop sports betting

casinos outside gamstop







  all material on the spurs odyssey website is ©1997-2025 paul smith unless otherwise stated.

















we use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. we also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. full details van be found via the spurs odyssey privacy policy

 do not sell my info 









