







sign on



















                    please sign on using your desktop credentials
                







forgot nuid





forgot password





important notice: you are accessing kp’s it system. you are the first line of defense against cyberattacks. spot and stop suspicious interactions. slow down when interacting with suspicious emails. don't call or click and avoid web downloads. help us protect lifesaving care for kp members and report anything suspicious.  call kp’s it service desk use outlook’s [report spam] button or forward the email to phishing@kp.org 






                          sign on
                      





 if you need assistance with signing on, please contact kp’s it service desk.










you are accessing a private computer system owned by or authorized by kaiser permanente. all information contained in or on this system is deemed to be private, confidential and proprietary to kaiser permanente or its agents. your use of this private computer system must be limited to authorized kaiser permanente business purposes and shall be in compliance with kaiser permanente policies, requirements and guidelines. you may download confidential and/or sensitive kaiser permanente information or data, including but not limited to personally identifiable information (pii), protected health information (phi), payment card information (pci) from this system only to devices provided by kaiser permanente. by accessing this private computer system, you agree to comply with all applicable kaiser permanente policies, requirements and guidelines, and you expressly consent to the monitoring of your use to detect improper access or misconduct. if possible criminal activity or other improper access to or use of the system is detected, your conduct may be reported to management and/or law enforcement, which may result in criminal charges, corrective or disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment.
hourly/non-exempt employees may not work outside of approved schedules without authorization.  if you are working, either remotely or in a kaiser permanente facility, you must report and be paid for all time worked whether it was authorized or not.

 
 




