



filibuster press














































pop-up preset:





























email for replies: 


location: 

centered
bottom right
fullscreen


width 

height 

pop options: 
timer 
on scroll 
on exit 


pop after

  seconds


pop after scrolling

 % of the page










































home




light in the hills




the yellowstone faithful




mark the monster




the one who lost




peace corps volunteer




getting things done




the key to life




contact us




holiday shopping




tom, what are you doing here?




the legend of the flute player




chicory




retirement









































our books (so far)











do you have a story to tell? we'd like to help you tell it.contact us if you need a publisher.publisher@filibusterpress.com











































chicory






poetry of people, plants and places



















































tom, what are you doing here?






adventures in public service



















































getting things done






stories of leadership from the south bend mayor's office to the school board to the peace corp and beyond


















































the key to life




inspirational tales, stories, and verse to help you control and appreciate the gift of your life


















































the one who lost






an inside look at what it is like to lose a campaign in your community and continue to live in the community



















































the making of a peace corps volunteer






from maine to thailand, a story of hope and accomplishment from the early peace corps.



















































mark the monster






a child learns the value of self-reliance, and saves the town!



















































a light in the hills






a family learns that their child with special needs has been a true gift.



















































the yellowstone faithful






an environmental thriller


















































the legend of the flute player




an inspirational story for children and adults.




















































serve, communicate, evaluate




filibuster press










































our books







books that could change your government. books that could change your life.take a look above.support small publishers and local authors.


















































our works





community development is our calling and our passion.check out these two great projects we are helping:envision ellettsvillemypath trail system

















































our service





kyle hannon is a member of some great organizations:secretary of the board of the indiana evaluation association.board member and chair of the government affairs committee for the greenways foundation of indiana.facilitator of the regional trail alliance in owen and monroe counties.





















































our works











we have extensive experience in planning, strategizing, and writing. we can help you and your organization too.











































community development






serving as project manager for the envision ellettsville visioning project. and for the mypath trail system.


















































public policy expertise




providing legislative policy advice to area organizations.

















































natrual writing




creating content to promote outdoor activities and the natural environment




















































serve, communicate, evaluate




filibuster press








































why would we name a company "filibuster"?





well, when we named the company, we were thinking of something else.when the filibuster became part of the senate procedure, it granted the minority an opportunity to be heard. everyone had to stop until the individual was done talking.we kind of like that concept.however, the current use of the filibuster is nothing like its creation. this article shares more about the early filibuster (which was good in theory) and the way it has been misused by the us senate.photo by caleb fisher on unsplash

















































environmental commitment





fp will not make special trips, by automobile, to the post office to mail packages or letters. packages and mail can be carried to the post office on bicycle or by walking. if a longer trip is planned, and a post office is within 50 yards of the most direct route, the driver may pull over to visit the post office. but we are committee to fulfilling orders quickly, so we anticipate most post office trips will be by bicycle or walking.packaging will be made of recyclable material to reduce the amount of trash sent to the landfill. (please note, we purchased a few non-recyclable envelopes before we made our environmental commitment. we will use these envelopes, rather than send them directly to the landfill. in addition, we will include suggestions on how the packages can be re-used.)paper reduction in book creation: all future publications of books from filibuster press will include an e-book edition. some people will always prefer a paperback book. but we will ensure an electronic version is available.project management services: in driving to locations to perform project management, filibuster press will prioritizes bicycling or walking, when possible, or driving a hybrid vehicle.

















































diversity, equity, and inclusion





in seeking sub-contractors, filibuster press is committed to seeking minority-owned businesses and/or women-owned businesses to bid on services. these services include, but are not limited to, artwork, editing, and project management.there is more to be done and we hope to do it.






































































574-612-5521




publisher@filibusterpress.com







filibuster press




bloomington, indiana











































we are here for you and your pet




feel free to ask anything...


















send














































