

home | whitley county consolidated schools














































































skip to contenttranscriptscalendars enrollment & online registrationschool performance reportssearch sitewhitley county consolidated schoolssmall town values. world class results.transcriptscalendars enrollment & online registrationschool performance reportssearch sitemenuschoolstranslatemenuschoolstranslateskip galleryend of galleryemployment opportunitiesfacility useskywardclosings and delaysdistrict calendarsafety tip linewccs connectionwhy choose wccs94.25 graduation rateour graduation rate is consistently among indiana’s elite schools and higher than the state of indiana.3,617 studentswccs serves prek-12 students with an academy-structured high school and montessori elementary option. every student has opportunities at wccs. 24 cte pathwaysavailable to cchs students. career and technical education opportunities begin in the elementary level at wccs. 73,000 milesdriven by our busses for the 2023-2024 school year with daily routes and extracurricular events. global role model for special educationour special education department is an international role model, bringing visitors to our district from as far away as saudi arabia and bangladeshevidence-based trainingwe were one of the first schools in indiana to use evidence-based training for all of our teachers.competitive in all aspectsour students compete at state and national levels in athletics, academics and clubs, including our national championship-winning future farmers of america program.one-to-one technologyevery student in grades k-12 has access to a tech device on a daily basis.find uswhitley county consolidated schools107 n walnut stcolumbia city, in 46725260-244-5771 (phone)260-244-4099 (fax)notice under the americans with disabilities actnon-discrimination policyanti-harassment general policy statementmedia contact
dr. laura mcdermottclick to email dr. mcdermottschoolswhitley county consolidated schoolscolumbia city high schoolindian springs middle schoolcoesse elementary schoollittle turtle elementary schoolmary raber elementary schoolmary raber montessori schoolnorthern heights elementary schooleagleview onlinestay connectedwhitley county consolidated schools corporation is committed to equal opportunity and does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, creed, sex, handicapping conditions, or national origin including limited english proficiency, in any employment opportunity. no person is excluded from participation in, denied the benefits of, or otherwise subjected to unlawful discrimination on such basis under any educational program or student activity. for further information, clarification, or complaint (grievance) procedures, please contact the superintendent’s office (260-244-5771).copyright © 2025 whitley county consolidated schools. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more


