



food - the new york times
  




















skip to contentskip to site indexfood today’s papersupported byskip advertisementfoodcookingwine, beer & cocktailsrestaurant reviewshighlightsa marmalade to make paddington proudbring a jar of sunshine into your kitchen by preserving the bright citrus fruits of winter. by ben mimscreditchristopher testani for the new york times. food stylist: simon andrews.a new york restaurant, a texas farm and their plant-based brawlthey shared the same name, dirt candy, and a devotion to healthy food. but a trademark dispute turned into an urban-rural standoff. by kim seversoncreditariana gomez for the new york timescritic’s notebookthe $3 billion house that orange chicken builtthe parent restaurant of panda express underwent a multimillion-dollar renovation. the deep, comforting pleasures are still on the menu. by tejal raocreditmaggie shannon for the new york timeslive from this italian restaurant, it’s ‘saturday night’!for decades, the ‘saturday night live’ creator lorne michaels has been wining and dining celebrity hosts and staff members on tuesdays at the unassuming midtown restaurant lattanzi. by priya krishnacreditnico schinco for the new york timesoverlooked no more: lena richard, who brought creole cooking to the massesshe hosted a cooking show years before julia child was on the air, tantalizing viewers with okra gumbo, shrimp bisque and other southern specialties. by arlene schulmancreditnewcomb archives and vorhoff collection at tulane university.a simple salmon to tell someone you love themthis 30-minute recipe for “marry me salmon” feels special but is easy enough for a weeknight. by eric kimcreditarmando rafael for the new york times. food stylist: brett regot.at these bars and restaurants, a valentine’s day for the rest of uson one of the biggest nights of the year for restaurants, a select few are saying no to the “corporatization” of romance and the singling out of single people. by rachel sugarcreditnien-ken alec luthe best steak dinner is one you make at homechoose the right cut of meat and follow these easy tips to prepare steak au poivre for two. by alexa weibelcreditarmando rafael for the new york times. food stylist: brett regot.it’s little treat o’clockthese homemade sweets are ready in 25 minutes or less. by ali slaglecreditkelly marshall for the new york times. food stylist: samantha seneviratne.my obsessive quest for a thrilling beef noodle soupas lanzhou beef noodle soup goes from regional specialty to global attraction, i set out to find the best bowls in new york city. by priya krishnacreditshuran huang for the new york timescritic’s notebooka ramen that merges japan and the southonce thought of as a byproduct of collard greens, brothy, complex potlikker takes on new life as a wonderful base for a japanese staple. by korsha wilsoncreditkarsten moran for the new york timesa shirley temple hates to see him comingleo kelly is an 11-year-old beverage critic, and he already has the power to change restaurant menus. by luke fortneycreditlanna apisukh for the new york timesthe view rotates above manhattan once againthe restaurant on the 47th floor of the marriott marquis in times square is reopening under the management of danny meyer’s union square hospitality group. by florence fabricantcreditjason varneyoff the menusteak au poivre for two? don’t mind if i do.alexa weibel’s recipe is a stunner, using a super-marbled rib-eye steak to deliver crusty, peppery beef in a pan sauce rich with brandy and cream. by sam siftoncreditarmando rafael for the new york times. food stylist: brett regot.what to cookadvertisementskip advertisementlatestsearchsearchclear this text inputthree potpies that go beyond chickena japanese curry take on beef pie, an upscale fisherman’s pie and a comforting irish turkey pie.by nikita richardson may arugula always find meits peppery leaves add verve to all sorts of dishes, including melissa clark’s roasted cauliflower salad and yewande komolafe’s savory dutch baby.by tanya sichynsky how do you feel about dining alone? we want to hear.we’re asking readers to help us understand solo dining in america.by priya krishna miso-parmesan noodle soup, and more superb solo suppersplus a persian love cake scented with almonds, cardamom and rose water, and blanketed with a lemony icing.by mia leimkuhler chocolate!chocolate cheesecake with raspberry swirl; chocolate pound cake with strawberry whipped cream; chocolate-covered strawberries. chocolate.by melissa clark 19 very doable valentine’s day disheshoney-glazed chicken and shallots, french onion grilled cheese and an easy chocolate layer cake all feel special without being super fussy.by mia leimkuhler five easy pastas that are very romanticyou don’t have to “lady and the tramp” them, but i won’t stop you.by mia leimkuhler need an excellent meatless meal? hetty has you.hetty lui mckinnon’s new sheet-pan coconut curry with squash and tofu is an excellent example of the so easy, so flavorful recipes she’s known for.by melissa clark jalapeño-corn dip, a super bowlfollow it up with ham and cheese sliders and frosted sugar cookies. winners all.by sam sifton these wings are ‘finger-lickin’ fabulous’a five-star recipe from the chef rio irie yields spicy chicken wings that are funky and salty, sweet and sticky.by mia leimkuhler page 1 of 1012345678910advertisementskip advertisementcooking newsletterget regular updates from nyt cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice. and download cooking for iphone and ipad in the app store.sign upadvertisementskip advertisementfollow usnytcookinginstagram page for nytcookingnytcookingfacebook page for nytcookingnytcookingpinterest page for nytcookingsite indexsite information navigation© 2025 the new york times companynytcocontact usaccessibilitywork with usadvertiset brand studioyour ad choicesprivacy policyterms of serviceterms of salesite mapcanadainternationalhelpsubscriptionsmanage privacy preferences













