

















carpenter performing arts center


















      skip to main content
    
















utility menu


tickets


donate





























utility menu


tickets


donate












                  students
              



                  faculty and staff
              



                  future students
              











                  parents and family
              



                  alumni
              



                  community
              











                  news media
              










academics


research


academic calendar


international education


library





campus life


athletics


centers & organizations


commencement


events


housing


office of the provost


student life





about


accreditation


careers with csulb


explore


parking & maps


tuition and fees





alumni


alumni giving


alumni home


alumni volunteering







divisions


office of the president


administration & finance


information technology


office of the provost


student affairs


university relations & development





resources


49er foundation


49er shops


admissions


beachboard


campus directory


email


enrollment services


financial aid


help


mycsulb


schedule of classes


student records





services


university police


accessibility statement


cares team


crisis assistance


emergency information







colleges


the arts


engineering


education


liberal arts


business


professional & international education


natural sciences & mathematics





additional resources


covid-19 information


news


campus safety plan


title ix


free speech


careers


download document reader


privacy notice


diversity











facebook




instagram



















1250 bellflower boulevard
long beach, california 90840
562.985.4111











 
















open  menu 



home


calendar


2024-2025 season


tickets


ticket office


season brochure




visit


directions and parking


faqs


seating charts


richard & karen carpenter exhibit


accessibility


tour




arts for life


arts for life


community connections


campus connections


classroom connections


voices for justice series


virtual shakespeare aloud




about


mission & history


resident companies


past artists


employment


rental info & technical specs


privacy




support


donate


our donors


volunteer




connect


contact us


newsletter


meet the team


press










 











 


















tickets




donate




30th anniversary concert




graham nash tickets









our 2024/2025 seasonmarmar 9 james & jonimar 15 ballet hispánicomar 21 tien hsieh*mar 22 magic of jen krameraprapr 16-17 stella coleapr 19 isaac mizrahiapr 26 30th anniversary concert with renée elise goldsberry featuring richard carpentermaymay 4 symphonic jazz orchestra**an arts for life community connections concert. sjo spring and fall concert dates tbaexplore our serieswit and wisdomdancewow!sunday afternoon concertcabaretnew! pick your own seriesbuy tickets to any three eligible shows* and save $5 on each ticket when you use code pick3save at checkout.











upcoming performances

image





  live from laurel canyon presentsjames & joni: their stories, their songssun, mar 9, 2025 at 2pmticketsdelight in the iconic music of james taylor and joni mitchell, from their early hits to their legendary classics—including the personal stories behind the songs you know and love. more.

image





ballet hispánico - carmen.maquiasat, mar 15, 2025 at 8pmticketsexperience ballet hispánico’s stylish retelling of bizet's carmen, fusing contemporary dance with the spanish paso doble and flamenco. more.

image





tien hsiehfri, mar 21, 2025 at 8pmfree ticketsjoin us for an arts for life community connections concert featuring the artistry and virtuosity of classical pianist tien hsieh. more.

image





the magic of jen kramersat, mar 22, 2025 at 8pmticketsstraight from her own show in las vegas, magician jen kramer thrills with mesmerizing magic and jaw-dropping fun for all ages! more.

image





stella colewed/thu, apr 16–17, 2025 at 7pmticketsbe transported back in time to a bygone era with singing sensation stella cole. her voice and personality shine as timelessly as her inspirations garland and streisand. more.

image





an evening with isaac mizrahii know everybodysat, apr 19, 2025 at 8pmticketsiconic fashion designer and performer isaac mizrahi brings along his jazz sextet for a panache-filled evening of delicious fun, including tunes by cole porter, barbra streisand, and madonna! more.

image





30th anniversary concert with renée elise goldsberry featuring richard carpentersat, apr 26, 2025 at 8pmticketscelebrate the carpenter center’s 30th anniversary with renée elise goldsberry, the tony award-winning star of hamilton, and special guest richard carpenter. more.

image





symphonic jazz orchestrasun, may 4, 2025comprised of some of the top musicians in the country, the 68-member orchestra returns for rich explorations at the intersection of jazz and classical music. more.tickets to this arts for life event available 60 days prior to performance date. previously this seasonsep 28 an evening with charles blowoct 5 keyon harrold presents foreverlandoct 6 take me home: the music of john denver starring jim curryoct 12 a.i.m by kyle abrahamnov 8 kandace springsnov 9 pink floyd laser spectacularnov 10 some enchanted eveningnov 13-14 melissa errico - a noir romancenov 17 symphonic jazz orchestra (arts for life)dec 8 pilobolus - re:creationdec 12 the klezmatics & mostly kosherdec 14 an evening with ira glass - seven things i've learneddec 15 spanish harlem orchestra: salsa navidaddec 21 marshall charloff & purple xperiencejan 15-16 burnham sings bubléjan 18 capitol foolsjan 25 legends in concert: the eras of taylor tribute showjan 31 jarabe mexicanofeb 1 jason moran plays duke ellingtonfeb 2 rumours : the ultimate fleetwood mac tribute showfeb 5-6 julia keefeall programs, artists, prices, and dates subject to change.*tickets must be purchased together online at www.carpenterarts.org. discount applies to three shows only and may only be used once. this discount cannot be combined with any other offer. cabaret series shows excluded.










newsread about the carpenter center's creative approach to sustainability.get the best seats at the best prices—only purchase authorized tickets from carpenterarts.org and tix.com. learn more.attending a performancevisit our faq page to learn about attending a show, how to purchase tickets, and much more.parkingskip the lines! purchase your parking pass before arriving for a performance. learn how. parking remains $10 on weekends and after 5:30 p.m. on m–f.join our communitysign up for our mailing list or view a recent newsletter. also follow us on facebook and instagram to learn about upcoming events.donatesupport the carpenter center and our arts for life program with a donation.job openingshouse manager positionpartnershipthis season is presented in partnership with kcrw and with our season hospitality partner, gelson's.

image







image
























 








facebook




instagram

























6200 e atherton st,
long beach, california 90815
562.985.4274

























enter your keywords


























