









custer battlefield museum home 406-638-1876
























				  main menu





				









home


						exhibits



						visitor info 





						


						weather


						indian memorial dedication


						events


						battlefield news







						garryowen


						internships
press releases
 


 
 the museum's mission is to 
						educate the general public on the western migration 
						movement and the battle of the little bighorn.  
						this institution collects, preserves and exhibits 
						artifacts, beadwork, photographs, paintings, rare books, 
						and manuscripts.  the tomb of the united states 
						unknown soldier is maintained by this institution.  
						the museum is a non-profit 501(c)3, supported through 
						private funding.  the museum is located where the 
						battle of the little big horn began at sitting bull's 
						camp.




















where 
		the battle of the little big horn began . . . 





        garryowen, montana






		            custer battlefield museum

due  to the covid 19 pandemic, the custer battlefield museum and all other museum facilities on the battlefield are closed.
 

 little big horn battlefield driving audio tour 

the little big horn national monument tour road  located at interstate-90 - exit 510  is open every day of the week from 8:00am - 4:30pm. if you are  interested in learning the details and the story of the battle of the  little big horn here is your chance - as you walk or drive the road, you can listen to the driving  audio tour. this will give you an incredible  historical  educational experience over your cell phone at any time. call  406-214-3148 and then enter your stop number. enjoy your walk/drive through history!
> stops during the tour
 
history matters at the custer battlefield museum




 



at the  custer battlefield museum, 
you will see the extensive collection of 
				  custer battlefield & period artifacts including:
new sitting bull display
                  sitting bull's deathmask
                  d. f. barry photography collection
                  new lewis & clark exhibit 
> learn more about the museum's exhibits




				  visit the custer battlefield museum

directions: on interstate 90, take exit 514. 
the museum is located directly off the exit, next to the interstate.
open map
address:  custer 
                  
                  
                  battlefield museum, town hall, 
                  p. o. box 200, garryowen, mt  59031
telephone: 406-638-1876
                  fax:  406-638-2019
e-mail:  info@custermuseum.org
facebook: @custerbattlefieldmuseum


u.s. cavalry school's 
				training courses
visit www.uscavalryschool.com to learn
how you can be involved in a variety of horse riding adventures 
that will transport you back into history!



				   
				  

 



				    available books


arrow to the heart, the newly releasd book by chris kortlander



				    little bighorn, voices from a distant wind & contested ground
				    purchase the book and dvd combo- $34.95 delivered
				    call 406-638-1876 to order.








 

 
elizabeth custer library & museum of frontier of the west









visit website
none wounded, none missing, all dead, the deluxe edition
george & elizabeth custer stamp



elizabeth bacon 
				custer's epic tale of romance lives on 135 years after her 
				husband's death (garryowen, 
				mt)  the elizabeth custer library and museum, in 
				cooperation with authors howard kazanjian and chris enss, is 
				pleased to announce the upcoming release of 92 signed and 
				numbered, leather-bound deluxe editions of the authors' new book none wounded, none missing, all dead, in 
				connection with the 135th anniversary of the battle of the 
				little big horn.   > learn more
135th 
				anniversary first day caché: the custer battlefield museum 
				and the historic town of garryowen are pleased to announce the 
				release of a  us postal service first day cover on june 25, 
				2011, to commemorate the 135th anniversary of the battle of the 
				little big horn. the impressive caché has a garryowen 
				montana special station cancelation and a custom-made stamp with 
				the images of george & elizabeth custer.  limited number 
				available, $30, call 406-638-1876 to order.



 


home of the tomb of the unknown 
			soldier



hundreds of u.s. military officers visit garryowen every year to study the custer battle, to make sure tactical mistakes are not repeated.

general godfrey and chief white bull, both survivors of the battle of the little bighorn, clasp hands over the open crypt of the tomb of the unknown soldier at its dedication in 1926.


 






so you want to become a war chief
		      dr. joe medicine crow explains the process of becoming a war chief

 



dr. joseph medicine crow receives presidential 
						    medal of freedom at white house ceremony
august 12, 
						      2009


associated 
						    press
 president 
						        barack obama reaches around the head dress of chief joseph 
						        medicine crow to place a 2009 presidential medal of freedom 
						        around his neck, wednesday, aug.12, 2009, during a ceremony 
					        in the east room of the white house in washington.


video
						    watch the white house video


newsflash
						    dr. joseph medicine crow presidential medal of 
						    freedom recipient


ceremony slideshow
						     military award ceremony for dr. joseph medicine crow, june 25, 2008, garryowen, mt



audio
						  dr. medicine crow speaks about his war deeds and how he earned the right to be a crow chief





 




all about the custer battlefield museum
the custer battlefield museum offers extensive and unique exhibits... 
> learn more
the custer archives
the elizabeth bacon custer manuscript collection is the largest assemblage of custer-related documents in existence. its approximately six thousand pieces respresent a huge portion of the vast collection of documents that were in libbie custer's possession at the time of her death... 
> learn more










				the custer battlefield museum presents this





				special edition of "custer's last fight"





				anheuser-busch limited edition print





				36" x 27"

"custer's last fight" is the most 
				famous depiction of the battle of the little bighorn and the 
				most famously inaccurate.  it has been seen by 
				millions of people for over 100 years. for the first 
				time ever, anheuser-busch corporation granted special 
				permission to the custer battlefield museum to reissue on 
				museum-quality 
				quality, acid-free paper this famous print.

$ 99.99  includes shipping 
				& insurance(within the us 
				- call for international shipments)
call to order  (406) 638-1876

all proceeds go directly to benefit the new "peace 
				memorial" at garryowen


 


available now! 





				new montana specialty license plate


				  
				  
				  
				  
				  
				                   			



















museum admission

admission fees:
                        adults $8.00
                        children 12 & under free 
tours:
						    guided tours, group tours, and vip native american guided horse tours are available by special arrangement!
					      call 406-638-1876 
discount:
aaa members receive $1 discount on admission




museum hours

					      memorial day - 
						    
						    
						    
						    
						    
						    labor day
					      8:00 am to 5:00 pm

					      spring and 
						      
						      
						      
						      
						      
					      fall
					      9:00 am to 5:00 pm

				          winter
					        9:00 am to 2:00 pm

				          closed on all major holidays.  

email
info@custermuseum.org
                          call: 406-638-1876
map & directions 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 

"custer's last fight"famous anheuser-busch
					      reproductionclick here to 
					      order!


 
come up red
 the custer battlefield museum strikes gold
 an article and interview
                              by 2010 cmb 
                          intern hayley brazier

 
crazy horse exhibit
 
 
 comanche: battle 
                          survivor
after the battle, 
                          comanche was found near death from multiple arrow and 
                          bullet wounds. the horse was then taken to fort 
                          lincoln and nursed back to health. comanche lived 
                          another 15 years and died at the age of 28.


crow fair
 "garryowen" ringtone 
dr. joe medicine crow speaks about garryowen

mystery 
						files in 
						montana:  the myths of sitting bull at the battle 
						of the little big horn - an 
						article by kiley molinari, 2010 summer intern, custer 
						battlefield museum 

indiana nat'l guard 
						visits battlefield museum
						future generation of officers learn from custer's 
						successes and failures
 


chris kortlander, founding 





						director, custer battlefield museum, receives montana 





						governor's award on tourism
 





						

opportunities for giving
 





						


request a flag: a unique and 





						special gift
 


 





						










 

custer 





		battlefield museum | 1-90 exit 514  
		town hall, p. o. box 200, 





		garryowen, mt 59031  (406) 638-1876		|  e-mail

		christopher kortlander, director
when sending an inquiry, please provide 





		your full name and u.s. postal service mailing address in the event 





		that the information you seek cannot be provided on-line.






		artworks and photographs within this website may not be copied or 





		reproduced without written permission of the custer battlefield museum. 





		





copyright custer battlefield museum 2019, all rights reserved
 



