


















lazer 99.3 & 98.5 | everything that rocks ®













































































listen live



 
search






facebook


twitter


instagram


email


tunein


iphone


android
























menu

home
mornings
jocks
media

listen live
recently played
photos


connect

the list

the list – signup


facebook
twitter
instagram
locals only


news

local
sports
entertainment
national
lifestyle


events

concerts
station events
community events
submit your event


contests & rules
shop 30
about

contact us
jobs at lazer 99.3
advertising info


 



























                        listen to mornings with mistress carrie, weekdays 6 to 10am!                    






                        enter to win a pair of tickets to hardy at the xfinity theatre on august 30th!                    




download our app!




hear every slapshot, goal and hit all season long!




listen to boston celtics basketball all season on lazer 99.3 & 98.5!













































the mistress carrie podcast





														the mistress carrie ‘sit rep’ 02-18-2025													



														the mistress carrie ‘sit rep’ 02-17-2025													



														bonus episode - barry kerch from shinedown 2													



														the mistress carrie ‘sit rep’ 02-14-2025													



														the mistress carrie ‘sit rep’ 02-13-2025													



														the mistress carrie ‘sit rep’ 02-12-2025													



														245 - chris daughtry from daughtry													



														the mistress carrie ‘sit rep’ 02-11-2025													


 




														the mistress carrie ‘sit rep’ 02-10-2025													



														the mistress carrie ‘sit rep’ 02-07-2025													



														the mistress carrie ‘sit rep’ 02-06-2025													



														244 - marty friedman													



														the mistress carrie ‘sit rep’ 02-05-2025													



														the mistress carrie ‘sit rep’ 01-29-2025													



														243 - king kyote													



														the mistress carrie ‘sit rep’ 01-28-2025													


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


events    jack white tickets & more info
     dropkick murphys tickets & more info
     disturbed 25th anniversary the sickness tour tickets & more info
     bad animals bad animals tickets, fri, mar 28, 2025 at 8:00 pm | eventbrite
founded in 2001, bad animals, an international tribute act based in new york, recreates the incredible heart experience. this talented group having received rave reviews shared their story with the wilson sisters. ann told lead vocalist daena d, “have fun with it!” following ann’s advice, they are having a whole lotta fun playing heart’s most memorable tunes.
bad animals are the best heart tribute band in the united states and beyond that exist today! in addition to their theater shows, bad animals has created an intimate acoustic show inspired by heart’s folk influenced rock music. ann and nancy have created such memorable sounds with powerful voices that bad animals thought they should be celebrated!!!
https://badanimalstribute.com/
doors open at 7:00pm. show at 8:00pm.
cash bar available.
     poppy tickets & more info
 sports

1 day ago
                    in sports
angels star mike trout moving from center to right field in hopes of staying more healthy



los angeles angels oft-injured star mike trout is moving from center to right field in hopes of better preserving his health.


1 day ago
                    in sports
william byron avoids late wrecks to win 2nd straight daytona 500 for hendrick motorsports



william byron fortuitously missed the ferocious wrecks down the stretch at the daytona 500 that knocked out contenders racing for the checkered flag and left him with a repeat victory in sight.


1 day ago
                    in sports
stephen curry captures mvp honors in all-star game at home, leads shaq’s ogs to victory



the final pregame introduction belonged to none other than stephen curry. the big mvp trophy at the end, curry heaved that up into the air, too, in a fitting finish to his all-star game at home.


4 days ago
                    in sports
here’s a crash course — a cheat sheet, really — for the 67th running of the daytona 500



so let's wave the green flag and take a crash course on some of the basic names and terms to know for the daytona 500.


4 days ago
                    in sports, trending
philadelphia turns green on valentine’s day to celebrate super bowl champions



swooning fans screamed and cheered friday as mvp quarterback jalen hurts and eagles owner jeffrey lurie took turns hoisting the vince lombardi trophy at the start of the team's victory parade through the city of brotherly love.


4 days ago
                    in sports
rodgers’ stint with the jets is over. here are some potential landing spots if he doesn’t retire



aaron rodgers' tenure with the new york jets began with lots of fanfare and super bowl aspirations. it ended less than two years later with a disappointing thud.

national

1 day ago
                    in features, trending
how presidents day has evolved from reverence to retail



the meaning of presidents day has changed dramatically, from being mostly unremarkable and filled with work for washington in the 1700s to the bonanza of consumerism it has become today. for some historians, the holiday has lost all discernible meaning.


1 day ago
                    in features
hong kong residents compete to name twin panda cubs who just turned 6 months old



panda craze has once again gripped hong kong as residents compete to name the territory's first locally-born giant panda cubs who just turned six months old.


1 day ago
                    in national
‘life-threatening cold’ expected as polar vortex stretches across u.s. after deadly weekend flooding



harsh weather moved west on monday as a polar vortex was expected to grip the rockies and the northern plains after winter storms pummeled the eastern u.s. over the weekend, killing at least 10 people, including nine victims in kentucky who died during flooding from heavy rains.


4 days ago
                    in features
goodyear blimp at 100: from ronald reagan to ice cube, ‘floating piece of americana’ still thriving



at 100 years old, the goodyear blimp is an ageless star in the sky. and the 246-foot-long airship will be in the background of the daytona 500 on sunday — roughly 1,500 feet above daytona international speedway, actually — to celebrate its latest and greatest anniversary tour.


5 days ago
                    in national
vaccine skeptic robert f. kennedy jr. is sworn in as trump’s health chief after a close senate vote



robert f. kennedy jr. was sworn in thursday as president donald trump's health secretary after a close senate vote, putting the prominent vaccine skeptic in control of $1.7 trillion in federal spending, vaccine recommendations and food safety as well as health insurance programs for roughly half the country.


6 days ago
                    in national
us eggs prices hit a record high of $4.95 and are likely to keep climbing



egg prices hit a record high as the u.s. contends with an ongoing bird flu outbreak, but consumers didn't need government figures released wednesday to tell them eggs are terribly expensive and hard to find at times because of an ongoing.

 



afternoon rantz


locals only live: new fallen day
locals only live with alex rohan & pridefalls
the long island medium interview
it’s the end of the world as we know it
locals only live: pridefalls

 
 
trending

8 hours ago
                    in trending, world
delta jet flips upside down on a snowy toronto runway and all 80 aboard survive



a delta air lines jet flipped on its roof while landing monday at toronto's pearson airport, but all 80 people on board survived and those hurt had relatively minor injuries, the airport's chief executive said.


1 day ago
                    in features, trending
how presidents day has evolved from reverence to retail



the meaning of presidents day has changed dramatically, from being mostly unremarkable and filled with work for washington in the 1700s to the bonanza of consumerism it has become today. for some historians, the holiday has lost all discernible meaning.


1 day ago
                    in entertainment
nascar hall of famer jeff gordon ready to partner with tom cruise on ‘days of thunder’ sequel



help him, tom cruise! nascar hall of famer jeff gordon wants a "days of thunder" sequel and said at daytona international speedway that he's been in touch with the hollywood actor about making the project come to life.


1 day ago
                    in entertainment, music
shakira resumes world tour with concert in lima after canceling show due to illness



colombian superstar shakira said monday that she will resume her world tour and perform in lima, peru, on monday evening, following the cancellation of a concert over the weekend due to a stomach illness.

 

now playing
 


what's happening

lazer mobile apps!



take lazer with you wherever you go, access station podcasts, contests, events & more!


listen to lazer 99.3 on your smart speaker!



you can now listen to lazer 99.3 on your smart speaker! find out how here…


locals only



if you’re in a local band and want your music highlighted on lazer 99.3, here’s how!


get on the list!



subscribe today! get exclusive content and promotions delivered to your inbox.

like us on facebook!






 









lazer 99.3 & 98.5copyright 2025 saga communications, inc. all rights reserved.
                    wlzx-fm: eeo report | fcc public file  | fcc applications
					wlzx-am: eeo report | fcc public file
					for assistance accessing public files, contact pfhelp@springfieldrocks.com 
privacy policy | terms of use | contests & rules | some images copyright ap, clipart.com
non-discriminatory advertising letter | advisory public notice - non-discriminatory ad contracts




































