








extension marathon county – university of wisconsin-madison



























































skip to content


  map
directory
 events











extension marathon county
university of wisconsin-madison



menu


extension marathon county

staff directory
annual report
extension, education, and economic development committee updates


4-h & youth

4-h enrollment
youth summer theater program
2025 summer camp staff recruitment
4-h clubs in marathon county
newsletters
4-h programs
americorps / 4-h program assistant
junior fair
4-h trips & recognition awards
projects

agriculture
dairy project
dog project
horse project
market animal show & sale (mass)
poultry


leaders federation
club & leader resources
forms & applications


agriculture

ag related forms and documents
artificial insemination course
upcoming programs-calendar
educational resources


natural resources
foodwise program
horticulture

horticulture programs
can you dig it? newsletter
marathon county master gardener program

sowing success! evidence-based gardening essentials
growing and caring for plants in wisconsin: foundations in gardening


recorded horticulture programs

horticulture podcasts


resources for the home lawn and garden


 
 


search





search for:











search for:



 












extension marathon county 

we provide outreach education to the residents of marathon county.  
as a statewide engagement arm of uw-madison, the division of extension embodies the wisconsin idea to extend university knowledge to every corner of the state. our statewide network of educators and specialists with uw-madison and on uw campuses across wisconsin is responding every day to emerging and longstanding hurdles residents are overcoming to compete and prosper.


we are moving! we will be closed the week of march 17-21, 2025. we ask for your patience over the next several weeks as we finish packing and unpacking. our new address will be 1100 lakeview dr, suite 500, wausau, wi 54403.





agriculture 
if it happens on a farm or in a field, the extension institute of agriculture works with you to achieve better results.

learn more







foodwise
providing nutrition education to advance health eating habits and active lifestyles for families with limited incomes.


learn more







4-h
4-h is a community of young people across america who are learning leadership, citizenship, and life skills!

learn more







horticulture
providing the latest in research-based gardening information to marathon county residents.

learn more







latest updates
cultivating calm: managing stress in cattle and farm lifeoffice closedjuly 4-5 holidaygardening for pollinatorstheater camp

view all updates







connect with us
extension marathon county212 river drive, suite 3wausau, wi 54403-5476 (map)
phone: 715-261-1230tty: 800-947-3529
hours: monday – friday8am – 4:30pm
view staff directory
the office is closed all major holidays and the day after thanksgiving.


monthly recap
educators from the marathon county extension office share about their local and statewide programs, improving the lives of marathon county residents.


view updates



marathon county office
agriculture
4-h
horticulture
foodwise



 















 

division of extension
 connecting people with the university of wisconsin











 

agriculture
community development
health & well-being
families & finances
natural resources
positive youth development




university of wisconsin

division of extension
extension foundation
uw-extension publications
uw-stevens point wausau campus
wisconsin institute for public policy and service
wisconsin public radio
wisconsin public television






local government

city of mosinee
city of wausau
marathon county government
northcentral technical college
state of wisconsin
village of weston











university of wisconsin-madison
      |              explore extension: 
agriculture    
community development     
families & finances     
health     
natural resources     
youth     
 

connect with us
support extension

 
 





extension home




we teach, learn, lead and serve, connecting people with the university of wisconsin, and engaging with them in transforming lives and communities.
explore extension »





county offices



connect with your county extension office »








staff directory



find an extension employee in our staff directory »







social media




get the latest news and updates on extension's work around the state
 facebook
 twitter






facebook






twitter





search all sites










feedback, questions or accessibility issues: info@extension.wisc.edu | © 2025 the board of regents of the university of wisconsin system  privacy policy | non-discrimination policy & how to file a complaint | disability accommodation requests


		an eeo/aa employer, university of wisconsin-madison division of extension provides equal opportunities in employment and programming, including title vi, title ix, the americans with disabilities act (ada) and section 504 of the rehabilitation act requirements.
    












