







best rv accessories – 41 must-have list for camper



























rv accessories 

rv recliners
tv mount for rv
rv tv antenna
portable waste tank
rv kitchen sink
rv microwave
coffee maker for rv
rv door lock
rv tire cover
rv vent fan
rv inverter
rv ac
rv propane regulators
rv sewer hose
rv shower heads
generator for rv
rv cell phone booster
rv water pressure regulator
rv ladder
rv composting toilet
rv thermostats
rv backup camera
rv dishes
rv surge protectors
rv wifi booster
rv skylights
rv blinds
rv washer dryer combo
rv bike rack
rv tankless water heater
rv refrigerator


cb radio 

cb coax cable
cb radio for off roading
magnetic cb antenna
cb antenna
cb base station antenna
handheld cb radio
cb mic
ssb cb radio












palmgear
follow us: 




best rv accessories – 41 must-have list for camper
by william sanders
you have already heard it a million times that your rv serves as your second home. and just like the tools and devices you can't live without in your home, there are a bunch of accessories that are an absolute necessity if you want to have a smooth stay in your rv.we had the opportunity to interview numerous seasoned rvers as well as scout various rv forums and communities. and they all seem to agree that the following list of the best rv accessories is a must-have for a safe, comfortable, and pleasant rving life. ps:  to make things for you to comprehend, we have organized this list into various categories as shown below…contentsmust-have list for campersafety and hygienerv furniture and comfortsfire and lightingbasic repair and maintenancesupportive technologyrv kitchen accessoriesalternative transportfinal verdictrelated posts  41 must-have list for campersafety and hygiene: 1. safety kit and assorted safety stuffsafety kit and assorted safety stuff anything can happen when you are out on the road, so be prepared. for instance, you could scald yourself while cooking or get a bleeding nose when you step too hard on the brakes unexpectedly and bang your nose on the steering wheel.that's why you must carry a first aid kit, a reflective vest (in case of road emergency), and life vests (mainly for your kids). i suggest your to use the best rv door locks for better security. 2. auto sewer flush valve this is one of the must-have essentials you need on your rv. it is for flushing out the black tank, preventing clog up. keeping both the black and grey tanks clean is essential. the flush valve makes the whole process easier. we won't go into the details, but you get the picture. you should also have a good quality composting toilet in your rv.also read: how to hook up tv to rv antenna? | palmgear auto-sewer-flush-valve 3. insect/mosquito repellent the great outdoors is lovely, but the experience can be ruined by the mosquitoes and other critters that assail you, buzzing around, biting. in an rv, this may be even more intensified because there are likely to be cockroaches and other vermin living in the vehicle.having an insect repellent with you is absolutely necessary. otherwise, your entire trip is going to be ruined by the critters. mosquito-repellent 4. cleaning wipes when out on the road, you don't always have the luxury of time. if there is something you want to clean up, you may not have the time to get some soap and water to do the job. that's where cleaning wipes come in. they make work much easier and faster.the beautiful thing about cleaning wipes is that they are versatile. cleaning-wipes 5. water pressure regulator a water pressure regulator will ensure your trailer's water system doesn't blow out because of excess water pressure.you see, some rv campgrounds may have a water pressure that is too high. that can lead to undue stress and leaks. getting a good quality rv shower head is also necessary. water-pressure-regulator rv furniture and comforts: 6. folding step stool every house needs a stepping stool, even a house on four wheels. it's just one of those practical things to have around because sooner or later you will surely need it. for instance, when you are looking for something stored in one of the high cabinets.a stepping stool is also great for when you are cleaning the rv, and you want to reach the really high spots. folding-step-stool 7. rv patio mat living in an rv is like living in the outdoors, but taking your house around with you. you don't want to bring dirt into your home, do you? even if you are okay with coming into the rv with dirt, you would probably want to show your guests that your house is a clean one.the patio mat serves that purpose. guests won't track dirt into your motor home when they come in.furthermore, if you park on a paved spot, you can lay out the patio mat and walk barefoot upon it. 8. chairs and hammocks bring along some camping chairs and hammocks, because you will definitely need them. these are great for when you are sitting together as a group over a meal and sharing stories. they are part of what makes the trip memorable. if you have good budget, you can also get an rv recliner. chairs-and-hammocks 9. oscillating fan hot, stuffy, sweaty summer afternoons can ruin an entire trip. having a oscillating and a vent fan around is a great way to clean up the air and bring in some breeze and freshness to make you feel comfortable. you can also get the best rv air conditioner, if needed. oscillating-fan 10. rv awning one of the main pleasures of going camping is relaxing outside in the breeze and sun. an awning is perfect for the purpose because it gives you shade, blocking intense sunlight and rain. you can sit under the awning and simply enjoy the day.also read: how much propane does an rv refrigerator use? rv-awning 11. adjustable folding utility table eating at a table has a way of bringing people together, especially a family. eating together at a table outdoors is even more special. a proper camping table is, therefore, a must-have. being foldable makes the table easy to store in your trailer. folding-utility-table fire and lighting: 12. headlamps/flashlight though you have candles or some other source of light for the rv, flashlights are absolutely essential. if you have to step away from your rv in the middle of the night, a flashlight is the best for helping you see where you are going.if you are very active in the outdoors at night, for instance, if you brought a dog and it keeps wandering off at night, a headlamp is the best option. they are also great for when you have to do some nighttime repairs. flashlight 13. waterproof lighter or matches having a means of starting a fire has been important since antiquity. on the rv, you will need to start the grill. you may also need to start a campfire outside. bring a waterproof lighter with you, like a good scout. the advantage of a lighter is it can still produce a flame even as the wind blows.the bottom line is that you should have some means of starting a fire - even if it's just a matchbox. waterproof-lighter 14. flameless battery-operated candles at night, sitting in the rv, having supper, you will need light to see by. flameless battery-operated candles are a great choice because they are absolutely safe. unlike real candles, there is no risk of a fire starting in the rv, since these candles are flameless.they also provide aesthetic value - as decoration. flameless-battery-operated-candles basic repair and maintenance: 15. minor repair gear as with any vehicle, the rv will sooner or later have some complications in the course of your camping trip. it is, therefore, imperative that you have some tools around to ensure you can fix some of the problems that crop up. being stranded in the middle of nowhere is not fun at all.don't leave your tool kit at home. remember to also bring work gloves, duct tape, a shovel, a small ax, cordless drill, and silicone rescue tape.you will also need electrical tape, wire connectors, and fuses for electrical repairs. 16. extra cords and hoses it's always good to stay on the safe side. the advantage a trailer has over regular camping is you have enough storage space. that means you can take every extra precaution. carry an extra extension code, an additional water hose, an extra sewer hose, and so forth. in case an incident happens, and you need a new one fast, you will be able to save yourself time and money. extra-cords-and-hoses 17. wheel chock you have parked somewhere, and for a moment, you think everything is alright. unfortunately, the place is slightly slanted. if some pressure is applied on the rv, the tires start rolling, causing the rv to move from the parking spot.also read: 10 best rv portable waste tank reviews 2023 — buying guidewheel chocks are great accessories for preventing that. they act as wedges that ensure the tires don't roll out of place.they are pretty easy to set up - just wedge a wheel chock or two under each tire. i suggest you to also get rv tire covers. wheel-chock 18. real-time tire pressure monitoring system tire health is crucial to the rv owner. tires have a bad habit of blowing at the worst possible time. a tire blowing when you are driving can be dangerous.with a tire pressure monitoring system, you can always be aware of when the tire is about to explode. the monitoring system has sensors that transmit a signal to your dashboard and let you know the tire is heating up and is about to blow. this accessory ensures your safety and is definitely a must-have for long-distance driving. tire-pressure-monitoring-system 19. portable air compressor flat tires are to be expected on the road. an air compressor is, therefore, a must-have tool for topping off a spare tire when a roadside emergency happens.if you have a bicycle with you, the air compressor will also be useful for filling the bicycle's tires.go for a compressor that can administer up to 150 psi of pressure.see also: ​ best rv ladder reviews​​​ supportive technology: 20. dashboard camera you never know when you might get involved in a crash, so it's always a good idea to have a dash cam installed in your rv. if this happens, your dashboard camera will record everything which givesbesides, having a camera is fun as you can take cool videos of your road trip or road life. dashboard cameras are a fun must-have for not just your rv, but your regular car as well. dashboard-camera 21. tablet nowadays, rv owners and campers prefer tablets to laptops and pcs. a tablet is lightweight and compact. it does not consume too much space. a lot of the things you can do on a laptop are doable on a tablet too.you can use it as a library where you store thousands of books. use it to search for great recipes to try out during the camping trip. use it as a mapping system, photo album, internet browser, music player, or simply to watch movies. 22. gps system gone are the days when travelers used to navigate using the stars. now, everything is simpler and you don't need to rely so much on your memory. technology makes everything much easier. a gps system will help you navigate and ensure you don't get lost.a good gps system will give you access to maps when you are online as well as when you are offline. you want a gps that is able to customize routes using your rv's size and weight. gps-system 23. mini solar device charger just because you are camping doesn't mean you are doing away with modern conveniences. you still need your phone, laptop, and other devices.to keep these devices running, you have to keep charging them. a solar device charger is an inexpensive way to do that.also read: how to secure your rv surge protector from thieves?so long as the sun is out, you are going to have power, and at zero cost. this beats having to stop at coffee shops or diners to charge your phone. mini-solar-device-charger 24. rv satellite dish camping and roughing it in the outdoors is fun, but it's also nice to enjoy some creature comforts. with an rv satellite dish antenna, you can watch tv while you are camping. just make sure you don't spend all your time watching tv when you could be out enjoying nature. also, having a surge protector is necessary. rv-satellite-dish 25. rv solar charging system camping is all about minimalism and self-reliance. however, you still need power for things like charging your phone, laptop, and any other devices.if you are camping in the summer, you have access to the energy of the sun, which you can harness as solar power. this will enable you to pick your own parking spot because you don't have to rely on rv park or campground power.you could, of course, use a generator, but solar power is a) cheaper, and b) better for the environment.see also: best rv inverter reviews, ​ best rv skylights​​​ rv-solar-charging-system 26. walkie talkies your kids will love having walkie talkies on the rv. however, we are not recommending them just because they are fun. they are actually essential and useful for situations such as parking or as a means of maintaining communication at large venues.if you find yourselves in an area without mobile service, you will be able to communicate with each other even when you are no longer in shouting distance of each other. walkie-talkies 27. weather radio being on the road is an unpredictable experience. it's always good when you can predict some things, like the weather, because that helps you plan accordingly. that's why a weather radio is so useful. without one, you might easily find yourself caught out in a storm.you should also have an rv thermostate. be it a digital or an analog one. it will just do the job. weather-radio 28. data storage device even if you are going off-grid, you will still need to carry your sensitive information with you. an emergency could come up out of the blue, and you don't have the time to go back home. that's why you need a storage device with you, like an encrypted usb thumb drive. data-storage-device 29. mobile wi-fi hotspot (rv internet) unless you are going off-grid, it's crucial that you stay connected with the rest of the world. besides, it gets boring traveling in an rv upon long stretches of road. having the internet with you helps break through the monotony of road life.if camping with wi-fi sounds like your idea of a great trip, you definitely must have mobile wi-fi hotspot with you on the rv. if you want to improve your wifi signal, you should get the best wifi boosters and extenders for rv. mobile-wi-fi-hotspot-(rv-internet) 30. cell phone signal booster it goes without saying that being out of touch with the rest of the world isn't something many of us enjoy. unless you are keen on going off-grid or doing a digital detox, you will want to bring along a cell phone signal booster. it comes in handy when you find yourself in areas that have a weak cell phone signal. cell-phone-signal-booster rv kitchen accessories: 31. indoor cooking tools cooking for yourself is much better than relying on takeout or eating canned food. carry the necessary cooking tools. for instance, you can purchase an oven, rv stove, skillet, refrigerator, microwave among other essential cooking tools. you should also not forget utensils like spoons, cups, plates, a good quality rv kitchen sink and so forth. we've an article on rv dishes. read it before buying.see also: 5 best rv blinds review 32. outdoor stove and ovens there is just something about food cooked in the open air on a campfire. it's one of the things that makes camping memorable, so you should definitely not leave behind your outdoor stove and ovens. outdoor-stove-and-ovens 33. serving tray for dining outdoors if you cook lunch in the rv kitchen, but you prefer to enjoy it outside under the shade of a tree, how do you carry the food? a serving tray is great for that purpose. load it up with the plates of food and take it outside. 34. portable meat smoker there is something about the outdoors - you get a craving for barbecue. with a portable meat smoker, you can smoke, grill, roast, bake, fry, or boil all sorts of tasty meat.a mobile meat smoker comes in handy if your rv doesn't have enough storage space for a grilling unit. portable-meat-smoker 35. frozen drink maker summer is the best time for camping trips. the sunlight makes you feel alive, but as the day progresses, the sun becomes hotter and hotter. the air in the rv becomes hot and stuffy. your clothes stick to your body on account of sweat.the only way to keep cool is with a frozen beverage. get a frozen drink maker for your rv. if you have electrical power in the rv, buy a corded drink maker. if you are off-grid, consider a cordless machine. frozen-drink-maker 36. portable coffee maker coffee is the beverage of choice for the road. it gives you energy and keeps you awake, thanks to its high caffeine content. having a coffee maker onboard your rv is, therefore, non-negotiable.choose your coffee maker according to the number of people you are traveling with. for a larger number of people, pick a coffee maker that brews a higher amount of coffee. portable-coffee-maker 37. micro blender smoothies are a great way to keep yourself healthy while on the road. smoothies are rich in nutrients and fiber. with a blender on board, you can make smoothies and sources from fruits and veggies.this comes in handy when you are driving and don't have the time to stop to eat something. just drink up a rich, thick smoothie. it will make you feel full.in case you lack storage space, a micro blender is the best option. otherwise, you can get a regular size blender. micro-blender 38. portable ice cube maker on those hot, summer afternoons, when your shirt or top is clinging to your chest and back, an ice-cold drink feels like christmas. instead of going to the general store for ice, why not purchase a portable ice cube maker and make your own ice. a good one will pump as many as 50 lbs. of ice daily. portable-ice-cube-maker 39. cast iron cookware for campers, cast iron cooking pots are the most versatile of kitchen cookware. you can use them on a stove, in an oven, or out on a campfire with no risk of damage to the cookware. that last one (campfire) is especially thrilling to campers.just make sure you season the skillets often to maintain the non-stick surface in good condition. cast-iron-cookware you can also get a small tv for your kitchen. alternative transport: 40. bicycles sitting in the rv all the time can get monotonous. having a bike or two on board is a great way to break the monotony, to cycle and get some good exercise and fresh air.a bicycle also has a practical use. for instance, if your rv gets stranded somewhere because of mechanical problems, you can get on your bike and ride to the nearest town to get help.a bicycle is also great for doing errands.if you are worried that you don't have storage space on your rv, foldable bicycles are an option. rv-bicycles 41. biking hitch rack biking is a fun thing to do on a camping trip. instead of bringing just one bike, you can bring bikes for everyone, so you can all go cycling together and have a blast. a hitch rack is a great storage device for bikes. a hitch rack will typically have the capacity to carry up to about 4 or 5 bikes. biking-hitch-rack final verdictjust like your home, staying in your rv gets better when you have the right tools and accessories at hand. you get to enjoy the freedom and wildness of the outdoors while at the same time maintaining the modern comforts. with these 41 accessories, you can rest assured that you'll have a comfortable and safe stay in your rv. related posts:   best rv recliners top tv mounts for rv best rv tv antennas best portable waste tanks best rv kitchen sinks best rv microwaves best coffee makers for rv best rv door locks best rv tire covers best rv vent fans best rv inverters best rv ac best rv propane regulators best rv sewer hose best rv shower heads best generator for rv best rv cell phone booster best rv water pressure regulator best rv ladders best rv composting toilets best rv thermostats best rv backup camera best rv dishes best rv surge protectors best rv wifi booster best rv skylights best rv blinds best rv washer dryer combo best rv bike racks best rv tankless water heaters best rv refrigerators  
















about william sanders
william sanders was born and raised in california. after receiving his master’s degree in information science from san diego state university, he started working as a city councilor. in his spare time, william enjoys playing best-selling mmorpg games such as world of warcraft and fnal fantasy, where he often takes on the role of guild leader with hundreds of players collaborating for success under his leadership. william is also a regular contributor to some popular magazines such as san jose mercury news, gleanster research, and palmgear.

leave a reply



















null

you can get free gifts. or latest free phones here.disable ad block to reveal all the info. once done, hit a button below




refresh




palmgear's affiliate disclaimer here, privacy policy, contact us.
    check out palmgear's best cateogories: rv gear here, printers, cb radio, knitting gear, product review, blog





