















school of meteorology






















ou homepage
search ou
the university of oklahoma





skip navigation
school of meteorology


































 





   
 





meteorology
at the national weather center in norman, oklahoma





   
 











where students come to understand the atmosphere





being a student in the school of meteorology is more than learning in a building shared with field-leading state and federal agencies; it is more than learning from some of the most respected professors in the discipline; it's the beginning of a journey to a degree that is highly valued from the academic world to the private sector.











1
ou ranks #1 nationally in meteorology/atmospheric science research expenditures (out of more than 400 institutions)





1
the only meteorology/atmospheric science program within a national weather center that also houses state and federal partners





2
second in number of meteorology/atmospheric science bachelor degrees awarded nationwide





2
second in number of meteorology/atmospheric science graduate (master+phd) degrees awarded nationwide



 














school of meteorology news










cadre: the next generation of data assimilation





the consortium for advanced data assimilation research and education (cadre), funded by noaa, is revolutionizing weather forecasting through cutting-edge data assimilation research and workforce development. by integrating observations with numerical models, cadre provides an evolving picture of the earth system, crucial for accurate weather and climate predictions. this $6.6 million initiative, led by the university of oklahoma and involving six universities, aims to enhance noaa's numerical weather prediction systems, improving the accuracy of extreme weather forecasts and climate response strategies. cadre's innovative approach leverages artificial intelligence, new observation platforms, and advanced mathematics to push the boundaries of data assimilation science.













 








featured














three meteorology seniors receive 2024 ams scholarships



november 27, 2024


gabriel cenker, roy patrick galang, and maximus sasser, three senior meteorology students at the university of oklahoma, were recently recognized by the american meteorological society with each receiving a scholarship.




 read more
three meteorology seniors receive 2024 ams scholarships








the latest






arctic cyclones could be missing link in sea ice depletion models


students explore ai and tornadoes in senior capstone course


advancing atmospheric and geographic sciences: ou showcases research at agu and ams conferences


three meteorology seniors receive 2024 ams scholarships


two university of oklahoma students named nasa future investigators









national weather center webcam






 








want to learn more?








 




about

 learn more about the school of meteorology's mission, location, and history.
about meteorology









 




academics

 learn more about our undergraduate and graduate programs.
academics









 




research

 learn more about our researchers and research groups.
meteorology research




 













 school of meteorology 

          national weather center
120 david l boren blvd., suite 5900
norman, ok  73072 
        


         





accessibility
sustainability
hipaa
ou job search
policies
legal notices
copyright
resources and offices
ou report it!

        updated 12/6/2024 by school of meteorology: weather@ou.edu


























