


firstday cottage house kits for owner builders












designs
photos

more info
contact



































welcome to firstday cottage
high quality, all wood house kits
build yourself a solid future!
a firstday cottage is a house kit with a unique building system designed specifically for people who want to build themselves a home. firstday cottages require few tools, are tolerant to error and are strong and elegant. building a firstday cottage is a lot of work and takes a significant commitment, but once complete can earn you valuable sweat equity and a new home. firstday cottage has been helping people build themselves a home for over 20 years and now has over 250 houses in more than 30 states and two foreign countries. we are now featuring our new designs for the single-story t house, which builds off all that we have learned about owner-built housing in the last 20 years of firstday cottage.

browse through our website to see our different designs, pictures, and to learn more about our house kits, our company and our customers.




what's new: 
hear the interview with david howard on the housing hour
read our updated single-story t brochure for info on our new favorite single-story t designs! if you only read one thing on this website, this should be it!
for more pictures and news, follow us on facebook,  twitter, and instagram.
added a new blog to the more info page.


what is a firstday cottage?

an elegant, durable and energy-efficient all-wood house.
a house kit specifically designed for owner-builders that a pair can build with few tools.
a customized house design to fit the specific needs of each customer.


why should i build a firstday cottage?

finally live in a house that you own with a design and materials you can believe in.
increase your personal equity. your hard work can add significant sweat equity to your personal wealth.
feel a sense of accomplishment. be satisfied by the successful completion of a difficult, highly rewarding project.
impress your friends (and in-laws).  build yourself a home!

can i build a firstday cottage?

a wide variety of people have successfully built firstdays. firstday cottages have been built by everyone from twenty something school teachers with children to seventy year old retirees. if you have the determination and a solid plan, you can build one.
 firstday is serious about supporting you to make the project a success. we encourage all our customers to contact us frequently to get advice and support throughout the project so that we can help you get the project done and done right.
firstdays can be adapted to meet local codes. firstday cottage’s have been built all over the country. firstday will work with you to make sure your house will meet local codes.
we can help give advice on financing. firstday cottages have been financed in many different ways, including through conventional construction loans. give us a call and we can advise you on how to get your project financed.

watch the firstday cottage video
interested in building a firstday? watch the following video to learn about the company, the houses, the building process and meet some firstday builders.








map of firstday cottages around the world:

view map in google maps
***note: map locations indicate towns and cities with firstday cottages, but do not indicate actual physical locations of houses.
if you would like to visit a firstday please contact us.
frequently asked questions:
learn more about firstday by perusing our frequently asked questions.
firstday cottage 
p.o. box 711, 
walpole, nh 03608 
(603) 756-3435 



