










vicki norris' restoring order | a professional organizing company























































 

















(503) 625-5774


meet vicki
media
speaking
subscribe to our blog
shop
contact

0 items
 












about
organize

household
work


testimonials
blog
courses
 





select page


  
 



 



 










i'm vicki norris,an organizing expert leading a team of professional organizers helping you make room for what matters most!
hire an organizer










i'm vicki norris,an organizing expert leading a team of professional organizers helping you make room for what matters most!
hire an organizer








we’re a life reclamation company!

our passion is to help the overwhelmed restore order and experience an abundant life. established in 1999, restoring order is a team of order restorers rebuilding families and communities.









restoring order is a family-owned business.we’re living an integrated life of family, business, homeschool and s’mores on our oregon farmstead (and company headquarters) dream acres.
meet us













latest tv segmentsince 1999, i’ve been sharing organizing inspiration and space-and-life makeover stories. from my years on hgtv’s mission: organization and over two decades on regional lifestyle television, media is my thing. here’s an inspiring segment to help you reclaim your life®!















 as seen on










inspiring books & trainingsget vicki’s inspiring organizing books, or download our training courses to start reclaiming your whole life: household, work, health & spirit!
learn more









 the restoring order blog
inspiration to your inbox to restore order to every area of your life!

subscribe







life







add to subtract: an organizing trick to simplify your life

apr 21, 2021in this blog, i’m going to teach you a nifty but counter-intuitive organizing trick: adding. people are often disorganized precisely because they love increase; they love adding – from stuff to commitments. so, i’ll teach you how to work with this natural proclivity...
read more







household







get organized to reclaim your family

feb 17, 2020simple space and time family organization projects   family relationships often suffer when the household is disorganized, robbing families of enjoyment and functionality. in this blog i’m sharing some simple family organization projects you can do to begin...
read more







work







turning piles into files

nov 4, 2020do you have a backlog of paper? if you can relate to piles on every surface, or  overstuffed filing cabinets, you’ll get practical help from this tutorial!
read more







health







workspace wellness: relieve stress and boost health while working from home

jul 29, 2020in 21 years as a consultant, i’ve had a close-up view into people’s personal and professional lives. i’ve learned that nearly everyone needs help reclaiming not only their space, but their health as well. i’m going to show you how to create new habits and improve your...
read more







spirit







organize celebrations to combat stress and depression

apr 29, 2020whenever you feel out-of-order, disappointed, or depressed you can counteract that state-of-being by doing something in the opposite spirit. and what’s more opposite of stuckness and depression than celebration!? in this blog, i am sharing easy-to-plan and execute...
read more







[re]store







remix: a fresh strategy to embrace change

may 15, 2018i can feel it in the air. i can feel it in the land. change has arrived and change is the new normal. how do i know? because for the last season i’ve been itchy. restless. ready. like overdue ready. tired of sameness. here are my thoughts on embracing the change in life’s seasons.
read more













add to subtract: an organizing trick to simplify your life

apr 21, 2021in this blog, i’m going to teach you a nifty but counter-intuitive organizing trick: adding. people are often disorganized precisely because they love increase; they love adding – from stuff to commitments. so, i’ll teach you how to work with this natural proclivity...
read more





 







 


 


stay connected! subscribe to our
e-communications!
– – – – – – – – – – – – –
privacy policy
terms & conditions
– – – – – – – – – – – – –
preferred service providers
careers

contact us:(503) 625-5774
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
 message us 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
p.o box 1204sherwood, or 97140 






facebook




x


© 2019 restoring order |   privacy policy  | 
terms & conditions 








pin it on pinterest


 
 





















































