











home - select data























































































home
solutions

smartcare™ portal
smartcare api
strategic partner


news
resources
about
contact
 


select page


  
 
 










introducing active




a solution by coders, for coders||automate with confidence, code with precision||build your team's trust in ai with active||transform your healthcare information management








learn how











 
introducing active
automated coding tool: insightful, versatile & efficient.

experience enhanced precision in home health coding with ai tailored by clinical coders and data scientists.









 

a solution by coders, for coders
at selectdata, we’ve created a next-generation home health coding solution that combines the expertise of clinical coders and data scientists.






smart care
our experienced clinical coders ensure the recommendations you receive uphold the integrity of the profession.







better outcomes
our data scientists optimize the ai to handle complex clinical documentation focusing on precision and speed which reduces the need for tedious manual corrections.





automation on your terms
offering better ownership, faster access, and smarter control in adopting ai solutions.
 






be a pilot for our automated icd coding!



or



join the mvp oasis recommendations / future releases!







you take pride in your work, and we get it—sometimes finding the right documentation can feel like a never-ending scavenger hunt. with our automation, you’ll have the tools to quickly locate what you need, all while keeping full control over your process.

 

learn more about active!

 









see how home health agencies are doingmore with less.



see how home health agencies are doing more with less.
fill out the form or call us directly at (800) 332-0555




"*" indicates required fields

name*


first



last

companytitleemail*

messagecaptcha
 

















 









contact us

4175 east la palma, suite 205anaheim, ca 92807
(800) 332-0555
info@selectdata.com

followfollow



disclaimer

information made available on this website should not be considered legal advice. it is for educational purposes only and does not provide all available information on the subject. information shared is not a promise or warranty/guaranty (expressed or implied). the opinions expressed, discussions undertaken, and materials provided do not represent any official position of select data.



 




 








































