







hunters creek club










































































































        members only
      

              home
            

            in the field
          

            clubhouse & dining
          

            photo gallery
          

            our history
          

            contact & membership
          



































































members onlyhomein the fieldclubhouse & diningphoto galleryour historycontact & membership







michigan's premier sporting club 











scroll








established 1958 hunters creek club675 e. sutton road     metamora, mi 48455     810-664-4307

 









about us michigan's premier sporting clubhunters creek club is a members only club, encompassing over 1,400 acres that have been managed exclusively for bird hunting and hunting dog training since 1958.these magnificent grounds provide unmatched game bird coverts for daily field hunts from august 15 through april 30 each year. our clubhouse is the center of (indoor) activity at the club. built of wood and stone, the exposed beam construction, centrally located fireplace, skylights, and 360° windows make it a wonderful place to relax after, or before, your hunt.   we offer dining services year around.our 60 acre lake and network of ponds provides members and their accompanied guests some of the best fishing in michigan.  upcoming fundraiser events these events are a great opportunity to support  local charities and get an opportunity to experience what hunters creek club, inc. is all about!check back spring of 2025 for a list of charity sporting clays events

 

becoming a member hunters creek club offers year-round activities for members and their guests. there are no monthly minimums, and our staff is always prepared to make your visit memorable. please take the time today to explore our website to learn more about our facility and services.give us a call, or click below to schedule a personal tour and to reserve your spot on our membership waiting list.




    more information
  








over 1,400 acres, managed exclusively for game-bird hunting and dog training.











our location675 east sutton rd.metamora, mi 48455810-664-4307hunters creek is ideally located in the east central half of michigan's lower peninsula. we are 50 miles north of detroit, 30 minutes from bloomfield hills or grand blanc. area hotels offer excellent accommodations to those wishing to extend their stay.  


   








60 acre private lake   

 









introduction



summary



aerial view



location&contact



large image














instagramfacebook


 







