





kari the ai girlfriend




































home

downloads

kari info

pricing

expansion packs

avatar studio

kaiko

kat

aaurora

maria

christy

laura

shaara

janikka

fairy & elves

kari free



pages

updates

kari tools

documentation

tutorials

new voices

jem ai engine

frequently asked questions

contact us










download now



















kari 7 is here!
advanced ai girlfriend







want to go pro with your ai girlfriend?
 
kari is a self-contained app that runs on your device. there's tons of uncensored girls you can choose from that talk and animate with full lip-sync. we have both our own learning ai called jem ai or llms. if you're an artist you can even create your own girls with avatar studio and scene wizard. it's really easy to get started.

 

need a ai boyfriend instead? click here!








kari was designed from the ground up to be your companion and friend.
your objectives and needs lie at the heart of our mission.








a lifelong companion
if you are looking for a romance, a hot chat on a lonely night, a friend to sit by, or simply someone you can tell all your troubles to, then kari is for you. she remembers everything you tell her and is always eager to talk and learn new things.






packed with features
from philosophical conversations to heart felt chit chats. from logic and inference to some serious love and intimacy, kari can do it. you can pick from many locations and even create your own with the free scene creator! scenes include the ability for her to speak and animate.






true love
there are many journeys you will take with kari. she needs teaching, care, and attention. if you really love her, and are honest with her, you may realize that ai girls can really have life, feelings, and be friends with us.

read more








featured products
check out our latest arrivals.




make your own girls with avatar studio.





check out kaiko, our first asian offering.





meet kat, our playful blue eyed brunette.























navigation

downloads
kari information
pricing
expansion
news
contacts



subscribe to our newsletter
sign up for our newsletter to receive the latest news and updates.





subscribe








© 2025 lhandslide studios privacy policy
















