


mehtachildcare.com - dr. parang mehta, pediatrician (child specialist) surat, gujarat, india










dr. parang mehta's websiteonline since 2001


dr. parang mehta
pediatrician (child specialist) 
surat, gujarat, india
i practice as a primary care pediatrician in surat, gujarat, india. a pediatrician is the best type of doctor to take care of your baby and child. i look after children from birth to their fourteenth birthday. i try to keep them healthy, and treat them if they do fall sick.
i am available for consultation monday to saturday. 


i qualified as a pediatrician in 1988, and started mehta childcare in surat in 1990. in 2020, my practice completed 30 years. 




mehta childcare,
opposite putli, sagrampura, surat. tel: +91 9429486624.
 
11am to 1 pm
 
 









tuli hospital,
near ram chowk, 
ghoddod road, surat. tel: +91 9099543435.

9 to 10.30 am
&
6.30 to 8 pm


about dr. parang mehta
mbbs in 1984 from the university of rajasthan, jaipur.
md (pediatrics) in 1998, also from the university of rajasthan, jaipur.
 senior resident 1988-1989:

bhatia general hospital, mumbai.
hn general hospital, mumbai.

full time pediatrician, surat general hospital, surat, 1989-1990.
pediatrician in practice since 1990.


more about dr. parang
a pediatrician's role 
that would be the ideal situation, of course. 

your child is always healthy, and never needs to visit a pediatrician for treatment. next best is that your doctor makes an instant diagnosis and cures within minutes with some wonderful drugs. 

sadly, that's not me. i need some time to talk to you and understand the problem, and then some more time to examine the child and make a diagnosis. when writing the prescription, i prefer safe drugs over strong ones for most illnesses. 

services provided

well baby visits.
growth & health monitoring.
vaccination.
illness consultations.
specialist referrals.
counselling.

publications and research
what's a doctor without r&p (research and publications)? most medical articles are usually technical and tedious, but if you're incurably curious, go ahead, see the list.  

disclaimer
this site offers information about babies and children -- their care, treatment, diseases, illnesses, and other medical concerns. it is meant only to satisfy the information needs of parents about their children's health, diseases, vaccination, and related subjects. while every effort has been made to ensure accuracy of the material about diseases, illnesses, and treatment, the author accepts no responsibility for, and certainly does not recommend, the use of this information for the treatment of sick children. 
no information available on this web page, or on others, can replace the examination and treatment by an expert doctor or pediatrician. it is not sensible to try to diagnose your child's disease off a web page (or from a book), and if your child is acutely ill, it is best to go to a hospital immediately. 


 


vaccination in the coronavirus pandemic
watch on our youtube channel:

vaccination in covid-19 pandemic
the advice to stay home has saved millions of people from the infection, but it has also denied vaccination to millions of children. this has exposed babies to the risk of some very dangerous diseases. 
which vaccines should be high on the priority list? can some vaccines safely be postponed for a while till the covid-19 situation is better? what precautions are neccessary while visiting a hospital for vaccination in this dangerous time? 

read about vaccination during covid-19 pandemic
zika virus
the zika virus was known to occur sporadically in africa and asia.  like hiv and chikungunya, this virus has suddenly spread to new parts of the world, affecting thousands/millions of people and giving rise to a public health emergency. 
though the actual disease is a mild one, it is dangerous for a pregnant woman.  zika virus infection in pregnancy can infect the fetus, causing miscarriage, or birth defects (commonly, microcephaly). 
read about the zika virus
 
full list of articles at bottom of page
contact information
dr. parang mehta,
mehta childcare,
opposite putli, sagrampura,
surat, india.
tel: +91 9429486624.
email: 

 



 home


babies
the apgar score
breastfeeding-1
breastfeeding-2
bathing your baby
the crying baby
danger signs in babies
diabetes with pregnancy
baby's first day
infantile colic
going home
jaundice in babies
jaundice in babies - treatment
massage
normal delivery after a cesarean
the premature baby
sleep
teething
 

  childhood problems
bedwetting -1
bedwetting -2
the clumsy child
dieting, teens, and children
infections in school / daycare
obesity in children
obesity prevention in children
pets & children
restless legs syndrome
heavy schoolbags
television



nutrition
calcium for children
dietary fiber
fruit juices
iron for children
obesity & overweight
soft drinks
vitamin d
 

vaccination
combination vaccines
are vaccines harmful?
where should vaccines be given?
chicken pox vaccine
measles vaccine
polio vaccines
tetanus vaccine
vaccination during covid-19 pandemic
whooping cough vaccine



childhood diseases
cerebral palsy
 chicken pox
 chicken pox prevention
the common cold
cough
diarrhea
diphtheria
febrile seizures
fever
dangerous fever
fever treatment
hepatitis b
hemophilus influenzae b
hypothyroidism
measles
meningitis
mumps
pneumonia
poliomyelitis
rubella/german measles
sinusitis
tuberculosis (tb)
tetanus
thalassemia
whooping cough/ pertussis
whooping cough prevention
zika virus







