



dr. mark moore, md tallahassee's anesthesiologist - anesthesia tallahassee













 

home
your anesthesiologist
articles of interest
anesthesia photos 
medications
robotic surgery
contact
email dr moore


 
interview with an anesthesiologist
        for high school and college students   


dr. moore traveled to israel to meet world-renowned cannabis researcher, dr. raphael mechoulam.  
 

        kilimanjaro christian medical center
        moshi, tanzania  east africa        



		
		
	vunapope hospital 
east new britian province
papua new guinea		

 

dr moore and donald clements
	    at iwo jima memorial 
 

dr moore, donald, and
          100 year-old veteran
          mr. bernstein



 mark moore, md
tallahassee anesthesiology, pa

dr mark moore 

dr  mark moore is a family man, physician, inventor, author, hero, and humanitarian.  he  founded medcan, the first medical marijuana doctor’s office in the state of  florida.

    the  carnegie foundation awarded dr moore the highest civilian honor in the united  states—the carnegie hero medal---for saving the lives of a family who were  trapped in a burning car. he received the tallahassee police service award and  a governor’s citation for merit.

    dr  moore is an honor flight guardian for world war 2 and vietnam veterans.    
	in 2024, dr moore is the medical director for the  tallahassee marathon. he is a life-long and avid runner.

	  he is  inventor and founder of the  freedomscope project and was the first person to transmit auscultated  heart and lung sounds with a wireless stethoscope using bluetooth under a  u.s. patent.

	  dr.moore  has donated over 10,000 hours to help those in need, including three months as  a missionary in papua new guinea and two months as a medical instructor at the  kilimanjaro christian medical center in tanzania.

	  he has  been a board-certified florida physician for over 20 years. the florida board  of medicine appointed dr moore as an expert witness on their physician review  panel for anesthesiology for six consecutive terms. he was also honored with an  appointment to the board of trustees of florida tax watch, the panel for health care.

	  his  background is anesthesiology, pain management and addiction medicine. dr.moore  was the first physician in the state of florida to open a medical office  dedicated to the certification of patients for medical cannabis in july 2016, he was  one of ten actively recommending physicians in florida, and one  of the first 100 physicians to successfully pass the medical marijuana  examination to prescribe/recommend medical marijuana for patients under state  law.

	  dr.  moore is an experienced consultant to the medical marijuana industry. as  founder of medcan and cannabis expert, he was chosen by the  state of florida to sit on the panel to determine the “maximum daily dose  limit of thc” in medical marijuana for the state of florida and was the only  actively recommending physician on the panel.    
	dr moore continues to assist  the carnegie foundation and the hero fund, by presenting the carnegie hero  medal to awardees in the southeast u.s.  one florida awardee was  gainesville police officer patrick  hopkins iv, who's heroic actions saved a woman's life. 

	  dr. moore and his wife were married in davos. their family lives in tallahassee  florida.
 


tallahassee anesthesiology 
          | welcome! huan ying! bienvenue! kalos orisate! hau! welcome! barka 
          da zuwa! irashaimasu! failte! isten hozta! welcome! dobro pozhalovat! 
          karibu! ma moyolihcatzin! akuaha! bieqe biauv oe! best welcome! | tallahassee 
          anesthesiology




contact dr moore

 
 
 

		---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

      dr. moore is on the panel of the following insurance companies: capital health  plan,   blue cross/blue shield, united health care, vista, cigna, humana, aetna, and most others.

      if you are uninsured or recently lost your job or insurance,  we will  significantly reduce or write off your bill entirely.

      ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------





 copyright © 2000 - 2024 all rights reserved tallahassee 
    anesthesiology 
copyright © 2000 - 2024 all rights reserved washington 
    publishers
learn more about our current privacy 
    and information practices.
    to have objectionable or potentially copyrighted material evaluated for removal, click here. 
this web page is best viewed in 1024 x 768 resolution. 
    last updated july 2024.
this web site is maintained by washington publishers, tallahassee florida, usa, and uses sun domains and software. over 5,120,000 page views combined across our wp sites.






 






