








turtle rocks oceanfront inn | northern california coast bed & breakfast hotel | trinidad, ca








































 





skip to content








707-677-3707 

book nowcontact 














 rooms & suitesratespoliciesabout us inn & innkeepersbreakfast & dessertsphoto galleryvideo librarydirectionsguest reviewscontactarea guide restaurantsnearby beachesitinerariesbook nowrooms & suitesratespoliciesabout us inn & innkeepersbreakfast & dessertsphoto galleryvideo librarydirectionsguest reviewscontactarea guide restaurantsnearby beachesitinerariesbook nowrooms & suitesratespoliciesabout us inn & innkeepersbreakfast & dessertsphoto galleryvideo librarydirectionsguest reviewscontactarea guide restaurantsnearby beachesitinerariesbook now 










 





located in a wind-protected cove on the northern california coast... 
							turtle rocks oceanfront inn 
							 


stunning views from common areas and guest rooms... 
							 


large and airy rooms with amazing views... 
							 


enjoy an amazing sunset at the turtle rocks oceanfront inn! 
							 





 




welcomeinnlight2025-02-01t21:26:54-08:00

the premier bed and breakfast on the northern california coast
“…the best view in trinidad and the builders have made the most of it.”–fodor’s northern california 
turtle rocks oceanfront inn is a three-acre bed and breakfast in trinidad, california, on california’s redwood coast. the inn is the closest oceanfront hotel to arcata and eureka, but a magnificent land apart where forested mountains meet a dramatic coastline of rocky coves, huge headlands and offshore rocks. off route 101, this laid-back three-acre retreat is one mile from sue-meg state park, 5 miles from big lagoon and 14 miles from redwood national park in humboldt county (just north of mendocino county), the southern gateway for vacation travel to the pacific northwest.
we are only a 15-minute drive from the california redwood coast – humboldt county airport (acv), also known as the arcata-eureka airport.  we are also conveniently located about 20 minutes north of arcata and 30 minutes north of eureka, so if you are looking for lodging in eureka or arcata you may wish to consider enjoying the ocean view while staying in scenic trinidad instead!
spectacular ocean view from every room
relax and enjoy this stunning view of the ocean and offshore rocks from the privacy of your own room.  the ocean view from our rooms is unsurpassed anywhere in northern california.
drone video on facebookcalifornia king-size bed in every room
no matter which room you choose, you can sleep in comfort in one of our luxurious california king-size beds.
select a guest roomtelevision and wifi in every room
the turtle rocks oceanfront inn is a great place to get away from it all, but you can also stay connected with wall-mounted, 55-inch to 65-inch televisions and high-speed wifi.
check availabilityjust a few minutes’ drive from some of the most amazing beaches in california
sue-meg state park is less than one mile to the north, and trinidad head, trinidad state beach, and other incredible beaches are only four miles to the south.
more about nearby beachesthe perfect location for exploring the majestic redwoods
redwood national park, lady bird johnson grove, tall trees grove, prairie creek redwoods, and trees of mystery are all an easy day trip from the turtle rocks oceanfront inn.
travel itineraries“i honestly cannot imagine a better bed and breakfast experience in northern california than this one. the photos do not do it justice. we splurged on the large room with a balcony overlooking the sea but every room has spectacular views. you can hear the sea lions arfing below and it is magical. the married hosts are friendly and talkative but never imposing, filled with great advice about the large menu of local sights. the accommodations feel like staying with a relative in the best way. actual blankets and towels you would find in someone’s home, not in a generic hotel! truly a perfect experience” ~ mark king, google review, april 2024
“what a wonderful piece of paradise! we had a great stay here with an outstanding view. breakfast was very good and plentiful. roger and francine take great care of you during your stay. if you want outstanding ocean views, great location to the national park, and awesome breakfast, stay here!” ~ wendy ramsey, august 2024
“perfect location for a trip to the redwoods! quaint, rustic stay with amazing ocean views and comfortable rooms. you can even hear the waves and sea lions below! friendly staff who are very accommodating and provide great tips for your trip.” ~ laura gillum, google review
“too wonderful for words! lovely gem overlooking the pacific. comfortable rooms with excellent beds and bedding. loved sitting on the deck watching the crashing waves and listening to the sea lions. roger and francine are excellent hosts, serving up a delicious breakfast each morning along with a stellar cup of coffee. their 1-2 and 3 day itinerary was invaluable in helping us get the most enjoyment out of our stay. the redwoods are close at hand and make for an incredible journey.” ~ alan c, manchester, nh




 
 





 turtle rocks oceanfront inn: 3392 patrick’s point drive ~ trinidad, ca 95570
707-677-3707 | turtlerocksinn@gmail.com

 

 
 
 





		copyright 2025 | elegant website design: innlight marketing  | accessibility statement 



 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link
























































































go to top






