

































































star-herald | breaking news | starherald.com | read scottsbluff, ne and nebraska breaking news. get latest news, events and information on nebraska sports, weather, entertainment, lifestyles, and more. 





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















6°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



wildfires



farm & ranch



crime



state & regional



education



politics



nation & world



news tip



business



state




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorial



columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



college



huskers



professional




lifestyles


calendar



arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



comics



games & puzzles



contests



play



food & cooking



home & gardening



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



announcements




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



today's ads



special sections



star-herald archives




our publications


gering



hemingford




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



today's deal



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter signup



subscribe



contact us



photo submissions



submit news



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires









6°
cloudy
























        
        
            st. agnes holding open registration for students

st. agnes school will be holding open registration during the week of feb. 18-21. new students may register during the hours of 7:30-11 a.m. and 12:30-4 p.m. 

















        
        
            nebraska state patrol trooper killed in weather-related crash on i-80

the state patrol said in a news release that a crash occurred when the trooper and others were responding to another crash on i-80 between ashland and greenwood.

















        
        
            state tourism marketing grants given to 12 panhandle groups

the 12 panhandle business or tourism promotional groups will split $95,905 from the latest round of statewide community impact and visit nebraska marketing grants.

















        
        
            high school girls wrestling: gering medalist rylee luce leads area qualifiers into state

gering's rylee luce is one of three wrestlers with 40 wins on the season in the class a, 105-pound bracket. 

















        
        
            investigators find 3rd victim from fiery wyoming highway tunnel crash

a third victim has been found in the wreckage from a fiery crash involving 26 cars and trucks inside a wyoming highway tunnel.

















        
        
            d. jake roberts: terra firma territorial triumphs

"then god saw everything that he had made, and indeed it was very good.” (genesis 1:31)

















        
        
            bird flu confirmed in older wyoming woman who likely had contact with infected flock at her home

wyoming health department officials say an older woman is hospitalized with bird flu. it’s the state’s first human case of type a h5n1 influenza, which is spreading through animals and some people. 










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            investigators find 3rd victim from fiery wyoming highway tunnel crash



















        
        
            scottsbluff neighbors: obituaries for february 16


















        
        
            bird flu confirmed in older wyoming woman who likely had contact with infected flock at her home















                
                the latest



















        
        
            scottsbluff neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published today in scottsbluff star-herald online. 




















        
        
            scottsbluff education center set for opening for 2025-26 school year

construction is well underway for the scottsbluff public schools early childhood learning center. 





















        
        
            scottsbluff neighbors: obituaries for february 15

read through the obituaries published today in scottsbluff star-herald online. 




















        
        
            attacking a referee would become a felony charge under proposed nebraska law

nebraska referees and other sports officials say a bill that would make assaulting a referee a felony is an important step to keeping them safe.












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            emergency teams respond to overturned plane in toronto




















        
        
            daily minute: county hiring freeze; co2 pipeline on track; doge lawsuit




















        
        
            ap top stories february 17 a




















        
        
            nebraska's fred hoiberg after win vs. northwestern












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            college roundup: western nebraska cc women take pair of games in southern colorado

the cougar women host mccook community college on friday with a chance to clinch a subregion championship. the wncc men's team dropped a pair of games over the weekend. 




















        
        
            high school roundup: scottsbluff boys stretch winning streak to eight games over weekend

the scottsbluff and gering girls basketball teams both won twice as home too, and the bridgeport girls moved their winning streak to 14 games. 




















        
        
            high school boys wrestling: scottsbluff, gering both qualify six for state tournament

a group of 52 individuals from the panhandle area is moving on to omaha this week. that includes chadron's quinn bailey who will pursue a third-straight state title. 




















        
        
            college roundup: western nebraska cc's brandon receives region ix pitching honor

the chadron state basketball teams split in denver thursday night. a last-second shot for the eagle men was waived off, while the women picked up their first road victory. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    










sponsored








        
        
            simple ways to be more sustainable in 2025

with the new year in full swing, many are using this time to make new resolutions for the year. whether your goal is to hit the gym more or to try new things – a big one that many are focusing on for 2025 is to be more sustainable.  if you’re hoping to be more […]




















        
        
            5 great meatless recipes to work into your rotation — plus some eggless breakfast options

if you're trying to work more vegetables into your meals, here are five great recipes to try (plus some high-protein breakfast options that don't use eggs).




















        
        
            now streaming and on dvd: 'nosferatu' has new reasons to jump

taking f.w. murnau’s film and twisting it ever-so-slightly, eggers finds his groove in a highly gothic world. 

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












sponsored








        
        
            national cancer prevention month: how outpatient radiology scottsbluff works with patient oncology teams

content by casper medical imaging. outpatient radiology scottsbluff is with patients at every step of their cancer journey.












sponsored








        
        
            flavorful versatility, budget-friendly? surprise! it’s ground pork!

content by the power of pork. whether dinner tonight is spaghetti, tacos, burgers or even egg rolls (see recipe), ground pork can truly save the day — and your grocery bill!












sponsored








        
        
            protein packed, flavorful and lean… pork checks all the boxes!

content by national pork board. learn about the benefits of pork from registered dietitian and certified executive chef amber pankonin.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            mobius communications co.



                                        p.o. box 246, hemingford, ne 69348
                                    






















        
        
            brandt appraisal co inc



                                        p. o. box 71, scottsbluff, ne 69363
                                    






















        
        
            trugreen



                                        p o box 172, gering, ne 69341
                                    







































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram









sites & partners


gering courier

hemingford ledger

public notices

place an ad

join our team

newsletter signup

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

about us

submit news

dealer services

licensing

dealer returns

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        scottsbluff star-herald online	, po box 1709 scottsbluff, ne 69363-1709
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

trending

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe































