



nj limos » party bus » prom » wedding » tru limousine	





nj limos » party bus » prom » wedding » tru limousine
















































  



tru limo | new jersey				


 
new jersey limo service		






 
  tru limo | new jersey 
 


limousine rental services  wedding limousines prom limo rental bachelor party limos bachelorette party limos birthday party limos quinceanera limo sweet sixteen limousines wine tour limo rental atlantic city casino limos concert event limos airport transfer limousines our limousine rental services   limousine fleet party buses free quote contact us 

.nj party bus limo rentalwe have the right limo rental package designed for you!..welcome to party bus and limo rental service located in the heart of new jersey (nj).we offer best in class party bus and limousine rental service. we possess a complete line of nj party bus, sedan limos, stretch limos and exotic limousines designed to exceed your expectations. we offer our party bus and limousine services to new jersey (nj), new york (ny), connecticut (ct) and pennsylvania (pa). we provide limo rental packages for (but not limited to;) wedding limo rental, prom limos, airport limousine service, casino limos, birthday party limo, bachelorette party limousine, bachelor party limos and party buses, corporate functions and wine tasting.with our limo rental service we provide you with several suggestions for any occasion.contact us today for the limo rental package that’s right for your occasion!...party bus rental 14-46 passenger party buseswe possess an extensive nj party bus limo rental fleet. if you don’t find the new jersey limo party bus limousine rental you are looking for, call us! we’re sure to accommodate your needs with our custom party bus interiors. we’ll send you our custom interior configuration based on your needs.party bus fleet.stretch limos 8-14 passenger stretch limosour limo service of stretch limos are constantly changing. in most cases, we offer new jersey limos that are not even on our website yet. if you do not see what you are looking for, please contact us for the latest information on our nj stretch limos for rent. check out our various interior configurations.stretch limo fleet.sedan limos 4-7 passenger sedan limoswe possess an extensive limo rental sedan fleet. if you don’t find the sedan you are looking for, call us! we’re sure to accommodate your needs with our custom sedan limo interiors. we offer nj airport limos daily. visit our nj party bus limo rental fleet. rear control settings.sedan limo fleet.wedding limo lead car 2-3 passenger wedding lead carswe offer several limo wedding lead car limos. if you don’t find the wedding lead car you are looking for, call us! we’re sure to accommodate your needs with our custom lead car interiors. we’ll send you our custom interior configuration based on your needs for that special wedding.wedding lead cars..nj party bus and limoswe offer nj party bus and limo rental service..at tru limousine our mission is to provide you with the best experience of limo rental service possible by utilizing the latest technologies and exceeding industry standards. our limousine service offering limo rental, was founded on a clear vision. to exceed your expectations when renting a limo or party bus with us. we offer party bus rental service, wedding limo rental and prom limos. we offer limo rental for any occasion such as but not limited to; wedding limos, prom limo, airport limos, wine tour limos, corporate function limousines, casino limousine service, bachelor party limos, bachelorette party limo, atlantic city limousine rental service, cruise ship limo transfers & as directed.we possess the most exotic fleet of nj party buses and limousines including and luxury transportation vehicles around the region. our staff is highly professional, courteous and experienced to give you the best possible service at a reasonable price. reservations can be made by telephone, on-line, facsimile, e-mail, postal mail or you may wish to visit our office to see our outstanding limousine fleet. our offices are open seven days per week and appointments are not necessary. we accept all major credit cards, debit cards and cash as payment. corporate direct billing is always welcome.we look forward to serving the popular locations of new jersey and respective nj limo and party bus transportation in new jersey..all our chauffeurs have passed background checks, possess cdl licenses and have all been initially and randomly drug screened and have updated driver qualification files. our company has passed the usdot (united states department of transportation) compliance review and received a very high satisfactory grade. the process was a two day intensive and intrusive review of all documents including but not limited to drug screening, insurance thresholds, vehicle maintenance and inspection, expense and payroll reports, driver qualification files and company financials. we are proud to have been found in compliance and look forward to any regulatory audits.our limo rental service is focused on presenting each and every client with a unique, one-of-a-kind extraordinary experience. we have a history of providing reliable, safe and professional service to our corporate, retail, and celebrity clientele. through our dedicated limo rental service & chauffeurs we expect to serve you beyond your expectations.....nj wedding limo servicewe offer several nj wedding limos rental packages..when you contact us for any type of wedding limo service, we will assist you in planning your nj wedding limo rental needs. our experienced limousine planners will answer any question you may have in addition to making some wonderful suggestions that will enhance your wedding experience. we know your wedding day is one of the most important days of your life. with our red cardpet treatment and other amenities, your wedding day will be a day to remember. make your wedding daydream come true, contact us today! our nj wedding limo packages vary based on the number of wedding limousines being rented and the number of hours you may desire your limo to accompany you and your wedding party. visit our wedding limo faq page. our wedding limo rental service is best in class.we strive to exceed your wedding limo rental service expectations..limo quote.wedding limo fleet.wedding lead cars... tru limolead carour limousine service offering nj limo rental, was founded on a vision. to provide you with the best experience of limo service possible, by utilizing the latest technologies and industry standards of limousine service.free quote...tru limo nj prom limoswe offer several nj prom limo packages..when you contact us for any type of promenade limousine package, we will assist you in planning your nj limo needs for your prom. our experienced limousine planners will answer any question you may have in addition to making some wonderful suggestions that will enhance your prom experience. our prom packages vary based on the number of prom limousines being rented and the number of hours you may desire your limousine and/or limousines to accompany you and your party.prom limo quote.prom limo fleet.prom limo service...nj party bus limo servicetel: 908.523.1700 | *protected email*..tru limo
limo party bus fleetwe possess an extensive nj party bus and limo fleet..we offer several wedding limo packages that may include party buses, limos, sedans and exotics or any combination of our available limo fleet. this is just another advantage of hiring us for your limousine services, since we have an extensive party bus & limo fleet to choose from. take a look at our nj party bus and limousine fleet for your wedding, prom or any special occasion.limo party bus rentals are the latest craze of fashion. party bus (also known as a party ride, limo bus, limousine bus, party van, or luxury bus) . our large party buses are designed to carry 10 – 50 passengers. our party buses are driven by chauffeurs who possess specialized licenses. our party buses offer several seating configurations, with capacities from 10 to 50 passengers. in most cases these are converted van or mini-bus chassis with some conversions done using urban coach or motor coach chassis. when renting one of our party buses, book in advance. this is highly suggested during high seasons such as prom and wedding season. you want to reserve your limo party bus about 3 months prior to the event ideally. we have a large selection of party buses, so reserving in advance gives you the best selection available for your event. our party bus rental is used for a variety of affairs. we possess wedding party bus, prom party buses, bachelor party limo party buses or any type of affair..amenities include upgraded electrical systems, fast idle controller, am/fm stereo with cd player, power/heated remote control mirrors, power door locks and windows, upgraded seats and fabric, stripper-poles, air actuated passenger entry door, stripper poles, video and audio systems, luggage partitions, back-up cameras, smoke machines, laser lights, disco lights, strobe lights, on-board restroom. our limo party buses have a large array of floor plans to suit varying transportation needs. party buses are primarily used for, although not limited to, weddings, proms and bachelor and bachelorette parties as well as round trips to casinos, nights on the town, personalized drop offs and pick ups at various bars and nightclubs, birthdays and city tours. while some party buses are used for week long tours and events, most are used for day trips and events. most party buses, however, operate as livery vehicles, providing more accessible competition to limousines and taxicabs.why not party it up the right way by renting one of our limo party buses! thinking about booking a limo for a prom or wedding or special event? cruising around in a stretch limousine may be a cool, however with a stretch limousine you are limited to a low roof. an suv limo gives you more overhead room and better than a stretch limousine, but for the ultimate event, one should definitely look into a party bus rental. party buses are hot these days. there are many advantages to renting one over traditional limos. they will accommodate standing up, so you can dance with a lot of open space, while traveling anywhere..party bus fleet.wedding limos.prom limos.limo service..trulimo.com
limousine servicetru limousine exceptional limo servicetru limousine41 west edgar roadlinden, nj 07036 (union county)tel: (908) 523-1700*protected email*..        


  


 nj limo service | nj limousine fleet | nj party bus | nj limousines | free quote | limo faq | privacy policy | terms & conditions | contact us  © 2025 - all rights reserved - tru limo™ | nj party buses - nj limo rental services | address: 41 w edgar rd, linden, nj 07036 | phone: (908) 523-1700


      


 
      call us for any questions









































