



the upper st.john river valley , n. aroostook co., me. and madawaska co., nb: a history of the communities and people














 
 

photo by charles feil


the 
                upper st. john river valley
northern 
              aroostook county, maine and
              madawaska & victoria counties, new brunswick
 a history 
              of the communities and people








about | censuses 
          | church records | land grants 
          | early visitors | other 
          documents | contact me
maps | histories of the region 
          |  family histories | township 
          histories | other regions 
queries | 
          message board | guestbook







 
about this site 


 documents and transcriptions:

census transcriptions
church records
land grants and surveys
early visitors to the region
other records




historical maps


history of the region

native peoples
the border dispute
early visitors to the region




townships and early settlers:

madawaska  & victoria counties
aroostook county




family histories

documents from other regions: 

gaspé, québec
kamouraska region, québec
somerset co., maine



links


what's new


important: 
          save the internet




this website covers communities in the 
      st.john river valley, as well as in the valleys of the allagash and the 
      fish rivers in northern aroostook county, and the valleys of the green and 
      madawaska rivers in madawaska county
the upper st.john river valley was originally inhabited 
              by members of the maliseet nation, 
              who called the region wulustuk. early settlers from quebec, 
              acadia and maine referred to the region as the 
              madawaska settlement 
this website also includes 
              information on the rest of aroostook county, maine and on victoria 
              county, new brunswick
  this page is the starting point for history 
              and genealogy links for the communities in the valley of the upper 
              st. john river, or wulustuk, in aroostook county, maine, usa and 
              in madawaska & victoria counties, new brunswick, canada.
in the early days the community spanned both banks 
        of the st. john river, known to the original population of the valley 
        as wulustuk. many of the documents transcribed here, especially from the 
        first half of the 1800s, therefore include communities on both sides of 
        the river.


message board 
          / discussion forum


sign 
          the guest-book!

 




documents and transcriptions





 



censuses
and population surveys



 



1820 us census of madawaska 
              missing from the microfilm copy of the census, now found! both 
              banks of the upper st.john river valley, now in aroostook and madawaska 
              counties. includes name index 
            1829 report on 
              "sufferers in the madawaska settlement" listing 
              of households most affected by harvest failure, and in need of relief; 
              undertaken by new brunswick government, both sides of the st.john 
              river. includes name index.
1830 us census of the madawaska settlement
penobscot county, maine and york county, new brunswick both north 
              and south banks of the st.john river, now in aroostook and madawaska 
              counties. includes name index  
            1831 report on 
              the inhabitants of the st.john river valley by deane and kavanagh
(details on individuals living on both north and south 
              banks; also includes observations on the region and its inhabitants. 
              includes name index.)  
            1831 census of kamouraska county, 
              lower canada (québec) includes rivière-ouelle, 
              rivière-du-loup, and ste-anne-de-la-pocatière many 
              of the inhabitants of the upper st.john river valley came from the 
              kamouraska region of québec; this census provides info on 
              some of these settlers, their families and neighbors (in french 
              and english)
1833 new brunswick special census 
              of madawaska both north and south banks of the st.john; 
              includes name index.  
            1837 maine census of the madawaska 
              settlements information on the 1837 census  
            1840 us census of aroostook county
the entire county; includes the madawaska 
              settlements, including communities in carleton co., new brunswick; 
              includes name index  
            1840 new brunswick 
              census of the madawaska settlement both sides of 
              the st.john river, in carleton co, nb and aroostook co., maine
1850 us census of aroostook county
(includes online name index)

mortality schedule 
                  of the 1850 census

1851 new brunswick census of victoria 
              county (with online name index).
1858 censuses of ste.luce and 
              st.françois-xavier parishes, covering both sides 
              of the st.john river (includes online name index)
1860 us census of communities in the 
              upper st.john river valley, aroostook co., maine annotated, 
              includes index. now with searchable database!
1872 census of st.bruno parish, 
              van buren (includes online name index and searchable database)

census transcriptions annotated!
check out the popup boxes in 
              the census transcriptions!
              these popup boxes include information on marriages, maiden names, 
              relationships, etc. of people who appear in the census transcriptions 
              on this site. for now, annotations of the 1860 census and the 1850 
              census of northern aroostook county. adding annotations to 1820, 
              1830, 1831, 1833, and 1840 censuses, and to the 1831 survey; continuing 
              to add annotations to 1860, 1851, and 1850; adding cross references 
              to appearances of individuals in other censuses.


 



 

church records






early missionaries of 
              madawaska territory (both sides of st.john river, 1786-1857)  
            
ste luce parish, frenchville: 
              parish register information abstracted from the ste 
              luce registers. search the 
              database of the parish records, online.


 early baptisms 
                    at ste luce, 1843-1860. now online: searchable 
                    database of baptisms

early marriages of ste.luce, 
                  1843-1860. online searchable database of marriages
early burials of ste 
                  luce, 1843-1860. online searchable database 
                  of burials.
1844 & 1850 
                  confirmations at ste.luce church
1858 census of ste.luce parish. 
                  covers entire parish, both sides of st.john river

also be sure to check out ken 
              roy's ste luce cemetery database.
st françois-xavier 
              de madawaska parish

1858 census of st.françois-xavier 
                  parish (part of ste luce parish census), both 
                  sides of st.john river
pew-rent paid by parishioners, 
                  1847-1857


1872 census of st.bruno parish, 
              van buren (includes online name index and searchable database)



 
land grants and surveys





native peoples of the upper st.john 
              river valley the first inhabitants of the valley were 
              the wulustukieg or maliseet people; a brief and incomplete history 
              of this original community updated with 1841 report on maleseets 
              of madawaska. 
            1787, 1790 & 1794 british 
              land grants in the upper st.john river valley: owners, 
              locations and other details; plus owners in 1831 (on both banks 
              of the river) updated from original documents
1817 & 1822 
              military settlement survey of the st.john river instructions 
              from july 1817 for a survey of lots along the st.john between bristol 
              and grand falls and 1822 list of settlers on the military lots. 
            1827 list of american citizens 
              in possession of lands in madawaska information from 
              the justice of the peace for the county of york, province 
              of new brunswick  
            1831 report on 
              the inhabitants of the st.john river valley by deane and kavanagh
(details on individuals living on both north and south 
              banks; also includes observations on the region and its inhabitants. 
              includes name index.)  
            1844 report on lands held by settlers 
              in valleys of upper st.john and aroostook rivers greatly 
              revised and updated from original document! includes online name 
              index.






  


other records   




1817-1821 new brunswick grain 
          bounty, york county, by norm demerchant 
        1828 depositions and testimony 
          of madawaska inhabitants personal information from 16 madawaska 
          inhabitants.
1841 report on the malecite/wulustukieg 
          nation in the st.john river valley report by moses perley 
          for the new brunswick government
visitors to the upper st.john river 
          valley over the course of the 17th-19th centuries numerous travellers 
          visited the upper st.john valley and published their impressions. descriptions 
          of these visits are reproduced here 





historical maps    



detail from 1808 map 
      of the united states of north america, by aaron arrowsmith, from 
      the david rumsey map collection.

detail from 1814 map of 
      maritimes: border region between new brunswick, lower canada, and maine, 
      by john purdy, from the david 
      rumsey map collection.

1815 map of the route 
      from halifax to rivière-du-loup, via the st.john river valley, 
      by joseph bouchette, surveyor-general of lower canada 

detail from 1829 map 
      of québec: kamouraska, témiscouata portage, and madawaska 
      settlements by samuel holland showing towns 
      from which settlers in lower canada (québec) migrated, and the portage 
      they took to move to the madawaska settlement. 

1831 map of maine 
      by david h. burr (in 
      color) showing maine counties; the borders claimed by the us and great britain; 
      as well as the boundary recommended by the king of the netherlands in his 
      arbitration decision (large file, 301kb)  

1835 map of the 
      public lands of maine by george w. coffin. shows 
      land by township with information on names, size, grantees; clickable. (very 
      large file, 1mb) 

1838 map of maine by 
      thomas g. bradford, showing us claims to the border, from 
      the david rumsey map collection.
 

1839/40 settlements 
      on the upper st.john river from the madawaska 
      river westward to the allagash river. survey showing 
      location of houses and the names of some settlers on both banks of the river.


map of the boundary dispute, 
      1782-1842, with british and us claims. (large file, 
      500kb) 

1859 map of maine, 
      with township and range numbers, by j.h. colton (very 
      large file, 1.7mb) 

1895 map of aroostook 
      county, maine (large file, 550kb) 



brief histories of the region's towns 
  and early settlers
madawaska county:

baker brook | 
  clair | connors 
  | edmundston 
  | rivière-verte 
  | saint-andré 
  | sainte-anne | 
  saint-basile | 
  saint-françois 
  | saint-hilaire 
  | saint-jacques 
  | saint-léonard 
  |
information on victoria county:


military settlement survey 
      instructions from july 1817 for a survey of lots along the st.john between 
      bristol and grand falls from norm demerchant; and 1822 list of settlers 
      on the military lots, from carleton county genweb site.



aroostook county:

upper st.john valley:
allagash | castonia 
  settlement (twp.16, r.12) | cyr plantation 
  | daigle | eaglelake 
  | fort kent | frenchville 
  | grand isle | hamlin 
  | madawaska | new 
  canada plantation | portage lake 
  | st.agatha | st. 
  francis | st. john plantation | vanburen 
  | wallagrass |
information on the rest of aroostook county:


1820 us census of houlton and new limerick 
      missing from the microfilm copy of the census, now found! 
    the first st. denis cemetery, 
      fort fairfield cemetery transcription by natalie somers undercofler 
    origin of the names 
      of aroostook county townships and early settlers
linda allen's "first 
      settlers of the aroostook river valley" pages at http://freepages.genealogy.rootsweb.com/~lallen/

      great site on the early settlers of communities along the aroostook river: 
      ashland, caribou, castle hill, fort fairfield, mapleton, masardis and 
      oxbow, presque isle, washburn



 history of the madawaska region


native peoples
the border dispute: 
      how madawaska, or the upper st.john valley communities, became divided 
      by an international border; why us surveys and censuses until 1842 included 
      communities now in new brunswick, and why the 1833 new brunswick census 
      of madawaska included communities now in maine
early visitors to the region
acadians
french canadians (québecois) 
      
how the french of northern maine were viewed 
          by anglos in the 19th century

irish / scottish from new brunswick 
    loyalists 
    americans 
    people from other places 
  



family histories   


gagnon families of frenchville

my gagnon line: descendants 
          and ancestors of prospère gagnon 
          and marie-anne ouellette, who moved from kamouraska, québec 
          to what's today frenchville in about 1831 
        the other frenchville gagnons: 
          
étienne gagnon and 
              marie fortin who moved from les éboulements in about 
              1831 
            françois-marie gagnon 
              and marie duval who moved from kamouraska in about 1835 
          

some of my other upper st.john river valley lines (with year 
      of arrival in valley)

jalbert ancestors and 
          descendants of édouard jalbert and luce vaillancourt 
          (about 1839) 
        chamberland ancestors and 
          descendants of léandre chamberland and éléonore 
          alexandre (between 1831 and 1840) 
        daigle ancestors and descendants 
          of hilarion daigle and madeleine ayotte (acadians, 
          from madawaska) 
        dionne ancestors and descendants 
          of antoine dionne and salomée miville dit deschênes 
          (never left la pocatière; children and grandchildren moved to 
          madawaska in 1840s-1850s) 
st. jean/st.john ancestors 
          and desendants of théodule anctil dit st-jean and sophie-rose 
          marquis (never left île-verte; their son nyzaire moved 
          to madawaska about 1860) 
        russell ancestors and 
          descendants of samuel russell and ellen baldwin (about 
          1855) 
        tardif ancestors and descendants 
          of antoine tardif and suzanne cayouette (never left 
          kamouraska; their children louis and artémise moved to madawaska 
          about 1844) 
        ouellette ancestors 
          and descendants of amable ouellette and esther gardner 
          (about 1844) 
      
other people information on other 
      early settlers in the madawaska territory and in aroostook county, maine 
  



documents from 
  other regions
in the course of researching my own ancestors i've transcribed 
  documents from some of the regions from which they came before moving to the 
  upper st.john river valley.


 gaspé: gaspé and bonaventure 
      counties of lower canada (québec) 
 kamouraska region of lower canada 
      (québec)
somerset co., maine (upper 
      kennebec river valley)






about the site
links
what's new





 view and sign the 
  upper st.john valley guestbook 
website 
  message board / discussion forum 

important: 
  save the internet!
 







e-mail me 




terms of use
 last revised 12 april 2021
  © 2000-2021 c. gagnon


