














shell vacations club: vacation ownership in exciting destinations in hawaii, california, oregon, wisconsin, las vegas, arizona, mexico and more


























































































































































































 



									we've updated our privacy notice, effective february 7, 2025, to provide more 
									detail about how we process your personal information. you may read the full 
									privacy notice here. if you have any questions, 
									please contact us at privacy@travelandleisure.com.
										











 







designed for people who make
																	vacations part of their lifestyle, shell vacations club
																	features the most exceptional dream vacation ownership
																	opportunities to last a lifetime. travel where you
																	want, when you want! vacation ownership continues to be
																	one of the most popular ways to travel worldwide. by
																	owning your vacation, you lock in the cost of today's
																	vacations for a lifetime. there has never been a better
																	time to discover the unique benefits of vacation
																	ownership through shell vacations club.
based on shell vacations' tradition
																	of more than 40 years of hospitality and service,
																	members can enjoy leisure, adventure or specialty
																	travel at a great economic value. shell vacations club
																	vacation ownership resorts provide a variety of
																	locations and accommodations to meet the needs of any
																	family, couple or large group of travelers -- from a
																	"home away from home" featuring a large
																	kitchen or kitchenette and open spaces right on the
																	beach, to an intimate studio or one-bedroom with
																	mountain views. shell vacations club members have
																	access to vacation ownership resorts and properties in
																	the heart of culturally rich metropolitan areas, among
																	serene mountain communities and in relaxed coastal
																	resort cities. from the neon lights, mystique and magic
																	of las vegas to the stunning, snow-capped mountains of
																	whistler, shell vacations club members have a variety
																	of vacation choices and options at their fingertips.
with more than 20+ desirable
																	destinations to choose from across north america and an
																	easy points-based reservation and exchange system,
																	shell vacations club gives members extraordinary
																	flexibility and leisure-travel opportunities. more than
																	that, you'll experience all of the wonderful privileges
																	that come with vacation ownership. from skiing, golf,
																	shopping and cruises to safaris, amusement parks, art
																	and culture and more, a vacation ownership membership
																	with shell vacations club opens the door to your dream
																	vacations year after year.

																	start planning today. and let us point the way...start
																		here!





  


































     



press releases
site map
help
contact us
privacy notice (updated)
do not sell or share my personal information-consumers
do not sell or share my personal information-former employees (california)
about our ads
cookie settings
terms &
	conditions
ugc terms & conditions
careers
traveler's pledge




this advertising material is being used for the purpose of soliciting sales of timeshare interests

proudly supports timeshare.com
©2011 -  shell vacations, llc. (6277 sea harbor drive, orlando, fl 32821). all rights reserved. shell holdings, llc., arizona real estate broker. void where state registration requirements have not been met.


your request is being submitted.
    thank you for your patience.



