       
	society | american dental association
                                     




welcome, 

logout


contact us
find a dentist
login












 
adasso


salesforce [a-f]


salesforce [g-l]


salesforce [m]


salesforce [n-r]


salesforce [s-z]


salesforce [m2]


salesforce [a-f2]

      

















         




about us







nedda leadership







executive council members




delegation representatives




committee and council representatives






affiliates






members







benefits of membership




membership application




membership directory




classified ads




newsbites




peer review






events




advocacy




public resources







find a dentist




why should i see a dentist?




dental health faq




what do dentists do




dental careers






volunteer




  
            skip to main content
         








florida dental member assistance program

                        a free member benefit for dentists and their family members

                            
learn more








fda supports water fluoridation

click here








jumpstart!

                        in an effort to contribute solutions to the workforce challenges faced by florida dentists, the fda has implemented jumpstart. jumpstart is an initiative to connect pre-dental students interested in volunteering or working with dental offices in need of staff. 

                            
learn more








dentists' day on the hill 2025

                        save the date! dentist's day on the hill - tuesday, march 25, 2025

                            
click here








fda’s big legislative wins for 2024!

                         the fda prioritized passing legislation to address dental insurance reform, protecting patients from direct-to-consumer dental products, increasing funding for dental reimbursement fees in the medicaid program, securing state support for the veterans dental care grant program, as well as the florida mission of mercy!

                            
read report








insurance

                        no one pays greater tribute to dentists than the doctors company | they're taking the "mal" out of malpractice!

                            
apply now








sign up for auto renew

                        place your membership on cruise control by signing up for auto renew today!

                            
pay dues








savings

                        onc-certified practice management software | fda members receive 33% off when you mention crown savings!

                            
learn more









hurricane season is here - are you prepared? learn more click above to access the updated guide for 2024 provided by fda services for information on how to prepare, ways to handle damage or lossand how to make a claim.










   welcome to the northeast district dental association...founded in 1922, the northeast district dental association (nedda) is a professional membership organization comprised of florida’s licensed dentists in the northeastern counties of bradford, baker, clay, columbia, dixie, duval, hamilton, lafayette, madison, nassau, putnam, st. johns, suwanee, taylor and union. nedda is one of the florida dental associations'  six district dental associations and represents the 
interests and activities of dentists in northeast florida. it is part of a tripartite (three-part organization). by 
joining one level, you get the benefits of all of them: the american dental association (ada), the florida dental association (fda) and the northeast district dental association.staying true to the fda’s mission of "helping members succeed"
 is our top priority and our vision closely reflects our commitment to 
helping our members do just that. nedda is committed to the 
improvement of the health of the public, promoting the art and science 
of dentistry and representing the concerns of our members  at the state and national levels.nedda is comprised of two affiliate (local) societies, the jacksonville dental society and the clay county dental society. each affiliate has
separate membership policies and programs that work in 
conjunction with the nedda (fda and ada) to help its members succeed.











                                join/renew
                            







                                nedda newsbites
                            







                                classified ads
                            













nedda fall event - september 13, 2024 
































       

stay connected


















 

   general information american dental association florida dental association   sections member center events news about us for the public   resources join/renew accessibility     
                copyright © 2025
                northeast district dental association. reproduction or republication strictly prohibited without prior written permission.
               privacy policy   terms of use   contact us               
