



  



gildedplanet.com - genuine gold, silver and metal leaf supplies and tutorials




















































clearance and close out items!
reduced pricing on leaf, brushes and more. - purchase gift cards



























 






















 gilding supplies  




genuine gold leaf
genuine silver leaf
palladium leaf
gilding tools
gilding tips
gilding brushes
burnishers
gilding books
gilding kits




gilding materials


adhesive size
primers
sealers


metal leaf


imitation gold
aluminum leaf
copper leaf
variegated leaf
pewter leaf




edible gold leaf


edible gold
edible silver
recipes


gilding support


gilding classes
project advice
specs and tds
blog
partnerships




step-by-step tutorials


videos
how to gold leaf
how to silver leaf


specials


mixol tints
tamise flakes
ribbon and rolls of leaf
mica powder
japanese colored silver leaf




featured video

                                        how to apply genuine and metal leaf using quick dry oil size.
                                    









                                    new arrivals in:  
                                    pewter leaf
japanese colored silver leaf
edible gold
abalone veneer sheets
discount genuine gold leaf






 knowledge  




video tutorials
how to apply genuine gold leaf
how to apply genuine silver leaf
how to apply imitation gold leaf
how to apply imitation silver leaf
how to apply copper leaf
exterior gilding
gilding basics
different types of leaf
leaf size details
leaf coverage chart



gilding tutorials
we're here to help! comprehensive step-by-step tutorials designed to help you get your project completed with gilded flare.
video feature

it's all in the packaging! this video shows it all. essentially, the leaf is all the same, it's just packaged differently.





support  


project advice

ask us
visit our blog



gilding classes

course offerings
class dates and location


specs and tds

color charts

genuine leaf
metal leaf
tamise leaf


customer showcase


sale items
contact



 
google:









 










                        gilding supplies and materials
                    

                        genuine and metal leaf, powders and flakes. adhesive sizing, primers, sealers and brushes
                    

                        24kt - 12kt genuine gold leaf - loose, patent and rolls of leaf
                    





                        education and training
                    

                        become a master gilder... or just a well informed beginner!
                    

                        step-by-step instructions, video tutorials and detailed product information
                    





                        technical support and project help line.
                    

                        comprehensive product support.  ask us about your project!
                    

                        active blog postings - find answers here
                    
























                        10,000+ satisfied customers
                    

                        10,000+ successful projects!
                    

                        visit our customer showcase
                    









 













learn
step-by-step video and educational tutorials




shop
genuine and metal leaf, adhesives and sealers, brushes, burnishers and more




support
technical questions, project support and help line


 








the gilded age is now! - genuine gold, silver and metal leaf supplies and tutorials


new gilding classes just listed -      
                    register now
find all your professional gilding products, tools and advice. connect with our professionals to help provide the best methods and materials for your unique project.













featured products












gift cards

purchase gift cards for the creative people in your life!


 











mixol universal tints

 mixol is a binder-free multi-purpose tinting paste - not a ready paint!  mixol forms no skin or lumps and will not dry out. it can be stored for many years and so it is extremely economical.

 











imitation silver leaf

made with 100% pure aluminum, this metal leaf is great for projects requiring the genuine silver leaf appearance.

 











2" gilder's squirrel mop brush

ultra soft squirrel hair brush - ideal for polishing gilded surfaces. with a range of sizes, this brush is ideal for removing skewings after the gilding process.

 


 


 











what's hot!


 

                \









more edible gold leaf



stay fresh and creative!
edible gold leaf and flake.
when hosting your next event make it special with edible gold and edible silver. use on chocolates and candies. great with champaign or mixed into a cosmo. dust a bit on dessert or make that wedding cake the talk of the party.
may your day always be filled with unexpected celebrations!




 











the beauty and ease of ribbon leaf!
imitation silver leaf walls
imtation silver ribbon leaf is manufactured by placing 6 1/4" square leaves onto a continuous length of waxed paper with a 2mm overlap. the rolled paper and the cardboard core are equal in width and the imitation silver leaf is placed inside the edge of the paper.
we offer pre-cut widths of ribbon leaf. ribbon leaf can be trimmed to any size required. when trimmed, the imitation silver leaf and paper are cut to produce a clean edge of imitation silver and paper of the exact width.




 











traditional water gilding
gilding kits, tools and tutorials.
the "traditional water gilding" process covers this ancient and traditional method of applying gold leaf to complex and sculptural surfaces. it is suitable for any rigid surface that will retain the base coat, or gesso", such as wood, plaster, stone, etc. 
the traditions of a master gilder.




 











how to apply imitation gold leaf!
for interior projects
this step-by-step tutorial goes through the basics on applying metal leaf using water based size. great for objects and frames using imitation gold, imitation silver and copper leaf. also works for variegated leaf, tamise flakes and mica powder. 




 


 










our brands






 
















 
 











gildedplanet  
contact	415.407.5097                      
ordering basics
video tutorials
sitemap 
support



videospecial





ediblegold











 










                        © copyright 2023. images of products by gildedplanet.com.
                    

www.fiarde.com    -    www.artsparx.com    -    www.ediblegold.com



 
 
 


































