








discover art unleashed at the la county fair | may 2-26, 2025








































































 























skip to content

 









buy tickets














 










know before you go 








 









general info 



accessibility 



map & schedules 





 







 







 













things to do 








 









attractions 



concerts 



food 



special events 



competitions 



marketplace education & classes 



fairkids field trips 



shopping 



workshops 





 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 













ways to save
competitions- old live
business opportunities
about us
about us 








 









history of the fair 



pr & newsroom 



performing opportunities 



job opportunities 



contact us 



code of conduct 





 







 







 







 







 







 













x
 










 













 

















 






 






 




 



art unleashed 




the la county fair puts the spotlight on all things creative in 2025 with its theme art unleashed.the fair has been a celebration of art for more than a century: home arts, culinary arts, visual arts, performing arts, fine arts. the art of having fun. the art of making memories. celebrate artistry and mastery in all their diverse forms with the fair’s immersive experience that promises to captivate all guests. 









prepare to be inspired, 
to laugh, to ride, to eat, 
to sing and dance 




 



what is art? 





art is an expansive realm of boundless creativity and diversity, a universe where imagination knows no bounds. it’s not just canvas and brush. it’s a piping hot plate of ramen and the thumping bassline of a funk classic; the intricate engineering of the mechanics of a ferris wheel; the last dollop of whipped cream atop a pillowy funnel cake. it spans the spectrum from spoken word to the fluid movement of dance. 











 



coming up in 2025 





 




 



hands-on art activities 
for all ages 





 



strolling
entertainment 





 



dance on wheels - 
the skating rink returns 






 



 



 




 



hands-on art activities 
for all ages 





 



strolling
entertainment 





 



dance on wheels - 
the skating rink returns 










 



sign up for our newsletter 





									sign up for our newsletter to get the latest information about la county fair 2025 including discounts and new attractions!								





 







sign up now















 







press release













 





fairplex annual pass 



there’s so much to see and do at fairplex, why not enjoy admission year-round? become an annual pass holder and enjoy unlimited* fun at several fairplex events, including the la county fair! 



*unlimited admission is for platinum pass only 





 







buy passes

















follow us on social for updates!
 





 





 





 





 











to our forever valentine, happy national ferris wh
 





a poem from us to you 💘






you know where to find me 🤭
 


 











 



 



 









 



blog posts
 





announcing la county fair 2025: art unleashed theme, dates 🎨looking back at the 2024 la county fair!  











 






quicklinks 






fairplex










code of conduct












follow us 






 





 





 





 








#lacountyfair2025 





phone: (909) 623-3111


email: info@fairplex.com


1101 w. mckinley ave., pomona, ca 91768



















 






quicklinks 






fairplex










code of conduct












follow us 






 





 





 





 








#lacountyfair 





phone: (909) 623-3111


email: info@fairplex.com


1101 w. mckinley ave., pomona, ca 91768














© 2024 la county fair all rights reserved. 








we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. do not sell my personal information review our privacy policycookie settingsacceptmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement1 yearset by the gdpr cookie consent plugin, this cookie records the user consent for the cookies in the "advertisement" category.cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".cookielawinfoconsent1 yearcookieyes sets this cookie to record the default button state of the corresponding category and the status of ccpa. it works only in coordination with the primary cookie.elementorneverthe website's wordpress theme uses this cookie. it allows the website owner to implement or change the website's content in real-time.viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
cookiedurationdescription_scid1 year 1 monththis cookie is set by snapchat to store snapchat pixel unique id of the user.x-ab1 dayadobe analytics sets this cookie in context with multi-variate testing. this is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. this allows the website to find the best variation or edition of the site. 






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
cookiedurationdescription_fbp3 monthsfacebook sets this cookie to display advertisements when either on facebook or on a digital platform powered by facebook advertising after visiting the website._ga1 year 1 month 4 daysgoogle analytics sets this cookie to calculate visitor, session and campaign data and track site usage for the site's analytics report. the cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognise unique visitors._ga_*1 year 1 month 4 daysgoogle analytics sets this cookie to store and count page views._gat_gtag_ua_*1 minutegoogle analytics sets this cookie to store a unique user id._gat_ua-*1 minutegoogle analytics sets this cookie for user behaviour tracking.n_gcl_au3 monthsgoogle tag manager sets the cookie to experiment advertisement efficiency of websites using their services._gid1 daygoogle analytics sets this cookie to store information on how visitors use a website while also creating an analytics report of the website's performance. some of the collected data includes the number of visitors, their source, and the pages they visit anonymously.calltrk_session_id1 yearthis cookie is set by the provider callrail. this cookie is used for storing an unique identifier for a user browser session. it is used for tracking the number of phone calls generate from the website.tapid1 yeartealium sets this cookie to install a unique id when a visitor first visits and thus keep track of visitors between domains. 






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
cookiedurationdescriptionfr3 monthsfacebook sets this cookie to show relevant advertisements by tracking user behaviour across the web, on sites with facebook pixel or facebook social plugin.ide1 year 24 daysgoogle doubleclick ide cookies store information about how the user uses the website to present them with relevant ads according to the user profile.sc_at1 year 24 dayssnapchat sets this cookie for showing relevant advertising based on the user’s movement.test_cookie15 minutesdoubleclick.net sets this cookie to determine if the user's browser supports cookies. 






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
cookiedurationdescription_scid_r1 year 1 monthdescription is currently not available._tq_id.tv-7281818190-1.502e1 year 1 month 4 daysdescription is currently not available.btpdb.1pr3l09.dgzjljc1mtmxmzusessiondescription is currently not available.btpdb.1pr3l09.dgzjljc1mtmxmzysessiondescription is currently not available.btpdb.1pr3l09.dgzjljc1mzi5nzqsessiondescription is currently not available.btpdb.1pr3l09.dgzjljc1ndm2ntisessiondescription is currently not available.btpdb.6eedehh.dgzjljcyntcwotesessiondescription is currently not available.btpdb.6eedehh.dgzjljcyotq3ntasessiondescription is currently not available.btpdb.6eedehh.dgzjljm4ntu1mjy1 yeardescription is currently not available.btpdb.6eedehh.dgzjljqzndi2otc1 yeardescription is currently not available.btpdb.6eedehh.dgzjljqzndi3mdysessiondescription is currently not available.btpdb.6eedehh.dgzjljy2nda3otgsessiondescription is currently not available.calltrk_landing1 yearthis is a functionality cookie set by the callrail. this cookie is used to store the landing page url. it helps to accurately attribute the visitor source when displaying a tracking phone number.calltrk_nearest_tld1 year 1 month 4 daysdescription is currently not available.calltrk_referrer1 yearthis is a functionality cookie set by the callrail. this cookie is used to store the referring url. it helps to accurately attribute the visitor source when displaying a tracking phone number.firstsession6 monthsno description available.marriottoriginsessiondescription is currently not available.sucuri_cloudproxy_uuid_0c66803ed1 daydescription is currently not available.sucuri_cloudproxy_uuid_14a8546811 daydescription is currently not available.sucuri_cloudproxy_uuid_4dd3470631 daydescription is currently not available.sucuri_cloudproxy_uuid_820d6a3971 daydescription is currently not available.sucuri_cloudproxy_uuid_8f8a4eae51 daydescription is currently not available.sucuri_cloudproxy_uuid_eaa8aa4c01 daydescription is currently not available.sucuri_cloudproxy_uuid_ebc8a3db61 daydescription is currently not available.sucuri_cloudproxy_uuid_f7915940f1 daydescription is currently not available.taxitag_main1 yeardescription is currently not available. 












save & accept


powered by 










 


 













































