



	nfl draft guide, mock drafts, news | ourlads’ nfl scouting services



 













































































                               ourlads nfl scouting services
                            







go ad free


















						        buy draft guide 



new orders


backorders




ourlads insider


nfl depth charts


ncaa depth charts



						        nfl draft 



2025 nfl draft hub


ourlads stories


archives


player scouting reports


recent nfl drafts


nfl combine


nfl draft value chart


nfl draft averages


qb ball velocity





						        about 



about us


advertise with us


newsletter registration


lads links


selling points


publications


dan shonka's bio


radio schedule


media interviews


contact us


testimonials


scouts' hall of fame


pro scout confidential


lads links





						        social 



youtube


facebook


x/twitter


instagram


tiktok








go ad free




















subscribe
insider
nfl depth charts
ncaa depth charts






































2025 nfl draft






ourlads' 2025 mock draft 1.0











2025 ourlads' top 32 draft prospects - 2.0

1. travis hunter, 2. abdul carter, 3. mason graham, 4. ashton jeanty, 5. will campbell... 






how to stack the top 3 defenderswhen it comes to the “no-doubt” top ten dudes, we have three.read more
2025 senior bowl recap - quarterbacks and wide receiversread more
2025 senior bowl recap - running backs and tight endsread more
2025 senior bowl recap - offensive lineread more
2025 senior bowl recap - edge rushers and defensive tacklesread more
more 2025 nfl draft...











for over 44 years, america's # 1 nfl draft guide and draft review.

nfl scout evaluations. just steak, no sizzle.  read testimonials








woody marks rb, southern calphil mafah rb, clemsongunnar helm te, texasjalen royals wr, utah statekaden prather wr, marylandjoe huber og, wisconsinjake majors oc, texasjared ivey edge, mississippizy alexander cb, lsu


college football depth charts
all 134 fbs teams, nfl prospects color coded. updates are ongoing.



nfl depth charts
2024 nfl depth charts and rosters
real-time nfl depth charts. always accurate. always evolving. see today's updates.


2024 nfl football depth charts by position
all teams. all positions. includes: practice squad, reserves, free agents/cap casualties.



ourlads insider
don't miss a single roster move: ourlads insider simplifies the chaos!

                                                keeping up with nfl depth chart changes is chaos, with rosters constantly shifting with injuries, trades, and performance changes. as the season progresses, tracking every move across 32 teams becomes even more critical. at ourlads, depth charts are our core, and we've just made them easier than ever to follow.
												
go to ourlads insider read more...












ourlads stories

cam ward vs. shedeur sandersmuch will be made of these two and the comparison to each other...read more
2024 all rookie team
2024 week 18 all rookie team
what harold perkins jr. returning to lsu means for his 2026 nfl draft prospectsjon cooper shares his insights on how harold's game may translate to the nfl...read more
2024 week 17 all rookie team
load more stories





nfl football

bills                    the need to build a championship defense for allenbuffalo beat reporter matt parrino details how the bills can sign, trade and draft their way to building a championship defense.read more
steelers                 who are the steelers cutting, drafting or signing?find out what the steelers plan to do this offseason including the 2025 nfl draft with alex kozora of steelersdepot.com.read more
buccaneers               the bucs defense must improve to take a next stepjames yarcho of the locked on bucs podcast breaks down the key positions on defense that need more talent this offseason.read more
packers                  green bay packers offseason preview 2025will cornerback jaire alexander be back? what are the packers top offseason needs in free agency and the draft?read more
bengals                  cincinnati bengals offseason preview 2025tee higgins, a new dc, free agency, the draft & more with john sheeran of atozsports.com.read more
more nfl...











newsletter registration

get access to ourlads' weekly newsletter

												sign up to receive access to our latest updates, content, and best offers.
                                            


ourlads news
new partnership announcement: ourlads and playbook sports deliver game-winning insights

												as part of our ongoing effort to enhance your experience on ourlads.com, we're thrilled to introduce a series of new tools and partnerships to give you even more insight.
                                            


ourlads' guides at the nfl draft





2023 ourlads' guide on nfl draft table



2017 ourlads' guide on rams and jets draft table in philadelphia



2019 ourlads' guide on kansas city chiefs draft table



2019 ourlads' guide on pittsburgh steelers draft table



2019 ourlads' guide on tennessee titans draft table



2014 ourlads guide at atlanta falcons draft table



2014 ourlads guide on browns table during fan draft announcement



2013 ourlads' guide on 6-time super bowl champion steeler's draft table



2012 ourlads' guide on the world champion new york giants draft table



ourlads' guide at the 2011 nfl draft




previous



next










ourlads history
history of ourlads' scouting services

													ourlads' scouting services officially traces its history back to the 1983 nfl draft...
												


my friend and teammate jim brown

													widely recognized as the top running back of all time in the nfl, jim brown passed away on may 18, 2023. he is remembered by his good friend and teammate, john wooten.
												


author malcolm gladwell interviews ourlads' dan shonka
best selling author malcolm gladwell includes ourlads' dan shonka's interview in new book "what the dog saw".





"'shonk' was not only a great evaluator of player talent but of coaches as well. 'shonk' recommended bill callahan, sean payton, and john harbaugh to head coach ray rhodes when he was with the eagles."


--john wooten
															cleveland browns' legend and first chairman of the fritz pollard alliance
														

"dan shonka is the outlier of football scouts" 

--malcolm gladwell
														best selling author
													




article from 4/20/2020 posted from the gazette (cedar rapids):
shonkas stay busy with draft prep (pdf)



 






















































subscribe

new orders
back orders



depth charts

nfl depth charts
ncaa football depth charts



nfl draft / football

nfl draft hub
ourlads stories
archives
player scouting reports
recent nfl drafts



about ourlads

about us
advertise with us
contact us
testimonials
terms
privacy policy






follow ourlads:







youtube









facebook









x/twitter









instagram









tiktok








 
                2025 © ourlads scouting services llc.
                the nfl draft and nfl draft logo are copyright of the national football league and in no way are owned by ourlads scouting services llc. this page is intended to provide links to ourlads' draft coverage and is in no way affiliated with the official nfl draft site. for the official site please visit nfl.com.
            

part of usa today sports digital properties.



























