










	home | east cambridge savings bank








  






































skip to main content
















alert message
                    

east cambridge savings bank will be closed on monday, february 17 in observance of presidents' day. digital banking and atms will be available for your banking needs.







fdic-insured—backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. government












help
contact us











































locations
rates
about





                                    online banking login 
			                                






username

please enter a username


password

please enter a password


forgot password?
enroll


business banking login


















personal





checking


kasasa rewards accounts
east cambridge checking
east cambridge access checking




savings


loans


home loans
low down payment options
local homebuying assistance programs
energy efficiency loans
homebuying seminar
calculators
consumer loans
east cambridge credit builder




financial planning


digital banking


sum program




bank services


debit cards


credit cards







business





checking


savings


loans


business loans and lines of credit
commercial & industrial
commercial real estate
construction financing




cash management & merchant services


financial planning


digital banking


sum program




business services


credit cards







community





in the community


community education


charitable foundation


news & events










                                        online banking login 
			                                    






username

please enter a username


password

please enter a username

forgot password?

business banking login






locations
rates
about













help
contact us



1.866.354.ecsb (3272)


























































east cambridge smart saverearn 3.70% apy(annual percentage yield)



on balances up to and including $1,000,0001
new money only




open online









kasasa cash checking*earn 3.75% apy(annual percentage yield)


                            on balances up to and including $30,0001



open online









(annual percentage rate)
heloc 6 month fixed rate: 6.74% apr*

                fixed for the first 6 months with autopay, then variable with prime -0.51% with autopay thereafter.
            

apply now








on dining, take-out and food delivery
make every day more rewarding with 4x points1

                plus, cash in on 15,000 bonus points.2the creditor and issuer of these cards is elan financial services, pursuant to a license from visa u.s.a. inc.











holiday closing

                east cambridge savings bank will be closed on monday, february 17 in observance of presidents' day.digital banking and atms will be available for your banking needs.
            

observed holidays








east cambridge business saver
earn up to 3.70% apy* (annual percentage yield)

                our east cambridge business saver
account is the solid foundation that
will contribute to the overall success
of your business. start building a better financial future today!open an account today at any of our 11 locations.
            

learn more








fast decisions for funding your business needs.
small business express loans

term loans and lines of credit available from $5,000 to $250,000
cash reserve line of credit up to $25,000


apply now








tuesday, february 18, 5:30 - 7:30pm
homebuying seminar 

                in the market for your first home or a new home? learn about residential mortgages from our local experts. 
            

register today








all seminars are from 5:30-7:30pm
finance essentials for small businesses

upcoming score seminars:
february 19 - tax regulations and compliance for small businesses
february 20 - building a start up budget


register today








tuesday, february 18, 9am-4pm
complimentary ira review days

                have questions about iras?get answers to your questions regarding individual retirement accounts (iras)bring in your statements, we will review and make recommendations


register today









mhp one+ mortgage program

                the one+ mortgage program builds on the affordable features of the one mortgage program to deliver affordable financing solutions for low- and moderate-income first-time homebuyers currently residing within 29 massachusetts communities.
            

learn more






personal banking
by constantly investing in the quality of your experience, we’ve developed the ideal alternative to banking at one of those impersonal global behemoths.

learn more




business banking
we partner with our business customers to develop a relationship which invests in their long-term success and that of our local economy.

learn more












nov
25

east cambridge savings bank wins three awards in the banker & tradesman best of 2024

the bank was recognized with awards in community banking and lending. 











jun
10

east cambridge savings bank supports the neighborhood developers with a $20,000 donation

bank supports the chelsea based organization’s spring appeal with a matching gift.











may
30

east cambridge savings bank wins two awards at annual new england financial marketing association (nefma) conference

bank won two gold awards at the new england financial marketing association (nefma) spring conference












east cambridge in the community

                    as a mutual bank, we believe it is our unique privilege to partner with the many organizations and volunteers dedicated to making our community a great place to live, work, and raise a family. since our assets and revenues are invested locally, choosing to bank with east cambridge means choosing to support the communities we all share and call home.
                

check us out on social











































locations
get directions













back to top














east cambridge savings bank

292 cambridge street
cambridge, 
							ma
02141





























                        routing number: 211370419






customer service call center


t: 1.866.354.ecsb (3272)


e: customerservice@ecsb.com

m-f 8:00am - 6:00pm
sat. 8:30am - 1:00pm









resources


careers


security information


locations, hours & directions








member fdic. member dif.
equal housing lender.
nmls id: #441396









                        copyright 2022 east cambridge savings bank. all rights reserved.
                    

diversity statement
privacy policy
disclaimer








 


you are leaving the east cambridge savings bank website. by clicking "continue" below, you will enter a website created, operated and maintained by a private business or organization. east cambridge savings bank provides this link as a service to our website visitors. we are not responsible for the content, views, or privacy policies of this site. we take no responsibility for any products or services offered by this site, nor do we endorse or sponsor the information it contains. the site you requested may or may not be as secure as the east cambridge savings bank website.

would you like to continue?











