




 big bear lake front lodge
































































 



a decrease font size.
a reset font size.
a increase font size.











big bear lake front lodge






hotel information

covid-19 procedures
contact information
frequently asked questions
getting here


accommodations

ada accessibility


facilities & services
sports & recreation
explore area
packages & promotions
book now
 



 












 


big bear lake front lodge
the big bear lakefront lodge is located on the shores of the breathtaking big bear lake. it’s an ideal four season location offering something for everyone no matter what time of the year you visit.
we’ve got it all in big bear.
learn more →
  
reservations
check available dates / book reservations. 



explore big bear
the big bear lakefront lodge is uniquely situated on the lake. being close to all the best of big bear lake makes this an ideal place to stay.
there’s always something to do at and around our beautiful mountain lodge.
learn more →








did you know…
the big bear discovery center is operated cooperatively by the u.s. forest service and san bernardino national forest association. guests visit the center for naturalist-led interpretive programs, evening nature lectures, hiking and camping information and to view the changing exhibits which include everything from native animals to fire prevention.
learn more →


home
ivbmaster
june 8, 2015






 








 

po box 4075
40360 lakeview dr.
big bear lake, ca 92315
phone: 909-866-8271
fax: 909-878-3181
phone hours:7am - 11pm daily
people are saying



anon

you'll be amazed at the fun you can have skiing down a mountain slope. try fishing on a crystal clear...

anon



big bear lake front lodge
 2015-06-08t06:40:18+00:00   anon
 you'll be amazed at the fun you can have skiing down a mountain slope. try fishing on a crystal clear lake in the early morning or relax on our spacious deck overlooking the lake. you'll be amazed at the fun you can have skiing down a mountain slope. try fishing on a crystal clear lake in the early morning or relax on our spacious deck overlooking the lake. you'll be amazed at the fun you can have skiing down a mountain slope. try fishing on a crystal clear lake in the early morning or relax on our spacious deck overlooking the lake.	   https://lakefrontlodge.com/testimonials/anon/ 



0
big bear lake front lodge



gallery 
› view gallery
 connect with us




website accessibility© 2020 copyright big bear lake front lodge all rights reserved.
website maintenance by innovision

 








 

© 2015 u-design 


back to top

 





























