






































    
    kjol | local christian radio for western colorado
  
  


 














          


       home



  about


   our story



  our mission & faith



  meet the staff



  where to listen





  music & programs


   kids programming



  programs by topic



  programming by day



  what was that song?



  accent





  community events



  need prayer?



  the good news!



  support kjol



  helpful links


   area ministries



  local churches



  business  partners



  resources





  contact








      

 
donate









     
  


    
donate

 
listen live








 



      


    



 great music, teaching & more...hear the light!



     now playing:
 







     


good news verse of the day    the word became flesh and made his dwelling among us. we have seen his glory, the glory of the one and only son, who came from the father, full of grace and truth.
john 1:14
   

read the good news




   our programming


   
  


kids programming programming for the young and the young at heart every saturday morning on kjol!    

view programs


 
  


general programming looking for a specific program? browse our list of regularly aired broadcasts.   

programming by day

  

programs by topic ›


 
  


what was that song? looking for a song you just heard? browse a list of recently played songs.   

view song history




     



what's happening now  list of services
   
 take our fast survey
have 30 seconds to spare?  give us your thoughts on individual songs and programs you hear on kjol! our listener pulse survey is over in a heartbeat! thanks for your thoughts.

 answer our latest question




  
 weekend to remember marriage conference
family life today's weekend to remember marriage conference is coming to estes park february 28-march 2nd! whether you are looking to rescue your marriage or simply make it all the better, you will be learning from the best! don't forget to use the group name "radiokjol."  

 for more and to register




  
 have an event?
kjol offers free public service announcements for churches and para-church ministries...just get us the "who, what, when, where, why's" along with contact information in writing. you can send those to:kjol radio1354 e, sherwood dr. grand junction, co 81501

 or email us the details now




  
 get a free bible
"for the word of god is living and active..." -hebrews 4:12need a bible or know someone who does? kjol offers free bibles to the public, while supplies last. we have them in both english and spanish...and even for kids! come on by during business hours and grab a bible...it will change your life!

 directions to kjol




  
 help broadcast the gospel
when you add kjol to your city market value card, you will enable the word of god and gospel of jesus to go out around the western slope and around the world...at no added cost to you! designate kjol the recipient of your city market community rewards today! 

 find instructions here









   
meet the staff


    

dave andrews station manager 
afternoon host
  

zane mathews public affairs director 
morning show& mid-day host
  

kurt neuswanger music director 
afternoon drive host
  

ken andrewsunited ministries vp 
evening praise host


   
  

meet the team




   how can i support kjol? 



   01

donate 
support the ministry of kjol with a one-time or monthly/recurring gift, by donating online, via mail, in person, or by bill pay through your bank. 
 
02

as you shop use your city market value card or amazon smile and designate kjol as the recipient of the proceeds from your everyday shopping!


   
03

partnership whether through matching corporate gifts, business underwriting, or church partnerships, there are a wide variety of ways organizations can support kjol
 
04

volunteer there's more to radio than on-air talent! behind the scenes, we depend on the daily contributions of generous volunteers to keep the station and the events we support running smoothly. 
 
05

pray please consider lifting up the ministry of kjol through your prayer support. like you, we depend on god's daily provision & blessing. our equipment and staff thrive on consistent, prayerful support!


     

learn more




   need prayer? 
the staff at kjol prays daily for the requests of our listeners. submit yours and join us in supporting others' needs in prayer.      

submit prayer request


   

view prayer requests







        

    it's christmas time! welcome the king!


 by dave andrews
•
december 3, 2024

merry christmas friend…i am sure you have noticed we are now in our christmas season of programming here…we have some fantastic christmas music underway, and our christmas specials are a go as of monday the 9th. something else is a go...

 








      

    michael tait leaves the newsboys


 by kurt neuswanger
•
january 23, 2025

michael tait                                               , the lead singer for the                                              newsboys                                               , has                                                           left the group                                              . his announcement came january 16, two days before the band was to start its world tour.                                                                                                                         tait said his decision came after prayer and fasting, saying it came as a shock even to him. he added “although i am nervous about the future, i am excited about what it holds for both myself and the newsboys, as we all seek first his kingdom and his righteousness.”                                                                                                                        adam agee                                               is the                                                           new lead singer                                              . he had previously been the lead singer for the band stellar kart, and then became lead singer for audio adrenaline for two years, until they disbanded. in 2023, agee joined the newsboys on vocals and bass.                                                                                                                         newsboys released a                                                           statement                                                 after tait’s announcement, saying “as he walks into the next season of life, we are stepping into the next season of newsboys. we want you to know that newsboys isn’t going anywhere, we’re going everywhere!”                                                                                                            tait led a revival of the newsboys when he joined 15 years ago, with chart topping albums such as born again and god’s not dead. the first release featuring tait, in 2010, was “                                               one shot                                              ” from the “born again” album.                                                                                                                         after the newsboys performed their first concert on the new tour, agee posted on                                                           instagram                                                           ,                                                                                                                                     “had to step up to the microphone last night.                                              [a reference to a newsboys song                                  ] when we found out a week ago that our leader singer michael tait was leaving the band, we asked ourselves a lot of questions about the future. we got together and worked hard to put on the best show we could last night. i’m excited about the future and everything god has in store for newsboys.”

 















      99.5 
fm
&
620 
am grand valley
91.9 
fm 
montrose94.5 
fm
&
1400 
am 
delta
91.3 
fm 
paonia / 
hotchkiss620 
am 
i-70 corridor


   join our newsletter  newsletter signup
   email




thanks for signing up! oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later
download the
kjol app!    

 





     the good news!



  need prayer?



  kids programming



  programs by topic



  support kjol



  contest rules



  contact






 
  (866) 532-kjol • 
(970) 254 kjol
fcc public inspection files: kjol 
• kjol-fm 
• kjye 
• wbmr
 fcc public inspection file assistance 
or  1 (866) 532-5565
 fcc applications

kjol radio ministries. all rights reserved.
 privacy policy 
| terms of use

site design by monument graphics

homepage video by the world travel guy






   

















































































































  
  share by:













