






medicinal cannabis oil research - cbd oil & hemp oil




































































skip to content















 





 48 nith street, glencarse, uk, ph2 3rz


 079 5693 1815














welcome
endocannabinoid system
cbd capsules
types of strains
about
get in touch




















medicinal cannabis project and research

 


know more
contact us                                                        




























 
the benefits of cbd oil and hemp products
march 14, 2019march 14, 2024
 


the therapeutic and remedial compounds at work in the cannabis plant interact with the human body in a fascinating confluence of better health. the curative properties of cannabis have been serving human need since prehistoric times.
recent archaeological evidence has proven cannabis cultivation was part of early medical culture on the island of taiwan around 8000 bce. other records have shown that cannabis and cannabis-based products formed a staple in traditional viking, ayurvedic, and chinese medical systems as well.
despite an age-old connection humans share with this significant medical herb, it has only been recently that the cannabis family and all their marvelous constituents have been fully examined by modern medical science. nevertheless, the vast quantity of research already conducted on the medical application of cannabis has led to a promising vision of human health in the future. there are also many benefits associated with consuming cbd capsules .
cbd: the mother of herbal supplements 
while they may not have known it, our cannabis-cultivating ancestors were making use of one of the most impressive compounds in the history of medicine and one that has equal import today as it ever has. cannabidiol, or cbd for short, is one of over 100 different compounds that are produced within the cannabis family of plants and are at the forefront of medical discovery today.
cannabinols have a special affinity for the endocannabinoid system present in most vertebrates. while we are still learning more and more about this system and its many functions every day. most experts agree that the endocannabinoid system plays a role in balancing the mood, adjusting the immune response, regulating body temperature, inducing appetite, promoting homeostasis and many other biological processes that allow us to better adapt to our environment.
there are also other cannabinoids with similar benefits such as hhc, which can can fine on hidden cbd and other similar sites.

the endocannabinoid system exists as a series of receptors and locally-produced chemical communicators that monitor and adjust biological conditions around the human body. this is where cbd oil and hemp substances come into the picture. visit https://cbdoilhemp.ie/ to learn more about the products available on the market today.
cbd is structurally similar to the chemical communicators used by the endocannabinoid system and thus is able to engage endocannabinoid receptors and promote their functions. because, the endocannabinoids affects a variety of biological processes this effect can be especially pervasive.
cbd oil and hemp products for better health 
cbd is not psychoactive 
when considering cbd and hemp related treatments, many people today are apprehensive due to the considerable infamy surrounding the psychoactive effects described by the marijuana culture. it is important to understand the difference between the cannabinoids to make the most of your herbal treatments and not endure any mind-bending trips.
the effects of your herbal treatment will depend on which side of the cannabis family they come from.
marijuana vs. hemp 
marijuana is the term for the classification of cannabis plants cultivated for a signature psychoactive effect that can be experienced very differently from person to person. this effects is caused by another cannabinoid called tetrahydrocannabinol, or thc. this cannabinol engages the endocannabinoid system abruptly and tends to throw things slightly of kilter, which can cause a feeling of euphoria, anxiety, deep relaxation, etc.

cannabidiol has an almost opposite effect and actually attenuates the effects of thc. for this reason, a second classification of cannabis crops are cultivated for medicinal content. hemp is the cannabis plant cultivated for therapeutic value and a host of the useful properties from the production of eco-friendly paper and textiles to construction materials.
cbd oils are high concentrations of these beneficial cannabinols and contain none of the mind-bending effects that can be found with marijuana-derived products. furthermore, health products containing healthy hemp derivatives are now available in a variety of forms each with specific advantages for better health.
as today’s health enthusiasts look for beneficial alternatives to pharmaceuticals laced with harsh side effects, hemp-derived health products have taken center stage. in the following section we will take a look at some of the proven benefits associated with this exciting herbal treatment.
top benefits from cbd oil and hemp health products 
because the endocannabinoid system plays an important role in immune function, digestive health, pain & inflammatory responses as well as mood and general well-being, cannabidiol has been found effective in addressing a wide variety of human conditions.
1.  digestive aid 
a healthy appetite and diet plan stands as a central pillar in the edifice of better health. modern lifestyles demand convenience and feeding habits are often the hardest hit when times is short and deadlines fast-approaching. sickness and high-stress levels can also dampen the appetite and lead to unhealthy eating.
cbd tinctures and other products have been found effective at improving the appetite and contributing to the enjoyment of a good meal. the power of this herbal treatment has ever restored the appetite in patients undergoing the rigors of chemotherapy.
2.  pain relief 
aches, pains and discomforts have been effectively treated with cannabis since the dawn of time. it is common in this age of modern medicine to reach for an effective pharmaceutical in addressing a painful condition, but this can have side effects in the long run. those suffering from chronic pains and inflammatory conditions can find effective pain-relief is not easy to come by.
cbd products offer effective relief to addressing both chronic and acute pains and discomforts and have no side effects. furthermore, this treatment method is sustainable and will not require progressively higher dosages as time goes by.

3.  relief and resistance to anxiety and panic attacks 
panic and anxiety conditions are the plague of our modern civilization and can be effectively addressed through cbd treatments. studies have found that vaping cbd can reduce the nervousness that accompanies public speaking and restore mental acuity as well.
4.  sleep enhancer 
the connection between a better nights rest and cbd treatments has not been properly identified. nevertheless, anecdotal evidence suggests that cbd treatment leads to a higher chance of quality restful sleep. this could be due to its relaxing and pain relieving effects that allow for a better transition from the pressures of day to the relaxation of rest schedules.
final notes on cbd oil and hemp products 
when seeking any alternative medication for treating anxiety, pain, inflammation or any other condition, a professional medical opinion is a good place to start. not only will qualified doctor’s opinion protect you from any adverse outcomes, but their enlightened perspective can lead you to the best solution to your needs.

 
pros and cons to using cbd vape pens
march 14, 2019november 21, 2023
 


cannabis e-liquid, also known as cbd vape juice, is still a controversial formula to use; however, it is considered a convenient way to consume cbd.  the beneficial aspect of vaping cbd liquid is that it does not produce a hallucinogenic effect and can deliver the medicinal properties of marijuana.  unfortunately, as with all things in life, vaping cbd juice does present with certain drawbacks such as addiction.  this article will provide information on the various pros and cons to using cbd vape pens.
according to ivape, most cbd vape pens are a copy of the original e-cigarettes that were first crated for vaping nicotine as a tobacco alternative.
what are the different benefits to the vape pen? 
#1:  the health benefits 
cbd is most well-known for the medicinal benefits from its marijuana components.  research has shown that this product can reduce pain suffered by patients with degenerative diseases, arthritis, and even some types of cancer.  moreover, cbd oil can assist with alleviating the effects of anxiety, depression, and stress.  one way of consuming cbd oil is by using cbd vape pens as this is a faster alternative with high bio-availability.
#2:  fast absorbing liquid 
another popular reason why cbd liquid has increased in popularity is the effects felt after consumption.  after the oil has been used in a vape pen, the individual will begin to feel its effects almost immediately.  typically, these effects include a feeling of relaxation and calm throughout the body.  the substance is also sent to the lungs and absorbed into the bloodstream, instead of being distributed through the digestive system.  when in the bloodstream, the user begins to experience the effects of cbd and the quick absorption can reduce pain or anxiety attacks.

#3:  convenient and discreet 
one of the greatest advantages of using a cbd vape pen is discretion and convenience.  as the device is portable, you can inhale the juice at any location in almost all areas.  all you need is a vape pen and vape juice to enjoy the act of vaping.  moreover, based on the increased popularity of vaping, people are unlikely to question the type of substance being inhaled and why you are using it.
it should also be noted that vaping cbd liquid does not produce any strong odours, unlike the traditional marijuana cigarette.  electronic cigarettes use a vapour without any associated smoke.  while most people choose to vape indoors, it is essential that you check the state law regarding illegal vaping in public places.

what are the different drawbacks to using a cbd vape pen? 
#1:  the health risks 
just as there are health benefits to vaping cbd oil, it is important to be cautious regarding the amount of liquid being vaped at a single time.  if you have a pre-existing health condition, particularly a respiratory condition, inhaling cbd oil can result in coughing and nausea.  this is particularly true in cases where a person over-inhales the liquid.
a further risk includes the use of thinning agents in different types of cbd oils.  the extract of cbd oil is often too thick for vaporisers, so thinning agents are used to thin the formula.  the most common agents are polyethylene glycol and propylene glycol, and when they reach high temperatures the thinners break down into carcinogenic compounds.  the research found that vaping even small amounts of these compounds can result in respiratory complications, including asthma and allergic reactions.

#2:  addiction to cbd vaping 
while doctors and researchers have noted cbd oils as not having addictive qualities, as well as being used to cure addiction, the cbd vaping act is an addictive behaviour.  research has found that the majority of users will become preoccupied with the act as it is convenient, discrete and simpler than traditional smoking methods.
final words 
as can be seen, there are several benefits and disadvantages to using cbd vape pens. ranging from an addiction to cbd vaping to health benefits, it is important to perform research and determine if this is the best option for your needs.

 
cbd oil in the uk – your ultimate guide
march 12, 2019
 


if you have recently heard about the impressive benefits that cbd oil can offer you, then you may be interested in trying some for yourself. in fact, cbd oil by cbdlife uk is becoming even more popular over recent months, after many news articles have highlighted the fantastic benefits that it is capable of providing.
in this guide, we’re going to take a closer look at a few of the main advantages and reasons why you should want to consider using cbd oil in the uk, and we will also focus on a few of the different places where you may be able to buy it without any hassle at all. keeping this in mind, let’s begin discussing the benefits.
the relief of depression and anxiety 
there’s no denying that the prevalence of both depression and anxiety is on the rise in the modern world, and this means that there is never a shortage of demand for solutions that are cost-effective, healthy, and actually work.
fortunately, there are numerous studies which show that cannabidiol, in particular, can help to relieve symptoms of anxiety and depression without any of the usual side effects associated with prescription medication. furthermore, cbd oil isn’t addictive in any shape or form, so this can really make a difference to people who have been stuck with prescription medications that ultimately have more drawbacks than advantages to offer.

 
impressive pain relief 
while many prescription-based pain relief medicines can work fantastic for pain, they can also be highly addictive and cause more problems for people in the long run. again, one of the hidden advantages of cbd oil is the fact that it doesn’t have any addictive potential, which means its ability to relieve pain can make it the superior choice when compared to prescription-based opioids and the like.
interestingly, there are studies that show cbd oil is able to reduce the symptoms of chronic pain, as well as reduce signs of inflammation, which is great news for anybody who are suffering from these kinds of conditions such as arthritis, nerve pain, or practically any form of inflammation in the body.
relieve cancer-related symptoms 
pain is often an aspect of cancer, but chemotherapy itself can also cause a range of nausea-based symptoms which can be so debilitating and paralysing that people may opt to avoid chemotherapy altogether.
fortunately, cbd oil has been shown to have an impressive impact on the ability to reduce nausea, which is fantastic news for people who are undergoing chemotherapy. while the studies may be somewhat limited at the time of writing, there are a handful of trials which show that cbd oil, when administered correctly and it the right doses, can help to relieve some of these unpleasant nausea symptoms and reduce the likelihood of vomiting, too.

it may reduce acne 
for anybody who’s suffering from acne, the painful symptoms can be all-too-familiar. what’s worse, many treatments can be far too harsh on the skin, causing further inflammation and skin care issues in the long run. however, cbd oil has been shown to reduce the underlying inflammation which can cause acne in the first place, so it may go some way toward easing the pain and discomfort that’s associated with this skin condition.
cbd oil in the uk 
now that you are aware of the unique benefits that cbd oil has to offer, you may be curious to learn where you can actually buy some.
fortunately, cbd oil is completely legal in the uk, just as long as it has a thc content that is less than 0.2 percent. of course, many of the leading brands make sure that their products are below this level so they are entirely legal to buy, and the products are even available on the high street stores these days.
for example, the popular health store known as holland and barrett have recently introduced a line of cbd oil in the uk, and it tends to receive great reviews from people who have tried it, particularly if they have pain or anxiety.
in addition to this, there are many popular cbd oil retailers online who will be able to offer you high-grade cbd oil at a reasonable price.
one particular company, known as cbdlife, has received rave reviews from many people who have given it a try, and it is often recommended as a reliable first-time option by experts on websites like reddit. however, there’s no denying that there are many other excellent sources of cbd in the uk, so if you search online and ask the experts, you will definitely be able to find a reliable source of cbd oil that won’t let you down.
it’s important to keep in mind that not every source of cbd oil is the same quality, so reading reviews will go a long way towards making sure you’re picking an option that is reliable for you. also, it’s worth paying attention to the percentage of cbd that is in the oil, as some of the cheaper products may not be as effective as the more expensive ones.

perhaps one of the only real drawbacks to using cbd oil in the uk is the somewhat prohibitive cost that quality oil can have. however, most people find that if they try a small sample at first, they soon have a better idea of whether it is giving them the benefits they looking for. once you realise that it has the power to help you with any particular issue you are having, then you’ll see that it’s worth stocking up on some quality cbd oil, as even though it is expensive, it should last for a long time if you are careful with its use.
in most cases, just a few drops of cbd oil under the tongue will give you results you want in anywhere between 20 minutes and one hour, and you will know whether it is having the desired effect for you.
now that you have read this guide, you should have a better idea about whether cbd oil is something you’d like to try, and hopefully, you’ll experience the impressive benefits that many other people have already managed to achieve.

 
understanding the role of the endocannabinoid system in human health
february 21, 2019february 21, 2019
 

 

there are eleven bodily systems that are well-understood and are generally considered a part of every student’s science education:
the circulatory system
the respiratory system
the reproductive system
the urinary system
the digestive system
the muscular system
the skeletal system
the endocrine system
the lymphatic system
the integumentary system
the nervous system
 
all of these systems play critical roles in the function and health of the human body. they’re well-understood even by individuals who have simply taken compulsory science classes in school. one system that you may not have heard about, and still remains mystifying to many people today, is the endocannabinoid system.
what is the purpose of the endocannabinoid system?
it wasn’t until scientific minds threw their hats in the ring to understand the medical benefits of cannabis that the purpose of the endocannabinoid system started to become clearer. in fact, the ecs wasn’t even discovered until the 1990s, by dr. la matsuda. his discovery changed the way that we look at the internal functions of the human body – as well as the role that cannabinoids (components of the cannabis plant) can play in human health.
that having been said, there is still a lot that science doesn’t know for sure about the ecs. what has been established is the fact that this system sort of “fine-tunes” many of an animal’s (including humans) physiological functions. it helps to promote homeostasis that aids in sleep, pain management, appetite, inflammation, memory and mood. there have even been links to the ecs and reproduction.
interesting facts about the endocannabinoid system
every vertebrate and invertebrate possess an endocannabinoid system.
there are more neuromodulatory receptors in the endocannabinoid system than anywhere else in the body. in the human brain alone, the naturally-occurring cannabinoid anandamide has the most receptors in the brain. it’s essential for healthy brain function.
ecs activity changes as a result of certain diseases. rheumatoid arthritis and many neurodegenerative disorders have been shown to impact the activity of the ecs. this suggests that the endocannabinoid system makes for a great target in the potential treatment of these maladies.
because the endocannabinoid system is integral to so many functions of the body and in bringing overall balance to human life, the cannabinoids found in the cannabis plant serve many health functions. prior to cannabis prohibition, humans used cannabis to treat any number of pains and illnesses as they occurred in their lives.
the discovery of the ecs has laid the foundation for the argument in favor of medical cannabis legalization, which has the potential to transform the way humans view medicine and the human body overall. as we learn more about the role of the endocannabinoid system in human health, we can expect to see a lot more research come into the mainstream regarding the medical effects of cannabis.

 
medicinal cannabis 101: identifying types of strains
february 2, 2019april 16, 2019
 

 

if you’re a patient who lives in an area where medicinal cannabis is legalized for purchase and consumption, the options that are laid out before you can seem overwhelming at first. you want to know which strains of the cannabis plant will be most effective for you, as well as what you can expect when you use it. in this brief guide, we will explain the three different strain types (indica, sativa and hybrid) so that you can make a more informed choice.

indica strains
indica plants, aka cannabis indica, are shorter plants with wider leaves than sativa plants. their buds also tend to be significantly denser, and within those buds exists compounds that facilitate relaxation. you might have heard the term “body high,” which refers to the physical sensations accompanying the use of the plant rather than the mental ones.
indica strains are often best enjoyed at nighttime due to their relaxing properties, similar to cbd oil. they are often recommended to sufferers of anxiety, insomnia, seizures, chronic pain and nausea. those who can legally grow their own cannabis plants but need to do so indoors tend to prefer growing indica strains due to their shorter stature.
sativa strains
cannabis sativa is generally higher in thc, the psychoactive component of cannabis that gets you high, than cannabis indica. these plants are taller, with thinner and brighter green leaves. strains made from a sativa plant are widely reviewed as being more energizing with a stronger “head high” than a “body high.” the effects of cannabis sativa is widely debated, but this seems to be one thing that the court of public opinion can agree on.
for those who wish to grow their cannabis indoors, cannabis sativa might not be a great choice. the plants, when fully matured and ready for harvest, can grow to be twenty feet tall! that’s quite a strong demand for space.
hybrid strains
a combination of the benefits of both sativa and indica strains are present, in varying degrees, in hybrid strains. there are many different hybrid strains available to medicinal cannabis patients, with some containing more elements of an indica and some baring a stronger resemblance to a sativa strain. there are many strains that are more of a 50/50 split between the two other strain types.
while this is a very brief overlook on the subject, this guide should give you the information that you need to ask the right questions when you visit the dispensary next.




















 
phone: 079 5693 1815
48 nth street, glencarse,
uk, ph2 3rz

 


site pageswelcome
endocannabinoid system
cbd capsules
types of strains
about
get in touch
 



legal pagesterms
dmca
privacy
cookie privacy policy
 



follow us



pinterest





twitter





instagram




 








copyright text |
					 developed & design by amplethemes  













