


home - santa clara valley watercolor society

























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twittermember loginmenuhomeabout about scvws membership benefits contact scvws event calendar board & committees community outreachworkshops workshops workshops calendarpaintsites paintsites paintsites calendar galleries member signupexhibits current pastinstagram challenge current challenge past challenges











background image url
//s3.amazonaws.com/clubexpressclubfiles/386042/graphics/blue_paint_swipe_1800x458_826396090.png





welcome to santa clara valley watercolor society

join now












"buongiorno firenze!" by peter carey - 1st place - 56th annual members show
about
santa clara valley watercolor society is a lively arts community based in and around the bay area in california. we offer a variety of art-related activities, including workshops & demos, exhibiting opportunities, plein-air painting, and other special events for members and the general public.
 
learn about us
join us

the society currently enjoys the participation of over 300 members from the greater bay area region and elsewhere in the united states.  membership has many great benefits.  read more..
become a member

monthly newsletter

the newsletter is published toward the end of each month.                                                                                           


february newsletter

member & paintsites photo galleries 


view
new! paintbrush pals member meetups                                                            read more..... & rsvp now  
 


paintsites

scvws offers its members the opportunity to paint and/or sketch at outdoor sites in beautiful settings that have been researched for accessibility to encourage participation by all members.  as a group, we visit sites all over the bay area and sometimes include a "hike and sketch", which is optional.  it's a wonderful way to get out and enjoy nature, meet other members and improve your plein aire painting skills.  read more about it and check out our current paintsites.



see current paintsites






at right: "pumpkins" by anne foster

students having fun in the 2025 ellen howard workshop

workshops & demonstrations
scvws sponsors workshops, demonstrations, educational classes and tutorials throughout the year by world class instructors. we welcome members and non-members to participate.  we offer members a reduced price, so if you are not a member, join now!



next free zoom demo - april 6th @ 12:30 pm (pdt)
artist, teresa kirk (link will be available on the day of the demo)  


see current workshops

see past demos
join us
by becoming a member, you will receive a $50 discount on all workshops, just one of many benefits our membership receives.  see the complete list of membership benefits
 
become a member

 

current exhibits: 
 
members 57th annual juried show


"playing with light"
april 1 - 29, 2025
entry deadline: march 15

location: addison-penzack jcc

juror: david savellano   website
prospectus      

enter now!






upcoming eventscoming soonshare this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twitter



home   |   
	
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









