



 hazards magazine




























        become our friend 
make a one-off donation


        become our friend 
make a monthly donation


        become our friend 
make a yearly donation

close 



read about our urgent financial appeal 




last gasp
will hse finally act to prevent britain's breathtaking silica tragedy?wassam is dead at 28. marek, confined to a hospital bed, knows he is destined to follow soon. a coroner has demanded that the health and safety executive (hse) responds to a silica crisis killing uk workers faster and younger. hazards questions when hse will act to end the silica dust exposures that are turning lungs to stone. 
hazards number 167,  2024
growing pains
labour should abandon britain’s red tape obsessionremoving conservative anti-union laws, extending employment  rights. it was a good start from keir starmer and the new labour government.  but hazards warns that the prime minister’s promises  to do away with red tape in the pursuit of growth could dangerously undermine  workers’ rights and safety. 
hazards number 167,  2024
taking the biscuit
dave smith’s guide to organising | no.26 | acting collectively and winning when management won’t budge, the most effective way to  achieve improvements in workplace health and safety is for workers to act  collectively rather than relying on one or two vocal individuals.  
hazards number 167,  2024
stop it!
sexual harassment law offers protection but falls short on enforcementa new law gives women protection from harassment at work. it  places for the first time a proactive duty on employers to prevent abuse. but hazards warns the responsible regulator, ehrc, can’t undertake preventive  inspections and hse has stepped back, and now says it will do absolutely  nothing to help the women at risk.
hazards number 167,  2024
the asbestos pushers
asbestos manufacturers sue indonesia’s ban campaigners the decision was clear. the indonesia supreme court gave its backing to campaigners who had argued deadly asbestos cement products must come with a warning label. but instead of accepting the decision, the asbestos industry decided on a different tack – suing the groups who brought the case for £400,000 a month for lost income. 
hazards number 167,  2024 
hazards  poster: growing pains
it is your choice sir keir. red tape or more bloody bandages?regulation doesn't hurt responsible businesses. but it does protect workers. 
  a hazards  pin-up-at-work poster
      hazards 167 full contents





                         
                       

                          see the archive  rss 2.0    français 
                        get our health and safety news direct 
                      to your website 

more hazards 
                      news 


 
 






 
 




seen 'work cancer hazards'?
    a continually-updated, annotated bibliography of occupational cancer research has been created by hazards, the alliance for cancer prevention and the international trade union confederation (ituc).
find out more






organising 101 dave smith's guide to organising 





    silica action!


send  an e-postcard to hse demanding it introduce a more protective silica standard  no higher than 0.05mg/m³ and with a phased move to 0.025mg/m³.





we want more! 
    if you like what we have to say, then ‘like’ our  we love red tape facebook page spelling out our blueprint for a bigger, better health and safety executive (hse). 










deadly business
    a hazards special investigation
the                     decimation of britain's industrial base was supposed to have one                     obvious upside - an end to dirty and deadly jobs. 
in                     the 'deadly business' series, hazards reveals how a hands                     off approach to safety regulation means workers continue to die                     in preventable 'accidents' at work.
meanwhile,                     an absence of oversight means old industrial diseases are still                     affecting millions, and modern jobs are creating a bloodless epidemic                                         of workplace diseases - from 'popcorn lung' to work related suicide.     find out                       more
 






 



 




 














