





jlc international




































































 











		skip to content

 














 
+1 (800)-599-4732















instrumentation for industry















 










 
home
about us
products 










flowmeters 



 




 

beverage flowmeters








 

low flow








 

pelton wheel








 

low cost pvdf








 

low cost stainless steel








 

turbine








 

high viscosity





 



air velocity 



 




 

air industrial








 

air hvac





 







ultrasonic flowmeters 



 




 

inline atrato





 



dewpoint 



 




 

inline meters








 

transmitters








 

portable





 



carbon dioxide 



 




 

carbon transmitters





 







humidity / temperature 



 




 

industrial








 

hvac








 

oem probes








 

sensors & modules








 

wireless transmitters








 

calibrator








 

data logger





 



 




 

multi instrument





 







moisture in oil 



 




 

remote / inline








 

oem compact inline








 

intrinsically safe








 

handheld





 



 




 

news and updates





 



handheld 







 







archive
contact us
x
 




 
 








 




 










 





 











 


 previous slide


 next slide















measurement of physical quantities 










 
flow of liquid & gas



 
humidity



 
dewpoint



 
air velocity



 
carbon dioxide












 

















industrial flow meters & more… 
jlc international is a flow meter supplier and dynamic master distributor for many prestigious european instrument manufacturers. we provide instrumentation for control and measurement in all types of industries. we supply many different industrial flowmeters, but also instrumentation to measure:

 







 
humidity





 
dewpoint





 
air velocity





 
carbon dioxide







all instrumentation carries the ce marking: a marking that’s not only mandatory for all european manufacturers, but a guarantee for quality. 











our flowmeters 
our industrial flowmeters, like axial and radial turbine flowmeters, are all carrying the logos of several renowned european manufacturers. in addition, jlc international is also a flow meter supplier of positive displacement flowmeters for high viscosity and extreme low flows. the different types of industrial flow meters are used in many applications for different industries, such as:

 










 
chemical



 
petro-chemical



 
energy













 
research



 
space and aircraft



 
pharmaceutical













 
water and sewage treatment



 
beverage and liquor dispensing



 
and more










the material used depends on the chemical compatibility, but standards are: 










 
stainless steel



 
aluminum



 
peek













 
pvdf



 
pp



 
teflon










although, the use of borosilicate glass, titanium, and hastelloy are no exception.exceptional flowmeters are the inline ultrasonic flowmeters atrato series 700, allowing for extreme low flow measurement at constant high accuracy over the whole range. these low flow meters are equipped with a selectable analogue output, two pulse, a hard-wired relay output, and optional display. it is the most versatile extreme low flow flowmeter on the market today. 











jlc international industrial flow meters 







over the years, jlc international has emerged as one of the leaders in the industry and a trusted flow meter distributor. we are one of the first to provide european flow measurement and instrumentation devices to many industries. our website contains a plethora of information on our product pages.  to learn more about our high-quality industrial flowmeters, or any of the other products we distribute, please browse our site or fill out a contact form, and someone will be in touch with you shortly. 











 


				ultrasonic inline flowmeter atrato			
 

 


				oval gear flowmeters			
 

 


				carbon dioxide (co2) transmitters			
 

 


				air velocity instruments			
 

 


				portable dewpoint meters			
 

 


				shaw inline dewpoint transmitters			
 

 


				shaw dewpoint meter superdew 3			
 

 


				clamp-on ultrasonic flow meter			
 

 


				humidity sensors			
 

 


				hvac humidity / temperature transmitters			
 

 


				wireless rh /t / co2 transmitters			
 

 


				industrial humidity transmitters			
 




















our partners 







 







 









 









 









 









 








 










 



 






contact us  






 
+1 (800)-599-4732



 
+1 (215)-340-3670



 
info@jlcinternational.com



 
958 town center, new britain, pa 18901, united states










quick links 










home




archive




contact us




sitemap




engineering information




news and  updates




international humidity transmitters




hvac humidity transmitters




humidity and oem configurations




inline dew-point meters




portable dew-point meters














dewpoint transmitters




carbon dioxide transmitters




air velocity instrumentation




low and extreme low flowmeters




high viscosity oval gear flowmeters




gas and liquid turbine flowmeters




ultrasonic flowmeters




beverage flowmeters for wine, beer and spirits 




inline atrato




air velocity / temperature transmitters 















subscribe now 



									don’t miss our future updates! subscribe today!								



please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form. 
email address


email address *subscribe  











©2025. jlc international. all rights reserved. 







 




privacy policy








terms and conditions





 






 









 scroll to top
























































