







unixguide.net















skip to main content








unixguide.net

















navigation

forums
recent content
 




search form

search 





 











recent comments

    no comments available.  


new forum topics

джанна майклс милые фото
чип тюнинг nissan сервис красное гомель
кура бройлер лучшие картинки
стиль одежды как у хакамады картинки
бежево пепельный цвет волос красивые фото
more 


user login


username *



password *


create new account
request new password


captchathis question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.



 














tweet

  




unixguide

unixguide.net ( aix, freebsd, hp-ux, linux, solaris & tru64)

 © 2000 unixguide.net, all rights reserved. hermelito go 
 
» read more about unixguide
log in or register to post comments



openldap: allow users to change their password with the unix passwd command.

if you run into this ldap error below, this is the correct way to fix it.
 

[litogo@sge4 ~]$ passwd
changing password for user litogo.
(current) ldap password:
new password:
retype new password:
password change failed: insufficient access
passwd: authentication token manipulation error 
the issue here is that ldap server is not allowing the user password to be changed without the ldap manager's credential.
you need to add an acl to allow this password change by the user. 
» read more about openldap: allow users to change their password with the unix passwd command.
log in or register to post comments



ovmcli: oracle vm manager command line interface

ovmcli: oracle vm manager command line interface
 
oracle virtual machine manager (ovmm) is an excellent tool.  it's a gui that can help you get your system up and running.
since it's a gui you can't use it to automate your environment.  the ovm command line interface is there to address that issue.
in a nutshell it's just shell that you use to communicate with the ovmm. you connect to it by ssh on port 10000 with the ovmm server. 
» read more about ovmcli: oracle vm manager command line interface
log in or register to post comments



chef workstation and client installation

first we install chef development kit package. 
» read more about chef workstation and client installation
log in or register to post comments



why my stop script is not being executed?

i recently got a question on why his linux script is not executed when the system is rebooted or shutdown.
the script runs fine when run manually.
# service cleanscript stop
cleanscript:  cleaning up the directory!

my quick response was maybe your script is not configured correctly for systemd. upon further inspection the 
server is running a redhat 6 update 10 os. this was still using the old init scripts.
here is the script in question. 
» read more about why my stop script is not being executed?
log in or register to post comments



chef server installation

i wrote this study notes in the point of view of a system administrator on what to expect and any issues that can trip up your installation.
the original standallone installation instruction can be found at https://docs.chef.io/install_server.html
 
server checks and preparations.
 
first thing to check is the if the ports http (80) and https (443) are open.
if not then enable the ports for access. 
» read more about chef server installation
log in or register to post comments



running mysql in a docker container.

first thing we do is to pull the mysql image and then inspect it and look for the volume location.
[root@centos7 ~]# docker pull mysql
using default tag: latest
latest: pulling from library/mysql
be8881be8156: already exists
c3995dabd1d7: pull complete
9931fdda3586: pull complete
bb1b6b6eff6a: pull complete
a65f125fa718: pull complete
2d9f8dd09be2: pull complete
37b912cb2afe: pull complete
54242fcd8eaa: pull complete
0a9d4d211511: pull complete
270ae5bd02c2: pull complete
9b55b8e72e70: pull complete
68083f7985cd: pull complete
digest: sha256:d39a8ab7679df309e7eff6ddba434ad5747cc2a2acee2d7c60d8221c9acedcad
status: downloaded newer image for mysql:latest
 
» read more about running mysql in a docker container.
log in or register to post comments



solaris:  could not obtain address of ai server from dhcp server

error:  could not obtain address of ai server from dhcp server
when you are running an oracle vm or virtualbox you may encounter the error above.
as a work around you will need to assign a fixed address to this dhcp address.
 
edit  the file /etc/inet/dhcpd4.conf  and add the line fixed-address.
here is an example below: 
» read more about solaris:  could not obtain address of ai server from dhcp server
log in or register to post comments



oracle virtual server manager 3.4.5: database reset

oracle virtual server manager 3.4.5:  database reset
(this comman should work with ovmm 3.3 and above)
[root@oel75 ~]# service ovmm stop
stopping ovmm (via systemctl):                             [  ok  ]
[root@oel75 ~]# service ovmcli stop
stopping ovmcli (via systemctl):                           [  ok  ]
change password with your ovmm password. 
» read more about oracle virtual server manager 3.4.5: database reset
log in or register to post comments



linux: do not power off when laptop lid is closed

 

if you want to configure your laptop running any of the rhel 7 derivatives (oel,centos, etc) not to suspend the running os when you close the laptop lid.

edit the file /etc/systemd/logind.conf and set handlelidswitch=ignore. 
» read more about linux: do not power off when laptop lid is closed
log in or register to post comments


pages1
2
3
4
next ›
last »
 


 












