



newstips - resonating with the press

























































home of theworld-famousnewstips bulletin

































let's simplify
the newstips bulletin is a 30-year-old offline (not online) weekly publication for journalists.through it and other offerings, newstips sponsoring clients get consequential help.
all newstips bulletin readers are journalists - only journalists - as has always been the case. we cover products and trends that can impact personal productivity in an office, home or mobile workspace. there's a lot of coverage of consumer electronics, computer electronics, mobile, photo/video, office products and so on. we also address building and maintaining gear and new technologies. and since they've become so widespread a presence in so many workplaces, in late 2011 we began also including gun products in our coverage.
if you are a journalist you can subscribe for free. there's more info here about how to do that and why you may want to.if you are with a pr agency or a vendor you may be checking us out because of an editorial call or a review request. here's what you most want to know: since all of our readers are journalists and many of them are with major media, there are two sides to our circulation: we only reach a couple thousand but our readers reach more than 100 million. (in october 2011, about a dozen of our readers followed up on a product we covered and that resulted in exposure to more than 100 million people; that number is neither theoretical nor an overstatement). there are no links to what we publish but we will send you a pdf of any issue in which we review a product you get to us. there is no fee for running reviews. after a review, you can instruct us either to keep, discard or donate a product or to return it, but we will not pay return shipping costs.if you are a vendor and want to discuss our help in getting more coverage for your product (we are not a pr agency and we are not talking about advertising) then let's make it a conversation. beyond exposure we can in many cases help line up private-label partners or brick & mortar retail relationships or domestic manufacturing alternatives. there may be a lot to talk about. we also maintain disclosure of our standard terms and fees here. 














(c) copyright 2012 martin winston and twandacorp - all rights reserved.










[home] [for press] [for vendors] [contact us] [privacy]









