



welcome to nyc.gov | city of new york


















                  




























visiting nyc? find events, attractions, deals, and more at nyctourism.com 



skip main navigation





menu


the official website of the city of new york













text size

















searchsearch









primary navigation


the official website of nyc 


home


nyc resources 


nyc311


office of the mayor


events 


connect 


jobs 









search




































today


nov28







more









nyc logo



mayor adams, dep, hpd, and parks announce next steps on development that will provide hundreds of critically-needed affordable housing units, develop state-of-the-art recreation center





									related links:
								


request for proposals outline bold, multi-agency vision to transform   underutilized site in hudson square neighborhood into mixed-use development 


announced in mayor adams' fourth state of the city address, project part of ambitious "manhattan plan" that will add 100,000 new homes in borough over next decade







new york city seal on blue background



statement from mayor adams
feb 14, 2025-statement from mayor adams



									related links:
								


statement from mayor adams







nyc logo



mayor adams, chancellor aviles-ramos announce increased outreach efforts to support families in accessing early childhood education opportunities





									related links:
								


part of administration and city council's historic $100 million plan, effort focuses on outreach to communities with historically-low application rates for early childhood education programs







new york city seal



mayor adams announces closure of six more emergency asylum seeker sites, end of tent-based sheltering sites with closure of creedmoor humanitarian emergency response and relief center





									related links:
								


adams administration's asylum seeker management strategies and border policy advocacy have helped lead to over seven months of shelter census decreases, total savings reaching $5.2 billion over three fiscal years








mayor eric adams delivers remarks at m/wbe awards celebration







nyc logo



mayor adams' statement following meeting with border czar tom homan





									related links:
								


new york city mayor eric adams today released the following statement after meeting with "border czar" tom homan earlier today










mayor adams announces back-to-back record-breaking years creating affordable, supportive housing in 



				feb
			 13, 2025-new york city mayor adams announces back-to-back record-breaking years creating affordable, supportive housing in calendar year 2024
								read more
							




									related links:
								


record-breaking years highlight adams administration delivering  critically-needed housing as city faces generational housing crisis 


back-to-back record years from hpd on supportive housing,  housing for formerly homeless, and senior housing 







nyc logo



mayor adams announces city health department precautions after birds test positive for bird flu
feb 12, 2025-new york city mayor eric adams today announced additional steps new york city is taking after birds in the city tested positive for h5n1



									related links:
								


no person in new york state has tested positive for bird flu 


current risk of h5n1 to new yorkers remains low 


city health department providing support for exposed live bird market staff 







previous


next



















today


  


























311 resources







benefits & support





business & consumers





courts & law





culture & recreation





education





employment





environment





government & elections





health





housing & buildings





noise





pets, pests & wildlife





public safety





records





sidewalks, streets, highways





taxes





transportation





trash & recycling





a to z





about 311





get the nyc311 app







report problems




look up service requests




make payments





nyc mayor's office




watch now
watch nyc mayor's office on youtube
                            

                                view videos
                            




































nyc programs & initiatives
view all








2025 charter revision commission

nyc is revising its charter—and you can participate! find a public meeting near you or join online. 


nyc is revising its charter—and you can participate! find a public meeting near you or join online. 


nyc is revising its charter—and you can participate! find a public meeting near you or join online. 









nyc just got easier with mycity

explore, access, and manage child care, career, and business services.


explore, access, and manage child care, career, and business services.


explore, access, and manage child care, career, and business services.









updated covid-19 and flu vaccines

the 2024-2025 covid-19 and flu vaccines are available in nyc. find a vaccination site near you.


the 2024-2025 covid-19 and flu vaccines are available in nyc. find a vaccination site near you.


the 2024-2025 covid-19 and flu vaccines are available in nyc. find a vaccination site near you.









change of party enrollment

february 14, 2025, is the last day to accept a change of party enrollment for the primary election.



february 14, 2025, is the last day to accept a change of party enrollment for the primary election.



february 14, 2025, is the last day to accept a change of party enrollment for the primary election.






				view all
			





nyc broadway week, jan 21 - feb 9

2-for-1 tickets to broadway’s most spectacular shows are on sale at nyctourism.com/broadway-week.


2-for-1 tickets to broadway’s most spectacular shows are on sale at nyctourism.com/broadway-week.


2-for-1 tickets to broadway’s most spectacular shows are on sale at nyctourism.com/broadway-week.









nyc hotel week, january 2-february 9

25% off a great selection of the most celebrated hotels at nyctourism.com/nyc-hotel-week.


25% off a great selection of the most celebrated hotels at nyctourism.com/nyc-hotel-week.


25% off a great selection of the most celebrated hotels at nyctourism.com/nyc-hotel-week.









become a lifeguard

ready to accept the challenge? qualifying tests start this winter for summer 2025.


ready to accept the challenge? qualifying tests start this winter for summer 2025.


ready to accept the challenge? qualifying tests start this winter for summer 2025.









access nyc portal

visit the online public benefits screening and application tool.


visit the online public benefits screening and application tool.


visit the online public benefits screening and application tool.





















find local events

see all eventsshow filters





date








boroughselect a boroughbronxbrooklynmanhattanqueensstaten island other


categoryselect a categoryhurricane sandy business recovery information

continue





we're sorry!
no events matched your selection.
try broadening your selections or go to the full events list










 




view all





close



















. download mobile apps.find social channels.stay in touch
























your elected officials





eric l. adams

mayor




brad lander

comptroller




speaker, adrienne adams

city council, 51 members




jumaane williams 

public advocate




vanessa l. gibson

borough president, bronx




antonio reynoso

borough president, brooklyn




mark d. levine

borough president, manhattan




donovan richards

borough president, queens




vito fossella

borough president, staten island























nyc.gov footer
more on nyc.gov

directory of city agencies
contact nyc government
city employees
notify nyc
city store 
stay connected
nyc mobile apps
maps
residents toolkit 

nyc.gov in other languages

العربية
বাঙালি
中文
kreyòl ayisyen
polskie
español
русский
français
한국어
اُردُو
english



© city of new york. 2025 all rights reserved,nyc is a trademark and service mark of the city of new york.
privacy policy.  terms of use.  learn more about nyc.gov accessibility commitment.   


















                           
