



home | fifth avenue internet garage



















home
profile

about
attaboys
customer testimonials
magazine features

salina journal
rod & custom magazine


history
our alternators
20 years
location
map


parts

alternators
mounting brackets
cooling
electrical
fifth avenue collectibles
fuel
optima batteries
overdrive parts
technical publications
shop/ garage
become a dealer
order


tech tips
projects

cecil
great race

great race team
2007 peking to paris
2010 peking to paris
great race 2011
great race 2015


royal tour caddy
likamobile
california orange grove
movie projects

devil in a blue dress
l.a. confidential
lolita
indiana jones




garage tech
haney
contacts

contact us
location
map
order
print order form
returned goods form


 

welcome to fifth avenue antique auto parts internet garage
it is our sad duty to report that randy rundle, of clay center, kansas, passed on monday, february 1, 2021, at his residence, with his family at his side.
randy's family has vowed to manage the fifth avenue internet garage and continue to offer randy's inventions, 6- and 12-volt alternators, antique car parts, accessories, and technical publications. 
be assured that what antique car enthusiasts have grown to depend upon will still be available on this website. you can continue to order any of the products offered on this website. additionally, the bulk of the website that contains all of randy's tips, anecdotes, technical information, stories, experiences, and humor will remain so that all website visitors can still benefit from his extensive expertise. don't forget to also take a look at garage tech, a blog that was maintained by randy and includes extensive technical and historical information.
 
when you call 785-632-3450 to ask a question or to place an order, we will try our best to find an answer for you and take your order. for faster ordering, please see the information below on how to place an order or click here to print the online order form.
 
 





how to place an order
 





  shop parts by category 
 
  print a copy of the order form  
 
  call 785-632-3450 9am to 6pm
 
  fax your order to 785-632-6154  24/7
 
  email your order to fifthavegarage@gmail.com  24/7





 
 overdrive governor boots now available….
 

one of the things every r-10 and r-11 overdrive lacks is a way to protect the governor from the elements. the original factory rubber boots are usually long gone. we have the solution!
 
we now offer brand new original design governor boots to replace your soup can, shop rag, or beer can. 
you can order one here.
 
and we also have… new overdrive solenoids, oil seals, relays, kickdown switches, lockout cables, gear oil, and a overdrive guide book that covers both repair and operation.
you can find all of that here:

now available… "the studebaker special…"
you can thank the members of the studebaker drivers club for this one…you can now buy "the official guide to modern gasoline and oil for antique vehicles"  and "help! my car won’t start when it is hot ! " both books together for $25.00 and free shipping. 
 
both of these books have become top sellers thanks in part to the studebaker drivers club who purchased enough of them that they asked for a discount. now we are offering the same discount to you. simply ask for the “the studebaker special.” keep in mind that if you buy either book individually the cost is the regular price of $15.00 each.
 
 









 







new and improved!
we have redesigned our chevrolet alternator mounting brackets making them stronger, easier to install, with a better fit. 
 
best of all the price stayed the same as before! in addition we now have alternator mounting brackets for the 1939 thru
1959 gmc 6 cylinders.
 
click here for details 




 

red crown and gold crown valve stem caps

 
sometimes... it is the little details that will jog our memory and take us back in time to our youth and the good memories associated with growing up carefree. red crown valve stem caps are one of those things. they were free at the local standard oil station as part of your driveway full service.the "red crowns" were a reminder of the red crown gasoline they sold. the red crown caps were a likeness of the glass red crown globes on top of the gasoline pumps on the drive. the red crown was by far the most popular grade of gasoline they offered.  red crown gasoline was introduced sometime around 1914 along with white crown (premium) gasoline which would become gold crown premium gasoline in 1951.
 
both the red crown and the gold crown valve stem caps are now available in the parts department at fifth avenue.  it is the detail you need to set your antique vehicle apart from the rest. an exact match to the originals.
 
click here for more information
 
click here to order





satisfied customers respond!
 

 
here's a picture of my 54 vette. i've owned the car for 20 years, and just did a full frame off resto (myself) 2 years ago. it's an ncrs "top flight" car. it's a much more dependable car now with your 6-volt alternator.
 
thanks again!
joe ryan
 
read more testimonials here!


fifth avenue now has a tv commercial…
 

 
 
our local high school has started a business/marketing/media class, and the students are learning to create tv commercials. the students go to a business and film, take pictures, and interview the business owner. the students then write the script, edit and voice the commercial.
 
the students each get to select their local business and jarrett wachsnicht picked fifth avenue because he is a car guy. see for yourself, i think jarrett did an outstanding job. his teacher, mrs. gierhan is the perfect teacher for the job! her enthusiasm is contagious.






hd power block
this hd power block has six individual separate circuits available. each circuit has a 30 amp max rating. the power block has a 65- amp total max rating. the red battery cable is (22”) in length. this power block works well when adding a modern stereo, ipod, gps, or cell phone charging power source to an antique vehicle’s electrical system. by connecting this power block directly to the battery your accessories will be protected from voltage spikes and power surges.     
 
learn more

6-volt alternators
standard 6-volt alternator. output is 60 amps, 7.5 volts and features a solid state internal regulator. a “da” plug is also included.
 
how to order
 
 

electric radiator cooling fans…what you need to know…
all electric cooling fans seem to look alike with the only difference being the price. are they really all the same…? read on…
 

 
when shopping for an electric radiator cooling fan one of the first things you need to look at… is the pitch of the blades, and how many there are. as common sense would tell you the more blades the more air the fan will move. but that only works if the pitch of those blades is aggressive (or angled steeply) to move the air. but…the steeper the pitch and the more blades there are…the larger the motor will have to be to spin those blades. if a fan has a lot of blades but the pitch of those blades is flat… you will get the riverboat paddle wheel affect where the fan will make a lot of noise but not move much air, like a riverboat paddle wheel.
 
which brings us to the fan motors. the majority of aftermarket electric radiator cooling fan motors are bushing motors. they are less expensive to manufacture will have slightly less horsepower and require more electricity from your charging system.
 
visit garage tech to learn more about radiator cooling fans 
 
 
click here for ordering info

tech tip
we developed the original "runtz" in 1992 and it is still proudly made in the usa. often poorly imitated, be sure what you buy is the real thing.  
 
read more
 
 
heater blower motor voltage reducer
don’t forget the heater blower motor voltage reducer when you are upgrading to 12-volts.
 
read more
 
 
 
mr. haney specials

like most antique garages we have a surplus inventory of antiques, automotive collectables, nos parts, and related odds and ends. we have hired mr. haney to help us clean out the warehouse. he has taken pictures, written descriptions, and priced things for what he thinks  they are worth. if you see something you want to buy send us an email with mr. haney in the subject line, along with your offer. we will make sure he gets it. be prepared to haggle as that is what he is best known for. odds are you will win, he is not as sharp as used to be.
 
 
 
 

 
remote battery stud
this remote battery stud will allow you to establish a remote battery or ground  connection at almost any location. when adding multiple accessories and especially any solid-state accessories it is good idea to ground those accessories direct to the battery. because most antique vehicles are more than forty years old, the accumulation of dirt, oil, grease, and rust makes it difficult to establish a good ground thru the body or frame.  this remote battery stud is rated at 200 amps.     
 
click here for ordering info
 
 
 
heavy duty headlight relays
available for both 6 and 12-volt applications. installing a headlight relay will provide up to 30 percent brighter headlights and a 50 percent longer service life for the original headlight switch.
 
read more
 

when was the last time you cleaned the inside of your cooling system…?
 
read more
 
order here
 

fifth avenue sponsored 1916 hudson wins 2019 great race!! team sharp collects $50,000!
the 2019 great race started on june 22nd in riverside california and traveled 2600 miles up the west coast ending on june 30th in tacoma, washington. 
 
the fifth avenue sponsored 1916 hudson experienced extreme temperatures along the route from a high of 106 degrees in california to 29 degrees and heavy snow in oregon. father / son team of howard and douglas sharp did what they do best, following instructions down to the 100th of a second, thus ending up with a 14 second lead over their closest competitor. when you consider last years race separated the top five cars by a mere two seconds, this years 14 second lead was indeed mind blowing.
 click here: to learn more about the 2019 great race and to visit the 2019 picture gallery…. 
 
the great race...how it works

the great race is a timed / distance rally for antique vehicles. the teams consist of a driver and a navigator who together must follow a specific set of instructions that give them a specified route to be driven (each day for nine days) at a specified speed (both of which will change a dozen times an hour) and all without the use of the vehicle’s factory speedometer, or odometer.
 
to be sure they are on time (there is a penalty for being either early or late) the teams are clocked at various hidden checkpoints, where their driving accuracy is measured down to 100th of a second. any mechanical breakdowns during the day must be fixed with no outside help… read more
a gear driven  electric fuel pump
available for both 6 and 12 volt applications. they are gear driven and will pump alcohol and all fuel additives.
 
click here for ordering information.
 
12/14/16
after reading your tech article in the oct. 2016 early ford v-8 club newsletter i ordered one of your gear driven electric fuel pumps for my ’35 ford phaeton. i was using a holley diaphragm fuel pump that reminded me of its presence every minute i drove the car. the gentle hum of your gear driven pump is a joy and the frame rail installation was a cinch.  this took my phaeton from a good cruiser to a great one.
thanks,
henry kaldenbaugh



fifth avenue internet garage © 2014 all rights reserved. provided by: rossini.com

 
  










