





  

	rayonier | forest products, timber & land management company
















































       skip to main content
    











view the latest sustainability and carbon reports // click here















contrast
$27.78    -0.01 (-0.04%)  volume: 150,936









search the site:



 














                            about us
                                








					
					
					company snapshot



					
					
					vision, path and values



					
					
					leadership



					
					
					office locations



					
					
					our history



					
					
					media







                            our land base
                                








					
					
					portfolio map



					
					
					portfolio management



					
					
					property access status



					
					
					wildfire prevention



					
					
					public trails







                            our businesses
                                








					
					
					forestry



					
					
					seedlings





					
					
					real estate



					
					
					land resources



					
					
					hunting and recreation



					
					
					beekeeping









                            sustainability
                                








					
					
					responsible stewardship



					
					
					environmental



					
					
					social



					
					
					governance





					
					
					biodiversity







                            our stories
                        



                            careers
                                








					
					
					grow with us



					
					
					teams



					
					
					forestry



					
					
					real estate



					
					
					land resources



					
					
					support





					
					
					internships



					
					
					u.s. job openings



					
					
					new zealand job openings



					
					
					forestry careers website







                            investors
                                








					
					
					investor relations home page




					
					
					financial information



					
					
					quarterly results



					
					
					annual reports



					
					
					proxy statements



					
					
					sec filings






					
					
					stock information



					
					
					stock quote



					
					
					stock chart



					
					
					historical price lookup



					
					
					investment calculator



					
					
					stock splits



					
					
					dividend history



					
					
					dividend tax treatment



					
					
					organizational actions



					
					
					ownership profile






					
					
					news, events & presentations



					
					
					investor news



					
					
					upcoming events



					
					
					past events



					
					
					investor day



					
					
					featured presentation



					
					
					archived presentations






					
					
					corporate governance



					
					
					senior leadership team



					
					
					board of directors



					
					
					committee composition



					
					
					committee charters



					
					
					governance documents



					
					
					code of conduct






					
					
					investor resources



					
					
					investor toolkit



					
					
					analyst coverage



					
					
					unitholder tax package



					
					
					investor faqs



					
					
					email alerts



					
					
					unsubscribe






					
					
					legacy pope resources



					
					
					investor news



					
					
					archived investor presentations



					
					
					historical price lookup



					
					
					quarterly reports



					
					
					annual reports



					
					
					historical tax package



					
					
					distribution history



					
					
					sec filings



					
					
					faqs









































it's taken more than trees to make our company a success for nearly a century.

our forests are carefully planned long before the first seedling breaks through the soil. from the passion behind a theory proven true in our research division, to the reverence of a forester managing the same stands of trees for decades, to the persistence of our teams who look at those trees through different lenses, our people are what makes rayonier stand the test of time.

























just under the canopy of a stand of pine trees, inside our greenhouses, below the shed roof of our headquarters, and in our communities, rayonier employees are putting our resources to work for you. we take you behind the scenes in this series of rayonier videos and articles.







how salal is responsibly harvested from rayonier forests to florists
salal is a key ingredient in bouquets, wreaths and floral displays worldwide. rayonier and its salal customers work to responsibly source and harvest the popular shrub sold and used in the floral industry.
read more how salal is responsibly harvested from rayonier forests to florists









a guide to mass timber construction: the future of sustainable architecture and the role of forestry
mass timber, a renewable, durable, environmentally friendly building material, is changing the building industry for the better. in this article, we take a deeper look at the environmental, economic and human benefits of mass timber and highlight some mass timber success stories.
read more a guide to mass timber construction: the future of sustainable architecture and the role of forestry









deck the halls with rayonier boughs
evergreen species native to rayonier’s pacific northwest forests produce high-quality and high-value branches for the holiday decor industry.
read more deck the halls with rayonier boughs









what are land-based solutions?
the term “land-based solutions” refers to land uses that address the environmental needs of the world. in this summary, we examine land-based solutions rayonier is positioned to provide that could have a significant positive impact on the world.
read more what are land-based solutions?









rayonier retiree recalls half-century of forestry experience
after more than 47 years at rayonier, bob mcdonald reflects on how he has seen the industry transform and the unique experiences that built his career.
read more rayonier retiree recalls half-century of forestry experience












 


our businesses
how we make a difference
rayonier is on an ongoing quest to provide what the world needs most from our land.


forestry
real estate
land resources






forestry
responsible for 2.5 million acres of timberlands
our trees provide homes and refuge to wildlife; clean the air by absorbing carbon dioxide; protect water quality by filtering rain; and cool the earth with their shade. decades after they’re planted, they will become lumber, pulp, paper and other wood-based products. and, just as we harvest trees, we plant millions more every year.
learn more 



real estate
creating places with purpose
as the communities around rayonier's land grow, sometimes our properties are needed for a different use. that's where our real estate subsidiary, raydient places + properties, comes in, creating places with a purpose that meet the needs of the communities around us.
* raydient is a trademark of raydient llc, a taxable real estate investment trust subsidiary of rayonier.



land resources
businesses that meet even more needs while the trees grow.
we believe in sharing our land, putting it to work, and meeting as many needs as we can with our 2.5 million acres. we meet alternative energy needs through solar farm, wind and biomass opportunities. hunters, fishermen and beekeepers use our land. and we harvest more than trees, working with buyers to fill the need for minerals, fill dirt, pine straw and palmetto berries to name a few.
learn more 

























 



								invested in sustainability
							
certified by the highest standards in sustainability
rayonier forests serve a critical role in our environment today and for future generations. find out how our team protects wildlife, conserves water, improves soil quality, ensures healthy forests and works with our communities.
learn more 




 








each year, rayonier makes more than 1.9 million acres available for recreational licensing in alabama, florida, georgia, louisiana, oregon, south carolina, texas and washington. 

               learn more  






 



rayonier foresters take great care in managing our timberlands while being good stewards of the environment. our portfolio includes acreage in the u.s. south, u.s. pacific northwest and new zealand.

               view portfolio map  














					want to get to know us better? we welcome you to discover the acres of opportunity.
						 
get in touch








rayonier hunting
|
rayonier new zealand
|
media
|
contact us















our stories newsletter
sign up to receive new stories and other rayonier news.










raydient places + properties
|
rethink:rural
|
wildlight
|
rayonier seedlings
|
timber sales




© copyright 2025, rayonier inc.
|
privacy policy
|
terms of use
|
sitemap
|
accessibility
|
insurance
|
suppliers






this website stores cookies on your computer. these cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. we use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. to find out more about the cookies we use, see our privacy policy.
 
if you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. a single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.



              accept
            

              decline
            





















