











home | university library











      skip to main content
    









indiana university indianapolis
indiana university indianapolis
iu indianapolis







university library


other libraries 



herron school of art


ruth lilly law


ruth lilly medical


school of dentistry





get help




today's hours:
          
 10:00am - 6:00pm
      



toggle navigation








main navigation


research 


research help


reference materials


research tools


open access publication


scholarworks


center for digital scholarship


data support


special collections and archives


digital collections




instruction 


course guides


subject librarians


subject guides


library instruction


course reserves request


research how-to guides




space reservations 


study rooms


conference & meeting rooms


graduate carrels


vr lab


multimedia room




technologies 


3d printing studio


adaptive technology


printing/scanning


vr lab


computer availability


computer/technology usage for guests


software




ul building 


amenities


library hours


library location


library maps


other units in the library


pop shop


special group visits




borrowing 


borrowing information


interlibrary loan


library cards for guests


on-demand services


renew materials




about 


directory


give to the library


library employment


library hours


library organization information


library policies


library priorities


library publications


welcome statement




help 


contact the library


research help


tech issues


research how-to guides


faq













home




 





onesearchiucatdatabasesjournalsarticlessite    ‌‌onesearchuse onesearch when you need to find a variety of materials on your topic. it’s a great starting point when you don’t know where to begin your research, or if your topic crosses multiple subjects. onesearch returns results from many of ul’s databases and iu’s catalog. results may include books, e-books, journal articles, news articles, films, theses, dissertations, or other media.advanced search‌‌iucatiucat is indiana university’s library catalog. it returns items from all iu libraries holdings. iucat includes: books, e-books, audio, video, musical scores, maps, and more. many items have a “request this” option for delivery to another iu campus library for you to check out.advanced search search iu indy holdings‌‌databasesuse the database search when you want to search databases by name, subject, or publisher. the database search will return a list of databases that university library subscribes to related to your search. to see databases by subject, refer to the subject guides.a-z database list database by subjectreport a database issue‌‌journals searchuse journals search to look up a journal name. journals search returns a list of journals with matching names or parts of names. journals provided include open access journals as well as ul’s paid subscriptions.journal list journals by subject search by issn open access journals at iu indy‌‌article searchuse our article search when you’re trying to find a specific article. you can search by article title, doi, or a full citation. article search returns results from the catalog, databases, and open access repositories. if it is not immediately accessible, the search will direct you to interlibrary loan to request the article.advanced search‌‌site searchuse the site search to look for webpages on the university library website. the site search returns a list a webpages, subject guides, and can even return databases by name.advanced search



study roomsdatabasessubject guidesprinting at ulinterlibrary loancomputers available








news






a new library people person
shauna winter has joined university library as the unit's new hr generalist.







february caption contest
enter your captions to a vintage photo from university library special collections and archives!







new art + design librarian
university library welcomes jackie huddle as the new art + design librarian



see all news






events





advanced endnote
when: february 19, 12:00pm - 1:00pm
where: online via zoom
what: 






maximize your literature search in pubmed
when: february 26, 12:00pm - 1:00pm
where: online via zoom
what: focusing on searching in...






introduction to systematic reviews
when: february 27, 12:00pm - 1:00pm
where: online via zoom
what: this class is an introduction to the process of conducting systematic reviews of the...



see all events






meet the library






cetoria tomberlin, resource sharing librarian
meet the new resource sharing librarian







jennifer james, acquisitions senior associate
“to do carefully and constantly and kindly many little things is not a little thing.” – rosemary curtis neider







paul moffett, interim associate dean of public services
i'm here to help you navigate the library and make connections - to resources, people, information, and ideas.



see all library personnel









resources and services for....
undergraduate studentsgraduate/doctoral studentsoff-campusfaculty/staffalumni/community memberspurdue affiliates








university library(317) 274-0469   755 w. michigan street   indianapolis, in 46202 donate to the librarycenter for digital scholarshipherron art libraryruth lilly special collections & archivesjoseph & mathew payton philanthropic      studies librarymy iucat (link is external)get helpbuilding maplibrary personnellibrary policieslibrary staff resources     



 








iu-signature




accessibility | privacy notice

 | 
copyright © 2024 the trustees of 
indiana university












