


elite havanese dog breeder has puppies for sale on vancouver island in british columbia, bc, canada


















elite havanese dog breeder has puppies for sale in british columbia, canada










registered havanese breeders


misty trails havaneseemily & bev dorma





home



about us



the havanese



contact



 






these havanese puppy and dog

breeders can be found in
british columbia, canada
they will ship world wide




boys



girls



puppies



photos



links







visit our new website: mistytrails.ca

ultra-sweet 100% pure havanese puppies for the discerning dog fancier.
specializing in quality havanese - raised with love - shown with pride! 
well bred, well socialized puppies available to approved homes.


see our latest newsletter  here.


bev dorma of mistytrails havanese - nominated, voted and judged: canada's top breeder - all breeds - 2015!!   
click here to see the poster

**do not buy from a breeder that has no credentials**
they should be a provincially licenced breeder and certified by their province (licenced with a paper certificate of registration and 
ckc registered as well) and vet certified: passed breeding education, kennel inspection, vaccine, worming and medical record keeping 
to meet standard protocols ... and offer you their vets phone number, (ask us how to research a breeder).


elite havanese is a group of several canadian kennel club (ckc) and other registered, vet recommended breeders, that 
do annual health screening, and raise their pups in their kitchen/family rooms. below are the two main contact numbers 
for all those that are working with elite havanese, breeding cuban havanese dogs.





 


emily & bev dorma(west coast)

british columbia

mistytrails@uniserve.com
250-743-5370


 

new website
mistytrails.ca

 



see our testimonials & referrals page.







one of the most remarkable breeding programs in north america!

we are not a puppy mill, but we have more than 1 or 2 litters a year, so we have experience. adults live in the community - 
in family homes not in kennels. all pups are kitchen raised, potty trained from 3 weeks on, and going outside by 7 weeks with a 
full time stay at home mom.  they are crate trained to assist in separation and are socialized according to research to 
best give the pups the best start in life. vet files are all open to public as are multiple vet's certifications, and multiple 
references. annual online health testing and online pedigrees show no inbreeding. visitors are welcome anytime, even with 
short notice. puppies leave for their new homes after 9+ weeks, and are crate trained.











yes, we sell pets!
we place top quality puppies, for pets, in companion pet homes.
most of our puppies are adopted for loving pets by pet homes all over the world and 
a few are kept open in show homes, to carry on the great lines.  we show to prove health temperament and good structure.









"the puppy page was up dated on may 17thsee the newest 
havanese puppies for saleon the 
havanese puppies page!"


see our new page - before and after - puppy to adult
agility, dance, therapy, and obedience news


 



elite havanese featured in topdogweeklybreeder profile read article --->


a vancouver island dog has been named best of breed at the prestigious 136th annual westminster kennel club dog show 
in new york city. see the articles here









 


craving something sweet? like fine chocolate, elite havanese 
puppies are very hard to resist!

the puppy chocolatiers at elite havanese have 
spent years perfecting their recipe for the perfect havanese puppy! 
each of our puppies is made from only the finest havanese bloodlines, 
with plenty of champions added to the mixture. our havanese puppies 
are handled with care to create ultra-smooth temperaments and a very 
creamy overall consistency that will melt your heart.

elite havanese puppies come in a wide variety of colors 
and flavors to suit the palate of even the most discerning 
dog fancier. our  puppies have received rave reviews world wide.


 







available flavors:





peaches & creme



cafe raspberry



oreo



english toffee



frosted licorice









belgian chocolate



licorice delight



caramel swirl 



creme d' cafe mocha



satin snow





chocolate vanilla



vanilla chocolate



silver tip frosting




raspberry fudge torte



strawberry daiquiri





butterscotch swirl sundae



black licorice




black walnut



tiger swirl



mango marble



 




blueberry-silver cloud



sable all-spice



pecan prosario


 




there are many other flavours including silver, strawberry sundae, 
black & tan, gold brindle.
(we're adding new flavors with every new batch!)

ingredients:

extreme cuteness, love, loyalty, affection, playfulness, 
mischief, intelligence, charm, grace,humour, clownlishness, 
spunk, spice, bounce, attitude, obedience, health, longevity.







flavour of the month - tiramisu




(may contain a few nuts!)

 


caution: elite havanese puppies are highly addictive!






don't like the long hair?
90% of pet havanese puppy owners,  keep thier dog's hair short, in what we call a puppy 
cut.  only for the show ring, is the hair left long,  and the occasional pet owner, that 
wants to keep up the coat. click on the photo to enlarge it.















home page | 
about elite havanese | 
havanese breed information | 
our boys
our girls | 
havanese puppies |
havanese photos | 
havanese links | 
contact us
copyright© 2005, 2006, 2007 elite havanese, all rights reserved.







this website built and maintained by 

msr web design at meadow springs ranch






