












front page — free software foundation — working together for free software





















skip to content, sitemap or skip to search.







personal tools


log in


help!


members forum















about
campaigns
licensing
membership
resources
community
♥donate♥
shop
search










info





the free software foundation 
(fsf) is a nonprofit with a worldwide mission to promote computer user 
freedom.








featured




i ♥ free software day 2025: let's celebrate the people who make and maintain free software


let's celebrate the people behind free software and tell them how much we appreciate their work! 







featured




free software foundation to auction off original gnu drawings, awards, and historic tech


boston, massachusetts, usa (february 4, 2025) -- the free software 
foundation (fsf) turns forty this year. 















free software means that the users have the freedom to run, edit, contribute to, and share the software. thus, free software is a matter of liberty, not price. we have been defending the rights of all software users for the past 39 years. help sustain us for many more;  become an associate member today.








                subscribe to our monthly newsletter, the free software
                supporter:










follow us on social media


share




mastodon



twitter



peertube







our initiatives





defective by design is a grassroots campaign to eliminate digital restrictions management (drm) in media and devices.






read the email self-defense guide to get started with email encryption, a skill necessary to combat bulk surveillance.






the end software patents initiative fights to abolish software patents around the world.






join us in calling for a web that respects our freedom by being compatible with free software and stand up against nonfree javascript.






the free software directory is a collaborative catalog of computer programs and apps that are fully free.






the gnu operating system is a continuously evolving, complete operating system made entirely of free software.






libreplanet is our global network of free software activism, including events like our annual conference, and online collaboration spaces.






the licensing and compliance lab is the preeminent resource for public education on licensing best practices and enforcing the gpl.






the "respects your freedom" program certifies retailers who sell hardware in a manner that respects the rights of their users.






"this community that we have, that we're building, that does so much, has
to grow. we can't compete with apple, we can't compete with google,
directly, in the field of resources. what we can eventually do is head
count and heart count. we can compete on the ground of ideology because
ours is better."-- edward snowden, nsa whisteblower, speaking at libreplanet
2016.




take action



collaborate with us to build the freedom ladder
make the switch to free software
read and share this year's giving guide

contribute to the fsf



bulletin



fsf sysops cleaning up the internet




society will never be free under nonfree software




tracing the fsf's footsteps




new energies for a remote fsf 




what abandonware teaches us about the importance of software freedom





read the current issue of the bulletin and check out the archives.


peertube


follow the fsf's peertube channel and discover exciting workshops and talks.








blog
|
news
|
events









free software directory meeting on irc: friday, february 14, starting at 12:00 est (17:00 utc) 


join the fsf and friends on friday, february 14 from 12:00 to 15:00 est (17:00 to 20:00 utc) to help improve the free software directory. 











fsf talked about education, copyright management, and free machine learning at fosdem 2025


four fsf staff members had a great time sharing their knowledge and learning at fosdem 2025 in brussels. 











i ♥ free software day 2025: let's celebrate the people who make and maintain free software


let's celebrate the people behind free software and tell them how much we appreciate their work! 











live virtual memorabilia auction on march 23, 2025


the free software foundation will auction off original gnu drawings, awards, and historic tech in an unprecedented virtual memorabilia auction on march 23, 2025, 14:00 to 17:00 edt.











the right to repair supports more than just sustainability and affordability 


the right to repair is one of four pillars supporting software freedom  











free software awards: choose your nominations by march 5


the time has come for free software community members to nominate individuals and projects for a free software award.











free software foundation to auction off original gnu drawings, awards, and historic tech


boston, massachusetts, usa (february 4, 2025) -- the free software 
foundation (fsf) turns forty this year. 











january 2025 gnu spotlight with amin bandali: seventeen new gnu releases!


seventeen new gnu releases in the last month (as of january 31, 2025):












organize a community meetup in your area


let's claim the month of may as librelocal month!











free software directory meeting on irc: friday, january 31, starting at 12:00 est (17:00 utc) 


join the fsf and friends on friday, january 31 from 12:00 to 15:00 est (17:00 to 20:00 utc) to help improve the free software directory. 
















the fsf is a charity with a worldwide mission to advance software freedom — learn about our history and work.





copyright © 2004-2025 free
					software foundation, inc. privacy policy.
this work is licensed under a creative
						commons attribution-no derivative works 3.0 license (or later
						version) — why this license?








skip sitemap or skip to licensing items

about

staff and board
contact us
press information
jobs
volunteering and internships
history

privacy policy
javascript licenses
hardware database
free software directory
free software resources
copyright infringement notification



skip to general items

campaigns

freedom ladder
fight to repair
free javascript
high priority free software projects
secure boot vs restricted boot
surveillance
upgrade from windows
working together for free software
gnu operating system
defective by design
end software patents
opendocument
free bios
connect with free software users





skip to philosophical items

licensing

education
licenses

gnu gpl
gnu agpl
gnu lgpl
gnu fdl
licensing faq
compliance
how to use gnu licensesfor your own software


latest news
upcoming events
fsf blogs



skip list

donate to the fsf
join the fsf
patrons
associate members
my account
working together for free software fund
philosophy
the free software definition
copyleft: pragmatic idealism
free software and free manuals
selling free software
motives for writing free software
the right to read
why open source misses the point of free software
complete sitemap












fsf.org is powered by:

plone
zope
python
civicrm
html5




arabic
belarussian
bulgarian
catalan
chinese
cornish
czech
danish
english
french
german
greek
hebrew
hindi
italian
japanese
korean
norwegian
polish
portuguese
portuguese (brazil)
romanian
russian
slovak
spanish
swedish
turkish
urdu
welsh
   
send your feedback on our translations and new translations of pages to campaigns@fsf.org.


1pc9azc4hnx2rmmrt7uhtfyas3hrbph4un







