








	home





























 mynasw   
 join/renew  

 shop   
 donate  
 contact us   



login






























 









about



about the board


nasw national


executive board


student unit


regional & student reps





professional development



ceu approval



ceu application guide





supervision


continuing education


student liaison





advocacy



committee and task forces



ethics committee


diversity, equity, and inclusion (dei) committee





legislative committee


social work license compact initiative





news



social work advocates


nasw press





events


membership



membership types


join nasw today!


classifieds







































 







+aboutabout the boardnasw nationalexecutive boardstudent unitregional & student reps+professional development+ceu approvalceu application guidesupervisioncontinuing educationstudent liaison+advocacy+committee and task forcesethics committeediversity, equity, and inclusion (dei) committeelegislative committeesocial work license compact initiative+newssocial work advocatesnasw pressevents+membershipmembership typesjoin nasw today!classifieds








 mynasw   
 join/renew  

 shop   
 donate  
 contact us   



login
















































  






































  







nasw-nm commitment statement
at nasw-nm, we are deeply committed to pursuing and preserving irrevocable social justice, unconditional equity, and relevant access for all individuals. our work is driven by the belief that every person deserves a positive human experience and an exceptional quality of life characterized by happiness, equity, security, recognition, resources, peace, and love.

to achieve our vision, we have identified three broad intentions that guide our efforts:

1. people - individuals, families, clinical, therapeutic (micro):

we recognize and honor new mexico's historical and generational uniqueness. historical truth and honesty are essential foundations for understanding and addressing social issues. cultural responsiveness is at the core of our approach, which involves actively dismantling stereotypical beliefs and biases. we strive to respectfully learn about different ethnic and social groups, ensuring we address individuals with their preferred and individualized identities, free from our own or any institutional prejudices. furthermore, we promote language and terms that are culturally accepted by our communities.

2. programs - communities, systems, grassroots, professional settings (mezzo):

we view our communities as beacons of positive change, where we work to address poor health outcomes, economic disparities, and discriminatory social justice. our commitment extends to providing thoroughly researched, relevant, and culturally and linguistically appropriate professional development opportunities. we equip social workers with the necessary tools and resources to achieve desired outcomes. we should only provide support when requested and in the manner that is asked of us, ensuring that we respect and empower community leadership.

3. policy - advocacy, legislation, and government participation (macro):

we advocate for laws that protect the rights and well-being of all citizens, reflecting an inclusive voice. policy serves as the connective thread across all social work practice areas, guided by our code of ethics and practiced competencies. we hold ourselves accountable for staying current in the many areas where we practice, understanding the rules and policies that govern them. active participation in places where title protection is crucial is central to our mission. we recognize social workers' invaluable contributions to society and advocate for fair compensation commensurate with our significant impact.

our commitment to the social work profession is our utmost priority at nasw-nm. we will continue to strive for social justice, equity, and access, working collaboratively within our communities, advocating for inclusive policies, and upholding the values and principles of the social work profession. together, we can create a better, more inclusive future for all.






























  





















  








i am a new mexico social worker






























































  











 
membership types
		
		
		
		
		

















  












		membership benefits
		
		
		
		

















  












		join now
		
		
		
		




























































  







new mexico covid-19 vaccine information

please click on the link below for information about the covid-19 vaccine in new mexico. you can also use this link to sign up through the department of health to receive the vaccine and to learn more about when you and your family should receive the booster shot. 
	

doh vaccine website

















  

















  









































































































































































































  












header textmain textlink textlink urlpicture file pathalternate textsite url

welcome to nasw new mexico chapternasw new mexico chapter is ready to serve its members.read more >>https://naswnm.socialworkers.org/about\images\chaptershomepagebannerimages\naswnm.socialworkers.org\santafe.jpgsanta fe at dusknaswnm.socialworkers.org















































































1 (505) 448-1213












info.naswnm@socialworkers.org 





















												  national member services:  800-742-4089


membership hours: mon-fri 9:00 a.m. - 9:00 p.m. et



membership@socialworkers.org




													nasw national: www.socialworkers.org














© 2025 national association of social workers new mexico chapter. all rights reserved.





privacy policy


		privacy policy 									
	










| 


go to top





















