




backbone blogging survey



















blogsurvey, all about blog marketing, blogger relations and surveying the
corporate blogging world.





 




backbone corporate blogging survey



 



 






november  3, 2006
blogging success study released
we're please to announce the release of the northeastern university and backbone media blogging success study. here's a link to the press release issued by northeastern universityhttp://www.newswise.com/articles/view/524880/here's a link to the study...http://www.scoutblogging.com/success_study/
 
tags: blogging success study

posted by stephenbackbone at  1:27 pm
| comments (0)

| trackback (0)




august 21, 2006
scout launches the big time career blog for spherion
hello blogsurvey readers.  we've been writing an awful lot about corporate blogging strategies, blog monitoring and blogger relations. now scout (a division of backbone media) is launching our first official client blog for spherion (nyse: sfn ), one of the leading staffing and recruitment agencies. the blog features career insight & advice, and the company's ceo will also be contributing from time to time. we also plan to interview some actual job candidates which should be very interesting.
here's a link to the big time
i also posted this on the scout blog. it gives a little more detail about the corporate blogging project and why we're so excited about it.
 
tags: corporate blogging new+blog ceo+blogger

posted by stephenbackbone at  5:56 pm
| comments (0)

| trackback (0)




july 21, 2006
taking a leave of absence from blogsurvey to write a book about corporate blogging
i am happy to announce that i will be working on a book about corporate blogging over the next few months.  butterworth - heineman business books or elsevier and i just signed a contract to write a book about business blogs called "strategies and tools for corporate blogging."
my thanks to jane macdonald, the acquisitions editor for butterworth-heinemann for all of the work she put into creating the relationship and getting us to this point.
as part of the effort to finish the book i am taking a leave of absence from my role as director of blogging strategies at backbone media, inc. in waltham.  i will not be updating the blogsurvey blog for a while, but you will still find me writing the occasional post on my personal blog pr communications.



posted by johncass at 11:41 am
| comments (5)

| trackback (0)




july 12, 2006
starting to blog
starting off slowly will not hurt your corporate blogging adventure.  that's one of the lessons i think i've learned, as i've been blogging over the last three years.  in talking with other corporate bloggers, clients and running my own blogs at a few different companies. it seems to me that a company does not have to be in a rush to develop multiple blogs for their company.  starting off slowly and experimenting with one strategy is perfectly acceptable.  and as various corporate bloggers have learned from macromedia/adobe, microsoft and the southwest airlines blog, dipping in your toe and growing organically is probably the best way to learn about blogging and interact with your audience.  each company is unique, even if their industry may not be, therefore its always a matter of culture and personalities as to how fast a company can progress with the number of blogs and how open their blog will be to their audience.
 
tags: blogging

posted by johncass at 10:04 am
| comments (2)

| trackback (0)




july 11, 2006
dell launches blog
dell launches a new blog called "direct conversations with dell" at one2one.com.
the blog hosts a number of authors, who write posts and post videos.  similar to microsoft's channel9 website. 
i immediately clicked on the about one2one link to read the blog's guidelines.  makes interesting reading.  the dell blog set's the expectation that dell employees will answer blog comments.  that's a huge commitment and one that general motor's fastlane blog has not made to its readers, see my earlier post about setting expectations with blog readers. 
here's the commitment to conversation:
"one2one is an extension of dell's direct model where we learn and improve by listening to customers.  comments are a great way for us to know what's on the minds of our customers and partners.  of course, we may not always agree with the comments, but we will listen closely to see what we can learn and improve.  comments will be moderated - we will do our best to post your comments and respond, where appropriate, within 24 hours."
it will be interesting to see how dell's employees response to reader comments.  i've already seen examples of the dell bloggers responding to customer comments. lionel menchaca, digital media manager, responded to a blog readers comment.
 
tags: dell corporate_blogging

posted by johncass at 10:21 am
| comments (0)

| trackback (0)




blogsurvey having trouble
due to a server switch we are having some trouble with blogsurvey today.  should have this fixed shortly.
john

posted by johncass at 10:20 am
| comments (0)

| trackback (0)




july 10, 2006
northeastern blogging success study progress
work continues on the northeastern university blogging success study.  we have transcribed all of the interviews, and i am now taking out excerpts to use in the final study document.


posted by johncass at 12:34 pm
| comments (0)

| trackback (0)




july  5, 2006
bloglines engineer comments great example of cgm brand management
matthew hurst on datamining wrote about his search for a new rss feed reader, he is thinking of ditching his existing service, bloglines.
bloglines ui engineer, ben lowery, spotted matthew's blog post, and concerns about the bloglines service and responded quickly.
i was impressed with ben's comment and that fact that bloglines keeps tabs on its brand keywords.  this comment is a great example to every company about how to do effective product management in the world of customer generated media.  monitor your brand keywords and respond to questions and comments about your product as they appear on the web.
 
tags: bloglines blogging

posted by johncass at  5:24 pm
| comments (0)

| trackback (1)




june 30, 2006
fard johnmar's take on the jupiter research blogging report
fard johnmar writes a critique of jupiter research's blogging report.
jupiter had suggested in their report that 70% of companies would be blogging by the end of the year.  based on my understanding of the industry, i do find it hard to believe this statement, unless jupiter research meant internal blogs.  i'd like to hear more from the company on what its results mean?
maybe there's a slant to a particular industry.  if you look at the 29 companies in the fortune 500 who are blogging 21 of them are in the technology and telco industries, see my article about the fortune 500 wiki.  perhaps the survey focused on technology companies?  i'd be interested to hear more from the company about who was surveyed for the report.
 
tags: blogging research

posted by johncass at  3:07 pm
| comments (1)

| trackback (0)




june 29, 2006
blogger relations content strategy determined by researching blog readers
conducting an audit of a blogging community is not just about researching bloggers in your company's industry.  you also have to understand who is reading the blogs you wish to build a relationship with over time.  content should dictate how you interact with a blogger. but i also think its important to read the comments of a blog to determine who is reading a blog.  not only will you find other great bloggers to read and interact with over time, but also you will build up a profile of the readers of that blog.  that profile will then give you the ideas as to what content strategy will attract the type of readers you seek.
 
tags: blogger_relations business_blogging

posted by johncass at  6:03 pm
| comments (0)

| trackback (0)















search








subscribe to this blog






about us

company profile

contact us



recent entries

blogging success study released

scout launches the big time career blog for spherion

taking a leave of absence from blogsurvey to write a book about corporate blogging

starting to blog

dell launches blog

blogsurvey having trouble

northeastern blogging success study progress

bloglines engineer comments great example of cgm brand management

fard johnmar's take on the jupiter research blogging report

blogger relations content strategy determined by researching blog readers




recent comments


scott wilder on 
taking a leave of absence from blogsurvey to write a book about corporate blogging


ryan on 
gm customers provide critical analysis of the general motors fastlane blog


john cass on 
taking a leave of absence from blogsurvey to write a book about corporate blogging


ted demopoulos on 
taking a leave of absence from blogsurvey to write a book about corporate blogging


john cass on 
taking a leave of absence from blogsurvey to write a book about corporate blogging


>> read the last 30 comments



categories

blog marketing

blog monitoring

blogger relations

blogging events

blogging policy

blogging research

blogging tips

consumer generated media

corporate blog survey

corporate blogging

customer insights

global pr blog week

hurricane katrina

internet marketing

journalism blogging

podcasting

public relations blogging

rss watch



search engine marketing

social media

value of blogging

web 2.0

word of mouth




archives

november 2006
august 2006
july 2006
june 2006
may 2006
april 2006
march 2006
february 2006
january 2006
december 2005
november 2005
october 2005
september 2005
august 2005
july 2005
june 2005
may 2005


 


syndicate this site (xml)



this weblog is licensed under a creative commons license.














powered bymovable type 3.33





weblogs

sales mindset
gautam ghosh on management
redcouch.typepad.com
tradestreetjournal.blogspot.com
www.corporateblogging.info
chuck tanowitz
sam whitmore
cnet's blog 100
bill higgins - ibm
search engine watch blog




















