








medical transcription at home - learn medical transcription from home
easily!














medical
                transcription at home
start 
              your own
 medical transcription at home
              typing
              business and work for yourself!  let me show you how!

now also 
              offering mt training - click
              here

               






















 

         
    


 
medical transcription at 
        home!  the start-up-system for running your own business or landing
        your dream job!

are you interested in medical transcription 
        but don't know where to begin?  are you looking for better money 
        and the opportunity to say goodbye to your boss?

i've had a medical transcription at home 
        business since 1994, and i can help you get started in the 
        shortest time possible.  



do you want flexibility?


do you want to make your own hours?


do you want to make $25.00 to $35.00 an hour? 
        (that's realistic earnings, not hype.)


do you want to be your own boss?


can you work on your own?


do you enjoy typing?


if you answered yes to these questions, 
        medical transcription at home could be for you.  it's not a get 
        rich scheme, it does take work and commitment, but it's so worth it to have the freedom 
        and independence that comes with it.  

a lot of people think about starting their 
        own business, but don't know where to begin.  others worry about 
        failure.  you don't have to worry with medical transcription 
        because you can start small and build up your business at your own pace, 
        in your spare time.  you don't have to give up a job to start 
        medical transcription at home if you don't want to.  that's what is 
        so nice about it.

i have enjoyed helping many people 
        get into this business over the years; there's plenty of work for 
        everyone.  i can help you find the best transcription course or 
        school, and teach you how to get a medical transcription job or start 
        your own company.  with the right training you can be running your 
        own business in a short amount of time.  
        i also offer ongoing free 
        email and phone consults with no time limit, to get you where you need 
        to be.

medical transcription at home is a  
real and legitimate work at home 
        business that you can do.  not one of those awful scams that you 
        hear about so often.

before i launched the book on this website, i 
        used to write out pages and pages of notes for all the people i helped.  
        not just for people that worked for me over the years, but also for the 
        people i met that wanted to know how to start a medical 
        transcription business.  i still get asked several times a 
        month how i got started with medical transcription.

i finally decided to write a book about it in 
        may 2003, which i have updated each year.  
        i wanted to write a no-nonsense, to the point, but in depth kind of book, that 
        would help people get started in the shortest time possible.  and 
        so the book was born...it's not 300 pages long, full of fluff and 
        filler, it's 119 pages full of powerful information to help you build your own 
        medical transcription at home business.  i take you from
        a-z 
        through the whole process.  click
        here to see the table 
        of contents!

so what do you get?



you will learn all my secrets that will cut 
        your typing time by at least a third and still earn you more money!


you'll learn how to charge for your work so 
        you get the most money for your time.  (some medical 
        transcriptionists are cheating themselves out of money and don't even 
        know it.)


i teach you how to get paid for lines you 
        don't type, so you can make an extra $15.00 an hour minumum, for free!  
        (usually much more).


you will learn the best courses to take so 
        you can start your own medical transcription business in the shortest 
        time possible.


you get the actual sales letter to send out 
        to the doctors to get accounts - the one that landed me an account every 
        time i sent it out.


you will know the best programs and books to 
        get to help you with your work.

you'll learn about the 
        patient privacy act and hipaa act and how to apply it to your 
        business.


you will get fifteen different sample medical 
        transcription notes to look through to get an idea of what you'll be 
        typing.


you will be walked through an interview with 
        the doctor and i tell you what to say to secure the account.  you 
        will walk away with all the information you need, including samples of 
        his work to help you get started.


you will hear success stories from people 
        just like you.  people i myself have helped get started in the 
        medical transcription at home business.


you will learn about various medical note 
        formats and how to apply them to your work to save you hundreds of 
        hours.  you don't want to be typing pages of work when you don't 
        have to.now for the
        fabulous bonuses...







        bonus #1


        this ebook is a must-have if you want to be 
        successful in either getting a work at home medical transcription job, 
        or if you want to start your own medical transcription service.
this ebook explains everything from 
        employment options, to resume help, and to marketing your own medical 
        transcription business!




 




bonus #2

you'll love this 
              bookkeeping guide whether you are working as a subcontractor or 
              running your own transcription service.  it has of tons of valuable 
              and concise information, including business deductions, tax 
              information, and more!
 




 




bonus 
              #3
my 
              bonus links 
              report,  full of tons of links and loads of useful information to 
              help you with your medical transcription work.  hours of 
              research all in one place! 
              plus a list of 
              companies that hire.
15 
              instant printable forms to help you with your business!  
              all kinds of tracking forms, office information forms, 
              subcontractor forms, mileage logs etc.  everything you need 
              to start keeping track of your medical transcription at home 
              business!you also get
        
free consultations  with me via 
        email after the purchase of the book!  i will help you with any 
        questions your have about medical transcription and starting a 
        business. this is worth more than the price of the book!  you will 
        have email support seven days a week indefinitely.  
 





you can have the e-book and all the bonuses 
        right now!  
        just download them onto your computer; it's as simple as saving a file.  
        this ebook does not come in hard copy.  you get all the information 
        instantly!    

        why not work for yourself and be the boss?  you won't look back!


(c)2003-2013
new and expanded 10th edition


        this can be your first business tax 
        deductible purchase!  you too can be running your own medical 
        transcription at home business!  say goodbye to your boss and your 
        job, and hello to working at home!
all this 
        information for only $49.97
        instant download!





we use 
              clickbank to process all orders! clickbank uses the strongest 
              security and anti-fraud features available in the world & never 
              stores your financial data on their system! your credit card data 
              is passed directly to the bank and no one but the bank has access 
              to your sensitive information. they are also approved by the 
              better business bureau! 

you are protected by their 
              guarantee policy.  this is an instant download in adobe pdf 
              format and can be read on any computer.  we offer a 60 day 
        money back guarantee.



testimonials




dear michele: 
just wanted to let you know how 
              helpful i have found your ebook on starting a medical 
              transcription business at home to be. when i first got started, i 
              read the book from front to back and sideways too!! i have been in 
              business now for three months, and i continue to reread certain 
              sections over again for your valuable insights and advise.  i 
              would suggest this tool to anybody who is interested in medical 
              transcription!  it is a great help. thanks so much. 

sue civiletto, newfane, ny 14108 
              a transcription solution 




 





michele,
 

your e-book is awesome and a wealth 
                of information.  i would recommend it to anyone in the medical 
                transcription field.  the examples are wonderful and will help 
                me tremendously in setting up my business.  thanks so much!

 

norma cutler

oklahoma





 








                this e-book is the best, hands down, bar none!  there is no fluff, 
                every page has reliable information you can put to use to begin 
                your own at-home business.  when i finished school i knew that i 
                wanted to begin my own business but i had no idea how to do 
                so.  michele provides the reader with exactly what is needed to 
                work from home.  after having read this book i now have my own 
                business up and running.  truly, an invaluable resource!  
linda jones, post 
                falls, id





 







michele,
                i had to write to tell you thank you. 
                i bought your ebook and immediately read it and sent out 200 
                letters to doctors and clinics in my area. i had an interview  
                yesterday and landed an account for a clinic with over 200 
                doctors and therapists. 
i cannot begin to tell you what 
                you have done for me. my dream of being my own business owner is 
                finally coming true. the sky is the limit.  thanks again,
                
jennifer nirschl




orders are processed through clickbank, a 
        secure credit card server.  i offer an unconditional 60 day money 
        back guarantee - so you've got nothing to lose and everything to gain!









aloha michele,


 fyi... i'm a newbie and want you to 
                know that i started my own at-home business in june 2003 because 
                of all your great advice, information, and encouragement. just 
                wanted to say thank you.... starting my own business has been 
                the best thing i've ever done in my whole life.


mahalo nui loa (thank you very much 
                in hawaiian),


 luana







 







        don't trust just any medical transcription training course

        we now offer affordable private membership medical transcription 
        training!  our bbb accredited business is rated "a" by the 
        better business bureau.
        click the picture below to learn more!



 









***read 
            some of our previous newsletters in the
                archive:  click here***



medical transcription practice tapes 
        and cd wav files 
        now 
        available!



        www.medical-transcription-practice-tapes.com 


        line counting and invoice program for
        medical transcription

        www.count-lines.com
links 
        and more legitimate home based business ideas

home based business advice 101


online medical 
        transcription courses


        recommended medical transcription reference books

tips about medical 
        transcription home study courses
         
-
        testimonials -
                privacy policy and disclaimer - 
        newsletter - 
                recommended-resources

click
                here to see what 
                others are saying!
 
medical 
                transcription at home is a wonderful home based business.  
                let me show you how to start your own successful medical 
                transcription typing service!



 





articles of interest: 
                

a medical transcription at home 
          career

how to stay sane working at home

how to quit your job and 
                start a home based business

fire your boss 
          and start your own business!

it's your home business - will 
          it sink or swim?


read 
            some of our previous newsletters
click here


medical transcription tips 
            and answers to frequently asked questions
 






back to top
 
copyright
        2003-2013 simplistic solutions.. all rights reserved. 
        michele miller, medical transcription at home



any person or website 
distributing illegal copies of our copyrighted material, text, images,  
and/or products, or passing them off as their own, will be reported to their 
hosting company, and any other company associated with the person or website in 
question.  a copyright infringement lawsuit will follow in accordance with 
the digital millennium copyright act.  
we routinely check for copyright infringement. 

 
 


           



































































 







 




more
testimonials are on the "what others are saying page"... 
testimonial april
                2013
awesome
                books!  thanks so much for over-delivering on the
                information i so much needed.
janet evans,
                astoria, ny
testimonial march 
                2012
hey michele,
thanks so much 
                for this ebook, and the bonus books, which were really helpful.  
                there is so much information crammed into them that i can't 
                believe it.  i'm so excited about doing medical 
                transcription at home now!
best wishes,
                marian henson, nyc
testimonial jan 
                2012
hello michele:
since investing 
                in your home transcription ebooks, i wanted to let you know i 
                have opened my business and now have two groups of doctors.  
                i even had to hire two subcontractors to help me with the 
                work-load!  i meant to email you a thank you note before 
                now.  your books totally helped me get this business off 
                the ground, and i still refer to them frequently. 

                wishing you the very best! karen rogers, nc
testimonial dec 
                2010
dear michele,
                 
                i just wanted to let you know how much i have appreciated your 
                book. i am a medical secretary and want to start a business 
                from home. i just can't believe that a book exists to tell me 
                how to do it step by step, and in such detail. thank you michele.
damien smith,
                australia
testimonial nov, 
                2009

hi michele,

                  your ebook downloaded without any problems.  i loved it.  this 
                  will be the first time i bought an ebook and felt it was well 
                  worth the money.  i can't thank you enough for writing it.    i really do appreciate you being so helpful and 
                  honest.  i had so many questions that you answered.  i 
                  probably will be sending another thank you once i get this 
                  business up and running.

 

thank you, lacia
                  weeki wachee, fl
 

testimonial aug, 2009

your book has been invaluable.  thank you 
                for everything!  i am almost ready to be up and running with all 
                of your suggestions.  you have been a great help.  i can not 
                wait to get your newsletter.  this is one of the first things i 
                have purchased online that has been so useful.
                 
                thanks, 
                sherry camp, oregon


                testimonial jan, 2008


michele,

 


i just wanted to say thank 
                  you.  i landed this account and am thrilled to finally be my 
                  own boss.  no more getting half of what i should be getting 
                  paid and having someone else tell me if i can take the day 
                  off.  i couldn't have done it without your guidance.  your 
                  ebook as well as your personal attention is worth way more 
                  than i paid. 


 


thank you again, 


tammy price, 
roseville, ca

testimonial
                november 2007

i had written 
                  1-1/2 years ago after getting your ebook. i had landed an 
                  account with a clinic with over 200 doctors. i also took a 
                  smaller account, which was only to be on an as needed basis, 
                  and ended up being a steady account as well.

 

i am writing now 
                  to tell you that things are great. i am looking into expanding 
                  my business further and look forward to growth and success in 
                  this business. still after all of this time your book was 
                  still the best one i have come across.

 

michele, i just 
                  had to write to 
                  thank you again.
 

jennifer nirschl
                  ============
michele, i know 
              you're busy, but, i just had to write and say, awesome e-book!  
              it is well worth the $49.97.  i am an rn, but trying to 
              pastor a small church.  i think becoming an mt will allow me 
              much greater flexibility.  

              thank you so much.  
              sincerely,
              billy d. haney
 




 






sign up for my 
                newsletter and get my free ebook 
                about starting a business at home!
                click  
here 
                

                get my 5-day mini e-course about medical 
                transcription 
here
 




 

 
 






                testimonial- june 2009

i've just finished reading 
                  your ebook.........i loved it! it has gotten me so excited! 
                  before reading your book i was very unsure of what my next 
                  step would be after getting my certificate in medical 
                  transcription. now, i not only know what my next step is, but 
                  the next, and the next, and the next! your book, and knowing 
                  that i have your support, has given me the confidence i need 
                  to take charge of my future.  thank you michele!
vivian dale, trenton, 
                  georgia
 


 










medical transcription practice tapes and 
                cd wav files now 
                available 


 lowest price on the net!
 






















 