































    fence company | seaboard, nc | jones fence & deck llc
  














               


      

(252) 534-1430

call today!

  




   address:
2012 jackson bypass rd seaboard, nc 27876

     

 










       home



  services


   fencing



  decking



  porch addition



  fence building & repair



  deck building & repair





  gallery



  feedback



  reviews



  contact












    
 





          the name you've come to know and trust
schedule a free consultation with us today!
  

contact us







    fence & deck installation in halifax county, nc

welcome to jones fence & deck llc. we are proud to be the premier locally owned and operated source for your custom fence and deck needs throughout halifax county and the surrounding areas. get in touch to learn what we can do for you.



    custom fencing

whether you need a new fence or a new deck to your home, fencing plays a big role in your property. you need a fence company in halifax county, nc that is an expert and has the resources and experience to always get the job done right.
at jones fence & deck llc, we specialize in custom fencing, including wood, decorative aluminum, chain link and agricultural fencing for both commercial and residential clients alike. in addition to our fencing services, we also offer wood and composite decking, concrete driveways and patios. if you are interested in new fence installation in halifax county, nc, we hope you will get in touch with jones fence & deck llc today. here are just a few reasons why you can feel comfortable about your decision to do so:
 we are a local, family-owned and operated small business in halifax county, nc.we provide a wide range of fence, deck and porch services and products.our company is fully insured for your peace of mind.strong customer service is our top priority.our prices are among the best in the area.


  

 our facebook feed

 
  






    proudly offering fence installation and decking to the halifax county area and the following areas:

     
 
lake gaston, nc     
 
roanoke rapids, nc     
 
littleton, nc     
 
halifax, nc     
 
enfield, nc     
 
rocky mount, nc     
 
weldon, nc     
 
ahoskie, nc     
 
norlina, nc     
 
macon, nc     
 
warrenton, nc     
 
jackson, nc     
 
woodland, nc     
 
gaston, nc     
 
conway, nc     
 
mufreesboro, nc     
 
halifax county, nc     
 
hertford county, nc     
 
bertie county, nc     
 
rich square, nc







     


  


    contact information


jones fence & deck llc
address: 2012 jackson bypass rd seaboard, nc 27876
phone:
(252) 534-1430
    

 




payment options:﻿
  






  business hours


   mon - fri
 9:00 am 
- 5:00 pm


 sat - sun
closed




  our location


 




       

 







   content, including images, displayed on this website is protected by copyright laws. downloading, republication, retransmission or reproduction of content on this website is strictly prohibited. terms of use 
| privacy policy






















































































































  
  share by:





















