











home city of waco






























































opens in new tab or window 






water conservation

notice: waco residents and businesses are required to follow a 3-day watering schedule all year.
water conservation plan information

close this announcement






skip to main content








quick links


meeting agendascodes & ordinancesmywacotvfacebooktwitterinstagramyoutube



english (united states) select this as your preferred languagespanish select this as your preferred languagechinese (simplified) select this as your preferred languagefrench select this as your preferred languagegerman select this as your preferred languageitalian select this as your preferred language



            select a language to translate to
		




english (united states) select this as your preferred languagespanish select this as your preferred languagechinese (simplified) select this as your preferred languagefrench select this as your preferred languagegerman select this as your preferred languageitalian select this as your preferred language









					city of waco - home - logo
					



open search



menu








about waco

sub-menu

waco's 175th anniversarycity of waco attractionsdowntown waco free parkingcameron parkcameron park zoolake waco wetlandsrestaurantsshop waco giftstexas ranger hall of famevisiting wacowaco flagwaco mammoth national monumentwaco regional airport

business
sub-menu

advertising opportunitiesbid opportunitiesdevelopment guideincentivesinfrastructurepermits & licenseswhy waco

departments
sub-menu

airportanimal servicescameron park zoocity attorney’s officecity manager's officecity secretary's officecode compliancecommunications & marketingconvention & visitors servicescourteconomic developmentfiscal management servicesfire departmenthealth districthousing & community developmenthuman resourcesinformation technologyinspection serviceslibrarymetropolitan planning organizationneighborhood engagementparks & recreationplanning servicespolice departmentpublic workspurchasingsolid wastetexas ranger hall of fametransit systemwater utility services

government
sub-menu

beautification, arts & cultureboards & commissionsbudgets & reportscity councilcapital improvement projectscity directoryclaim for damageselectionsmetropolitan planning organizationvision, mission & valuesorganizational chartpublic meetingssustainability & resiliencytransparencyperformance measures dashboardwatch council meetingswaco youth council

resident
sub-menu

bus routescity limits newslettercommon questionscontact the cityfinancial assistancehealth districtfree community wi-fimy homeneighborhood engagementpublic safetyquick links








search











home



pay my water bill




report a problem




directory




trash pick-up schedule




apply for a job




downtown development



news













waco city council appoints new city attorney
published on february 05, 2025
on tuesday, feb. 4, waco city council unanimously voted to appoint kristen hamilton-karam as the new city attorney for the city of waco. kristen join us from el paso where she served as deputy city attorney. she is a graduate of seton hall university school of law with previous experience as el paso isd counsel.










application period for the city of waco may 3 general election
published on february 03, 2025
the city of waco will hold its general election for city councilmembers representing districts ii, iv, and v on saturday, may 3, 2025. residents interested in running for a seat may file their application from wednesday, january 15, 2025, through friday, february 14, 2025.









housing & community development survey
published on january 30, 2025
the city of waco is currently developing its 2025 annual action plan to improve housing options and encourage community development in the city. your input is essential to help us focus our efforts and the limited federal resources we have on the programs and services that are truly important and needed. take the survey and share your input!









interstate 35 waco south construction coming soon
published on january 30, 2025
the texas department of transportation is gearing up for a major four-year expansion project on interstate 35. construction is scheduled to begin in february and will focus on the stretch between 12th street and highway 6.




view more news



events













20
feb
2025
gospel explosion
february 20, 2025
you're invited! in celebration of black history month, doris miller community center will host the annual gospel explosion on thursday, february 20 at the waco multi-purpose center, 1020 elm ave.










21
feb
2025
city of waco job fair
february 21, 2025
join the city of waco for a job fair from 2:30 to 5:30 p.m. at dewey community center to explore exciting career opportunities. meet department representatives and learn about open positions.









22
feb
2025
polar plunge
february 22, 2025
the waco police department partners with special olympics texas each year to raise money for local special olympics athletes! come to cheer us on or take the plunge with us!









24
feb
2025
free tax prep
february 24, 2025
the students from la vega high school's business program are back at central library to help you file your taxes for free. this service is available most mondays until the tax deadline. be sure to bring all your tax documents as well as an id and the social security cards for everyone on the tax return. no registration required. check the schedule.




more city events
other events around waco



notices






				early notice of proposed activity in ffrms floodplain
			
		
				early public notice 8-step decision making process – paige estates affordable senior multifamily development
			






				adopted tax rate
			
		
				city of waco adopted a tax rate that will raise more taxes for maintenance and operations than last year's tax rate.the tax rate will effectively be raised by 0.70 percent and will raise taxes for maintenance and operations on a $100,000 home by approximately $-9.76.
			






				notice about 2024 tax rates
			
		
				this notice concerns the 2024 property tax rates for city of waco. this notice provides information about two tax rates used in adopting the current tax year's tax rate.
			






				accessory dwelling units
			
		
				consider an ordinance amendment to chapter 28 zoning of the code of ordinances for the city of waco, texas for the purpose of adding a definition for accessory dwelling unit, determining the zoning districts in which accessory dwelling unit will be allowed as a permitted use, and establishing design and development standards for accessory dwelling unit.
			




find my neighborhood & council district

 enter your street address

connect with waco



transparency portal
view dashboard about financial transparency and check register.




open records request
visit our online portal to submit a public records request.




adopt an animal
adopt your next furry friend from our animal shelter partner.




current bid opportunities
review active requests for bids, quotes and proposals.




municipal court
get information about court programs, fines, and payment options.




better streets waco
find details on waco's infrastructure improvements.




stay up to date

sign up for city of waco news!we'll do our best to keep you up to date on city information based on your preferences.
sign up now





back to top









contact us
comments & concerns:
mywaco portal
(254) 299-2489
city of waco, texas
po box 2570
300 austin avenue
waco, tx 76702
view map

quick links
 
brand guide


municipal court


pay water bill


recognize an employee



share & connect
 

facebook




twitter




youtube




instagram











privacy statement & disclaimer | sitemap | employees only



                                    © 2025 city of waco | powered by granicus

















