












welcome | louisehauck.com






      skip to main content
    




skip to footer menu

menu








louisehauck.com

illuminations












 









breadcrumb


                  home
              




welcome














primary links


home


news


about louise


books


services


media


contact











louise p. hauck - futurist and intuitive - author of beyond boundaries, the adventures of a seer, heart-links, fearless future, streaming consciousness, and "i'm still in here!"
louise is a 'time-traveling' clairvoyant, intuitive spiritual counselor who views beyond the physical dimension where all time exists simultaneously. you could say that 'time is nature's way of keeping everything from happening all at once.' this is how time is perceived in this dimension, through a lens that makes time appear linear, sequential, chronological. the information louise receives is becoming increasingly multidimensional—multi-layered in meaning, purpose, and relevancy.
in consultations, louise scans, and then interprets information accessed in the flow of streaming consciousness, an infinite source of information existing beyond the illusion of linear time and this temporal, physical experience. she presents 'another point of view' that shows how her clients' lives can truly make sense. she describes scenes from the past existing in a 'no-time zone,' ones that spell out themes and limiting beliefs that prevent the client from making new, spontaneous choices in the present.
she then re-frames present situations and relates probable future information (positive and preventative)—not as a psychic fortune teller—since living in the future minimizes the potential for new opportunities and relationships. instead, she interprets future information for purposes that are relevant to the present, and with the intention of pointing her clients in the direction of a more positive, probable future. louise extends this process in her intuitive life coaching program.
death is also perceived in a very limited, inaccurate fashion, surrounded by much fearful speculation and old teachings, meant to control humanity through fear. louise interprets for 'non-physical' souls who have made their transition from this dense, physical dimension. 
louise also interprets telepathically for people who are unable to communicate, but have a lot to say— those living with the effects of dementia, autism, stroke, coma and sustained on life support. she also communicates in this way with infants and elderly, and with souls who've completed their journey to the light. louise also interprets for clients' pets. 
louise is an internationally known speaker who presents critical information to help audiences make the leap from spiritual ideals to personal and practical applications of metaphysical teachings for the times ahead. louise's presentations are inspiring, humorous, and entertaining. she challenges your limited perceptions of time and pierces the illusion—and your fears—about death.
"at one point in my attempt to understand how it is that i am able to see clairvoyantly beyond the illusions of death and linear time, i approached physicists with questions. i was gathering some interesting information when two individuals came forward to caution me, 'you do not need physics or science to define your work! let it stand alone!'" these two people were the late willis harman and gary zukav. peter russell also supported this bridge between the scientific and the metaphysical, and larry dossey, md, confirmed a shared awareness: "...swimming in the same waters of 'non-locality' and all its variations." all four are authors of important new paradigm books.
their message has influenced the direction of my work and my writing. i am continually shaping both to respond effectively to a growing hunger folks have today for information that may not be scientifically proven nor quantifiably defined, but which revives their spiritual identity and offers an expanded view of life that is down to earth, practical, relevant and immediately useful."

gary zukav (dancing wu li masters, the seat of the soul and soul stories)
peter russell (a white hole in time and the global brain and from science to god)
willis harman (past president of the institute of noetic science)
larry dossey, md (recovering the soul, space, time and medicine, and the healing power of ordinary things).

louise keeps you informed in the news, posting updates and tidbits along the way. you'll learn about the various ways she uses her talents on the services page. you can watch some fun interviews on the media page and browse the image gallery, as well. you'll find a list of her books and can follow her whereabouts on the schedule. in the about section you'll learn more about louise and read clients' own responses to her work in the testimonials.  check out louise’s illuminating 'illuminisms' in the video section. you'll enjoy watching her discuss various topics in videos on her youtube channel.
louise@louisehauck.com















louisehauck.com

illuminations












main navigation (1st column)


home


news


featured articles


angel stories


animal communication




about louise


q&a


testimonials


schedule




contact






main navigation (2nd column pt. a)


books


i'm still here


streaming consciousness


fearless future


heart-links


beyond boundaries


illuminations book collection








main navigation (2nd column pt. b)


media


image gallery


audio


video


press kit








main navigation (3rd column)


services


consultations


consultations for caregivers


group consultations


apprentice program


intuitive life coaching


intuition advancement series


presentations


monday minis


saturday questions










youtubefacebookinstagramsubscribe to rss©1986-2025 illuminations









