













old town guesthouse b&b: bed and breakfast in colorado springs co

































































old town guesthouse b&b


old town guesthouse b&b navigation menu

skip to main content
welcome
blog
sitemap
photo gallery
view all guest rooms
policies
directions/contact information
breakfast at the inn
experience
specials
accessibility statement
events





official site: get your best rates
we guarantee our best prices are available directly through this official website
book direct









call (719) 632-9194 for assistance


     


check availability 




menu


main menu
skip to image rotation. please use up and down arrow keys to navigate between images.
skip to primary content
rooms

guest rooms

view all guest rooms
indian paintbrush / hot tub / fireplace
african orchid / hot tub / fireplace
oriental poppy / hot tub / fireplace
victorian rose / hot tub / fireplace
colorado columbine / king bed / fireplace
old town cactus / steam shower sauna
moroccan jasmine / steam shower sauna
explorer / economical comfort


amenities
ada property features
check availability
book now
gift certificates


about us

breakfast at the inn
policies
photo gallery
blog


specials
events
experience
find us

map
directions
contact us


 








check in: 
check out: 




check availability











 rooms






 packages






 breakfast






 gallery






 area activities









welcome to old town guesthouse b&bexplore our packages and look at all the extras our inn offers! 




designed to complement its historic victorian neighborhood, this delightful bed and breakfast was newly built in 1997 on the footprint of the original 1892 city hall, jail, and firehouse. only a few steps away from numerous boutiques, galleries, and restaurants, this is a neighborhood landmark in the heart of historic old colorado city.

old town guesthouse b&b caters to adults for leisure travel, provides a unique colorado romantic getaway for couples, welcomes wedding parties, families and reunions, and accommodates flexible schedules for business travelers. eight themed rooms offer exceptional accommodations, and your room price includes breakfast and free off-street parking. tesla and universal ev charging stations are available as well.
every room offers an extraordinary mountain view. the environment is smoke-free. the african orchid room offers ada-approved lodging with an elevator making all areas of the inn fully accessible.
there is a private conference center that can accommodate over 40 guests, and its modular furnishings may be arranged to suit any gathering. the room is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
you’ll not find a more contemporary, thoughtfully designed, amenable inn than old town guesthouse b&b. the value speaks for itself – full breakfast, hot tubs and fireplaces in suite, game room with pool table, darts and minicade, free wi-fi, free parking (with ev options) live streaming tv, guest pantry, and our in-house dvd library. central to all mountain activities and attractions, plus our charming, walkable neighborhood location, old town guesthouse b&b guarantees a stay that’s fun, relaxing, and memorable!

read more 



get our best ratesour best prices are available directly through this official website.book direct


read our recent posts
 

 old town guesthouse: a dog-frien...
  old town guesthouse: a dog-friendly retreat for you and your fur babies at old town guesthouse, we... read more
 
 

 top 9 reasons we’re the be...
when it comes to unforgettable getaways in colorado, the old town guesthouse in colorado springs stands in a... read more
 
 

 winter special at the best b...
35% off each night, no minimum! we are located right off colorado avenue where there are lots of amazing... read more
 









 











 old town guesthouse b&b
115 s 26th street colorado springs, co 80904 phone: (719) 632-9194
https://www.oldtown-guesthouse.com    relax@oldtown-guesthouse.com
latitude: 38.8475514 longitude: -104.8666694





 


 








© old town guesthouse b&b 2025. all rights reserved 2025. website design and marketing by acorn marketing.  accessibility statement | privacy policy | site map




















 


