





evcc kids – east valley childrens center  
 





















  






 
 


 

new to evcc…the evcc approach to care
our physicians and staff
our facility
our history
what parents & kids are saying
how your child can become our patient
evcc patients…make, change or cancel an appointment
it’s time to see the doctor when…
refill a prescription
update your information
patient forms
pay your bill
the evcc book 
evcc book: table of contents

medical resources

east valley childrens center


helpful links 
american academy of pediatrics







 



 

home



novel coronavirus (covid-19)



east valley children’s center (evcc) takes the health of your child and of your family very seriously.
during this unprecedented national emergency of the novel coronavirus outbreak, evcc would like to reassure and assure you that every care is being taken to make sure your experience at evcc is a safe one!
our experts in the front office will be asking a few additional questions when scheduling your child’s appointment over the phone. this intentional step is designed to ensure the safety of all patients, both those coming for their well visits and those with current illness.
we are in constant contact with american academy of pediatrics, maricopa county health department and our local pediatric hospitals, in an effort to keep our families
up-to-date with the latest information on the outbreak.
together, we can overcome our fear with facts!
important websites:
centers of disease control and prevention: cdc.gov
american academy of pediatrics: aap.org


east valley children’s center provides prompt, compassionate, expert care for children of all ages and all levels of need.

our approach is based on the belief that healthy children are happy children – children who learn better, play better and behave better. we also believe that your primary care pediatrician should be your advocate – always looking out for your child’s and your family’s best interests. evcc is committed to delivering a convenient, effective and non-threatening experience built around your child’s unique needs and personality. learn more about the level of care we provide, our doctors, and how your child can become our patient, by selecting from the menu to the left.
        










  copyright ©2014 all rights reserved.
east valley children's center 3200 s. george drive, tempe az 85282     ( map )
    480.839.9097   (fax) 480.839.1762 / terms of use / refund/return/cancellation policy
office hours: by appointment only. m-f 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. evenings & saturdays on urgent basis only.






