



  




residence life cinema | swank motion pictures


























 




 



 
 
 

an all-in-one student engagement streaming platform
 

discover a streaming solution – created exclusively with the college audience in mind – designed to help you reach your goals by strengthening and engaging your entire campus.


get started        take a tour

 
 



 




 



 
 

benefits
 
 
 






hand-select your entire library from 30,000+ movies and shows.
custom messaging feature to easily communicate with residents.
branded platform featuring school logo, colors and one-of-a-kind name.
free psa content to spotlight important topics like title ix, mental health, drug and alcohol abuse, and more.
fully ada-compliant platform plus multi-language options.
create a sense of belonging between ra’s and residents by utilizing movies to foster discussion.



 
 
 
 



 
 
 
meet residents’ streaming expectations
 



 
 


get started        take a tour

 
 
 



 
 
 



 
 


“the number of films available is staggering. when we say, ‘there’s 500 movies on the site,’ students’ eyes boggle a bit. and the fact we have control over what films are on the platform is meaningful.”



 
 


“we use the campus clips for topics that are hard to talk about: mental health and sexual assault prevention education. they’re short. they get to the point really quickly and in an engaging way. plus, the students cannot skip [campus clips] so they see the information the university really wants to push out to them prior to the movie.”



 
 


“our rlc platform has been so beneficial. we have high engagement, students are excited to use it, and they are excited to find movies that are not available on other platforms. and it’s free for them, so we really appreciate that perk for our residents.”



 
 


get started        take a tour

 
 
 



 
 
 
 

what do we need to launch this service on our campus?
launching this service on your campus is simple. all you need to do is provide us with your campus ip ranges and we can have the service up and running for students within 2 business days.
 
what content is available on the platform?
we’re partnered with over 90% of hollywood studios, which means we’ve got the latest releases, popular throwbacks and binge-worthy tv shows - all accessible in one convenient platform. take your pick from a library of over 30,000 movies and tv shows, but don’t sweat it, we’re here to help guide you on what’s most popular for students.
 
can i customize the platform?
yes! our solution offers full customization, from the movies and tv shows to the pre-show commercials, right down to the colors and branding of the platform itself. it's all tailored to suit the unique needs of your campus.
 
how do students access the service?
accessing the service is easy for students. they simply click on your campus’s unique url and dive into their favorite content, anytime, anywhere on campus, from any device.
 
can we pilot the program before signing up for the service?
absolutely! we are offering a limited time opportunity to trial the service on campus to ensure that it’s a good fit for you. reach out to learn more about the options.
 
 
 




 
 


let's talk

contact us to learn more about how swank can bring movies to life on your campus.
 
 


 



 
 
 
 















