private sale, los alcazares, murcia, detached property with pool.detached property in los alcázares, murcia, spaincontactprivate sale - price €429.000 €399.950this unique freehold detached villa on its own spacious 982m2 corner plot is located in the distinctive urbanisation of las lomas del rame. it combines the benefits of rural style living with convenient proximity to all amenities. the town centre of los alcazares, la serena golf course, senator mar menor golf & spa resort, bars, restaurants, the bus station, and the fantastic beaches of the mar menor lagoon are all within walking distance. the town of san javier is about 10km to the north, the city of cartagena is about 15km to the south, and the new murcia international airport at corvera is a roughly 35km away. the property is comprised of the main house plus other buildings, each with separate access. the price has been generously reduced as the property is currently in need of some minor renovation work, the saving makes this an a ideal opportunity to purchase a large property which can conveniently be adapted to the puchaser's taste and requirements. it is a solid house located in an elevated position that has been free from the flooding that affected properties in nearby areas.the main house comprises three double bedrooms, one with full en-suite bathroom, linked to an open plan family room with kitchen area and further three quarter bathroom. there is a separate large formal lounge/dining room with main kitchen and the fourth double guest bedroom/studio with en-suite bathroom, accessed separately from a covered terrace area which adjoins the courtyard.a versatile propertythe house is of a typical single-level spanish design, built around a central courtyard. it could easily be divided up as a two/three generation abode, or to provide rental income. this property is much more than just a house though. in addition to the main living quarters and the guest suite there is a large barn and separate store room. the barn itself is divided into three separate rooms plus storage areas, and has been in use as a recording studio. a further outbuilding/studio is located in the grounds. there are five independent air conditioning units around the property, some of which also provide reverse cycle heating for the winter. this is supplemented by gas heating. water heating is also both gas and electric in case of problems with supply.covered outdoor areas include two terraces, plus a laundry/utility area. the front terrace and ideal for enjoyment of the cool sea breezes in the summer when daytime temperatures have been known to occasionally top 40°c. this large terrace is south-facing and overlooks the property's own huge 14 metre private swimming pool, and has views to fields and the hills of the sierra mineria, cartagena. the pool is of high quality gunite and glass tile construction. there is a pool cover to keep out dust and debris, and maintain good water quality during the winter months.  the further outbuilding/studio, separate from main house and guest suite has its own additional toilet facility and plumbing to easily allow fitting another shower in what is currently a storage area. this building is presently an art room/gym and could be used to provide additional guest accommodation; it has patio doors making it a lovely summer house overlooking the garden.  the large garden has palm trees, fruit trees and other shrubs as well as ample off-road shaded parking spaces. the gates are wide enough to allow access for caravan or motorhome parking. artificial grass near the foot gate entrance and on top of a raised island area aids water conservation and is low maintenance. the raised island hides a sunning area for privacy and currently also hides a satellite dish from view. with its low energy exterior lighting it provides a lovely barbeque area for the summer days and nights.  the total land surface area of the plot is 982m2 of which the combined constructed area of the house and outbuildings totals approximately 120m2. further development of the land has been investigated as a possibility and the los alcazares town planning department has advised in principle that planning permission to develop the land area to provide up to three separate residential dwellings would be automatic; and that a commercial development licence (e.g. to open one or more a restaurants or shops on the site) would also be readily obtainable. flexible options: the property can be sold furnished, part furnished or emptied according to the buyer's preference. please use the contact link at the top of the page to contact the owner. about the area the urbanisation is just a few hundred metres from a nature reserve on the shore of the mar menor, europe's largest lagoon - popular with bathers, boaters and watersports enthusiasts. there are various nature walking trails and horse trails. the friendly residents are comprised of many different nationalities and ages, and a variety of social events such as the annual summer fiesta provide an opportunity to meet and keep in touch with the neighbours.  travelling into town and to the schools, sports and leisure centres, and to the nearby cities is quick and easy. there are plentiful bus services and excellent roads and there are cycle lanes throughout the town. cycling is popular as the area is generally quite flat. along with the local golf course, plans are underway to develop the previously agricultural area between the urbanisation and the town centre with a new boulevard of shops and cafés.  according to the world health organisation, the regional climate of the costa calida is one of the best in the world. © 2017-2023. unauthorised use or reproduction of any of the text or images of this site is strictly prohibited. nothing on this page is intended to form part of any contract or agreement.