





robbie & mike's hawaiian luau wedding & reception












































 







 

 






















 








instead of a traditional, stuffy wedding that nearly everyone 
dreads, we wanted to have a fun celebration that our guests would remember for 
years to come. also, did you know the average cost of a wedding in this part of 
the us was $37,646.21 in 2003? that's ridiculous! our goal was to produce a 
high-quality wedding and reception at a fraction of that cost. i can't recall exactly how we came up with the idea of a luau, 
but once the theme was set, the ideas flowed freely.



the first and most important detail had to be worked out 
before all others: where to hold such an occasion. the best place for this 
beach-themed event would have been an outdoor venue, but fearful of 
unpredictable weather here in ohio, we opted for an indoor reception hall. boy 
was that a good choice - it stormed all night during the wedding and reception. since 
both of us are spiritual, but not belonging to a specific church, we didn't feel 
the need to have a church wedding. the ceremony itself would take place on the 
dance floor, in the center of the reception hall, where everyone could easily 
look on from their tables.


once we found out reception hall, we were 
excited to get started picking the
decorations and favors 
that would make this event to fun. 
      oriental trading company offered almost 
everything we needed, from leis to a limbo game, at affordable prices. bit by 
bit, we ordered all we'd need from them, including plates, cutlery, and other 
tableware. ebay proved 
to be a great place to find the odd items, like a
      conch horn to be blown to get the crowd's attention.


from the beginning, we knew we wanted to 
make our own food, versus 
hiring a caterer. we tried out many recipes, eliminated some, combined others, 
and came up with a great menu. we made most of the food ourselves, but relatives 
offered to prepare some of it. we selected the easier recipes, purchased all the 
ingredients, and passed out everything they'd need to prepare the dishes. the 
help was invaluable!


though we were doing most of the work 
ourselves on the wedding, we knew we had to hire a d.j. that was easy, but 
picking the music was a 
chore in itself. we selected our favorite songs from a song list book we 
received in the mail from a prospective d.j., then calculated approximately how 
many songs would actually be able to be played, and narrowed down our favorites 
to what would actually be played. for the music to be played as our guests 
arrived, we chose an instrumental c.d.,

2 pan paradise by greg macdonald
. also on that c.d. was


hawaiian wedding song
, which we decided to use for our processional.

orinoco flow by enya
 was our choice for the recessional. for while people were eating, we 
chose some themed songs, including a lot of 
the beach boys
 and 
jimmy buffett
. from the time the cake was cut 'till the end, the music was a mix of 
oldies, country, disco, 80's, and a few recent top 100 songs.


being crafty and somewhat creative, i wanted 
to design all the invitations, rsvp cards, and programs myself. not only did i do that, but we 
printed, cut, and folded everything, too. everything turned out beautifully and 
was able to be customized for each and every guest, hopefully giving them a 
sense that we wanted this to be special for them, too.


instead of an expensive photographer, we 
opted for the disposable wedding camera route. to save a few extra bucks, we 
purchased generic single use cameras, printed instructions on sticker paper, and 
pressed the directions on the backs of each camera. voila! instant wedding 
cameras for each table. out of those 360 pictures, plus additional pictures 
taken by family, i think we'll have a great selection of photos to choose from 
and reprint as necessary.


ladies, don't think i forgot the most 
exciting part for many brides - the
dress,
flowers, and
jewelry. the clothing 
and flowers were 
ordered from the internet and shipped to us directly from hawaii. it was easy to 
find matching tropical print wedding outfits, as many sites out there feature 
such categories on their storefronts. same for the flowers; most tropical flower 
sites i visited offered a separate section of wedding flowers. you'd be 
surprised at the low price such items are available for; even with shipping, we 
couldn't have found these items cheaper locally. as for the jewelry, it was all 
handmade by me.


with some extra time to play, we created a 
few special touches with homemade items. we made a bamboo card hut to collect gifts, a bamboo picture 
frame with a matching mat for our guests to sign in lieu of a guestbook, 
handmade the wedding jewelry, and decorated the cake serving set to match the 
theme.





      if you have benefited from the information on this site 
and would like to 

      make a donation
in any amount, from 50¢ to $50, it would help keep this site up and running for 
others.








robbie's web site

robbie's photo album

contact robbie




do not reprint, publish, or
        display content within this site without permission from
        the 
webmaster
        unless for personal use. copyright © 2003-2011 all mixed up, ltd. all rights 
        reserved.





