













north las vegas visitors guide - northlasvegas.com










































































tuesday , february 18 2025
las vegas raiders, wrestlemania, vegas golden knights – best tickets & seats!












 
northlasvegas.com north las vegas visitors guide

 




home
activities
calendar
concert & event tickets
history
hotels & resorts
real estate
vegas shows
weather
contact







welcome to north las vegas!  activities: fun las vegas activities include golf and horseback riding! calendar of events: our las vegas calendar of events is updated daily!  concert & event tickets: get the best tickets to every las vegas concert and event! las vegas shows: criss angel, donny osmond, cirque du soleil and more! history: the modern history of north las vegas begins with thomas l williams! hotels & resorts: the best las vegas hotels & resorts at the best rates!  real estate: find your north las vegas dream home today! weather: get the latest north las vegas weather forecast! contact us: questions about north las vegas? ask northlasvegas.com!





the sphere at the venetian resort las vegas




 



in the bustling heart of las vegas, where the unexpected is the norm, and over-the-top is a baseline, stands an architectural and technological marvel: the sphere at the venetian resort. this masterpiece is more than just another entertainment venue; it’s a testament to human innovation, marrying form with function, aesthetics …
read more »




bakkt theater, planet hollywood las vegas | tickets, schedule




 



  bakkt theater features impressive acoustics, unobstructed views, and one of the largest proscenium arch openings in the united states. in addition, this state-of-the-art venue also features a groundbreaking d&b sound system with more than 100,000 watts of power and one of the largest indoor projection surfaces in the world …
read more »




north las vegas elects 1st black mayor in nevada history




 



on november 8, 2002, when she was elected mayor of north las vegas, pamela goynes-brown also became the first black mayor in nevada’s history. her father, theron goynes was the first black man to serve as a member of the north las vegas city council, and later became mayor pro tem. …
read more »




bellagio’s conservatory & botanical gardens




 



when one thinks of las vegas, the first images that come to mind are the glitz, glamour, and gambling of the iconic strip. however, the city has much more to offer than just these popular pursuits. one such hidden gem is the bellagio’s conservatory & botanical gardens, a serene and …
read more »




pearl concert theater at palms casino resort, las vegas




 



the pearl concert theater at the palms casino resort is undoubtedly one of the most iconic entertainment venues in las vegas. nestled within the heart of the city, this state-of-the-art theater provides an unparalleled experience for both the performers and the audience. with its modern design, top-notch acoustics, and a …
read more »








*** more north las vegas articles here ***
 
 




las vegas concerts & shows!


las vegas concerts & shows!las vegas hotels & resorts!


las vegas hotels & resorts!the sphere at venetian las vegas > tickets!
 
the sphere at the venetian las vegas > best seats & ticket packages!

criss angel: mindfreak tickets
 
criss angel tickets on sale > best seats! planet hollywood las vegas 

las vegas outdoor activities!
 
las vegas outdoor activities!

contact northlasvegas.com!
 contact northlasvegas.com!

 
 

 



 
 | home
| activities
| calendar of events
| concert & event tickets
| las vegas shows
| history of north las vegas
| hotels & resorts
| weather
| real estate
| contact northlasvegas.com

 

 
 
 northlasvegas.com is the worldwide brand for north las vegas, nevada!

 

 




 


















 









