















afarensis: anthropology, evolution and science














skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar


















wednesday, may 20, 2009





moving to wordpress




after leaving scienceblogs one of my goals was to find a place where i could combine my posts from blogger and scienceblogs. after messing around with blogger for about a week i have decided to move to wordpress - which has a wide variety of importing tools. something lacking in blogger.  you can find me in my new, and hopefully permanent home at afarensis: anthropology, evolution, and science. please adjust your links accordingly. where remodeling will commence anew!



read more!


posted by
afarensis, fcd


at
5/20/2009 11:46:00 pm



























tuesday, may 19, 2009





were neandertals cannibalized by anatomically modern humans?




and can you really call it cannibalism if they are not homo sapiens neanderthalensis? the lemur/adapid/anthropoid paper is not the only anthropology paper out this week, nor is it the only one that has been the subject of over exuberant reporting. the gist of the story is that the jaw below contains cutmarks:the jaw may also be a neanderthal jaw associated with an aurignacian site. i don't have much to say about it it other than the few articles i saw played up the cannibalism. really, i just wanted an excuse to post the picture, but if you want to know more you can go read hawks. i'll have a post up on the adapid story sometime in the next couple of days.



read more!


posted by
afarensis, fcd


at
5/19/2009 11:45:00 pm


















labels:
aurignacian,
cannilbalism,
neanderthals,
paleoanthropology









sunday, may 17, 2009





corporate america and wage theft




kim bobo has an interesting discussion of the subject. having worked in corporate america all my working life, i particularly liked this part:the worker who steals from the employer is fired and may go to jail. the consumer who shoplifts goes to jail. the employer who steals wages will probably not get caught. in the last decade, if an employer were caught stealing wages, the employer might have to pay back the wages, but probably not all the wages actually owed. hopefully, the consequences for employers who steal wages will be more significant under the leadership of secretary of labor hilda solis.this part is good as well:on the other hand, there does seem to be a culture permeating many companies that suggests that the lowest wage you can get away with is the best wage. and given the pervasiveness of wage theft, we need some huge shifts - not only in wage enforcement but business culture.at any rate, go read the rest...there is also this



read more!


posted by
afarensis, fcd


at
5/17/2009 12:02:00 am


















labels:
life in corporate america









thursday, may 14, 2009





stupid creationist quote of the week




today we have comments by two commenters at ud. first up is a commenter named barb. barb left a rather lengthy comment talking about lucy. the part that earned her a "stupid creationist quote" award is this:the paucity of fossil evidence makes knowing all of human evolutionary history impossible. the best evidence for lucy came, not from bones or teeth, but from footprints.there are over 250 specimens referable to australopithecus afarensis - lucy being the most widely known example:al288-1 most of the specimens of a. afarensis were discovered in the 1970's, but a significant number have been discovered in the years since. our knowledge of a. afarensis does not come from the few papers written about the laetoli footprints. our knowledge of a. afarensis comes from a thorough study of their anatomy and by comparing these specimens to those of monkeys, apes, and hominins (including humans). at this point there are hundreds of scientific studies, consequently, anyone who claims that knowledge of "lucy" comes mainly from footprints quite simply does not know what they are talking about. barb then claims that all the fossils pertaining to human evolution can fit into a single coffin. she is corrected on this by a later commenter, who points to some fossils, then barry arrington jumps into the fray:eintown, thank you for making barb’s point even more forcefully. it shows what we already know to be the case. the fossils in question are very fragmentary (not complete skeletons as you implied), and altogether they could easily fit in an average sized coffin. i have addressed this idiotic argument in a previous post so i will quote from that:at omo over 500 specimens have been found representing gracile and robust australopithicines and early homo. at sterkfontein over 600 specimens representing over 50 individuals from australopithecus africanus, a. robustus and homo habilis. at makapansgat over 30 specimens representing approximately 12 individuals from a. robustus and h. erectus. at hadar over 250 specimens representing approximately 35 individuals from a. afarensis. at atapuerca/gran dolina 100 specimens from 6 individuals. at atapuerca/sima delos huesos 28 individuals. at predmosti 29 individuals. at dolni vestonce 35 individuals. at krapina 800 specimens representing over 80 indivuals. at vindija 80 specimens. at skhul 10 individuals. at shanidar 9 individuals. whats missing from the list i just presented are sites such as olduvai gorge and sangiran, among others. the amount of diversity in terms of morphology in the above list is certainly adequate to characterize the full range of variation for most of the species we are familiar with.furthermore:some of the other sites i didn't give figures for are koobi fora, modjerko, zhoukoudian (both the h. erectus site and the upper cave), abri pataud, jebel irhoud, (three fairly complete skulls, of which two are adult and one is a juvenile), allia bay, ambrona, arago, baringo, blombos, bodo, dali, maba, dmanisi, drimolen, florisbad, hexian, lake mungo, petralona, etc, the list goes on and on. the catalogue of fossil hominids put out by the british natural history museum in 1976 listed over 3900 fossils. i've heard recent estimates in the 10,000 range.finally some other sites where hominins of one sort or another have been found:swanscombe, steinheim, nariokotome, ndutu, olorgesailie, konso-gardula (in the middle awash), daka, ngandong, florisbad, die kelders cave, equus cave, border cave, klasies river mouth, herto, aduma, ngaloba, eliye springs, rabat, dar-es-soltane, mugharet el aliya, zouhra, engis, forbes quarry, neander valley, spy, ehringsdorf, le moustier, la chapelle-aux-saints, la ferrassie, la quina, mladec, brno, ochoz, sipka, cro magnon, laetioli, kanapoi, mauer, lothagam, lukenio, ngororaa, tabarin, bouri, peninj, chesowanja, konso, lomekwi, sali, trinil, gongwangling, lantian, yuanmou, jian shi, yiyuan, yunxian, boxgrove, bilzingsleben, ceprano, reilingen, biache, montmaurin, saccopatore, kabwe, saldanha, eyasi, st. cesaire, zuttiyeh, wajak, niah cave, kow swamp, tandou, just to name a few more...oh, i almost forgot olduvai gorge and flores.the specimens found at these sites range from fragments (which can be informative depending on the morphology that they preserve) to entire bones to partial or complete skeletons. we have already seen lucy, here are some others.part of the more complete "little foot" skelton - may be a. africanushomo habilis oh-62h. erectus knm-wt 15000neanderthal shanidar 4 and 6neanderthal shanidar 3neanderthal shanidar 1



read more!


posted by
afarensis, fcd


at
5/14/2009 09:32:00 pm


















labels:
creationism,
hominins,
insanity









tuesday, may 12, 2009





do deep sea fish have good hearing?




an interesting article over at national geographic looks at that question:roughly 90 percent of the ocean is completely dark, beyond the reach of the sun's rays.the researchers wondered if the fish had evolved to have sharper hearing, which might help them catch prey, find mates, or elude predators in the darkness. the researchers were looking at fish that lived in waters as deep as 1.6 miles. what they found was interesting:the inner ear (pictured) of a blue antimora (inset) is exceptionally rigid—a feature never before seen in a deep-sea fish, according to a study to be presented in may 2009.photograph courtesy xiaohong deng et al.; inset photograph courtesy noaa a couple of things stand out in the national geographic article. first, the ears were compared to those of surface dwelling fish and were found to have long rods attached to their  ototliths:"we do not quite know what [the stalks'] function is yet," said study co-author xiaohong deng, a marine biologist at the university of maryland.but deng suspects these stalks allow the otoliths to register sounds that would otherwise be too faint to hear.the ridgehead ears' also had very long hair bundles—features also seen in the ears of shallow-water species known to have great hearing, such as the pinecone soldierfish and clown knife fish. the bundles may enhance the fish's sensitivity to sound and to their own head motion, which would improve the fish equivalent of balance, deng said. second, a second species had rigid inner ears similar to that found in bluefin tuna. the close proximity of the swim bladder - an organ that controls buoyancy and amplifies sound - strengthens the suggestion. what this says to me is that evolution has found multiple ways of dealing with darkness. it also indicates that the affects of selection on the swim bladder, or for better hearing, are likely to have unintended consequences...



read more!


posted by
afarensis, fcd


at
5/12/2009 08:08:00 pm


















labels:
fish,
hearing,
interesting science news









monday, may 11, 2009





adapidae, omomyidae, and anthropoid origins: updated




in a previous post i discussed competing views about adapids and omomyids. in that post i said:there is a further complication. in both 2 and 3 above tarsiers are grouped with anthropoids and adapids are grouped with lemurs and lorises. the problem is adapids share quite a few traits with anthropoids, tarsiers share some traits with anthropoids but not lemurs and lorises. paleontological data supported a linking of adapids and anthropoids. comparitive anatomy (hemochorial placenta, presence of a retinal fovea, for example) and biochemical data supported a relationship between tarsiers (and consequently omomyids) and anthropoids. this led to something of a stalemate. if tarsiers (and hence omomyidae) were more closely related to the anthropoids (as the anatomical and biochemical data suggested) then adapids (as the paleontological data suggested) couldn't be. which was right. a very intersting solution to this problem was presented by gingerich and schoeninger in 1977. the suggestion wasn't paid much attention to until 1986, when rasmussen (in his 1986 paper "anthropoid origins: a possible solution to the adapidae-omomyidae paradox") revived it. grant the paleontological evidence that relates the omomyidae to tarsiers and adapidae to anthropoids. lemurs and lorises would then form a sister group to both the omomyidae-tarsier group and the adapidae-anthropoid group. consequently, tarsiers would be more closely related to anthropoids than to lemurs and lorises - which satifies the anatomical and biochemical evidence and the omomyid-tarsier and adapid-anthropoid groups could still be kept - satisfying the paleontological evidence.i bring this up because of recent news. once you get past the dreck about the "missing link" and small mammals (?) the article has some interesting points. if i read this article correctly the find would actually support rasmussen. from the article:the fossilised bones, which are thought to be between 37 and 47million years old, were found in germany’s messel shale pit, a disused quarry near frankfurt famous for its fossils.the team who examined the young female animal say it has some resemblance to a lemur, a mammal with a distinctive tail that is found to this day in the forests of madagascar.but sir david’s documentary will explain that the researchers have, controversially, concluded the fossil ‘is not simply a lemur’ but from a related group of primates which evolved into monkeys, apes and human beings.this supports the idea that lemurs and lorises are the sister group to two clades composed of omomyidae and tarsiers in one and adapids and anthropoids in the other...update 1: brian has an excellent post on the subject



read more!


posted by
afarensis, fcd


at
5/11/2009 07:35:00 pm


















labels:
adapids,
anthropoid origins,
primates









saturday, may 09, 2009





remodeling in progress




well, after three years or so i am back at my old blog. trying to spruce it up a little. more to come...



read more!


posted by
afarensis, fcd


at
5/09/2009 11:20:00 pm



























sunday, july 01, 2007





profile








read more!


posted by
afarensis, fcd


at
7/01/2007 02:41:00 pm



























friday, january 26, 2007





thylacine and wolf skulls








read more!


posted by
afarensis, fcd


at
1/26/2007 08:57:00 pm



























thursday, june 15, 2006





helping science education




the scienceblogs/donorschoose raise-money-to-help-science-classrooms-a-thon!although i am not an educator or an academic, science education is important to me. one of the reasons i blog is to try and explain the methods and techniques of anthropology - and related subjects - to people who do not know that much about the field.  i have even started a second blog devoted to providing educational resources relating to evolution to teachers and students. so it is with great pleasure that i announce the following challange...those of us who blog here at scienceblogs think science is cool, important, and worth understanding. if you're reading the blogs here, chances are you feel the same way.a lot of us fell in love with science because of early experiences in school -- teachers who made science intriguing, exciting, maybe a little bit dangerous. but tightening budgets are making it harder and harder for public school teachers to provide the books, equipment, and field trips to make science come alive for kids.donorschoose.org gives us a way to help teachers get the job done. a bunch of us at scienceblogs have set up bloggers challenges which will let us (and that includes you) contribute to worthy school projects in need of financial assistance. we'll be able to track our progress right on the donorschoose site. and -- because we like a little friendly competition -- we'll be updating you periodically as to which blogger's readers are getting his or her challenge closest to its goal.you don't need to give a barrel of money to help the kids -- as little as $10 can help. you're joining forces with a bunch of other people, and all together, your small contributions can make a big difference.who's in:here are the scienceblogs bloggers who are participating with bloggers challenges:a blog around the clock (challenge here)adventures in ethics and science (challenge here)aetiology (challenge here)afarensis (challenge here)cognitive daily (challenge here)evolgen (challenge here)gene expression (challenge here)good math, bad math (challenge here)island of doubt (challenge here)mike the mad biologist (challenge here)neurotopia, version 2.0 (challenge here)pharyngula (challenge here)pure pedantry (challenge here)the questionable authority (challenge here)the scientific activist (challenge here)stranger fruit (challenge here)terra sigillata (challenge here)uncertain principles (challenge here)the world's fair (challenge here)how it works follow these links to the donorschoose website.pick a project from the slate the blogger has selected (or more than one).donate.(if you're the loyal reader of multiple participating blogs and you don't want to play favorites, you can donate to multiple challenges!)when donors choose sends you a confirmation email, forward it to:sb.donorschoose.bonanza@gmail.comthis is your contest entry.sit back and watch the little donation thermometers inch towards 100 percent. once the challenge ends, we'll select winners at random.contest you say? what's that about?just in case you're on the fence about helping the kids, we thought we'd provide some incentives. they are:subscriptions to seed magazinescienceblogs mugswhat we believe but cannot prove, edited by john brockmanthe republican war on science, by chis mooneyrebuilt: my journey back to the hearing world, by michael chorostsubscriptions to time magazineblogging in a snap, by julie melonigalileo's daughter, by dava sobelthe scientific renaissance: 1450-1630, by marie boas hallpaleoanthropology (1st ed) by milford wolpoff (gently used)administrative detailsthe contest will run from june 15 to july 1. email your entries by july 1! prize notification will start by july 5.  



read more!


posted by
afarensis, fcd


at
6/15/2006 10:40:00 am





























older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)






about me





afarensis, fcd


afarensis is a 3.5-2.8 million year old hominin from the kada hadar member of the hadar formation in the middle awash, ethiopia. he is approximately 41 inches tall, weighs approximately 60 pounds and has a cranial capacity of a whopping 410 cc (approximately). afarensis is currently considered to be transitional between apes and humans and displays some traits of both. since he spends a lot of time on the couch watching monster movies, some observers question whether he is an obligate biped (although no one has observed him climbing a tree). he also has a blog called transitions: the evolution of life

view my complete profile









blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2009

(7)





        ▼ 
      



may

(7)

moving to wordpress
were neandertals cannibalized by anatomically mode...
corporate america and wage theft
stupid creationist quote of the week
do deep sea fish have good hearing?
adapidae, omomyidae, and anthropoid origins: updated
remodeling in progress










        ► 
      



2007

(2)





        ► 
      



july

(1)







        ► 
      



january

(1)









        ► 
      



2006

(25)





        ► 
      



june

(2)







        ► 
      



january

(23)









        ► 
      



2005

(580)





        ► 
      



december

(64)







        ► 
      



november

(42)







        ► 
      



october

(36)







        ► 
      



september

(62)







        ► 
      



august

(44)







        ► 
      



july

(52)







        ► 
      



june

(70)







        ► 
      



may

(60)







        ► 
      



april

(69)







        ► 
      



march

(55)







        ► 
      



february

(23)







        ► 
      



january

(3)









        ► 
      



2004

(14)





        ► 
      



november

(7)







        ► 
      



october

(7)















aphorisms

"loyalty to petrified opinion never broke a chain or freed a human soul..." mark twain "ideology is a poor substitute for rational thought..." afarensis "it isn't faith that makes good science...it's curiosity" prof. jacob barnhardt, the day the earth stood still "this man wishes to be accorded the same privilege as a sponge. he wishes to think!" clarence darrow, inherit the wind "...i become fearful when i see people substituting fear for reason..."klaatu, the day the earth stood still "i want you to grab life by its little bunny ears and get in its face..." the simpsons"this is between me and the vegetable..."seymour krelborn, the little shop of horrors"there are bad laws and cruel laws and the people who enforce them are both bad and cruel..."thea, isle of the dead "with the first link, the chain is forged. the first speech censored, the first thought forbidden, the first freedom denied, chains us all irrevocably." jean- luc picard, star trek: the next generationthe whole edifice of the haeckelian program became irrelevant when developmental biologists shifted their efforts to understanding mechanisms of embryonic development. it became explicitly incorrect with the demise of lamarckian heredity in the face of mendalian genetics in the early twentieth century. - rudolf raff, the shape of life: genes, development, and the evolution of animal form "but the limit of tolerance for these human foibles is obtained when the proponent of a questionable scientific doctrine endeavors to maintain it against all possible odds by misrepresentation, misinformation and suppression of contradictory data, and by insinuating unfairness in opponents of his views."  franz weidenreich, morphology of solo man"man stands alone in the universe, a unique product of a long, unconcious, impersonal material process with unique understanding and potentialities. these he owes to no one but himself, and it is to himself that he is responsible. he is not the creature of uncontrollable and undeterminable forces, but his own master. he can and must decide and manage his own destiny."george gaylord simpson, life of the pastyeah he's the dick to the dawk to the phd,he's smarter than you he's got a science degree!yeah he's the dick to the dawk to the phd,he's smarter than you he's got a science degree!unknownwhoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster. and when you look into the abyss, the abyss also looks into you.frederich nietzschebut when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such government, and to provide new guards for their future security.the declaration of independence









blog roll

aardvarchaeology
abnormal interests 
alphapsy
alun
american anthropological association blog
ancient world bloggers group
anna's bones
anthroblogs: a community of anthropologist-bloggers
anthropology.net
anthrosite: paleoanthropology, archaeology and anthropology
antropologi.info
archaeolog
archaeology.about.com
archaeology: dig it
archaeology in europe
archaeozoology
a very remote period indeed
bad archaeology
becoming an anthropologist
bipedal locomotion
bone girl
bonobo handshake
clioaudio formerly archaeoastronomy
computing, gis, and archaeology in the uk
culture evolves
digging digitally
dienekes' anthropology blog
 ethnograblog
ethnography.com
erkan's field diary
estopadas arqueológicas 2.0
fagan talk
fieldnotes: notes on the anthropology of british columbia
fort 'o books
four stone hearthanthropology blog carnival site
freethinker's asylum
alexandra van der geer
 genetic chaos
golublog: an anthropology blog
hominin dental anthropology
hot cup of joe
in the province of anthropology
 john hawks anthropology weblog
kanyawara chimpanzee blog
keywords
 linguistic anthropology
livejournal anthropologist community
looting matters
mathilda’s anthropology blog
middle savagery
moneduloides
monkeys in the news
motes & theories on anthropology
mundo neandertal
museum anthropology
nomadic thoughts
northstate science
bone fragments and archaeologya great post on why archaeology does not support intelligent design
old dirt-new thoughts
open access anthropology
open access news
 paleoanthropology weblog
paleoglot
philanthropology
the prancing papio
a primate of modern aspect
primate diaries
publishing anthropology
purse lip square jaw
the real eolith
remote central
 rites of passage
rogue classicism
 salto sobrius
savage minds: notes and queries in anthropology
 seth d. dobson, ph.d.
michael shanks
sinanthropus
somatosphere: science, medicine, and anthropology
stones and bones
tabsir
testimony of the spade
this blog sits at the intersection of anthropology and economics
ting och tankar
wanna be an anthropologist
a writer's daily grind
yann klimentidis' weblog
 zinken

anthropology general and technical resources 
african burial ground
alabama archaeological society
a look at modern human origins
an annotated bibliography of the piltdown man forgery, 1953-2005
animal bones: identifying animal remains
animal diversity web
anthropology in the news
the archaeological conservancy
archaeological society of maryland
archaeological society of ohio
archaeological society of south carolina, inc.
archaeological society of virginia
arizona archaeological society
arkansas archaeological society
the archaeology channel
archaeo news
asian and australian craniometric data
atapuerca
becoming human: paleoanthropology, evolution and human origins
the bonobo page
center for american archaeology: kampsville archaeological center
center for desert archaeology
chinese fossil hominids
the clark university piltdown plot project
crow canyon archaeological center
cyark: 3d heritage network
diagnostic criteria for the comparison of human and american black bear skeletal elements
digimorph: digital morphology at the university of texas
don's maps
dmanisi
dry bones paleopathology project
dynamic development
earthworks
eskeletons project
evolution of hominid locomotion: a bibliography
evolution of the primate brain
üçagizli cave
fossil hominids
glendale anthropology dept skull gallery
geological society of america evolution and creationism resources
 gunshot wounds: a summary
handbook of avian anatomy
 human ancestors
human dentition
 human evolution: the fossil evidence in 3d
krapina
laboratory of tree-ring research
 the leakey foundation
louisiana archaeological society
middle awash project
mississippi archaeological association
museum of underwater archaeology: live journal project
north carolina archaeological society
 the open research scan archive
oreopithecus
osteointeractive
paleoanthropology
 paleoanthropology weblog
the paleoindian database of the americas
powell archaeological research center
primate evolution
primate info net
radiocarbon web info
radiology of the skeletonskeletal pathology
revolution: the science of evolution and the myth of creationism
riverweb: american bottom landing site
rock art archaeology anthropology
skulls unlimited
society for georgia archaeology
the society for pennsylvania archaeology, inc.
soil science for archaeologists
south dakota paleopathology
the stone age institute
talk origins
texas archeological society
the ultimate tree-ring pages
vermont archaeological society
virtual bone box: canine osteology
virunga national park
alligator: digital atlas of the skull
will's skull page
virtual wolf osteology
w. w. howells craniometric data
zooarchaeology
download anthropology papers
rebecca ackermann
daniel adler
peter aerts
jim ahern
susan anton
david begun
james boster
robert boyd
jack broughton
peter brown
e. s. buckler
james m. cheverud
russell l. ciochon
mark collard
bert covert
christopher dean
david degusta
eric delson
harold dibble
anthony di fiore
n. j. dominy
jelmer eerkens
james enloe
clark l. erickson
eduardo fernandez-duque
robert foley
dorothy fragaszy
philip gingerich
john gowlett
michael hammer
w. penn handwerker
harry harpending
terry harrison
katerina harvati
kristen hawkes
g. haynes
ralph holloway
nathan jeffery
clifford jolly
john kingston
dawn kitchen
ku laboratory of biological anthropology
joanna lambert
clark spencer larsen
daniel lieberman
steve leigh
sally mcbreaty
henry mchenry
d. j. meltzer
molecular anthropology group
jim moore
natalie munro
masato nakatsukasa
james f. o'connell
max planck institute, department of anthropology
primate evolution and morphology group (liverpool)
todd preuss
public interest anthropology at penn
todd rae
brian richmond
joan richtsmeier
james rilling
christopher ruff
p. thomas schoenemann
theodore schurr
jeffrey schwartz
michael smith
richard sosis
tanya smith
fred spoor
karen steudel-numbers
chris stringer
todd surovell
mark teaford
ucon human rights institute
nicole waguespack
robert walker
carol ward
randall white
bruce winterhalder
milford wolpoff
bernard wood
carol worthman
anne yoder
nathan young

 paleontology, geology, and astronomy
all my faults are stress related
antimonite
archaen zone: subducting over time
the bite stuff
 comparative mammalian brain collections
devonian times
down to earth
evolution of terrestrial ecosystems
faunmap
fish to amphibian transition
geology news
the grave yard
green gabbro
hairy museum of natural history
highly allochthonous
laelaps
the lancelet
lounge of the lab lemming
lower vertebrates database
memecioin spanish
mesozoic arachnids
mesozoic eucynodonts
miocene mammal mapping project
museum of the rockies
neogene marine biota of tropoical america
neogene of the old world
 oceans of kansas
o. c. marsh papers
the open source paleontologist
paleos bios
palaeos: the trace of life on earththe new location
the paleobiology database
palaeoblog
paleomap project
paleontology portal
permian tetrapods
the planetary society
rosetta stones
 science, antiscience and geology
 teach evolution and make it relevant
the therapsids
vertebrate paleontology laboratory
collection database
western geologist
stephen wroe
evolution, biology and science

 transitions: the evolution of life
 public employees for environmental responsibility
a blog around the clock
a daily mammal
aetiology
after the bar closes
amused muse
the ant room
archy
the austringer
a three pound monkey brain
beetles in the bush
 behavioral ecology blog
biology in science fiction
 bitch. ph.d
 bootstrap analysis
catalogue of organisms
cocktail party physics
 connecticut windows on the natural world
cosmic variance
 creek running north
the culture of chemistry
defending science, scientists and nonscientists
 de rerum natura
 dharma bums 
dianah nangammbi
dispatches from the culture wars
the dispersal of darwin
earth, wind & water
 ecology and evolutionary biology (ecoevo)
 entelligence: evolutionary intelligence
erv
the evilutionary biologist
evolution and medicine
evolutionary times
 the evolution project
evolution research - general evolution news
evolver zone
evo-theory
free association
frogs and ravens 
genetic argonaut
genetics and health
genomicron
 henry's webiocosm blog
the homely scientist
hpb etc.
i love dinosaurs
 immunoblogging
interrogating nature
international slide rule museum
the intersection
the infinite sphere
 interactive evolutionary computation
the inverted bowl
keat's telescope
ken miller's evolution page
law evolution science and junk science
the loom
migrations
millard fillmore’s bathtub
milkriverblog
myrmecos blog
niches
the national center for science education
 the non-evolution project
olduvai george
on being a scientist and a woman
on evolution
ontogeny
el paleofreak in spanish
the panda's thumb
physics of sex
pondering pikaia
the proper study of mankind
recursivity
red state rabble
rigor vitae: life unyielding
 science and sensibility
science matters
science notes
 scientia natura: evolution and rationality
snails tales
talk reason
tetrapod zoology
this week in evolution
thoughts from kansas
the tree of life
 unscrewing the inscrutable
tree of life random organism
download science papers
boughman lab
edmund d. brodie iii
chi-hing christina cheng
michael coates
feschotte lab
sergey gavrilets
goldin lab
graveley lab
david haig
lab of roger hanlon
daniel hartl
s. blair hedges
carol lee
lund lab
massimo pigliucci
tod reeder
noah rosenberg lab
szostak lab
ucsc genome bioinformatics
john wakeley
jason wolf
jianzhi zhang
science and politics
alphabitch
an ethereal girl's adventures in cyberland
badtux the snarky penguin
 brutal women
crooks and liars
eschaton
firedoglake
first draft
the green knight
i blame the patriarchy
 it's morning somewhere
joshua marshall
lair of the okapi
ok so i'm really not a cowboy
 orbis quintus
orcinus
pandagon
 sappho's breathing
 the progrssive co-op
 toyblog
washington monthly
 what she said!
"here there be monsters..."

 the seventh voyageray harryhausen!
barry's temple of godzilla
the astounding b monster
celluloid dinosaurs: a history of dinosaur movies
classic horror and science fiction
horror fonts
classic horror and science fiction pictures
classic horror
giant creature movies
mexican horror movies
monsters
science fiction movies
charles darwin

"but i had gradually come, by this time, to see that the old testament from its manifestly false history of the world, with the tower of babel, the rainbow at sign, etc., etc., and from its attributing to god the feelings of a revengeful tyrant, was no more to be trusted than the sacred books of the hindoos, or the beliefs of any barbarian." charles darwin: the autobiography
the imminent demise of evolution: 
 the longest running falsehood in creationism
darwin digital library of evolution
the writings of charles darwin on the web
darwin correspondence project
friends of charles darwin
the charles darwin foundation
the religion of charles darwin
the c. warren irvin collection of charles darwin and darwiniana
charles darwin has a posse
the huxley file
thomas huxley
selected essays of thomas huxley
evidence as to man's place in nature
the alfred russel wallace webpage
joseph dalton hooker website
hooker's   
on the vegetation of the galapagos archipelago
charles lyell
lyell's principles of geology
asa gray
gray's darwiniana: essays and reviews pertaining to darwinismedwin ray lankester has been removed from my links
r. a. fisher digital archive
thomas hunt morgan
thomas hunt morgan
buffon
lamarck









postrank












wish list

 amazon.com widgets









stat counter





view
my stats





 
















