





















waterhouse lab








      skip to main content
    






menu


waterhouse lab






























open search




search












    quick links
    +




university of california, davis


caes


bftv cluster


food science and technology


viticulture and enology


textiles and clothing


biological and agricultural engineering









main navigation (extended config)



home




          faqs





sources of phenolic compounds


folin-ciocalteau micro method for total phenol in wine


global viticulture and enology research institutions





teaching




past lab members




          about us





waterhouse





whats in wine?





























about me

my research activity focuses on the chemistry of a class of natural phytochemicals called the phenolic compounds. we address two types of effects, those that are important to the taste of wine, and those that relate to health effects of wine consumers. in both cases we collaborate with others who can help utilize our chemical data and assistance to advantage and vice versa.
in the area of wine quality, our current interest is in the effect of oxidation on wine chemistry, and how this oxidation affects important quality parameters of wine, such as taste and color. we have been studying micro-oxygenation and its effect on wine color and tannins. it appears that yeast are important to the magnitude of the effect. we are currently testing some new theories we have on wine oxidation chemistry.
i also participate in the development of general analytical methodology of interest in wine analysis and we have a few different methods published in this area. we are currently applying a number of different methods to look at new grape or wine treatments being offered by various companies.
we have also had an oak and chestnut barrel investigation, looking at the effect of different toasting procedures on the composition and taste of wine. it appears that some subtle differences in cooperage can have a dramatic effect on the composition of the wood and consequently, the wine.
i am currently the director of the robert mondavi institute.
with gavin sacks and david jeffery, we have published understanding wine chemistry, 2016, john wiley & sons.
 









 



bio






 



teaching















viticulture and enology homepage











uc davis calendar











search uc davis directory











campus map














                postal address
      
department of viticulture and enology
university of california 
davis, ca 95616 usa





                courier address
      
department of viticulture and enology
595 hilgard lane 
davis, ca 95616 usa





                contact
      
alwaterhouse@ucdavis.edu
phone: 530-752-4777
lab phone: 530-752-5054
department phone: 530-752-0380 
fax: 530-752-0382
office location: 3152 rmi north










university of california, davis, one shields avenue, davis, ca 95616 | 530-752-1011

questions or comments? privacy & accessibility principles of community university of california sitemap last update: december 13, 2024 
copyright © the regents of the university of california, davis campus. all rights reserved.


this site is officially grown in sitefarm.










