










saint max media












































                                        home                                                            





                                        projects                                                            







                                        latest projects                                                            





                                        legacy projects                                                            









                                        services                                                            







                                        approach                                                            






                                        moving emotive impact                                                            





                                        aesthetic excellence                                                            





                                        dynamic community building                                                            





                                        prayerful inspiratons                                                            





                                        multilingual deployment                                                            





                                        target audience analysis                                                            





                                        collaborative workflows                                                            





                                        high production value                                                            









                                        services                                                            





                                        rates and specials                                                            









                                        testimonials                                                            





                                        about us                                                            







                                        the team                                                            





                                        contact us                                                            





                                        about st. max kolbe                                                            









                                        blog                                                            




















































moving emotive impactaesthetic excellencedynamic community buildingprayerful inspirationsmultilingual deploymenttarget audience analysiscollaborative workflowshigh production value























latest projects



		                	what							




















waysideacademy.com: the gentle entension of a unique school's heart and soul into a learning managment system that extends the classroom.
find out more 














saint hedwig church: a living church community with auto-update content features for scripture readings and reflections.
live preview 
















saintcd.com: pushes the art of cms presentation by creating a living place of collaboration and evangelization for the st. catharines diocese.
find out more 














music video: showing what can be done with a micro-budget, this music video is a tribute to two students who died when their van broke through lake ice.
find out more 
















drpetermoloney.com: uses a content management system with a science and religious theme to highlight this little-known canadian medical pioneer.
find out more 














media cova: bringing together a rich diverse community of catholic artists and media professionals to cross pollinate ideas and build authentic culture.
find out more 
















fellowship of catholic scholars canada: a light weight and economical "word-centric" web site designed for community readership.
find out more 






















 













our history



since 1997, st. max media has pushed for the  creative development and promotion of media missions through artistic and technological mastery. our labour is an answer to pope john   paull ii`s call to put out into the deep to make the image and voice   of christ seen and heard. see original site. 













contact



email: via form 



















