






ikebana international | いけばなインターナショナル






























 













            future events
            updated 13/02/2025 

            regional conferences
          

            world conventions
          












about us

board of directors & president's
                    message
i.i. chapters

i.i. publication

join us




activities
updated 03/02/2025 

ikebana schools our
                  supreme advisers

ichiyo一葉式いけ花
ikenobo池坊
misho未生流
ohara小原流
ryuseiha龍生派
saga goryu嵯峨御流
shimpa seizan真派青山流
sogetsu草月流


gallery
members only
future events

regional conferences
world conventions













              ikebana international            
motto of the association is "friendship through flowers“.














ikebana international (i.i.) is a worldwide, nonprofit organization dedicated to the promotion and
          appreciation of ikebana.
the organization was founded in 1956 by the late ellen gordon allen whose dream was to create an association
          uniting the people of the world through their mutual love of nature and enjoyment of ikebana. today, that
          dream has spread to over 40 countries/areas.
the motto of the association is “friendship through flowers” and any person or organization accepting that
          objective is welcome to join us as a member of ikebana international.
i. i. does not teach or endorse any single type of ikebana. it is an association that encompasses many
          different schools.
the members are people from various parts of the world who enjoy and practice ikebana and have interests in
          other traditional japanese art forms. some schools stress classical styles; others focus on free style, and
          some a blend of both. our members gain the opportunity to learn about ikebana of many different schools –
          their inspirations, styles, philosophy, history, and techniques – we benefit from those interactions through
          meetings, demonstrations, exhibitions and other events.
another unique feature of ikebana international is that the organization was founded by and continues to be
          administered almost entirely by volunteers.
















ikebana international headquarters
address: misaki building 5th floor, 3-28-9 kanda ogawamachi, chiyoda-ku, tokyo101-0052, japan

mail adress: ikebana@ikebanahq.org
tel: +81-3-3293-8188
fax: +81-3-3294-2272

google map



the text, images, and all content on our website are protected by copyrights and portrait
    rights. unauthorized use or diversion is prohibited.

copyright © ikebana international all rights reserved.






















