








two-way radio service installation & repair | va and nc | gcs

















































































about us
276 632 9700


radio services

radio system support services
vehicle upfitting services
radio dispatch consoles
intrinsically safe radios


who we serve

manufacturing & industrial
public safety
hospitals & nursing homes
security personnel
schools
colleges & universities
construction industry
logistics and transportation
agriculture
utilities facilities
places of worship
business
retail
casinos
golf courses
entertainment
hunting
hotels
theme parks
petrochemical
grocery stores
convention centers
law enforcement
restaurants
car dealerships
daycare centers
airports
ski resorts
museums
logging
movie theaters
fire rescue and ems


contact us
 










two way radio systems
two-way radios to improve patient care & security for hospitals, two-way radio systems for police, fire & ems, warehouses, manufacturing plants and more.
get radio support







two-way radio service & installation
we build and maintain complete two-way radio systems that provide secure, clear and instant group communications.





gcs services include designing and installing custom two-way radio systems, vehicle upfits and radio dispatch consoles in southern virginia and northern north carolina.
view our radio systems

wireless communications solutions




gcs provides two-way radio communications solutions for the manufacturing, public safety, education and healthcare industries.
view industries served

industries we serve




when you’re on the go, you count on your equipment to do its job so you can do yours.
start a vehicle upfit

vehicle upfits











clear & instant digital radio service
gcs is trained and equipped to handle everything in the two-way radio industry. that means we want to fit your system around not only your current needs, but your potential future needs. we build and repair unique two-way radio systems you rely on everyday.
we serve the entire region along the southside virginia and piedmont triad region. contact our innovative team to discuss what your communication system could do for you.








exceptional customer service in two way radio repair
we don’t see your two-way radio system as a one-and-done installation. not only can we discuss your system’s design, we’re here to upgrade and repair the components that keep your operations running smoothly.
we provide lifetime service for:

martinsville, va
danville, va
greensboro, nc
winston-salem, nc
burlington, nc
and all across southern virginia and northern north carolina

when we come out for two-way radio repair, we’ll look into where additional base stations, repeaters or the latest in digital radio technology can take your communications beyond what it’s currently capable of.
that’s our standard of customer service. we stand behind what we install because we’re not just here to fix what’s broken, we’re here to improve it so you’ll get more out of it.










durable communication across a variety of uses
our wireless communications services range from simple radios to complex trunked two-way radio systems, 911 centers radio dispatch consoles, gps tracking and more.
we’ve worked with clients in the industrial, public safety, healthcare, and education spheres. no matter the industry, your commercial two-way radios are nothing if they aren’t dependably consistent and secure when you need it.
that’s why we provide you with durable and secure two-way radio components and accessories. they’re built to last through whatever indoor or outdoor conditions you put them through.





learn more about the industries we serve:




manufacturing




public safety




industrial




healthcare




education






premier partners





















200 sellers street • martinsville, va 24112
phone: 276.632.9700
 

 




who we serve

manufacturing & industrial
public safety
hospitals & nursing homes
schools, colleges & universities
construction industry
places of worship


contact us
about us



radio services

radio system support
vehicle upfitting
radio dispatch consoles


 




© 2025 gcs electronics & communications  | all rights reserved 
custom website design by key web concepts 






