







persea books


























































































cart
















0
















            our books
          

            poetry prizes
          

            classroom
          

            about
          

            contact
          







































































cart
















0











our bookspoetry prizesclassroomaboutcontact



















independent publishers since 1975
































































 
















    pre-order now
  



however & wherever we arepoems from persea’s first fifty yearsto celebrate persea’s 50th anniversary, we are proud to present however & wherever we are: poems from persea’s first fifty years, bringing together a sampling of more than fifty poets essential to the press’s identity in poetry over the past half-century.containing dozens of poets including cameron awkward-rich, paul blackburn, elizabeth bradfield, molly mccully brown, gabrielle calvocoressi, paul celan, mitchell l. h. douglas, sarah gambito, kimberly grey, ramon guthrie, nazim hikmet, cynthia marie hoffman, marie howe, kimberly johnson, osip mandelstam,  sandra meek, les murray, thylias moss, laura riding, patrick rosal, lisa russ spaar, alexandra teague.   



new & forthcoming












in other times, midnight, her debut collection, andrea ballou explores the aftermath of loss—death, divorce, and departures—and asks the toughest questions: how do we contend with grief and remorse, and where does the spirit go to wait out trauma? pro-order here














lost cities by valencia robinbrimming with music, bursting with flora, the poems in valencia robin’s second collection are both a walking tour of local neighborhoods and a journey into space and across time.pre-order here














sofar by elizabeth bradfield“some poets take nonhuman nature as just one more subject; for bradfield, however, plants and animals—atlantic seascapes, tropical forests, marine mammals, migratory seabirds—give most of her poems their reason to exist...”—stephanie burt, american poetpre-order here














paradise close by lisa russ spaarnow available in paperback“... a novel made of glass, possessing characteristics of both prose and poetry.”— the adroit journalorder here














american analects by gary young“there’s no word for what young does, only for what he accomplishes—the capturing of small, daily miracles.” —dorianne lauxorder here














where will we live if the house burns down? by allison blevinswinner of the 2023 lexi rudnitsky editor’s choice award“allison blevins guides us into the space between agency and pain with extraordinary intimacy.”—cass donishorder here





updates













congratulations to theo legro for winning the 2025 lexi rudnitsky first book prize in poetry for her collection don’t let it kill you. persea will publish the collection in spring 2026.*we are currently accepting entries to the lexi rudnitsky editor’s choice award . previous winners include cameron awkward-rich, mitchell l. h. douglas, shane mccrae, amy newman, michael white, and others.












































©2020-2024 persea books









