



buddyscott.com | online help for parenting troubled teenagers, rebellious teens, and add, adhd, adopted, and strong-willed children


















  
			              this self-help book for parents is used and recommended by parents, grandparents,
			              parent support groups, public school counselors, christian school counselors,
			              marriage and family counselors, therapists, psychologists, psychiatrists, juvenile
			              judges, counselors at youth homes, ministers, youth leaders, military chaplains,
			              the staffs of youth facilities and treatment centers, and professors at universities
			              and seminaries. 




 "right from the beginning, relief makes you quit being a victim."
		                    -a mother from north carolina 






 personalized and autographed
			                  books are only available here... 


 allon publishing can provide personalized and autographed
			                      copies of both books and still get them to you in about
			                      three days. personalized and autographed copies add a
			                      special surprise for recipients when given as gifts and
			                      enhance their desire to read them. just provide the
			                      desired information with your order. our orders-only
			                      number is: 
		                        1-800-288-6333. 





can i get referrals from buddyscott.com to specific
		                  counselors or treatment centers?
  how can i avoid choosing
                            the wrong counselor or therapist?
  how can i avoid choosing
                        the wrong treatment center?






online answer to prayer for parents, grandparents, guardians,
														foster parents, ministers, teachers, and family counselors who care so
														much they hurt - the official site for relief for hurting
  parents by buddy scott



  
what services are offered by this site,
allon publishing, and the parenting network? 
  i need immediate help, not a reading assignment! why would you recommend that i read a book? 
  what are the symptoms
		              of wrong crowd involvement? 
  we have tried everything!
		              what do we do now? 
  what is allon publishing? 
  what is parenting within reason? 
  can our group name itself the parenting within reason support group? 
  what is the relationship of
	                allon publishing
	                and
		              parenting within reason? 
  what is the contact information for
		              allon publishing 
			            and the
		              parenting within reason network? 
  can i e-mail, phone, or write
	                buddy scott for individual or family counseling? 
 
 
 








 "i don't have to do what you say!"
			                      "you don't own me!"
			                      "you can't choose my friends!"
			                      "your #¿@?§! rules are stupid!"
			                      "you don't have the right to invade my privacy!"
			                      "nobody's curfew is as early as mine!"
			                      "and where's your credit card and the keys to your car? i'm going out with my friends tonight!" 






 remember to
			            bookmark this site 

  e-mail this site to others 



  ordering information 



  menu
			            self-help book for parents 

  menu
			            leader's guide and
			            teacher's resource volume

 (for group leaders & group facilitators) 

  menu
			            self-help novel for teens 


  about the author 

  link exchange 


  how to start a parent
			            support group in your area

 (complete chapter from
			            relief for hurting parents) 

  detailed explanation of
			            parent support groups
			            and parenting classes

 (based on relief for hurting parents) 

  an explanation of
			            teens with wisdom societies 

  endorsements 

  seminars
			            and training sessions
			            with buddy scott 


  how to help us help others 

  search 

  articles and
			            chapter
			            to download
 


  contact us 





 






 detailed description of buddyscott.com... 

										for over a decade, buddy scott has provided concerned parents honest, practical, and effective relief. he has picked them up, dusted them off, renewed their courage, beefed up their parenting skills, and sent them back into the action to succeed on behalf of their children and families.
			    

relief for hurting parents by buddy scott provides immediate hope and solid answers for parents, single parents, adoptive parents, grandparents, guardians--all parents in pain--and mentors of troubled teens, those responsible for loving a prodigal child, parenting the difficult children, or parenting the strong-willed children of our world, add children or adhd children (with attitude and behavioral problems), adolescents with oppositional-defiant disorder, adopted children, unbonded children, and rebellious teenagers.
									














															this self-help novel for teens is carefully crafted to teach kids to be respectful,
															responsive, and responsible via the peer counseling provided by the teen
															characters in the second half of the captivating novel. it's a novel designed
															to mature its audiences.
														







										this site introduces the self-help novel for juvenile readers, teens fight adult corruption (teens rebel against the negative adult role models intruding within their culture). by reading this exciting teen novel, adolescents receive the guidance and counsel that parents and youth counselors wish could be a part of family communication. it's a novel designed to mature its audience (hence: a novel to mature audiences). specifically, it's a teen novel designed to reach the kids we are losing, the kids who are slipping through the cracks.
									
		
										both books are a must-read because used together they help parents, school counselors, counselors, social workers, and therapists put forth their best effort to reach at-risk students--students getting involved in the wrong crowd, failing school, teen promiscuity, teen pregnancy, dropping out of college, becoming alienated from their families, being suspended or expelled from school, being rejected by achieving kids, underage drinking of alcohol, using drugs, lying, sneaking out of the house, and shoplifting.
									
		
										children who are at risk and exhibit high-risk behavior are another reason both books are a must-read. used together, they help parents, therapists, psychologists, and psychiatrists respond appropriately to teens involved in raves, unsupervised parties, alternative rock, addictions, stealing from family members, tattooing, body mutilation, self-mutilation, teen suicide attempts, teen gangs, trenchcoat mafias, gothic groups, teen violence, family violence, school violence, assaulting teachers, cults, the occult, witchcraft, satanism, selling their bodies, internet obscenity, phone depravity, juvenile crime, truancy, and running away from home.
									

relief for hurting parents is effective in counseling the parents and guardians of youths supervised by in-school suspension, alternative schools, group homes, residential facilities, residential treatment centers, hospitals, girls' homes, boys' homes, girls' ranches, boys' ranches, juvenile authorities and juvenile probation officers, juvenile detention centers, boot camps, or adult jail. and teens fight adult corruption should be required reading for every student, resident, or inmate.
									


a vital note to parents of children who aren't misbehaving... 

										what applies to recovering a teenager if or when your child breaks your hearts as parents also applies to prevention: parents who dare to discipline and know that in our contrary culture parenting isn't for cowards can and must learn from the encouragement for broken-hearted parents offered in buddyscott.com and relief for hurting parents. they must put forth their best effort to help preadolescents have less dangerous journeys through teenage years, avoiding the wrong crowd and chronically unacceptable behavior. see warning below.
									
		
										vital for prevention in everyday family life are the seven commandments for maintaining parental poise, fifteen convictions for raising kids in the new century, and the seven towers of strength for staying strong listed and carefully explained in relief for hurting parents.

		
										the self-help book prepares parents for both parenting pre-teens and parenting teens with love and logical consequences and reasonable concepts and principles, assuring parents that they are doing their best at raising their children. in fact, many come to respect it as a parent's bible or an encyclopedia of parenting.
									






warning: be cautious of feeling that you don't need this information.
													most traumatized parents once felt the same way you may feel. they, too, felt that
													their loving child could never turn into a hateful and inconsiderate family member,
													the passively rebellious child, or the explosive child. for the purpose of prevention,
													they'd urge you to explore this site and these books. in cultures where bad
													influences are rampant, certainly it takes a village to raise a child...if that
													village is made up of virtuous mentors. and allon publishing and buddy scott are happy
													to be a part of the united front that you are bringing together to love, protect,
													preserve, and inspire your children.
												



a vital note to parents of adult-children who haven't grown up and become independent... 

										this site and these powerful books also provide chicken soup for battle-fatigued parents or guardians who are contending with irresponsible adult children. they will put administrators of trusts, grandparents, dads, and moms in touch with most of the tools they need to disentangle from the intimidation and manipulation and through love that may have to take a strong stand, if necessary, introduce them to authentic, independent, really-on-their-own living.
									



									© r. a. "buddy" scott, allon publishing
















