







hope runs deep // isildur's heir




















welcome
hello and welcome to cassie's fanlisting collective, hope runs deep. here you can find all the fanlistings i am lucky enough to own as well as all the one's i have joined. feel free to take a look around and join any of the fanlistings that you might be interested in.

statistics
i currently own 31 fanlistings with 0 upcoming. there is a total of 13506 fans with 1 pending. 
i have joined a total of 53 fanlistings. this site is powered by enthusiast and fanupdate.	
newest owned


random owned



joined







site news♦ feb 1, 2020
long time, no update. since i last updated i've opened 10 (eek, yes 10) fanlistings. i'll do a run-through in a later updated possibly.
most recently i've upgraded enthusiast so it hopefully runs smoothly with newer versions of php and i've also removed fan update as it no longer works with the latest version of php.
the lord of the rings online ♦ nov 8, 2012
today i have opened the fanlisting for my favourite game—the lord of the rings online. i was incredibly excited when i saw this up for adoption and absolutely ecstatic when i got the approval email.
head on over and check out the legend is yours and join the fanlisting if you’re a fan of the game and haven’t already. if you’re unfamiliar with the game i’ve added some extra information about the game to the site aswell.
the lord of the rings movie series and adoptions ♦ oct 20, 2012
my fanlisting wish has come true! i was lucky enough to be allowed to adopt the fanlisting for the lord of the rings movie series from elizabeth. words cannot describe how incredibly happy and excited i am about this. i’ve never wanted another fanlisting as much as i wanted this one and now i am the proud owner of it. so without further ado i present:
one ring to rule them all
if you’re not already a member, head over and join. i’m also welcoming new affiliates too.
to top off this amazing week of adoptions i have just been approved to adopt the fanlisting for my favourite game—the lord of the rings online.
adoptions ♦ oct 5, 2012
oh boy. my ultimate wishlister just came up for adoption. i know i don’t stand a chance of getting it but i had to put an application in for it. i’ve felt sick since it went up for adoption. now to wait for news and try to prepare myself for not getting it.





this site is part of lethaldusk.com and single-thread.net. layout and content © to cassie.

 







