









home














































































skip to content










 







call today: (714) 332-5498 





 home
media

videos


regen medicine
pec repair
patient form
 

















 





















 





michael bisping former ufc middleweight champion and hall of fame inductee
 





tony ferguson former ufc lightweight champion
 





t.j. dillashaw former two-time ufc bantamweight champion
 






 





david taylor "the magic man" 2018 world champion and 2020 olympic champion
 






 











call today to schedule an appointment: (714) 332-5498or for a virtual educational session request nowoffice addressrestore orthopedics and spine center1120 w. la veta, #300orange ca 92868 











steve a. mora md, faaos 



dr. mora is a board certified and fellowship trained sports medicine orthopedic surgeon as well as a founding partner of the state-of-the-art restore orthopedics and spine center in orange county, ca.his areas of expertise include the latest innovations in surgical and non surgical techniques with a focus on joint saving procedures rather than replacement, when possible.  specific areas of interest are sports trauma; knee, elbow, and shoulder, arthritis; and regenerative medicine.he takes pride in making the correct diagnosis so that he can provide the best treatment options for his patients.dr. mora works closely with the ufc and with other professional athletes. his work has refined a unique procedure, which he coined the pec flex fix, to reconstruct the chest wall in patients with chronic pectoralis major tears. this procedure has helped patients who are living with a chest wall deformity to live better lives. dr. mora is sought out by personal mma fighters to treat an elbow condition which he’s coined the cauliflower elbow. he has helped many champion level ufc fighters regain elbow motion using a minimally orthoscopic technique.dr. mora also focuses on other non-surgical treatment including bone marrow stem cell injects, platelet-rich plasma, lipogems and other cutting edge regenerative medicine options.dr. mora also feels that his own experience as a trauma patient has allowed him to better understand his patient’s needs.dr. mora has a unique eye for detail. he is a talented sketch artist and uses that same level of artistic attention to detail when he operates.  he believes in not just improving function after surgery but also maintaining aesthetics and symmetry.dr. mora is the surgeon behind many ufc world champions and olympians.  he has a great track record of “keeping the pro in athlete”.for an appointment please call (714) 332-5498 or visit his social media page on instagram and youtube. 











out of town and international patients
for your convenience dr. mora is available to provide virtual educational sessions via telephone and/or video (facetime, skype or zoom) conference sessions. this service is meant to provide you general educational information regarding various sports medicine topics intended to help you make better decisions regarding your medical care. educational sessions are not covered by insurance.  to request information, schedule an appointment or schedule an education session please click below.  thank you! 
 











dr. mora specializes in 



sports trauma acl reconstruction of the knee, rotator cuff repair of the shoulder, arthroscopy of the elbow, operative and nonoperative arthritis of the knee, partial knee replacement, combat sports injury, and regenerative medicine. 







shoulder arthroscopy 







knee arthroscopy 







elbow arthroscopy 







prp and stem cells 















did you know that in some cases an acl tear can be repaired rather than reconstructed? to learn more about acl repair click here. 












 




























are you interested in platelet-rich plasma or stem cell treatments?when choosing a physician to provide you treatment they need to put your interest ahead of theirs. the procedure is not the endpoint. the endpoint is your wellness.click on the link below to learn about platelet-rich plasma, adult stem cells and lipogems.learn more… 








 












   



















 




							video testimonials						















 professional bodybuilder valentino harris shares his story 







 ufc champ tj dillashaw gives dr. mora a big shout out after ufc 227 











 ufc champ michael bisping speaks about his experience after knee arthroscopy 







 ufc champ tony ferguson speaks about his experience after his arm injury and recovery 











 ufc marlon chito vera talks about dr. mora 


















 




							follow on social media						


						dr. mora is active on social media and is considered a top  orthopedic surgeon influencer.  in 2019 he was ranked as the third top orthopedic social medial influencer on twitter. he encourages you to visit his social medial links below.					






 














 




							featured on						







 















dr. mora is an amazing doctor. his team is just as amazing. i recently tore my pectoralis major muscle and was told by my original doctor that there was nothing he could do to help me. desperate to get a second opinion, i found dr. mora online and decided to call his office and book an initial consultation. dr. mora examined me and reviewed my mri and felt confident that he could repair the damage that was done using some advanced techniques that he is well practiced in. he patiently answered my hundreds of questions and we booked the surgery. i am happy to say i am now 3 weeks post surgery and on the road to a full recovery. he even took the time to follow up with me to check on my recovery. if your doctor tells you "there is nothing we can do" don't accept that response. make an appointment to see dr. mora and get a second opinion. he is truly one of the best doctors i have ever dealt with.john levelisapril 2024




dr. mora is a rockstar. i had a very old pectoralis major tear on my right side. i was told this could not be fixed by several other doctors. i found dr. mora on the internet. we did a consultation, an mri and finally surgery. the surgery was flawless. i feel great. physical therapy is almost completed. the surgery eliminated the chronic pain in my bicep and back from the pec injury. every day i'm so grateful. i happily paid out of pocket and would do it again without hesitation.

if you're considering getting your old pec tear fixed, do it. mora is a master.randy m.tucson, azjanuary 22, 2023




doctor mora performed a revision surgery for my chronic pec tear. the tear was over 12 years old when initially repaired, and 14 years old (and completely torn again) by the time i saw doctor mora. when i saw doctor mora i was in really bad shape physically and my function was impaired to the point where it hurt even to work at a computer or to lay down in bed. i'm about 11 months out from surgery and have gained a tremendous amount of function that i honestly did not think was possible to get back. surgery was 4/5/23 and the photos/video were taken on 3/11/24. i've seen dozens of orthopedic surgeons over the years and was constantly told i was not a candidate for surgery. my life was falling apart waiting for it to be repaired and luckily doctor mora was there to take my call. matthew s.oyster bay, nymarch 11, 2024




steve mora is the best, fixed my old pec tear and i was able to get my life back. i was only able to do  2-3 push ups in pain, now 5 months later i'm back to 40-50 no problem.andrew m.orange, cajanuary 20, 2023




saw dr. mora for a pec major repair and couldn't be happier. his staff is also wonderful and handled my workers comp case with ease. i am 6 months post surgery and very pleased with the whole process.
dr. mora is engaging and a great teacher which helped me with recovery. best of all i have a hidden scar and a symmetrical chest wall again.adam l.san francisco, cafebruary 21, 2022




i've always been subconscious about the way my pec looked prior to surgery. for years, i wouldn't take my shirt off on the beach, since i knew i had an atrophy on my right side. not any more. my chest looks symmetric. my pec looks normal. not only the tear has been repaired and reconstructed. my my self esteem has been as wel. i have never been able to workout normally since my injury. i love boxing and i could feel my pec sinking with every punch. 10 weeks after surgery, i feel my pec and shoulder engaging properly. i feel the strength in my movement. i'm seeing the symmetry. i feel the power. my mind now tells me we are back!jose10 year old pec tear 




dr mora has been consistently reliable. i had a mystery knee injury for over a year that no doctor was willing to look in to. i had to take off from collegiate athletics because no treatment was working. every doctor i went to brushed me off and told me it was tendinitis. i had 3 mris that only showed swelling. . .brigit l.huntington beach, caaugust 08, 2019




i saw dr. mora two days ago at lax after 3.5 years had elapsed since my office visit. i cannot thank and praise him enough.  i broke my ankle 6.5 years ago on mt. san jacinto; i thought it was not broken and limped for 1.5 years. finally, i went to see three other doctors, and all asked how i could even walk on it. . .

kenneth m.anaheim, cajuly 24, 2019




amazing work, thank you very grateful to be back and ready to go!! i would highly recommend to any family or friends.michael b.las vegas, nvmay 02, 2019




dr. mora puts the patient first. he does a great job of explaining any concerns and discusses options to address them. he listens, then guides you in the right direction based on whats best for your particular situation. . .j w.anaheim, caapril 26, 2019




i had a major tear on my left tricep muscle, which for me to date was the biggest injury i've had to date. he was beyond informative and helped reassure me throughout the entire process that with time and his guidance i'll be back in no time.victor c.garden grove, caapril 23, 2019




 











for an appointment call: (714) 332-5498 











restore orthopedics and spine center 



1120 w. la veta, #300orange ca 92868office: +1.714.332.5498fax: +1.714.941.9539 









 









 your name (required)
 

are you a patient of dr. mora?
yesno

 your email (required)
 

 your contact number (required)
 

 city
 

 state
 

 country
 

 your message
 

we will do our best to respond within 72 hours.
for your privacy we don't collect or share your personally identifiable information. your contact information is only used to help schedule appointments.

input this code: 



please do not use this form for marketing or soliciting inquiries.
δ


 













 

















disclaimer | privacy policy 







1120 w. la veta, #300
orange ca 92868
office: +1.714.332.5498 







© 2023 myorthodoc.com. all rights reserved. 





































