













home | north carolina state bar






















skip to main content



















portal login
for councilors
directories
forms
adopted opinions
rules
contact us


















toggle navigation








term to search for






toggle search





about us about uswho we areannual reporthow to become a memberleadership leadershipjudicial district barsupcoming eventsdemographic distribution reportthe state bar building/art collection the state bar building/art collection​contact the north carolina state barnorth carolina state bar foundationstate bar careers state bar careersada proceduresdiversity, equity & inclusion statementfor the public for the publicfinding a lawyer finding a lawyeri am having a dispute with a lawyer i am having a dispute with a lawyerroadmap of the disciplinary processsearch past orders of disciplinereporting and preventing the unauthorized practice of lawhelpful linksespañolnorth carolina legal resource finderfor lawyers for lawyersgoverning rules of the state bar governing rules of the state barethics/rules of professional conduct ethics/rules of professional conductcontinuing legal education (cle)directories directoriesfaqsformsprofessional organizationstrust accountinghelpful linksmember login/pay annual duessuccession planningpathways to well-being pathways to well-beingcybersecurity self-assessmentbar programs bar programscontinuing legal education (cle)specialty certificationparalegal certificationinterest on lawyers trust accounts (iolta)lawyer assistance program (lap)attorney-client assistance program (acap)client security fundclosing the practice of a deceased, disabled, disbarred, or missing lawyerdistinguished service awardfee dispute resolution programlegal assistance for military personnel (lamp)prepaid legal servicesunauthorized practice of lawlawyer discipline lawyer disciplinesearch past orders search past orderspending disciplinary hearing commission casestemporary restraining orders and preliminary injunctionsreports of the office of counselreports of the disciplinary hearing commissionroadmap of the disciplinary processwhat a lawyer should do when a grievance is filed against the lawyerassessment of administrative fees and actual costsi am having a dispute with a lawyernews & publications news & publicationsnews & noticesthe journaljournal advertisinglawyer’s handbooksocial mediabartalk podcasttrust account handbooktrustee handbookreprint permissionreport on secure leave policyespañol españolencontrar un abogado encontrar un abogadotengo un conflicto entre el abogado y yo tengo un conflicto entre el abogado y yobuscar antecedentes disciplinariosreportar y prevenir el ejercicio de la abogacía sin autorizaciónenlaces útilesformluarios para asuntos disciplinarioslo que se investiga y lo que no se investiga el colegio estatalguía del procedimiento disciplinarioportal login page portal login pagecle sponsor portal
portal loginfor councilorsdirectoriesformsadopted opinionsrulescontact us
















  “i think the first duty of society is justice.”
wendell phillips









i need to
find a lawyer
search lawyers
find a lawyer




i need to
find a form
search forms
find a form




i am looking for
ethics information
browse ethics
ethics information




i need information on
lawyer discipline
learn more
lawyer discipline










news/alerts/noticesview all



upcoming trust account random audits






synopsis of of the state bar january 2025 council meeting






justice robert h. edmunds receives distinguished service award
justice robert h. edmunds jr. received the john b. mcmillan distinguished service award on january 16, 2025, at the greensboro bar association’s member meeting.






charles branson vickory receives distinguished service award
charles branson “branny” vickory iii was presented with the john b. mcmillan distinguished service award on november 14, 2024.






patricia p. shields receives distinguished service award
patricia p. shields received the john b. mcmillan distinguished service award on november 14, 2024.






robert c. kemp receives distinguished service award
robert c. kemp iii was honored with the john b. mcmillan distinguished service award on december 12, 2024.






congratulations to our new specialists
congratulations to the new specialists! these lawyers met all of the requirements to be certified by the board of legal specialization on december 6, 2024.






w. donald carroll jr. receives distinguished service award
w. donald carroll jr. received the john b. mcmillan distinguished service award on november 20, 2024, in charlotte.






state bar boards release annual reports






notice of intent to seek reinstatement: charles blackmon
charles blackmon, of greensboro, intends to file a petition for reinstatement before the disciplinary hearing commission of the north carolina state bar.






david w. long receives distinguished service award
david w. long was presented with the john b. mcmillan distinguished service award on november 4, 2024, at the north carolina state bar building. 






smith installed as president
eden attorney matthew w. smith was sworn in as president of the north carolina state bar on thursday, october 31, 2024.






ethical considerations for lawyers in the wake of a natural disaster
as the people of western north carolina assess the damage and begin to rebuild what was destroyed by hurricane helene, lawyers face the difficult task of addressing the impact on both their personal lives and their professional obligations.






a message from president todd brown on helene






supreme court allowing non-nc lawyers to provide pro bono legal services to helene victims
today, october 1, 2024, the north carolina supreme court approved the north carolina state bar’s temporary rule amendment allowing lawyers not licensed in north carolina to immediately begin providing pro bono legal services to indigent victims of hurricane/tropical storm helene.






statewide disaster relief legal resources - tropical storm helene
the state bar is compiling a list of legal resources for those in need of legal assistance in the wake of tropical storm helene.






state bar executive director announces retirement
state bar executive director alice mine announced her retirement at the meeting of the state bar council’s executive committee on july 18, 2024.  her retirement will be effective december 31, 2024.  






alert: spoofed email
many lawyers and law firms have reported receiving emails purportedly from the state bar's president, todd brown. these are spoofed emails from a fake email address, which he did not send.






ecourts - attention private defense attorneys and public defenders only






cle town hall available on youtube
view the town hall meeting that was held to discuss the recent changes to the cle rules. 






bank failures, fdic coverage, and a lawyer’s professional responsibility
the state bar has received calls from lawyers expressing concern about the failure of a limited number of banks in the us. here, you'll find answers to the most frequently asked questions.





upcoming eventsview all




apr
22



nc iolta board of trustees-fiscal meeting
state bar headquarters, raleigh






disciplinary forms

complaint form
to file a complaint against a nc lawyer, complete this form and submit it via mail or email to complaints@ncbar.gov.
if you are a complainant, you can request information about the status of a grievance at grievancestatus@ncbar.gov.
¿habla español? haga clic aquí.


unauthorized practice of law complaint form
to file an unauthorized practice complaint form, complete this form and submit it via mail or email to uplcomplaints@ncbar.gov.
¿habla español? haga clic aquí.


fee dispute resolution form
if you have a fee dispute with your lawyer, you may wish to participate in the state bar's fee dispute resolution program, which is available free of charge to clients who dispute their legal fees. 
for more information about fee dispute resolution, click here.
to fill out a complaint form, click here and submit via mail or email to feedispute@ncbar.gov.
¿habla español? haga clic aquí.

*forms are required to open in acrobat reader to submit electronically. please do not open the pdf in the browser. get acrobat reader here: https://get.adobe.com/reader 


















about us


for lawyers


bar programs


lawyer discipline


news and publications






ethics information


find a rule


find a form


directories


for the public


español








north carolina state bar
                217 east edenton streetraleigh, nc 27601 tel: (919) 828-4620 





















reprint permission




facebook


twitter (x)


linkedin


copyright © north carolina state bar. all rights reserved.site by: marathon consulting












