    
   home - interactive media consulting  
           

serviceswebsite design and developmentimc expressdigital marketingwebsite hostingbrand identityprint designcontent creationabout usour teamgiving backportfoliofor our clientsour process & policiespayment policiesworking with imc on your projectonline bill payemail supportemail archivingemail setupcontact us
web design & digital marketing professionals since 1996custom websitesclient focusedresults-driven
website & digital marketing professionals since 1996custom websitesclient focusedresults-driven
large agency expertise. small by design.years experienceprojects totalwebsites hostedprint projects since 2020
website design& developmentwe are experts in how people use the web.  we work with you to customize a website that effectively achieves your goals, meets your customers needs and is easy to navigate and understand.

digital marketingjust as facebook is not your website, it should not be your primary marketing channel. we can create a digital marketing strategy that increases traffic, reaches new customers and improves conversion rates.

website hostingwe offer secure hosting services and affordable maintenance rates. our packages are comprehensive, and competitive, and include domain registration, email and much more.

brand identitya strong and memorable brand identity is fundamental to success. we can help build your brand to create a clear and consistent look and message across all of your marketing platforms.

print designwe do it all. launch your new marketing campaign or support your existing enterprise with custom designed business cards, rack cards, postcards, trade show banners, billboards, branded apparel, swag, and more.

content creationeffective content drives traffic and engages users. our in-house writer can optimize your content by editing existing copy, creating all new content or just boosting your current homepage.
imc offers impressive internet/web services and custom programming, delivering excellent value. technical experts, creative minds, and super servicer. make imc your first call!deb czech | miles ahead communicationswe have been with imc for over two years. they redesigned our site and have hosted it over that time frame. we can’t say enough good things about their services, prompt action and fair pricing. very professional and still friendly, can’t be beat for our money.dave griffiths | trails end innpartnering with interactive media consulting has been one of the best decisions our company has made. we have never had a web design partner that has brought so much long-term value. we have a professional website that has been maintained and expanded upon regularly. execontrol global solutions refers all their clients to imc for their web and branding needs.allan robison | execontroli wanted to send a quick note just to say thank you to you for everything imc did to help us get our new website up and running.  imc really understood our brand aesthetic, while helping us modernize our look. nathan was quick to address any issues, was able to talk me through the entire process - he was so patient and helpful!tanya tobias | saratoga artsi will be eternally grateful to you for what you have done to create this beautiful, fun, interactive web site.  you are amazing!!!vicki latham, p.a. -c | toxin clearthank you, imc, for a wonderful art website that is easy to update, looks great, gets lots of positive comments and has encouraged sales by allowing my work to shine.your team is especially incredible (and patient!) to work with.  it’s been a pleasant and rewarding experience working on this with them and, in the end, i have exactly what i want.  thanks!barbara downs | artistyour team continually impresses me with their professionalism, knowledge, accuracy and promptness. i am wowed by the service we get from imc. this morning you made a global change to our site in 15 minutes. the imc team is always there when i need them and amazingly the work often gets done the same day. i am so glad we chose interactive media consulting!lisa miller | cost control associates
build your brand.increase traffic.boost conversions.get results.join our gallery of happy clients! 













































interactive media consulting, llc480 broadway, suite 214saratoga springs, ny 12866info@imediaconsult.com(518) 587-5107mon-fri 8am – 5pmfollowfollowfollowfollownews, blogs & more



affiliations

               




