





learn english free - english learning online




















































































                                           			 learn english
                                        			



															home
															



															about us
															


the network

the learn english network
english lessons
english blog
english sessions




															the calendar
															





                                            vocabulary
                                        



															vocabulary by topic
															



															idioms and sayings
															



															verbs and phrasal verbs
															



															songs by topic
															





                                            grammar
                                        



                                            improve
                                        



                                            resources
                                        



                                     		 english chat
                                       	



												live chat
											



												chat with our bot
											



												voice sessions
											





                                            fun
                                        



















one of the most effective ways to improve your  english
explore a bit to find out more about us. if you like what we do,  support us.




get involved now ... or 
									 learn more.











believe it or not 
astonishingly
amazingly
incredibly

 you can learn english for free!



								the learn english network has been helping people to learn english for free since 1999! 
							











english grammar

your guide to english grammar. (illustrated)  







english vocabulary

learn english vocabulary by topic. (illustrated)  







english basics

go back to basics. for anyone who needs a bit of revision.  







english lessons

efl / esl lessons - from beginner to intermediate.  









english pronunciation

tricky english pronunciation. with listening practice.  







fun and games

all work, no play makes jack / jill a dull boy / girl.   







english tests

have you really learnt what you think you have learnt? 
											  







english quizzes
what do you really know about england, the uk and the english language?  









british culture

learn more about the country and the people.
										you might be surprised! 







english chat

we like to talk with you, and we like you to talk to each other. practise your communication skills.







english blog

read all about it! about what? come and find out! 







english sessions

practise your grammar, vocabulary, reading and written english skills. 











what's on?
english calendar
english diary



have some fun
interesting facts
fun with english
english jokes



the network
english blog
english lessons
the sessions
the network



books
recommended books
vocabulary books
pronunciation books
grammar  books



 our sessions







learner support
ask the community for help with your english. 









reading discussion debate
read online, get feedback, and then discuss or debate the topic in moderated groups.









games and challenges
have fun with your english and get involved in our games and challenges in supportive and friendly groups.  the best way to learn, is to forget you are learning.











english book club
join our online book club, and read / listen to english books. we read the whole book together.









beginners / back to basics
join our  back to basics and absolute beginners sessions and webinars (suitable for beginners and people who need to refresh their knowledge of english).









virtual world adventures
join us to explore virtual worlds  like second life, altspace vr, and open sim.









0
members




0
answered questions




0
free weekly sessions




0
online videos














do what you can, when you can, because i know you can. 


lynne hand aka teach









and there's more







who?
we are english teachers and language learners.







what?
reading, listening, speaking, writing.







where?
everything we do is done online.







when?
all our session times are on the calendar.









how?
with the help of our volunteers and sponsors.







why?
why not?







how much?
nothing, nix, nada.  everything we do is free to join or participate in.







what for?
for the love of english.






and more...






												our aims
											




our main aim is to help promote friendship and understanding amongst native speakers and learners of english as a foreign / second language.
our motto is, "we do what we can, when we can."








												our mission
											




our mission is to enable efl / esl learners to take control of their own english learning process, and to promote the use of technology for learning and for teaching.our slogan is, "created for you. inspired by you."








												our vision
											




our vision is to become the premier free efl / esl resource on the web.let's see what we can do together.








												about us
											




the learn english network is a not-for-profit organisation registered in the uk. we are a voluntary organisation, and we do what we do for the love of english. we run a network of web sites and online services, with the help of our volunteers, all aimed at helping people to learn english and gain confidence. the learn english network offers english grammar and extensive english vocabulary sections, along with free lessons for beginners, a free english magazine, diary, games, lessons and tests, and an insight into british culture, traditions and customs. we run our magazine blog, a facebook and threads page and a lively discord server and community (with badges), all aimed at helping you to build your vocabulary, grammar, and all things esl, but most importantly encouraging active members to help each other and to speak with each other. more








												disclaimer
											




the learn english network has been created for education purposes only. whilst we make every effort to ensure that the information contained on our web sites is accurate, and secure, we accept no reponsiblity or liability for its use. in addition when providing links to other sites, we take no responsibility as to their suitability, or content as this does not come under our control. please contact us to let us know if we need to change anything.more















the learn english network has everything you need to become a confident english learner!
we like to think we have one of the friendliest communities on the www.




 get involved now









get involved



contact us
if you have a question about the learn english network, fill out our contact form, and we will get back to you asap.


follow us
















© copyright - all rights reserved.




 faq's
 sitemap
 privacy
sponsors











































