


birthright unplugged






birthright unpluggedturning knowledge into action.



home
mission
unplugged

overview
sample itinerary
boycott/divestment/sanctions and campaign organizing workshop
dates
cost
application
faq
trip photos
alumni work


replugged

overview
sample itinerary
exhibits
trip photos


staff & about us
press
resources & travel options
donate




birthright unplugged is an education and movement building organization that supports justice organizing work largely in the united states and  offers travel related support services and programs in palestine. 




 



	our unplugged program is designed primarily for those living in the west though we welcome people of all backgrounds. we particularly look for people who come to their work with an anti-racist framing and are well positioned within their community/ies to work for justice upon return. 
in 6-10 days, we visit palestinian cities, villages and refugee camps in the west bank and spend time with internally displaced palestinian people living inside israel. we also meet with a small number of jewish israelis. throughout the journey, we help participants develop an understanding of daily life under occupation and apartheid and the history of the region from people profoundly affected by and under-represented in western discourses about the region. 
after the program we support our participants' involvement in human rights based and justice oriented efforts, including contributing to the boycott, divestment, sanctions (bds) movement against israel until it complies with international law. this initiative is a direct response to the 2005 call from palestinian civil society and is designed in the footsteps of the ultimately successful movement against south african apartheid.

new: boycott, divestment & sanctions travel program


 

our re-plugged program is for palestinian children living in refugee camps. in two to three days, we visit jerusalem, the sea and the villages their grandparents fled in 1948.  the children stay with families who are palestinian citizens of israel.  they document their experiences with cameras and create exhibits in order to contribute to the collective memory in the refugee camp and to share their stories with people abroad. 
this experience is nearly impossible for most palestinians in the west bank and gaza, who receive identity cards at age 16 which israel uses to control their movement. as internationals we are able to move with relative freedom and so, unlike the children's parents and grandparents, we can take them on this trip. 
in january-february 2008, birthright re-plugged ran workshops for palestinian children in refugee camps in jordan, lebanon, and syria, and incorporated their photography and writing about their experiences and their family histories into our exhibitions. 
birthright unplugged has three exhibits of photography by children in living in refugee camps in the west bank, jordan, lebanon, and syria that are available to tour. to find out more: brup exhibit requirements (pdf file)





			birthright unplugged also organizes travel for groups in addition to our unplugged and re-plugged offerings. our most recent delegations include   a brandeis university student group in partnership with the president jimmy carter center, boston college student groups and a workmen's circle group from boston. please contact us to inquire about the possibility of working together.			

			our trips are facilitated by dunya 'alwan, birthright unplugged co-founder and director. dunya works with a team of trip leaders most of whom are palestinian, all of whom have spent extended periods of time palestine/israel  living and working in the communities where we spend time with our groups.			







birthright unplugged is in no way affiliated with birthright israel



contact: info@birthrightunplugged.org




