






















online tutoring in math, finance, economics, accounting | test prep for sat, gmat, gre, act and ap exams













































interactive math tutor

1-866-628-4911










tutoring subjects


mathematics
personalized, easily accessible tutoring for mathematics students.
finance
personalized, easily accessible tutoring for finance students.


accounting
personalized, easily accessible tutoring for accounting students.
actuarial
personalized, easily accessible tutoring for actuarial students.


economics
personalized, easily accessible tutoring for economics students.


statistics
personalized, easily accessible tutoring for statistics students.



tutoring services


one-on-one tutoring
one-on-one tutoring sessions by highly qualified instructors in a private online classroom environment.


group tutoring
instructor led group tutoring providing standardized exam review programs in an online classroom environment.


phone helper
call our experienced instructors from any location to receive immediate help by telephone.


email helper
24 hour communication line to email, fax, or scan math and business coursework problems to our instructors to be solved in a quick turn-around time.


homework helper
mini one-on-one tutoring sessions by highly qualified instructors in a private online classroom environment.



academic levels


k-12
providing a learning environment of teaching, caring, and confidence building.


college
tutoring services maximizing convenience and accessibility.


home school
academic tutoring resource channel students can depend on.


adult continuing education
helping to make the academic road to career growth more manageable.



standardized exams


sat
for students preparing for the math section of the sat exam.
gre
for students preparing for the math section of the gre exam.


gmat
for students preparing for the math section of the gmat exam.
ged
for students preparing for the math section of the ged exam.


ap
for students preparing for the calculus, statistics, and economics exams.
act
for students preparing for the math section of the act exam.


clep
for students preparing for the math section of the clep exam.



why choose imt


about imt
outstanding coaching and tutoring for mathematics students.


mission statement
outstanding coaching and tutoring for mathematics students.



contact us








since 1999, imt has been delivering superior and easily accessible tutoring services by a dedicated staff of highly qualified american instructors. we are committed to helping you succeed.
experience the imt difference.









 


 









we replace fear and anxiety with achievement and success.

learning new material in school can often be overwhelming and frustrating for many students regardless of their age and level of education. the fear and anxiety associated with exam taking, completion of projects, and everyday classroom learning can be very difficult for any student.
interactivemathtutor.com offers a learning environment which fosters patience, caring, and confidence building for each student. we are available for them every step of the way.  our number one priority is helping our students achieve a high level of academic success in school.


-
                                   



helped me understand complex mathematics with easei really enjoy interactivemathtutor.com because it helped me understand complex mathematics with ease. the tutor is great and helps me at any time, even without a lesson planned you can call the teacher at anytime and he will explain the work. interactivemathtutor.com is a great way to learn integrated math, trigonometry and any kind of mathematics.
it is great!! 
charles, new york 






a history of proven results:imt provides a superior tutoring platform, resulting in a proven track record ofstudent success and achievement since 1999.
comprehensive & customized approach:imt provides a comprehensive array of tutoring services that meets the unique learning needs of our diverse group of students. instructor-student matching program:imt places great value in matching appropriate instructor with each student and maintaining that successful pairing each session.
7 days a week on demand availability:imt is available when our students require tutoring services, 7 days aweek, 365 days a year of immediate on demand help.
top u.s based instructors:imt's dedicated teaching staff is comprised of top u.s.based instructors committed to helping our students succeed.

















who we are

why imt
mission and history
testimonials



our programs

mathematics
accounting
finance
actuarial
economics
statistics



our services

one-on-one tutoring
group tutoring
phone helper
email helper
homework helper



our policies

privacy policy
terms of use
faqs
contact us




© 2025 all rights reserved | interactive math tutor | custom website design by amplimark




































