














the better contractors bureau | the bcb |




















e-mail the bcb -  obettercontract@rochester.rr.com










toggle navigation




bcb




about us 

about the bcb
board of directors
bcb services
code of ethics


join the bcb 

member info and appplication
registered home improvement contractor


member info 

member list
member categories

complaints
fraud

tips

cold weather tips
avoiding scams & rips offs
avoiding warm weather scams & rips offs
tips when selecting a contractor
home inspections - good or bad?
thinking of having a new roof installed?
what should be in a contract
addressing ice damming

seniors
rebate coupon











 






		additional print logos available to members at:

https://the-bcb.net/logo.htmlthe bcb
the better contractors bureau is a non-profit 
		consumer protection agency established in 1974 to be of assistance to 
		the homeowner when dealing with contractors. it's mission is to 
		"protect & inform" the consumer and its goals are to 
		eliminate the unscrupulous contractors in the five county area it serves 
		around monroe county and upgrade the image of the industry!




carmen santora
		"executive director"
		better contractors bureau





        















	 
certificate of appreciation
	presented to the better contractors bureau



free resource guide and membership directory
	call the bcb - 585-338-3600


 the better contractors bureau (bcb) is always available to help the consumer 
	when dealing with contractors and now during the corona-19 virus more than 
	ever! we would like to warn homeowners, especially our seniors that 
	whenever a crisis occurs the fly-by-night, unscrupulous, scam artist 
	contractors flock here from out of our area more than ever to take advantage 
	of those that may need emergency repairs or home improvement projects!
	now that the construction phase is open just a few things to watch out for 
	if approached by drive by contractors looking for work:
	1.do not deal with a contractor that shows up driving a vehicle with out of 
	state license plates!
	2.watch for scare tactics and always say you will be getting other 
	estimates!
	3.compare prices with other contractors as the crooked ones will be out to 
	gouge you!
	4.some travel with children who are trained to ask to use your bathroom and 
	while you are outside talking with the father will go inside with that ruse 
	and will take that time to steal anything they can hide under their 
	clothing! especially money, jewelry, etc.
	5.beware of roof, gutters and chimney scams and don't allow them up on your 
	roof as they will purposely damage them to get exorbitant prices, especially 
	if you actually need an emergency repair!
	6.never pay in cash and always make check payments out to a company's name 
	not a person!!!
	if you are able to use a computer go to the bcb's website at www.the-bcb.net 
	and when the page opens click member info on the very top and when that 
	opens click member categories and simply scroll down to the contractor trade 
	category you need for your project or emergency! you will find bcb members 
	listed there who are all registered, insured and must meet rigid standards 
	of membership including swearing to a code of ethics!

	if you feel you are being scammed or gouged try and get the contractor's 
	name, address, phone number and license plate number off their vehicle and 
	when they leave immediately call and report them to your local police 
	department. watch out for any of your elderly neighbors who may live alone 
	and tell them if any contractors approach them to call a relative, friend or 
	neighbor to be there at the same time the contractor is there!
be safe & well!requirements to become a designated "registered professional" 
		member of the bcb
		new contractor member applicants must meet all the bcb standards of 
		membership below to be given the prestigious designation of "registered 
		professional" title.
bcb standards of membership
 
member contractor applicants must be either be a corporation , dba 
		or llc. 
        
members must submit proof of liability insurance and workmen's comp 
		if they have employees. 
        
member's contracts must meet all the requirements under article 36a 
		of the nys business law!
member applicants cannot have any unsatisfied complaints registered 
		with the attorney general!
contractor member applicants must have been in business at least one 
		full year or have 5 years experiencein their specific trade.
the company principle cannot have been convicted of any home 
		improvement crime!        
members using a p.o. box must provide their actual address to the 
		bcb.        
members using a cell phone as a business number only must provide 
		their home phone number. 
        
members must respond to all customer complaints in writing within 30 
		days. 
        
members must agree to mediate all customer disputes through the 
		bcb's in house mediation process.
members must agree to appear before the ethics committee regarding 
		unresolved complaints.
members must agree to abide by the bcb code of ethics.
members must agree to pay all court judgments awarded to customers.
join the bcb!
all members must respond to any and all bcb correspondence within 5 business days!
 any member's annual dues that are more than 90 days past due is grounds for immediate expulsion!

members must abide by the above standards of membership or 
		failure to do so may result in the expulsion from the bcb. 
		in addition all new member applicants are on a 1-year probationary trial 
		period during which time they may not use the 
		bcb logo in any type of permanent advertising such as the yellow pages.











| privacy || 
e-mail |bcb - 1151 titus ave. - rochester, ny 14617 phone: 
585-338-3600 - fax: 585-467-3740
 copyright © 1999-2021 the better contractors bureau, ltd. all rights reserved





 




	web site designed, maintained & hosted by wsd associates

