


 
indianapolis' public radio, tv & news station | wfyi



































  




skip to main content





donor portal


 donate



















newsprogramsarts & culturekidseventsscheduleslistenwatchwho we aresupport 









newsprogramsarts & culturekidsevents 














scheduleslistenwatchwho we aresupport 








 public affairsweekly statehouse update: property tax overhaul, medicaid reform bill changes, birth control access 



 



top storieshealthmedicaid, hip overhaul measure drops lifetime eligibility limit, codifies program advertising banlocal newsvision zero task force meets to tackle road safety, with years of work aheadeducationlegislation to dissolve ips, gary, other school districts fizzles out. could it return?arts & cultureinaugural ‘state of the culture’ event highlights ganggang’s impact on creative economy 





get weekly updates on the latest news, shows and events with the best of wfyi email.





what's on tonightantiques roadshowantiques roadshow is part adventure, part history lesson, and part treasure hunt! independent lens: trailer | skin of glassa filmmaker learns her architect father’s iconic design in são paulo is occupied by unhoused people....eventsmar62025data and drafts - where you live matters: exploring health and wellbeing in central indianamar132025chronic kidney disease: the silent killermar262025storycorps military voices initiative: indiana lunch & learnwhat's on nowtelevisionradiowfyi 1 (20.1)4:00 amthe congress5:31 amclassical stretch: by essentricswfyi 2 (20.2)5:00 amxavier riddle and the secret museum5:30 amxavier riddle and the secret museumwfyi 3 (20.3)5:00 amthe jazzy vegetarian5:30 amchristina cooks: back to the cutting boardwfyi 90.1 fm5:00 ammorning edition8:30 ammarketplace morning reporthd2 the point12:00 amxponential radio11:00 amxponential radiolisten localcultural manifesto: the moody blues’ john lodge / disability activist musician lachilisten to an interview with john lodge, bassist, songwriter, and vocalist for the moody blues.  for over...wfyi news nowhear the news you need to stay informed on  central indiana and statewide indiana news. echoes of indiana avenue: the complete pookie johnson - part 2listen to the second episode of our three-part series exploring the complete works alonzo "pookie"...small studio signal boost: an interview and performance from brett wisconsan interview and performance from brett wiscons and february’s local frequency tracks. watch localacross indiana: looking for loveno date on valentine’s day? you’re not alone! let’s revisit 2006 to explore cupid’s favorite...indiana lawmakers: educationthe panel discusses funding, access, and deregulation in the changing education landscape. indiana week in reviewdemocrats, republicans and insiders debate politics, the indiana statehouse and more. simple civics: what type of government does the us have?online you may see arguments that the united states isn't a democracy. are these claims valid? watch nowall creatures great and smalljames herriots adventures as a veterinarian in 1930s yorkshire get a new tv adaptation. miss scarletkate phillips (peaky blinders) stars in a six-part mystery. finding your roots: latin rootshenry louis gates, jr. meets musician rubén blades & journalist natalie morales. austin city limits: sturgill simpson presents johnny blue skiessturgill simpson performs songs from "passage du desir," under a new name, johnny blue skies.   


 




                  
                  
                  
                  


wfyihomenewsprogramskidseducational resourceswfyi mobile appfollow @wfyiaboutwho we arecareersscheduleseventsserviceswfyi passportcorporate sponsorshipwfyi newslocal newspublic affairseducationarts & culturehealthfollow @wfyinewssupportdonate / become a memberupdate payment methodwills and estate planningdonate your cargifts of securitiesmatching giftsvolunteercontacthelp centercontact wfyinewsroom staffwfyi press releasesdonor privacy policyfcc public inspection filespublic reportingeeo report 


© 2025 all rights reserved.wfyi indianapolis | 1630 north meridian st, indianapolis, in 46202 | (317) 636-2020metropolitan indianapolis public media, inconline privacy policy

 support wfyi. we can't do it without you.






hey




  





 
