



















































 





 


skip to content















home
race
shop



   cart   /      $0.00


0






no products in the cart.















































search for:





 




 













0






cart




no products in the cart.


 







 























the 2025 afm licensing event is now open! for new members and those looking to change their numbers, applications will be processed in the order received. returning racers have their 2024 numbers reserved through january 31st, and after that their numbers will be released into the wild.
get signed up today!!!
sign-up now for the 2025 race season













 






















become an associate member



join as an associate member for just $49. no race license required! your associate membership signifies your endorsement of the oldest amateur racing club in the usa, the american federation of motorcyclists.



go racing
timing
race results

step 1 – sign up with afm. submit your application via motorsportreg (afm.motorsportreg.com) 
step 2 – attend a new racer school. to become a novice racer with afm, you must obtain a certificate from one of our approved trackday providers. carters@ thetrack, fun track days, z2 trackdays, pacific track time.
step 3 – apply for a license with afm





 








 











become a vendor


exploring the possibility of establishing your presence in the afm paddock? discover the exciting opportunities awaiting you as a business owner by becoming a paddock vendor with us.











become a 2025 season sponsors



 







quick links to get you started





tech sheet – printable check list
new racer orientation guide
american federation of motorcyclist competition rulebook






























































frequently asked questions (faq)



what does it take to race?

a willingness to challenge yourself reinforced with information gathering, preparation and using the afm’s mentors to help you succeed.



what racers does the afm have?
all genders, races, social strata and pronouns accepted.

how can i volunteer with the afm?
the afm is always in need of corner workers and other volunteers to help make your race weekends fun. contact us to sign up.

what kind of license do i need to race in afm?
you have to get an american federation of motorcyclists competition license. the afm also offers reciprocity to license holders from other racing organizations. email licensing@afmracing.org for a complete list of reciprocal clubs.

how much riding experience do i need to race?
the more experience you have the better off you will be as you will have a much better understanding of and appreciation for competing in a motorcycle race. key factors that are essential are consistency and predictability gathered via participation at track days or via coaching. decreasing lap times requires excellent control of braking, sustained momentum in corners and excellent throttle control on exits combined with an acute awareness of the riders around you and in front of you – and that means passing riders with care and diligence.



more faq's






afm racer profiles



 















shop
















 
 



 







 add to wishlist









70th anniversary sticker
$1.50
 










 
 



 







 add to wishlist









american federation of motorcyclists 70th anniversary logo hoodie
$45.00 – $53.00
 










 
 



 







 add to wishlist









american federation of motorcyclists rocker tank top
$25.00 – $33.00
 










 
 



 







 add to wishlist









american federation of motorcyclists black & white pin
$10.00
 










 
 



 







 add to wishlist









70th anniversary full zip hoodie
$55.00
 










 
 



 







 add to wishlist









american federation of motorcyclists black & white logo full zip hoodie
$50.00 – $58.00
 










 
 



 







 add to wishlist









american federation of motorcyclists – black and white logo hoodie
$45.00 – $53.00
 










 
 



 







 add to wishlist









afm hat
$30.00
 











general information



board of directors
policies & procedures
afm bylaws

contact












american federation of motorcyclists
afm inc. | 395 taylor boulevard #130, pleasant hill, ca 94523 | (510) 833-race












home
race
shop
 
        all rights reserved 2024 © american federation of motorcyclists
created and maintained by  truth be told apparel















search for:





 




 




    login  



















login


username or email address *
 

password *




 remember me

 log in


lost your password?













































