








kanonkop | red wine | pioneers of pinotage



























































































 






























home
our story
viticulture
winemaking
wines

overview
product information
kadette range
estate range
shop online
agents


visit us
buy our wines

shop south africa
shop international


wine club
news
gallery
contact us














 













where the big guns roar






7








kanonkop wine estate is situated in stellenbosch, the premium red wine region of south africa’s western cape province.

to many, kanonkop is considered to be the south african equivalent of a premier cru or first growth. for others, kanonkop is not just a wine estate.
it is a place of natural beauty where hospitality, family values, tradition, history and interesting characters are as integral to our ability to create magnificent wines as the ancient decomposed granite soils, the cool air from the atlantic ocean and the old dryland vineyards.



watch video












our wines
of all the very fine wines made in stellenbosch and elsewhere in the cape today, the name kanonkop is consistently among those at the top of the list.








wine club
join our wine club to receive special member discounts and first access to new vintages and exclusive tastings.








visit kanonkop
we are open from monday to saturday, and on selected public holidays too. come and experience world-class quality and hospitality.





 










newsletter sign-up

sign up to the kanonkop newsletter to receive updates, and special offers. you can unsubscribe at any time, and we will always protect your privacy.
your subscription confirms your consent to receiving email communications from us.










stay informed of new vintage releases and other news. we have a zero spam policy and will never share your contact information. you can unsubscribe at any time.












subscribe!






you have successfully subscribed!














followfollowfollowfollow





visit us
r44, stellenbosch
monday – friday: 09h00 – 17h00saturday: 09h00 – 15h00public holidays: 10h00 – 16h00



get in touch
tel: +27 (0)21 884 4656cell: +27 (0)84 220 3288general enquiries: wine@kanonkop.co.zatastings: tastingroom@kanonkop.co.za

buy our wine





secure online payments via credit and cheque card (visa and mastercard), instant eft, masterpass, snapscan and zapper







privacy policy | cookie policy | terms & conditions





copyright © kanonkop wine estate | all rights reserved | website by aqua it consulting



 




we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept























login













remember me

forgot password?


sign in








lost your password? please enter your username or email address. you will receive a link to create a new password via email.



email reset link

















                   body::-webkit-scrollbar {
                        width: 7px;
                    }

                    body::-webkit-scrollbar-track {
                        border-radius: 10px;
                        background: #f0f0f0;
                    }

                    body::-webkit-scrollbar-thumb {
                        border-radius: 50px;
                        background: #dfdbdb
                    }
               








0







0

your cart




your cart is emptyreturn to shop



continue shopping







 












































