


johnson outdoor wood furnaces - home































johnson outdoor wood furnaces



















									home
								



									about
								





			additional information
		







									dealer information
								





			illinois
		





			indiana
		





			iowa
		





			michigan
		





			south dakota
		





			wisconsin
		







									warm rite floor
								



									parts
								





			shipping information
		





			radiant heat
		





			heat exchangers
		





			replacement & installation parts
		





			water treatment solutions
		





			miscellaneous parts
		







									faq's
								





			maintenance & trouble shooting
		







									why water treatment?
								



									other items for sale
								



									j-1000 cook stove and heater
								












johnson: the outside furnace people
thank you for your interest in our quality products.  we make the world's most advanced outside wood furnaces, with over 35 years of designing and manufacturing of wood burning furnaces that translate technology only johnson furnaces can give you.  we feature a new larger door, with a thicker 3/8"door frame for even easier loading!  ***new*** no more bypass!  easy to remove inside baffles allow for easiest cleaning ever!family owned and operated.  we'll help you find the answers!for all hot water heating systems, please feel free to call us.  we also carry a large selection of plumbing supplies.
johnson outdoor wood furnaces
whether you currently heat with hot water or forced air, you will love the warmth provided by a johnson stove.  our outdoor wood furnaces eliminate the need to drag wood through your house to stove the fire.  no longer will you need to worry about smoke in your home or chimney fires.  no need to wonder whether the cost of oil or gas will send your heating costs through the roof.  our outdoor wood boilers actually heat water in a tank surrounding a firebox.  the hot water then circulates to your current heating system.
clean, safe, cost effective heat
our stoves come with two doors. one door opens to a firebox where you can load large blocks of wood and leave the fire going all day long. the second door allows for easy ash removal; no need to mess with messy ash pans or augers which can easily get stuck. our stove also allows multiple buildings to be hooked up simultaneously, which means you can heat your home, garage, workshop, pool, or barn and enjoy the benefits of wood heat. no matter who or where you are, there is nothing better then a johnson!
we also make wood fired grills!





johnson mfg. & sales, inc.n5499 county rd eogdensburg, wi 54962phone: (920)244-7581 fax: (920)244-7580
 

 




contact us:
* indicates required field
name *



first



last





email *






comment *

















submit





 













 

 



web hosting by fatcow






