     new & used ford dealer vista ca | north county ford                                 

                                                  north county ford        sales 760-742-6035    service 760-742-6034  parts 760-742-6033      450 west vista wayvista, ca 92083                                          service        map        contact                      north county ford           call 760-742-6035   directions                  express store   how express works   shop all models     new   search all new inventory   in-transit vehicles   kbb instant cash offer     used   search all used inventory   certified pre-owned vehicles   certified pre-owned overview   vehicles under 30k   kbb instant cash offer     service   schedule service   ford accessories   service center   fordpass   mobile service   pickup & delivery   mobile service     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   manufacturer service specials   manufacturer specials   ford pickup & delivery     finance   finance   credit application   college grad rebate   military rebate   credit estimator   payment calculator   commercial credit application   kbb instant cash offer     about   about   contact us   our dealership   employment   north county ford’s community    hablamos espanol   ford protect     research   research   ford car reviews   new ford f-150   new ford f-150 lightning   new ford f-250 / f-350   new ford bronco / bronco sport   new ford escape   new ford edge   new ford explorer   new ford expedition   new ford maverick   new ford mustang mach-e   new ford ranger   new ford mustang   new ford transit vans                     express store   how express works   shop all models     new   search all new inventory   in-transit vehicles   kbb instant cash offer     used   search all used inventory   certified pre-owned vehicles   certified pre-owned overview   vehicles under 30k   kbb instant cash offer     service   schedule service   ford accessories   service center   fordpass   mobile service   pickup & delivery   mobile service     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   manufacturer service specials   manufacturer specials   ford pickup & delivery     finance   finance   credit application   college grad rebate   military rebate   credit estimator   payment calculator   commercial credit application   kbb instant cash offer     about   about   contact us   our dealership   employment   north county ford’s community    hablamos espanol   ford protect     research   research   ford car reviews   new ford f-150   new ford f-150 lightning   new ford f-250 / f-350   new ford bronco / bronco sport   new ford escape   new ford edge   new ford explorer   new ford expedition   new ford maverick   new ford mustang mach-e   new ford ranger   new ford mustang   new ford transit vans               

                                                   disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                       
>






    shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search        buy   finance   lease             minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         





     search new inventory     search used inventory        



special offers 






trade appraisal 






schedule service 






get pre-approved 




       choose your vehicle      mustang      mach-e      escape      edge      explorer      expedition      bronco      bronco sport      maverick      ranger      f-150      f-150 lightning      super duty      transit        




2024 f-150
built to work and play hard.
the ford f-150 features a high-strength, military-grade, aluminum-alloy body and high-strength steel frame, providing the foundation for available best-in-class payload and up to 13,200 lbs. of available towing. the ford f-150 makes tough tasks look easy, whether you’re on the job or out on a weekend getaway.
view inventory


      







certified pre-owned
we call it ford certified pre-owned (cpo). you'll call it peace of mind. that's because every cpo vehicle comes with a 172-point inspection, carfax® vehicle history report, and comprehensive and powertrain limited warranties. there's added value to a ford certified pre-owned vehicle.
search certified


       

north county ford
located in vista, ca
north county ford is pleased to serve southern california drivers and meet all of their automotive needs. with an expansive inventory of new and used ford vehicles, expert finance team and factory-trained technicians, we are your one-stop ford shop. our dedication to customer service sets us above the competitors, and we can't wait to help you find the vehicle of your dreams on our lot.


                                


     






dealership hours
       sales   service   parts            sales    day open closed      monday 9:00am 8:00pm     tuesday 9:00am 8:00pm    wednesday 9:00am 8:00pm    thursday 9:00am 8:00pm    friday 9:00am 8:00pm    saturday 9:00am 8:00pm    sunday 10:00am 7:00pm           service    day open closed      monday 7:00am 6:00pm     tuesday 7:00am 6:00pm    wednesday 7:00am 6:00pm    thursday 7:00am 6:00pm    friday 7:00am 6:00pm    saturday 7:00am 4:00pm    sunday closed closed           parts    day open closed      monday 7:00am 6:00pm     tuesday 7:00am 6:00pm    wednesday 7:00am 6:00pm    thursday 7:00am 6:00pm    friday 7:00am 6:00pm    saturday 7:00am 4:00pm    sunday closed closed         


north county ford in vista ca
north county ford is dedicated to offering comprehensive automotive service to drivers all over vista, escondido, valley center, and ramona, california, and the surrounding areas. our entire team is committed to creating an impeccable culture of support for anyone who walks through our doors.
our goal is to make your car buying experience simple and seamless while providing you with an extensive array of new ford vehicles.

why shop at our ford dealership?
our dealership is all about treating our customers like family and ensuring that they feel valued when they shop with us. we are proud of our community and welcome the chance to share and give back. we are dedicated to providing you with professional sales and service staff trained and certified by ford. from start to finish, we strive to give every customer a truly world-class buying experience.

let’s talk inventory
no matter what you envision your next driving companion to be, you can be confident that we’ve made it possible for you to find it here! below is a brief look at the models you’ll find on display in our showroom and on the lot.

bronco sport
escape
f-150
mustang mach-e

while you’re looking around to track down your ideal set of wheels, one of our friendly sales representatives will be close by to answer questions, demonstrate key features, and join you on that test drive.

welcome to the finance center
whether you’re interested in a lease or a loan, one of our accommodating finance specialists can assist you in pinpointing the option that best suits your lifestyle and budget. they know the right questions to ask and can supply you with helpful answers to any questions you might have while guiding you through the whole process. be sure to take advantage of the following handy online resources prior to your arrival.

payment calculator

credit application
trade appraisal

each of these is easy to access and can give you a head start while you’re still at home.

buying your ford online
to provide you with even more convenience, we’ve also made it possible to go through the entire car-buying process online via our express store. it only takes a few simple steps to complete and swiftly takes you from browsing to delivery. you will also have access to a personal concierge in the event you have questions or need further assistance.

our 5-star service center
at north county ford, we take pride in our service. we employ factory-trained technicians who use state-of-the-art technology and equipment to help you keep your vehicle running like new. to assist our technical team in their job, our service center is equipped with specialized tools and the latest equipment. schedule your next service appointment by completing an online form on our website, after which one of our staff members will contact you to confirm the booking. if you have any queries, please don't hesitate to contact our service department at 760-691-1819 or fill out the contact us form. we will be more than happy to assist you!

come see us today
now that you have a better idea of the kind of experience waiting for you here at north county ford, you’re invited to get a feel for all of this for yourself! if you’re close to escondido, valley center, or ramona, ca, contact our team or pay us a visit at your earliest convenience. we’re excited to be a part of your automotive journey!
 
 



     hello world
     north county ford homepage

drivers in the san diego, ca area have a name that they can trust for quality vehicles and dependable service. north county ford is proud to serve our neighbors in vista, as well as drivers in carlsbad, encinitas, escondido, temecula, and all across the region, and we can't wait to serve you next.
north county ford: your satisfaction is our goal

at our dealership, our mission is to exceed your every need as a driver. no matter what kind of car, truck, or suv you might be looking for, we'll match you up with the perfect new or pre-owned vehicle that will give you the high-quality driving experience you're looking for. we'll continue to support you with anything you might need throughout your ownership experience, building a relationship that lasts.
top-selling vehicles for you to check out



f-150
the range of excellent features and ford tough capability that the 2023 ford f-150 offers has made it america's most popular truck for decades. you'll see why this is the go-to choice for truck drivers everywhere when you get behind the wheel and see what it can do for yourself.


ranger
another strong addition to ford's lineup of capable pickup trucks, the 2023 ford ranger comes with a confident style that will give you a commanding presence on the road. this truck is rated for a towing capacity of up to 3,500 pounds, allowing you to haul anything that you need to bring to your job site, campground, or other destination.


explorer
treat yourself and everyone riding with you to a premium experience when you make the 2023 ford explorer your next suv. seating for up to seven and a spacious cargo area make this the perfect vehicle to choose for your next getaway with your friends or family.




bronco sport
for those who want to take the path less traveled and explore places that other vehicles can't go, there's the 2023 ford bronco sport. standard 4x4 capability equips this vehicle to take on challenging terrain and conditions that would have other vehicles backing down, letting you go anywhere your adventurous spirit takes you.


super duty
sometimes, you need some extra strength to get the task at hand done. that's where the 2023 super duty comes in. the powerful engine lineup available for this heavy-duty pickup truck each delivers exceptional horsepower and torque, allowing you to take on any challenge with confidence.


service and financing



factory-trained service professionals
when you trust your vehicle's care to a professional, make sure that you're getting somebody that you can trust. our fully factory-certified mechanics let you rest easy knowing that all the maintenance your vehicle needs is being handled with diligence and expertise.


second chance financing available
our team believes that one mistake in your credit history shouldn't be enough to prevent you from driving a vehicle that you love. that's why we're willing to work with drivers of all financial backgrounds to help them secure a loan that works for them. we'll provide you with multiple options so that you can get a deal personalized to suit your needs.


    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable government fees and taxes, finance charges, electronic filing charges, and emission testing charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy  | your privacy choices  | additional disclosures north county ford | 450 west vista way, vista, ca 92083 | sales: 760-742-6035 |                



























              
        