









commercial walk-in cooler & freezer rentals | polar leasing



































































































 























walk in rentals

walk-in coolers
walk-in freezers
cold rooms
portable warehousing
ambient temperature


industries

biotechnology & pharmaceutical
cannabis cultivation
catering
construction sites & remodeling
events
food distribution
hospitals & morgues
schools & gov
restaurants & emergency


resource center

freight partners
downloads
troubleshooting tips
faq
rental instructions
media gallery
looking to purchase


service areas
about us

news & events
tradeshows
the fiberglass advantage
testimonials
projects showcase
mission statement


instant quote
contact
request service
















the nafem showfeb 26th – 28th  | booth# 3500
more information



 











nationwidecommercial refrigeration rental 

instant quote












walk-in commercial refrigerator,  freezer & cold room rentals

whether you’re looking for a backup after a failure, extra cold storage during testing or peak times, or a portable refrigeration rental to preserve cash flow, polar leasing can get you the walk-in refrigerator, freezer, or cold room rental you need fast. our ready-to-use outdoor units are made in the usa and feature polyisocyanurate rigid board insulation covered by 100% seamless fiberglass for maximum efficiency in a sanitary environment.







what we offer








walk-in cooler rental
our high-efficiency walk-in cooler rentals provide temperature ranges between 35°f (2°c) and -10°f (-23°c).



rent a cooler






walk-in freezer rentals
pre-set at either 0°f/-18°c or -10°f/-23°c, our walk-in freezer rentals can withstand the toughest conditions. 



rent a freezer






cold room refrigeration rentals
these commercial refrigeration rentals are combination freezer/refrigeration units designed to meet pharmaceutical cold chain needs.



rent a cold room






warehouse commercial refrigeration rentals 
our 16’ x 65’ modular buildings offer the same seamless fiberglass design as our walk-in cooler rentals in a larger-scale solution.



rent warehouse








why polar leasing?








quick installation
save the hassle of assembly and the noise and air pollution of a reefer truck. our commercial refrigeration rentals are delivered pre-assembled and ready to operate with a simple electrical connection.



learn more






convenient storage
our attractive commercial refrigeration rentals can be placed outside your kitchen or lab, or mobilized for off-site needs. rental coolers sit on ground level, providing safe, easy access to your products.



learn more






sanitized rentals
with seamless construction and an antimicrobial gel coat to inhibit the growth of microorganisms, our nsf-approved walk-in coolers and freezer rentals are ideal for foodservice and medical needs.



learn more







cage code: 50fa3







nationwide commercial refrigeration rental

looking for your closest polar leasing location in the continental u.s. or canada? check out the map below to find walk-in coolers, freezers, cold rooms, and warehouses for rent near you, or click here for more information.














trusted by













 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 
 








how it works





1. make a reservation
contact us to reserve your commercial refrigeration rental. our turnaround time is usually quick with some units that can be even delivered within 12-24 hours depending on unit availability and our delivery schedule.









2. schedule delivery
every polar leasing commercial refrigeration rental unit is delivered pre-wired, pre-assembled, and placed in your desired location. no assembly required — just bring power to the unit and it’s ready to go.









3. request pickup
when your rental is over, we’ll come back to remove your walk-in cooler or freezer unit and transport it to one of our many storage facilities across the country. we’ll thoroughly clean and inspect the unit, so it can be rented again.












get started

have questions about your commercial refrigeration rental, or ready to get started? get an instant quote now, or contact us today to schedule your reservation.





instant quote



contact us











 

 
 








 
 





stay up-to-date with the latest news.

followfollowfollowfollow



   ​
looking to purchase?



contact us
(877) 260-7903





copyright 2020 polar leasing, inc. | top states serviced | all rights reserved | privacy policy | terms



 





 










































