












ucf technology product center






























































skip to main content



ucf technology product center

navigation


shop now

appledelllenovoveteran student support
departmental purchases

get started herebrowse ucf it productscheck order statuspayroll deductionpolicies
repair centercontact 














technology product center tpc
fulfilling the hardware and technology needs of ucf students, faculty, staff and departments for over 40 years. take advantage of discounts on personal purchases, request quotes for institutional purchases or rely on our certified technicians for warrantied repairs on top tech brands.










		
					announcements 
					
					 
				


		
					personal products 
					
					 
				


		
					departmental products 
					
					 
				






physical storefront closure
the technology product center’s physical storefront in tech commons ii has permanently closed. the tpc will continue operations exclusively online.

					
					learn how this impacts you 
					
					 
				








personal purchases
at the technology product center, ucf students, faculty and staff can enjoy exclusive discounts on personal technology purchases. we offer a wide range of products from leading tech brands, ensuring you have access to the best devices and accessories. keep scrolling to learn what manufacturers we are currently partnering with.



payroll deduction
faculty and staff can benefit from our convenient payroll deduction option, allowing them to pay for their device over time directly from their paycheck. for more information or to make this type of purchase, please visit ucf payroll deduction.







dell products
discover dell’s reliable and versatile products for your everyday use.

					
					shop dell products 
					
					 
				





apple products
explore apple’s latest innovations for your personal tech needs.

					
					shop apple products 
					
					 
				





lenovo products
find lenovo’s cutting-edge solutions for your personal computing.

					
					shop lenovo products 
					
					 
				








departmental purchases
easily procure all your it needs with the ucf technology product center’s departmental services. benefit from contract-negotiated pricing and efficient software licensing management. access useful tools and forms for making institutional purchases, request quotes, and check order statuses.

					
					start purchasing for your department 
					
					 
				
























learn, share, collaborate

the university of central florida’s information technology departments strive to provide the resources needed to unleash your potential. we offer cutting-edge meeting spaces, digital tools and technology to empower your ideas and support your endeavors. explore how ucf it enriches the academic and professional experiences of students, faculty and staff alike.

software offerings
ucf apps
resnet
ucf mail








ucf technology product center
contact: tpc@ucf.edu | phone: 407.823-5603

© ucf technology product center | university of central florida | site feedback
























