



  



















sunset country, ontario, canada





















































                        home
                    






                        fishing
                    






                        hunting
                    






                        lodging
                    








                        bucket
                    




                        your bucket
                    









                        more
                    















subscribe to our monthly newsletter


nature & outdoors


lakes & rivers


towns & communities



events


shopping


services



travel information centres


attractions & natural wonders


plan your trip



places to stay


stories and travel tips


about sunset country






            your bucket
        








we offer visitors an incredible outdoor vacation experience!




			order your free sunset country travel guide and fishing map  order guide




welcome to canada's premier fishing destination, sunset country in ontario! 
this is your one-stop website for planning your next canadian fishing, hunting, or outdoor vacation - you literally don't have to go anywhere else!
sunset country is a sprawling expanse of boreal forest with 70,000 lakes, rivers, and streams, and home to fantastic outdoor vacations.
our focus is to help you plan your trip and answer any questions you may have about a vacation in canada.
a vacation in sunset country is like no other. up here you can enjoy:

multi-species fishing
big game hunting
canoeing
camping 
houseboat rentals
shopping & dining

sunset country is all about travel to and enjoyment of the great outdoors in canada.
looking for a place to stay?
there are over 250 lodges and other tourism businesses spread across sunset country, places you can drive, boat, or fly into.

drive, boat, or fly into a lodge or remote wilderness cabin. image: jay siemens.

fly into your next fishing adventure. image: devoted outdoors.

some of north america's best muskie fishing. image: jay siemens.

houseboat rentals offer all the conveniences of a cabin but one that floats! 

take a canoe trip to sunset country. image: colin field.

bring your rv to a full-service campground.

remote fly-in outpost cabins!






what would you like to do?



		    fishing
		

		    hunting
		


				outdoor activities
				
					hiking, canoeing + more
				







looking for a place to stay in sunset country?
try our new accommodation finder.
find a place to stay




discover the sunset country experience


 





we're closer than you think

explore sunset country






talk to a sunset country expert
we're here to help you.


1-800-665-7567
send us an email
sign up for newsletter





check out your free travel guide and fishing map
order guide
view online guide
























towns & citiestravel information centrestourism partnersweatherupcoming eventsfaqs about sunset countryget your business listed on this websiteprivacy policy 










© 1974 - 2025 ontario's sunset country travel association





close

request info from your bucket



your name *



e-mail address *



when are you planning on visiting sunset country? 

optional. no need to be exact!














            there are no lodges in your bucket. close









