



  






national college of art and design






























ncad - nationaly college of art and design







ncad in public
library
vle
t&l
staff
students
ncad outreach
news
contact
my ncad















keyword search










about



about



welcome from the director
strategic plan 2019-2024
honorary doctorate
college structure
ncad history
schools & departments
secretary & registrar
key policies and documents
equality diversity & inclusion (edi)
ncad gallery
ncad field
ncad newsletter
visitor info
vacancies



the national college of art and design occupies a unique position in art and design education in ireland. it offers the largest range of art and design degrees in the state at undergraduate and postgraduate level.
explore more




study at ncad



study at ncad



why ncad?
open days and events
ncad prospectus
part time application
international exchange / erasmus
contact us
creative futures academy
international undergraduate applications
studio+
fees
scholarships / funding
student accommodation
faqs - undergraduate



studying at ncad is about excellence in art and design, we encourage diversity and difference in our students in an environment that will challenge your creativity and talent. our goal is that you will graduate with the skills, knowledge, and ambition to flourish in your chosen career.
explore more




undergraduate



undergraduate



ncad open 2024
undergraduate - how to apply
first year
school of design
school of fine art
school of education
school of visual culture



regardless of which programme of study you choose, working towards a degree in ncad means developing your own visual language and your own contribution to our visual culture. you will be challenged intellectually and creatively, we believe you learn as much from your peers as from your tutors and lecturers and that art is not a solitary activity.
explore more




postgraduate



postgraduate



masters programmes
professional development - short courses
scholarships and funding opportunities
international postgraduate
postgrad futures week
masters of research



artists, designers, theorists, critics, historians, educators and other cultural workers pursue postgraduate studies at ncad, attracted by a dynamic environment attuned to the latest developments in art, design, education, visual culture, criticism and theory.
explore more




continuing education



continuing education



cead courses
cead open day 2025
cead part time higher diploma in art
cead  works 2023
cead gallery
cead contact
teaching & learning
cpd for art teachers
cpd in visual art for primary teachers



the centre for continuing education at ncad, provides courses in art and design for adults who wish to explore their creative potential and learn new skills.
explore more




research & innovation



research & innovation



meet the researcher
our people
research news & events
innovation & engagement
doctoral study at ncad
ncad designlabs
research projects with external partners
research at ncad
research- reach out



art and design have a crucial contribution to make to the cultural and intellectual enrichment of ireland, and to ireland’s capacity to create a sustainable knowledge based economy and society.
explore more



















 
next 

 prev 
next









the national college of art and design occupies a unique position in art and design education in ireland, offering the widest range of art & design degrees at undergraduate and postgraduate level. 









ncad postgraduate programmes 2025 - applications are open

applications are now open for all ncad masters programmes commencing in september 2025

apply now




ncad postgrad futures week 2025 - 10-13 february

join ncad for a week of information webinars about our postgraduate programmes

register for ncad postgrad futures webinars




ncad awards honorary doctorate to lorna ross

ncad has today, friday, 29 november, conferred their honorary doctorate award on lorna ross for her commitment to design-led innovation in healthcare.

read more










new partnership

ulster university’s belfast school of art announces partnership with ncad, during 175th anniversary year

learn more




creative conscience global awards

four student groups from ncad have been recognised for their innovative and impactful projects at this year's creative conscience awards

read more




idi graduate awards 2024

ncad design graduates receive 27 shortlists for the idi graduate awards. this accomplishment marks ncad as the most successful institution on the island of ireland in this year's competition

read more










the value of a creative education

writing in the irish independent, professor sarah glennie discusses the value of a creative education.

read full article




ncad works 2024

the ncad annual graduate exhibition show took place from the 7th of june until the 15th of june. explore the work here.

ncad works 2024




ncad climbs world rankings

ncad  is 60th in the world qs world university rankings by subject 2024

ncad rankings 








previous


next






ncad designlabs

ncad designlabs, partners in a consortium led by tympany medical, have been awarded €6.8 million in funding under the dtif award to develop solascope.

more information




ncad design labs

the positive impact that applied design research can have on societies, cultures, economies and environments.

more information




watch- ncad works.

immerse yourself into ncad works. take a look at this stunning video showing the work of the class of 2023

watch the video 





counter infrastructures

a 2-day symposium on art and activism at ncad 4-5 dec 2023

more information




practice-based phd opportunity

fully-funded phd opportunity to explore the knowledge that underpins technology research, development and application. in partnership with connect.

more information




intangible atmospheres

features works by brian cooney, catherine fay, anna keane, liadh kelleher, lois kelleher, leda scully and isabella utria mago, reflecting upon processes of making in contemporary research practices.

more information





gudskul is coming to ireland

following their recent discussion on collectives as a form of practice at the creative futures academy at national college of art & design webinar, gudskul is coming to ireland!

more information




ncad designlabs | health made better

ncad is launching designlabs, a new interdisciplinary centre for creative, human-centred design research and practice.

more information




ncad in top 100 for art & design worldwide

ncad is once again listed in the top 100 in the qs world university rankings

more information





phd proposal workshop

are you interested in undertaking a doctoral study in the fields of art, design, art education, applied arts or visual culture?

more information




creative futures academy

creative futures academy designs learning experiences that allow you to shape your future.  we have the tools to help you learn and grow, wherever your creative career is taking you.

more information











contact information


            	100 thomas street, dublin 8, ireland
                phone + 353 1 636 4200 / fax + 353 1 636 4207
			

            	email fios@ncad.ie
location map



latest news

ncad is 60th in the world in qs world university rankings by subject 2024
                    tuesday, 23rd april 2024
                
ncad alumna mila burov designs first official conferring robes
                    friday, 29th november 2024
                
national college of art and design awards honorary doctorate to internationally recognised leader in healthcare innovation lorna ross
                    friday, 29th november 2024
                



community

like
follow

share

social media policy



















privacy & disclaimer
accessibility
foi act 1997


web design by 





































