


steerforth press





































newsletter sign-up
stay up-to-date with the latest news from steerforth press









twitter
instagram
facebook








 



our titles
about
submissions
contact
search







search the site










harbingers
what january 6 and charlottesville reveal about rising threats to american democracy
a crucial, clear-eyed assessment of what connects the 2 most influential moments of political violence in recent american history, and where we go from here.
this dramatic, revealing book offers an insider account of the planning and aftermath of the racist riot in charlottesville on august 12, 2017, and the insurrection at the us. capitol on january 6, 2021.
author video available here






on locations
lessons learned from my life on set with the sopranos and in the film industry
this page-turning account of starting at the lowest rung on the production ladder among enormously famous & outrageously demanding people will be devoured for its insights, gossip, humor, & storytelling. married and with a child, the author takes unpaid gigs to get a foot in the door, and eventually ends up working on all seasons of the sopranos, often named the best tv show ever.
author video available here






you’ll do
a history of marrying for reasons other than love
“an engrossing account of why individuals have married for reasons other than love and often made that work, but zug also warns of the dangers to our most vulnerable citizens when policy-makers make legal rights and social benefits that should be available to all contingent on marriage.” — stephanie coontz
author video available here

















by wendy dean  and simon talbot 
if i betray these words



by shannon a. mullen 
in other words, leadership



by jim cosgrove 
ripple



by tracey gendron 
ageism unmasked



by ejnar mikkelsen translated by maurice michael 
against the ice



by christopher m. finan 
how free speech saved democracy



by lisa forbes 
i can take it from here



by ami ayalon  and anthony david 
friendly fire











latest news

check out our bluesky feed
read more


social media
follow us on social media!
 
 
 











forthcoming titles







by mark kamine 
on locations



by sandra benjamin 
sicily



by scott alan lucas 
last night in san francisco



by randall balmer 
america’s best idea
















steerforth press
since 1994, steerforth press has sought to publish books that are written well, intended to engage the full attention of the reader, and have something new or important to say.
read more














stay up-to-date with the latest news from steerforth







twitter
instagram
facebook

31 hanover st, suite 1, lebanon, nh 03766603 643 4787info@steerforth.com
© steerforth press. all rights reserved. | site by being wicked








