





project 80s

























skip to content




project 80s












 





expand menu 
80s arcade
80s tv
80s movies
80s music
 




expand menu 
80s arcade
80s tv
80s movies
80s music
 












how did people date in the 80s?

posted on april 27, 2020
by benjamin ferguson
80s dating the 80s







several years ago, dating was just quite simple. yes, uncanny matchmaking services were there wherein people need to send a videotape showing how you actually enjoyed monogamy and aerobics as well as curling up at the fore of a warm fire.
this post provides a breakdown of how dating in the ’80s was. we’ll be giving you how people long ago, deal on getting “yes” from the girl they like. let’s start on!
years ago, a casual date was really easy. both can easily decide as to where they want to spend their date. a guy usually took the woman he loved for a free and easy date in a bennigan’s, which was a gaelic term, which means “fun.” the guy treated her a steak, and then ale, wherein they usually served steak, beer was popularly known there as “ale”, on the other hand, the menu was called as “bill of fare for lords and ladies.”
dating in the ’80s for older people was very much different from today’s generation kind of dating. in today’s time, anyone can hop on their phones, download the latest fuck site and meet up with another that evening.  now, fathers before were stereotypical terrifying men who try to protect their daughters. before, couples do communicate using house phones, which can usually be seen hanging on the wall with a very long and curled cord. this averted privacy as well as resulted to most of the school interactions. cellphones were not yet present at that time. they used cars such as mercedes, station wagons, mustang, and indy pace. they spend their free time on a breakfast club, on dirty dancing, or even on 16 candles. other couples loved to visit footloose and the goonies.
the people in the ’80s kept traditional ideas as well as values. technology had never been their tool in any kind of date. mostly, couples would go to a movie house, go on bowling games and sports events, most notably baseball. other couples also go to a picnic and dinner.
but before the guy could ask the girl out for a date, he should meet the parents first. men should always bring flowers and never forget to tell her that the girl looks nice. a gentleman knows how to open doors or, if not, pull out a chair for a girl. and of course, a guy must bear in mind that he should be responsible for paying the bill for their date. the boy should always make the first move. in return, a girl is expected to agree as to where the guy wants to take her for a date. a girl must be polite also and must be presentable at all times.
dating in the ’80s is nice because a boy is expected to respect the girl. thus, he needs to treat her as an angel. they need to spend a night, which is filled with so much fun. it takes an hour for a girl to prepare for a date since a girl should always look pretty in the eyes of a boy. a girl should always act like a real lady and, at the same, must be polite and respectful also.







how did people get adult entertainment during the 80s?

posted on april 9, 2020
by benjamin ferguson
adult entertainment 80s the 80s







showbiz pizza parlor, dj, mouthwatering tasty mocktails, and a disco ball – those are the things that you can picture if someone asked you about adult entertainment during the ’80s. really, what could be more grown-up and cooler than enjoying the dance floor with the tune of “conga” while the colored lights are flashing and the fog machine is also doing its thing?
during the ’80s, nothing can beat the eagerness of a group of friends attending a dance party. they wore tube skirts, high-heeled stilettos, pearl necklaces, which are long knotted. all are looking forward and very much excited for a night full of fun. some of them were actually in search of their true love. nothing will be great if a hot male requests a female for a dance to the song “heaven” sung by bryan adams is currently playing. what you can do is to just “sigh” for this breathtaking experience.
getting to and going home from the fun night club has been a huge challenge for most individuals in the 80’s, not unless you have your elder sibling who’s willing to give you a lift to and from the night club. if your sibling is not available, then get ready for a real embarrassment because your parents will do the task instead.
if your parents are fed up with all your night routine, expect that your father will yell at you what will be the exact time that he will get back to fetch you up. teen nightclubs were packed in the ’80s, and this place was the place to escape, folks do love to loosen themselves with the live music. they like to get to know some locally known dj’s, win movie passes and albums by joining some contests, and also lose voices as they shout in order for them to communicate with one another due to the deafeningly loud beats and bass. the most played music in the night club aside from “conga” is “sidewalk talk” sung by jellybean, lisa and lisa, “wonder if i take you home”, and “a love bizarre” by sheila e.
long ago and prior to the invention on cam sites, folks do find it entertaining to watch movies, read articles on “playboy” magazine, and disco dolls in 3d along with john holmes. since free internet was just part of a dream back in the ’80s, the only hope for folks before as adult entertainment is “bold stars.” goddesses during that time were the main reason why men took time to line up in a crowded cinema as well as why young boys secretly held betamax sessions for them to appreciate their beauty. some of the stars became a serious artist, yet the “bold star” label was never taken away from their names.
those are just some of the ways how people in the 80’s get adult entertainment, quite different from today’s generation, yet both serve its purpose, which is to give fun and entertainment. whether in a dance club or a theater, individuals tried to make the best out of their time.







from walkmans to boomboxes: nostalgic memories of 80s technology

posted on march 8, 2023
by benjamin ferguson
the 80s





 




the 80s was a decade of technological innovation that brought about some of the most iconic gadgets in history. from the portable walkman to the monstrous boomboxes, this era was defined by its obsession with music and the devices that played it. for those who grew up in the 80s, these devices hold a special place in their hearts, evoking nostalgia for a simpler time. in this blog, we’ll take a trip down memory lane and revisit some of the most beloved technological artifacts of the 80s.
the walkman
the walkman was the must-have gadget of the date of 80s. this portable cassette player revolutionized the way we listened to music, allowing us to take our tunes with us on the go. the walkman became a symbol of the 80s, and it’s hard to think of the era without picturing someone wearing those iconic headphones. the walkman was a game-changer for the music industry and paved the way for the portable music players that followed.
the boombox
if the walkman was the king of personal music players, then the boombox was the emperor of portable sound systems. these massive, shoulder-mounted devices were a staple of 80s street culture, blaring out the latest hits and becoming a symbol of urban style. while they may have been a nuisance to some, the boombox represented a form of self-expression for others, and they remain a cultural touchstone of the era.
the personal computer
while the walkman and the boombox may have defined the music scene of the 80s, the personal computer defined the technological landscape. apple’s macintosh was released in 1984 and helped usher in the era of personal computing. suddenly, individuals could own their own computer and access a whole world of information from their homes like adult enterntainment. the personal computer was a game-changer, and it paved the way for the digital age that followed.
conclusion 
the technology of the 80s was a defining characteristic of the era, shaping the way we consumed media and interacted with the world around us. from the walkman to the personal computer, these devices hold a special place in the hearts of those who grew up in the decade. while they may seem quaint by today’s standards, they remain an important part of technological history and a symbol of a simpler time.







the 80’s: a decade of style

posted on march 15, 2022
by benjamin ferguson
80's fashion the 80s





 




the 1980s was a decade of change. the cold war ended and with it, the era of conflict. the decade saw the rise of new technology and the fall of many traditional values. but it was also a time of style.
it was defined by the arrival of new fashions and hairstyles. people started to experiment with different looks and the medium of television played a big role in shaping popular culture. also, since online dating is still not yet a thing before, people dress up well to look good to their dates. it’s also a witness to the arrival of popular stars such as madonna, michael jackson, and bruce springsteen, who helped to define the decade’s style.
the 1980’s style landmarks
wearing high-heeled shoes became popular. people started to experiment with different hair styles, including the mullet, the bouffant, and the giant afro. popular music also changed during the 1980s. the decade saw the rise of new bands such as duran duran and wham! and popular stars such as madonna, michael jackson, and bruce springsteen helped to define the decade’s style. let’s not forget some adult entertainment stars as well.
how to get the 80’s look

to get the look of the 1980s, start by updating your wardrobe with items from that decade. look for items in bright colors and patterns, and borrow or buy accessories such as big hairpieces, leg warmers, and sunglasses. try to avoid wearing modern clothes that were popular at the time; instead, dress in classic styles such as flares and maxi skirts.
the top 10 best-dressed women of the 1980s
1. madonna2. diana ross3. whitney houston4. cher5. bette midler6. sarah jessica parker7. oprah winfrey8. meg ryan9. cindy crawford10. elizabeth taylor
is the 80’s the best 
what are your thoughts?
so the 1980s was a decade of change, but it was also a time of style. how will you remember the 1980s? let us know in the comments below. 







memorable moments during the ’80s

posted on july 4, 2021
by benjamin ferguson
the 80s






what memories would you have with the ’80s’80s? for me, it would be staying up late to watch a movie, going out to the mall, playing with my friends, or listening to my favorite band. there were times when i did not want to go to school or back home. there were times when i was too busy playing. there were times when i was too tired. there were times when i just did not care about what was going on in the world. the ’80s was a decade of huge cultural shifts, and the music reflected that. here are some of the most memorable moments of this decade.
white label of lp vinyl record with 80’s hits text. close-up shot, top view.
• berlin wall falls
on august 13, 1989, the berlin wall fell. first, the berlin wall, which was built by the east german government to keep east berliners from escaping to the west, fell. it took many months, but by july 1990, the wall that divided berlin had crumbled.
• the aids epidemic
the aids epidemic was a disease that affected many people worldwide. an estimated 1.1 million people died of aids in the 20-year period from 1984 to 2003. the virus was first isolated in a blood sample by robert gallo in 1984. he named it human immune deficiency virus (hiv) after the human immunodeficiency virus was discovered by dr. luc montagnier in 1979. dr. robert gallo was awarded the nobel prize in medicine in 1996 for his work on the hiv virus.
• the commodore 64 pc
the commodore 64 was the first home computer to offer graphics capabilities and also sold very well in the competitive market of the 1970s. the commodore 64 was a well-known name in the 1980s, even though it was not a well-renowned brand during the 1970s.
in the ’80s, the decade was a time for many things to happen. the culture, style, and music changed completely, and the 1980s were also one of the best years for technology.  







why people love the 80s?

posted on march 12, 2020
by benjamin ferguson
the 80s







decade nostalgia commonly happens with a firm time table. all of us got a longing for the past decades, and there are times that we bring back the old style we used to have in the previous years. but in the early 2000s, nostalgia with the ’80s began kicking. most of us fell in love with the ’80s, but the question now is, why do people love the 80’s? what’s with the ’80s that people cannot let go of even now?
in the early 2000s, the fever for the 80’s was really in complete force. nostalgia is not fluently described. thus, we seek comfort with the foods. there’s no sign showing that the 80’s fever will soon slow down. the time that mullets and power ballads ruled the pop culture made people so obsessed with the 80’s. honestly, that’s never a surprise. the ’80s did rule for so long. if you are trying to find for some reason why people loved the 80’s, scroll down for we have the top-most reasons for you.
all was shameless goofy.
every decade seemed ridiculous in experience, yet not as much as the ’80s. shoulder pads, as well as pastel suits, were both popular along with man ponies, side ponies, the jam neon shorts, also the gigantic hair. it was among why the ’80s is on top and preposterous. no one from the ’80s dared to ask if the thing is very tacky. instead, they are looking for some other ways to make it more neon or make it bigger.
self-conscious is out of the picture
people are too insane with the latest fashion in the ’80s, but that is not exactly the way it is, it ‘s just that they are not embarrassed with their style and fashion. they even put keyboard neckties and velour tracksuits, along with the newton-john olivia headbands. then, they will face the mirror and proudly say that they look really nice.
mixtapes
spotify is being used by most folks nowadays, but it is just a pastel imitation of the old mixtapes. both do compile some music collections though mix tapes use a cassette with the help of some dedication and the required skills. mixtapes are said to be tangible and a beautiful art piece, which is quite special and personal compared to other online imitators.
rubik’s cube serves as the smartphone
in the ’80s, folks are busy looking down on their hands while pretending to attend and listen to what the others are telling them. people are not using smartphones at that time; what got them busy is that they are trying to determine how they could do the task of playing the rubik’s cube.
no internet at all
the internet started to serve its purpose in the mid-’90s, but not in the late ’80s. mtv was the media obsession during the decade. turning off is a bit easier, though.
less stress
the ’80s was considered a stress-free decade. tvs have 24-hr channels wherein mostly are news tv.


















about my name is benjamin and i am an avid fan of the 1980s. i start this blog as a passion project. im learning how to use the web and dive into a passion of mine in hopes to meet others. email me at contact@project80s.com.

high school picturefavorite gamefavorite album












project 80s © 2025. all rights reserved.


powered by wordpress. theme by alx.




















