





lactation consultants of atlanta –  atlanta lactation consultant and breastfeeding help





















































skip to content




 lactation consultants of atlanta
 atlanta lactation consultant and breastfeeding help



menu


about us

what is an ibclc?
breastfeeding faq
benefits of breastfeeding


lactation services

lactation consultant visit
corporate lactation program
class for professionals
insurance faq


breast pump rentals

breast pump locations
pump accessories
additional accessories


special offers
events
instagram











lactation services 



as atlanta’s most trusted lactation practice, we have been providing lactation services and helping families with breastfeeding their babies for over 30 years. 
at lactation consultants of atlanta, we are dedicated to helping nursing families meet their breastfeeding goals anywhere in their journey. our mission is to promote, protect, and support breastfeeding by providing lactation services, care, support, and education. we strive to treat our patients like family.
we have many lactation services to meet your needs.

lactation consultant visits

as part of our lactation services we offer thorough personal consultations that can take place in the home, office, virtually using our hippa compliant platform. because we personally take a full history,  the first visit can lasts up to two hours. 

corporate lactation services

we provide professional lactation services for the corporations that are looking to add to their employee benefits package and support their breastfeeding employees.

classes for professionals

are you a health care professional working with families that are breastfeeding their babies but your not sure how to help them? then our classes for professionals is for you. 

hospital grade breast pump rental

we offer ameda hospital grade breast pump rentals. whether you’ve got a medically fragile baby that you are needing to pump for, returning to work and would like to boost your milk supply, or are struggling with milk supply. we can help you with a breast pump rental. our breast pump rental stations are available all hours of the weekdays and weekends to meet your needs.  

you’ve got questions, we’ve got answers!

because breastfeeding is a learned art, some mothers and babies may experience difficulties that sometimes require the knowledge and skills of an experienced professional.  
lactation consultants of atlanta specializes in: 


providing guidance or reassurance
answering your breastfeeding questions 
your baby has trouble latching or staying latched at the breast
your baby is always hungry, feeding every hour, or for long periods of time
you think your baby may have a tongue or lip tie
your baby has had a tongue or lip tie revision
your baby is extremely fussy at the breast
your baby is extremely sleepy at the breast 
you have concerns with diaper output 
your baby has been supplemented
you are bottle feeding
you’re using a nipple shield 



you’re feeling overwhelmed 
you’re having difficulty with positioning
you are recovering from a c-section or strenuous labor 
you have concerns about low milk supply or an oversupply 
you have a strong letdown reflex
you’re having hormonals issues
you have other health issues that might impact breastfeeding 
you’re returning to work 
your baby has a cleft lip or cleft palate 
your baby has any special needs or health concerns 
relactation
you’re feeding multiples 


your baby is experiencing slow weight gain
you’re weaning from the breast or from the pump
you’re pumping exclusively or partially 
you are in any pain when breastfeeding or pumping. pain is not normal!!!! 
you have damaged nipples
you have a gassy or fussy baby 
you are experiencing ductal inflammation, engorgement, mastitis  
your baby has down syndrome 
you are inducing lactation 
adoptive breastfeeding
you have a history of breast surgery or trauma to the breast 










lca website privacy policy and terms and conditions of use (us) 



book now


follow us!
schedule with sharon 


schedule with jana


schedule with melissa


schedule with cydni


schedule with patricia


schedule with allegra

directions:service area acworth, alpharetta, ansley park, atkins park, atlanta, atlantic station, brookhaven, brookwood hills, buckhead, cabbagetown, chamblee, cumberland, downtown, druid hills, dunwoody, east atlanta, east cobb, east lake, east point, edgewood, glenridge, grant park, inman park, intown, johns creek, kennesaw, kirkwood, mableton, marietta, midtown, morningside-lennox park, oakland city, old forth ward, poncey-highland, reynoldstown, roswell, sandy springs, smyrna, virginia highlands, vinings, west cobb, and many more!

north ga service area ball ground, canton, jasper, keithsburg, marble hill, nelson, tate, waleska, woodstock

west ga service area hiram, dallas, douglasville, powder springs, rockmart, villa rica

connect with us!contact information lactation consultants of atlanta, inc.
 2141 kingston court se
marietta, ga 30067
phone: 770-644-0555
fax: 770-644-0514
contact@breastfeedingatlanta.com








					lactation consultants of atlanta          
                

				  all rights reserved 
                













