
 









scotthulse law firm - el paso, tx - las cruces, nm










































































el paso attorneys
las cruces attorneys
make payment


 search 















our firm
attorneys

el paso attorneys
las cruces attorneys


experience

practice areas
industry experience


resources

news
our blog
legal updates
labor & employment seminar


careers
contact us

find us
contact us


 







 


























































 



 


serving the u.s./mexico borderplex region 
							 








scotthulse attorneys have played a role in the growth and development of the el paso and las cruces borderplex region for more than a century. today, our lawyers are involved in client and community initiatives that are transforming the borderplex into the most dynamic commercial center in the southwest and the epicenter of u.s./mexico trade.— bernard felsen, chairman





a full-service commercial law firm

the expertise of our el paso attorneys and our lawyers in las cruces, new mexico encompasses corporate and business law; real estate and construction law; trial and appellate litigation; bankruptcy and creditor’s rights; labor and employment law; government and education law; insurance defense and healthcare law; tax law; international business & trade law; immigration & nationality law; manufacturing; mexico law; mexico energy; estate planning, probate and asset protection; and intellectual property. our mexico law practice group also provides licensed legal representation in mexico. for additional details, visit practice areas.





the value of 130 years of commitment

at scotthulse, we know the value of commitment. a solid, firm-wide commitment to our clients and strong values, including integrity, excellence, and responsiveness, has sustained the scotthulse tradition of service for more than a century.  founded in 1889, scotthulse is one of the leading full-service commercial law firms in the southwest, with multiple offices staffed by experienced attorneys in el paso, texas and las cruces, new mexico.


recent news


september 18, 2023
scotthulse attorneys selected to the 2023 texas super lawyers and texas rising stars lists
august 17, 2023
scotthulse attorneys recognized by best lawyers®
june 23, 2023
scotthulse attorney speaks at utep’s 35 under 35 alumni speaker series

may 22, 2023
scotthulse welcomes summer law clerks
march 28, 2023
scotthulse attorney henry paoli renews board certification in civil appellate law
march 22, 2023
scotthulse attorneys selected to the 2023 texas super lawyers list


blog posts & legal updates

recent posts


federal overtime rule changes: what texas & new mexico businesses need to know


non-compete agreements under fire: the ftc’s proposed ban


u.s. supreme court changes legal standard for “adverse employment action”


common tenant claims and defenses against landlords – and how to avoid them


twitter feed


tweets by @scotthulselaw






no legal advice. the content of this website is for informational purposes only. nothing on this site is intended to provide a source of legal advice. laws change and all facts and circumstances are unique. therefore, you should not act upon any information provided on this website without seeking legal counsel.
___________
no attorney-client relationship. your communications with scotthulse through this website do not constitute or create an attorney-client relationship with scotthulse or any of its attorneys. any unsolicited communications to scotthulse are not confidential, are not privileged, and do not create an attorney-client relationship between you and scotthulse. therefore, do not send or include any information in your email that you consider to be confidential or privileged.





key links

 careers
 site map
 legal notices





 


  e-mail scotthulse






el paso, tx

scotthulse pc

   one san jacinto plaza
   201 e. main dr., suite 1100
   el paso, tx  79901
    915.533.2493






las cruces, nm

scotthulse pc | law firm

   201 north church street, suite 201
   las cruces, nm  88001
    575.522.0765




























