







production craft | video production company in chicago 
















































































































              about us
            

i video production


i camera crews


i broadcast studio development


            | faqs
          



        contact us
      





back


            overview
          

            production services
          

            studio rental
          



back


            overview
          

            crewing services
          

            portfolio
          

            equipment packages
          



back


            overview
          

            services
          

            case studies & examples
          


































































































about us
i video production

overview
production services
studio rental


i camera crews

overview
crewing services
portfolio
equipment packages


i broadcast studio development

overview
services
case studies & examples

| faqs







create video that impacts




contact us









scroll








award-winning chicago-based video production companyfor more than 35 years, production craft has brought quality video production and studio services to the chicago area and beyond.

 


    create video that impacts
  
















our services
















produce a video








full or partial production teams produce results-driven video, coordinating everything from conceptual storyboard creation to media delivery and everything in between.
















book a camera crew








professional chicago camera crews with local expertise, advanced technical skills, and creative problem-solving skills
















install a studio








customized in-house studio installation, development, and training: a sound investment for good public relations and internal communications    











what makes us differenttelling your story using video is a great start. but if you really want to get the needle moving, you’ll need strategic video content that engages and helps guide customers through their decision-making process. that’s where we come in.













we're strategicour award-winning staff is invested in your project and your success.we don’t take the term strategic lightly. you have a goal, and we want to help you achieve that goal by carefully crafting video content that serves a purpose. through detailed project supervision, technical expertise, creativity, and a commitment to you and your business, production craft delivers superior work. understanding your unique business goals and challenges is our first step. let’s talk.




    let's talk strategy
  













we're experiencedour craft (pun intended) is simplifying the complex process of video production for you.for almost 40 years, we’ve produced award-winning work for fortune 500 companies and the like. we couple our creative problem solving with artistic know-how to bring the elements of a shoot (like visual composition, perspective, lighting, and movement) together to create the best video possible.




    create the best possible video
  













we deliver resultsour integrity and hard work speaks for itself.most of our new work comes in by word-of-mouth. this is a great honor for us, because it means that our clients value our relationship as we do theirs. we act as an extension of your team and value what is important to you and your company, and do so with the utmost integrity. that is what’s kept us in business for over 38 years. how can we help you?




    we're ready to service you
  








featured video examples

  

see our demo above and check out projects from our video production and camera crews below







 

interview montage





 

awareness video





 

camera crews demo





 

time-lapse video





 

trade show demo





 

live event streaming





 

training video





 

instructional video series





 

experiential marketing & social media








    learn more
  











trusted by top brands across industriesour video solutions are as unique as our client base. here are a select few:

 





























































our principles



we acknowledge the trust placed in us by both our business partners and staff. we prove on a daily basis our respect for confidentiality and shared effort.  we practice continually a culture of inclusion, personal and professional respect, and a belief that diversity of thought and culture make us stronger. 








video tips and resources






featured

























how to increase video viewership and engagement: part two
































how to increase video viewership and engagement: part one
































why video: video marketing statistics, 2024
































how to use ai for video editing: 5 tips to speed up post-production workflow
































how much does video production cost? what to expect across the u.s. markets

















  



subscribe
sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.




email address






sign up




we respect your privacy.
thank you!










trusted as the best video production company in chicago. production craft, video services in chicago



our services: book a camera crew, produce a video, install an in-house studio



work with an experienced, video content production house, production craft, video chicago



video examples:interviews, field production, live events, social, training, explainer, corporate...



check out how these top brands use video. production craft, video production house chicago



get video tips and resources from professionals at production craft, video solutions for chicago










production craft, chicago video production companywbe & wosb certifiedchicago, il | (312) 829-0272production craft - reviewed by google users - rating: 5.0 out of 5  





production craft i chicago video production
1937 west walnut street,
chicago, il, 60612,
united states
(312) 829-0272
info@productioncraft.com


hours
mon 9:00-5:30
tue 9:00-5:30
wed 9:00-5:30
thu 9:00-5:30
fri 9:00-5:30
sat closed
sun closed


 

frequently asked questionsvideo tips and resourcesour blog on all things videoabout usemployment opportunities corporate responsibility policyprivacy policyterms

  

connect with usfacebooklinkedininstagramyoutubegive us a review

 

© 2024 production craft, inc. all rights reserved.





















