

easy budget - professional movie budgeting software




























 







why choose easy budget?




                  		create complex budgets much faster than any other program.
                  




 
                        the built-in "intelligent" features will save you thousands 
                  		- no other program has this feature! 
                   




 
                  		clear, concise content and superior graphic output 
                  		 helps sell your ideas and make you look great! 
                	












 





 how 
                  i made my first feature film - making the tin man 
                  - (read the 
                  first 10 chapters)
                 
                  it details the trials and tribulations experienced in order 
                  to make a first feature film, "tin man." not some hollywood 
				publicist's account, but the no-holds-barred description of 
				everything that happened - the triumphs and the disasters. 
               
                the 
				book takes you through every step from raising the money through 
				distribution. there is a major emphasis on directing actors, 
				dealing with unions and what a director needs to know about 
				editing. lots of important information available nowhere else.
				
				"if you're going to make a feature film you'd be 
				well-advised to read this book first."
				                    
				ronald neame, director ("the prime of miss jean brodie," "the 
				poseidon adventure.")
 buy it now! 






articles


ten 
                  things every producer and director should know 


ten 
                  more things every producer and director should know 


 it’s 
                  just some extra zeros... 


making 
                  the tin man: how i made my first feature film


the truth about the sag ultra low budget agreement


 all 
                  about completion bonding companies


 money 
                  savers!


the 
                  strange tale of peter borg


nice script. where is the budget?


an 
                 honest look at film festivals


screenplay  structure the propper way











free bonus!


free access to our wage and labor database 
                    with the purchase of easy budget! simply log in here and have this important reference available when creating your 
                    budgets.





                      take a video tour of our program (requires windows media player) 

click here







testimonials


"easy budget has 
                  been my program of choice for the past three years. it's user-friendly 
                  and fast and there is great technical support to answer any 
                  and all questions." 
                       -- david 
                    landau, emmy award winning producer 
                  
                  "thanks for great software at a very reasonable price." 
                      -- zoe edgerton, 
                  producer, los angeles 











copyright © 1994-2020 the easy budget company. 
		last updated in april, 2020
      for more information, contact webmaster1 at easy-budget.com 
    






