     home       










          336-413-2003   

about us

carrier affiliations



products

services

quotes

mobile quotes

ipipeline forms

ipipeline product information / underwriting

ipipeline quotes

ipipeline igo e-app



contact us

            serving the independent insurance & financial professional   run a quote    let us help you grow your business life • annuities • long term care • disability • life settlements first summit financial is a national marketing organization who specializes in serving the independent insurance and financial professional. our goal is to help you grow your business and increase revenue. let’s build a better tomorrow together!       case consultation      case design & implementation      complete software & proposal support      advanced sales support         lifeannuitieslong term caredisabilitylife settlementssecurities    life    
universal life
individual life
survivorship life
term life
interest sensitive whole life
traditional whole life
   
unisex pension whole life
unisex pension participating universal life
payroll deduction life
fed and military payroll deduction
simplified issue to $250,000
    annuities    
single and multi-year rate guarantees
qualified annuities
non-qualified annuities
fixed annuities
equity index annuities
   
variable annuities
indexed variable annuities
single premium immediate annuity
single premium deferred annuity
flexible premium deferred annuity
    long term care    
traditional products
asset-based products
          disability    
individual - high limit / excess disability
impaired risk
guarantee issue/guarantee to issue 
multi-life – list bill
key person
business continuation – disability buy/sell
   
business overhead expense
professional
blue collar
payroll deduction
group
    life settlements    call us to learn more about the value of the life insurance you no longer need.
the process:

deciding to sell – before making a decision, the policyholder and their beneficiaries must make a conscious decision to pursue this option.
determining eligibility – there are certain specifics that determine if an individual will qualify such as premiums, the life expectancy of the insured, and the death benefit. these factors will be used to determine how much the policy is worth at no cost to the insured.
the offer – the offer is sent to the insured. it is more than the price, but less than the death benefit.
acceptance – if the amount offered by the licensed buyer is acceptable to the policy seller, they can choose to accept and request the required documents to move forward.
    securities    
securities offered through concourse financial group securities
concourse financial group securities has 1:6 employee to advisor ratio
technology solutions to help your practice, enhance your search, and increase your efficiency
   
exceptional customer service and product/portfolio support
direct, brokerage, and advisory securities business supported
                                                  view all carrier affiliations      learn more
please complete the brief form at the right to learn more.      first name    please enter a first name     last name    please enter a last name     company    please enter a company     email    please enter an email address     phone    please enter a phone number       send now        run a quote     x      for a copy of cfgs's form crs, please visit: https://www.concoursefinancial.com/investor-disclosures   

about us

carrier affiliations

quotes

  

products

services

contact us

   securities offered through concourse financial group securities, inc. (cfgs), member finra/sipc. advisory services offered through concourse financial group advisors, a dba for cfgs, a registered investment advisor. first summit financial is independent of concourse financial group securities, inc.          first summit financial5057 marble arch rd.winston salem, nc 27104336-413-2003
reed california license # 4037706
bill california license # 0b69611       securities offered through concourse financial group securities, inc. (cfgs), member finra/sipc. advisory services offered through concourse financial group advisors, a dba for cfgs, a registered investment advisor. first summit financial is independent of concourse financial group securities, inc.    first summit financial5057 marble arch rd.winston salem, nc 27104336-413-2003
reed california license # 4037706
bill california license # 0b69611    





 

 



  