


	texas kofc state council
































facebook



twitter



linkedin



youtube



instagram



pinterest



github



vimeo



close



menu



search



arrow right



arrow left



arrow down



arrow up



arrow up



home



arrow next



arrow previous



rss icon



calendar icon



warning icon



user icon



lock icon



user icon



plus icon



minus icon
















menu








login








state council














                                back
                            



about us









state officers









state office









state per capita payments









miscellaneous payments









prayer requests









photo gallery











donate now














                                back
                            



state council charity goal









individual charitable donations









cardinal medeiros fund









license plate program









texas special olympics









disaster relief









american wheelchair mission











news














                                back
                            



events









news across texas









finish line











for membership











login








web
site




search







































































texas state council 
welcome to the texas state council website. please use the website as a place to get some of your knights of columbus news, register for events, download some valuable information and as a resource for anything needed to help you achieve your goals.
our theme for the year is "follow me" for jesus christ is leading us especially during these trying times. he will never abandon us. 
the 117k knights in texas are committed to the principles of the order, charity, unity, fraternity and patriotism. we practice our commitment by living through our faith in action program consisting of faith, family, community and life.
we will always strive to be available where there is a need because where there is a need, there is a knight.
god bless texas, god bless you and your family,
vivat jesus
ron alonzo
state deputy











events
join us
submit your news
pay state per capita
pay charity goal



































upcoming events
all events







first annual texas state cornhole tournament





 february 22, 2025

 hallettsville, tx

 all day event








60th annual texas state knights of columbus handicap bowling tournament





 february 15-16 & 22-23, 2025

 san antonio, tx

 all day event








tsc online live auction





 february 25, 2025

 zoom

 7:00 pm












latest news
all news

 






state charity appeal





                            december 30, 2024
                        


                        dear brother knights and ladies of the texas state council:

the founding principle of our order is charity, fraternal charity to our brot...
                        …read more



 






submit your news to tkofc.org





                            february 05, 2025
                        


                        you can submit your news, articles, events, and pictures to the website by sending them to txstatec@gmail.com, we'll get them publi...
                        …read more



 






deadline to apply for education grant nears





                            january 30, 2025
                        


                        worthies and brother knights,

the deadline for submitting the state educational grant applications is fast approaching. please encourage ...
                        …read more



 






























prayer intentions
submit a prayer intention















joe messina
please pray for the brother joe messina in his battle with cancer






gary bentz
please pray for the recovery of this founding grand knight of our council






kevin jessup
dear brothers:

prayers are requested for kevin jessup, father of sheldon.  brother sheldon jessup is a member of saint patrick council 16778 in el paso.  his dad is seriously ill with cancer.  


vivat jesus!

bill hegeman 
kc 16041






dr dean hansen
please pray for a successful surgery for dr dean hansen state star council committeeman on feb 12th. doc will undergo rt hip total replacement .






fr. dan malain
former longtime chaplain of fr. william brooks council 5145 in nederland has entered hospice. please lift him and his family up in prayer.






sk joe rodriguez, fdd, former tsc committee man,  tsc fmos & fdm 2
our brother, sk joe rodriguez, passed away after a brief illness, on saturday, february 1,2025. please keep his widow, gloria, in your prayers for strength she will need at this time and into the future.

if you are available to attend his services. his services are as follows: 

sunday 2/16/25 4-8pm family & friends will be received @ castle ridge mortuary main chapel
10901 w loop 1604 north
san antonio, tx 78254

5:30pm kofc - special presentation. 

6:00pm rosary

monday 2/17/25 11am funeral mass. location:
st. anthony mary claret
6150 roft rd 
san antonio, tx 78253.

internment: 
monday 2/17/25 12:45
location:
mission burial park south
1700 se military dr
san antonio, tx 78214

may our brother and friend rest in the love and peace of our saviors arms. 
joe was a catholic man that served his church, country, family & fellow man with his every move! until we are together, again you live in my heart.  ybic, pat






allison hall bundick
please pray for healing for allison, daughter of karen trochta, the celebration correspondent for the texas state council, who will be having colon surgery on wednesday, feb 5, in sugerland. she was diagnosed with colon cancer a few days before christmas. let's pray that the surgeon's hands are guided by the holy spirit and a complete healing is given to her.






sk joe rodriguez
please pray for the repose of the soul of sk joe rodriguez, who passed away on saturday, february 1st, at 3:59 pm. funeral arrangement are pending at this time. eternal rest grant unto him o lord, and let the perpetual light shine upon him, my he rest in peace, may his soul and the souls of all the faithfully departed brother knights rest in peace !






harry (ike) isenberger
update on harry isenberger of council 4307, blessing. harry came home from the hospital on friday, jan 31, fully recovered. he wasn't given a reason for his stroke, but by the grace of god, had no lasting effects. he has gone back to work ! thank you jesus for your healing powers !d god is good !






kenneth l otte, psd
past state deputy kenneth l. otte is in hospice care. prayers are requested.






harry (ike) isenberger
please pray for the recovery of former dd 187, harry isenberger, of palacios, who suffered a stroke this morning. he was taken to calhoun county memorial medical center in port lavaca and was transferred to memorial herrmann in houston for treatment. may god guide the hands of his doctors to heal him of this affliction. amen.






charles "chief" veith
funeral services for chief veith.
vigil/rosary: friday, jan.  31st - visitation 5-8pm, rosary 6:30pm at memorial oaks funeral home houston
funeral mass: saturday, feb 1st at 11am, st cyril of alexandria catholic church
interment to follow at memorial oaks cemetery






adan navarro 
brother joe navarro is asking for healing prayers for his younger brother adan navarro who will be having surgery tomorrow. may god guide the doctor's hands for a safe and healing result. in jesus name we pray. amen.






sk joseph w. shaw, jr.
sk joseph w. shaw jr. went with the lord on january 15th., 2025. 1st., 2nd., and 3rd. degree 01-01-1956, last council 13250. 4th. degree 05-01-1958, last assembly 3699.

the lord bless you and keep you: the lord make his face shine upon you, and be gracious to you: the lord lift up his countenance upon you, and give you peace. (num. 6:24-27)







debra hanus
please pray for debra hanus, daughter of leo & lorraine hanus - psd. she is scheduled for knee replacement tomorrow - 01/14/25. 






+s.k. billy kornegay
for the repose of the soul of sk billy kornegay, trustee of mother teresa assembly 2506 in garland, tx, who passed away in november 2024. billy lived a full life of service and is survived by over 200 brother sir knights in mother teresa assembly. 






francisco sotelo
please pray for the peaceful repose of the soul of leonarda e. sotelo, 90 years old.  mother of dd francisco sotelo from lubbock.  she passed away december 26, 2024 in pecos, tx.






s.k. charlie veith
pray for the repose of his soul. charlie was found tuesday, december 31, 2024, in louisiana. arrangements are pending and will be communicated when finalized. may god rest his soul.






maureen evans
please pray for the peaceful repose of the soul of maureen evans, sister of beth frugé, wife of immediate past state deputy terry frugé.

maureen passed away in her sleep early christmas morning, very unexpectedly. 

please also pray for her daughter megan evans and all the family.   arrangements are currently pending and will be communicated when they are finalized.

may god rest her soul!

 

beth frugé  























subscribe to the prayer group









            first name


            last name


            email


        join















texas knights of columbus 
state council office
6633 highway 290 east, suite 204
austin texas 78723-1157
(512) 442-1492
 




































texas state council forms


caballeros de colon


photo gallery


supreme council forms












supreme council


knights of columbus insurance


our founder


fourth degree



















copyright 2025 by knights of columbus
terms of use
login
















