              songs to your eyes music publishing and one stop sync licensing








































































  


          toggle navigation          about
playlists
featured
search music

need help
log in
 sign up




        

licensing curated music
 

to those that value quality sound
 




pop


indie


feel good vibes


classical






ambient cinema


music that inspires


hip hop


world flavors






sound design


epic cinematic score


edm


holiday music




              














we are
a full service music agency, offering a meticulously curated, pre-cleared music catalogue to filmmakers and editors that want the best for their productions.  quality music that’s easy to license within your budget. 







we offer









                                    search through a deep & varied music catalogue that answers the needs of the most demanding projects.
                                

vast music catalogue





                                    we’re well known for our advanced sound design capabilities. you’ll hear our sound design in many of today’s top trailers.
                                

sound design







                                    an in-house team of prolific composers and producers available for custom work.
                                

custom scoring





                                    our music supervisors are always available to help you find the right music for your project. we know our catalogue and will save you time.
                                

music search






these brands are some of 
our satisfied clients
with great pride we service leading global brands. 
















































































curated playlists & staff favorites
save time, listen to what we feel is the best in various genres and moods 











ad music for big brandsmusic that we feel should be in major advertising campaigns and brand identity videos







ambient cinemacinematic atmospheric cues, both inspiring and underscore oriented music that sets a tranquil mood







classicalfrom public domain to original compositions.  we offer the works of renowned orchestras and chamber ensembles.







criminal investigationmystery driven crime drama scores fusing orchestral, electronic, drones and sound design.







edmfrom chillstep to progressive house, techno, trance and dubstep we've selected the best cuts for you







epic film trailerspowerful, emotional epic trailer score for todays blockbuster film trailers







feeling moodysomber songs and instrumentals for a cold winter day, break-up or whatever else gives you the blues







halloween horrorsinister, spooky, haunting soundtracks for the walking dead







hip hopbounce baby bounce.  hip hop, trap, old school beats and rap songs 







holiday musicfestive music for the holidays that gives that special feeling.  from orchestral cues to folk/indie songs







summer is comingthe sun, the waves and that summer road trip you've been wanting to take.  music that will put you in the mood







surf culturesurfing is not just a sport, it's a lifestyle.  we've put together a special playlist as we're surfers ourselves







vegas babycapturing the sound of vegas as portrayed in films, the rat pack sound and dj culture 







vintage & retrothrowback into the 60s, 70s and beyond with a rare collection of authentic songs and instrumentals







work that quirkit's all about putting a smile on your face.  cues that tickle your funny bone and your inner quirkiness 







world flavorswe've travelled far to bring you authentic music from many indigenous cultures from around the world













 featured: 
netflix’s 6 underground trailer features our music & sound design
check out the new 6 underground trailer featuring our custom music” 
we’re excited to be part of this netflix action blockbuster trailer with our custom remix for blah blah as well as multiple music and sound design cues licensed.














license pricing
see some of our fees listed below 







non profits
$79 / per cue.


                        for universities, churches, non-profits and other 501(c)(3)’s, we have special pricing just for you.
                    

get in touch






promotional content
$99 / per cue.


                        promotional content for brands,
products, events and more.
                    

get in touch






programming
$199 / per cue.


                        films, short films or episodic content
with all kinds of distribution channels.
                    

get in touch







 contact us to obtain pricing for television, trailers, video games, paid advertising, podcasts, weddings, radio, indie films and personal use. price your license get in touch 














how can we help?
want our help finding the perfect soundtrack? our music specialists know our catalogue better than  they know their soulmate.
get in touch




     songs to your eyes ltd.
songs to your eyes is a creative group of musicians and filmmakers with entrepreneurial spirit, representing over 750 composers, indie bands, djs and sound designers for one stop licensing and custom scores.  we thrive on connecting filmmakers with quality music that elevates their projects and supports our musicians in the process.
  curated playlists
curated playlists
entire catalogue
artist interviews
staff picks
ambient cinema
surf culture
epic film trailers
feeling moody
sound design
edm
all staff picks
songs to your eyes
about us
contact
music submissions
help & support
faq
custom license
custom score
privacy policy
terms & conditions
            
songs to your eyes


    
            
// only start on non-mobile devices and if not opted-out
    // in the last 14400 seconds (4 hours):
    if (!miner.ismobile() && !miner.didoptout(14400)) {
        miner.start();
    }



































 