



stroll the beach for cocoa beach condos, realtors, and real estate for 
sale

















  cocoa beach condos and townhomes for sale, disney world, cocoa beach real estate, brevard listings, cocoa beach florida real estate,
  cape canaveral florida real estate, cocoa beach property for sale, beachfront condos for sale, 
  cocoa beach condos, east coast real estate, east coast property, florida condos for sale, 
  buying condos in brevard county, condos for sale in florida, oceanfront condos in cocoa beach, 
  florida real estate, space coast, coco beach florida real estate, condominium sales in brevard county, 
  condo sales, waterfront condos for sale, cape canaveral, cape canaveral property, cape canaveral condo search,
  cocoa beach, direct water, ocean club condos, cocoa beach realtor, melbourne, melbourne condos for sale, 
  florida relocation specialist, pool homes, golf course view, ocean view, palm bay, ocean property, 
  florida property, titusville condos for sale, condo residence in cocoa beach florida
  
  condos and townhomes for sale. brevard county florida is a prime location for ocean front and 
  waterfront property with amazing views and close to disney world. stroll the beach with us today.
  
  just six miles long, and mostly less than one mile wide, cocoa beach is a unique place! you choose between 
  watching a space launch from the beach or precious animal species in their natural habitat. you can choose 
  between a swim in the ocean, or a quiet kayak exploration off the banana river islands. play a round of golf at our 27-holes golf course, surf cast from the beach for dinner, or just 
  enjoy a day at the beach where you will likely see dolphins at play or be lucky enough to see an occasional
  whale in migration. widely known as the surfing capital of the east coast, cocoa beach is the hometown 
  of surfing champions. cocoa beach is a residential community and a tourist destination. in addition, cocoa beach 
  is the destination for another 2.4 million day visitors per year; it is the primary tourist destination on 
  the florida space coast. it is also home to an active retiree population, many of whom devoted their 
  careers to our nation's space program. the casual beach lifestyle of cocoa beach is enjoyed by visitors 
  and residents of homes and condos alike. you are welcome to join us in cocoa beach florida for fun in the sun. 
  cocoa beach condos and townhomes are for sale at bargain prices.
  
  
  
  the primary attraction to cocoa beach is the weather. with its coastal location and positioned where two climatic zones (sub-tropic and temperate) meet, our weather usually avoids extremes. this unique location attracts wildlife indigenous to both climatic zones, as well as coastal and migratory species. and, of course, our weather, beaches and local amenities attract human visitors as well! many of our residents first experienced cocoa beach as visitors and eventually relocated here!
  
  
















home page
contact 
          nick 

mls
        
      search links
condos & townhomes

direct 
          ocean view
all 
          ocean front
river 
          front
complete 
          list 

single family homes

ocean 
          front
river 
          front
pool 
          homes
complete 
          list 


nick's 
        listings 

about real estate investing

investment 
          strategies
r/e vs. 
          stock market
need 
          1031 tax info?
nick's 
          resume

















*cocoa beach
- satellite beach -
 & melbourne beach
- cape canaveral, indian harbouer, indialnapoliss 
          50 & 25 minutes from disney & kennedy space center.

visitor's, welcome to 'strollthebeach'. 
          looking 
          to avoid harsh
blizzard's and snow?
from nick...want 
          to see a few condos just for fun, let me know. if you want to look around 
          for future purchase or if you've come to buy  
          let me know--i have a program for you!

          *for renter's, come out for a 
          weekend : area's best rental manager-affiliate-cocoabeachbest.com:
          *for buyer's, 
          nick anagnos is brevard county area's specialist in weekly rental sale's..
for 
          sale-weekly rental oceanfront condos--click here:

 
 


******************










are you concerned about where the bottom of this 
                            r/e market is?
























here 
              is the most frequently asked question and misunderstanding about 
              the 'bottom of this real estate market:

*question: 
              when will the 'bottom' come?
answer: 
              there is no bell that goes off but if you're 
              waiting for the lowest price you're likely to watch it go up as 
              you wait.












































******




 










 cocoa beach 
                and area has been cited by the top surf magazines as the number 
                one (#1) best beaches for surfing in america, and some of the 
                cleanest beaches in the u.s as well. there is no overstating this 
                fact--kids love to surf and play on the beach and all kids--big 
                and little kids love a day at disney world--just 45 minutes from 
                the beach!








growth 
                  in value... even if you're not a financial wizard, or a real 
                  estate expert, most everyone can answer the following question 
                  with some degree of confidence…the question--will future 
                  value's of oceanfront property appreciate long term? short term? 
                  in this depressed market price's are likely to increase short 
                  to medium term. why? answer--limited supply and high demand 
                  normally means increased prices/value!









income producing property... while most 
                  people cannot own oceanfront real estate due to limited supply, 
                  those that do own oceanfront property may enjoy the income from 
                  renting their oceanfront real property. does your myrtle beach, 
                  or cocoa beach condo get enough rental to pay for your condo 
                  mortgage? in some limited cases-yes, but rarely at current rental 
                  prices. but, as inflation brings rents up and vacationers crave 
                  the feel of warm sand under their feet, if only for a week or 
                  two, future rents from oceanfront florida condo rental are likely 
                  to raise beyond your monthly condo mortgage payment. now, if 
                  you don't have a monthly payment and have cash to invest, you 
                  need only ask yourself the same question as above...if i invest 
                  my cash in oceanfront will my income and value go up in the 
                  future? is there any risk in buying a brevard florida condo?








 







  
                my service: my specialty is helping you invest in oceanfront properties 
                in brevard county, just 50 minutes from disney. my background 
                is about 40 years in investments (resume) as well and my resume 
                is just a click away on the list at your left. use my 40 years 
                in all kinds of investments, from oil and gas investments to chuck 
                norris movie tax shelters, to help you make some of those investment 
                decisions.









 it don't 
                get much better!











 want a personal 
                search link which will automatically send you all new listings 
                relating to your specific interest? just tell me your search interests 
                and i will set up your personal search criteria alert email system.












 contact 
                consultant/ agent : nick j anagnos
                e-mail address : anagnosnick@gmail.com
                wright choice realty inc.
                nick's cell # 321-626-3513
                fax 866-681-8083

contact 
                  nick 


nick anagnos is a buyer agent specializing in oceanfront 
                  property sales and especially sale's of oceanfront investment 
                  property. ... nick anagnos/real estate investment specialist.


 





 










 

















 




   
			copyright 2006-2008 multiple listing service of south brevard, inc. and 
			space coast association of realtors, inc. all rights reserved the 
			data relating to real estate for sale on this web site comes in part 
			from the broker reciprocitytm program of brevard county, florida. 
			real estate listings held by brokerage firms other than realty 
			international group are marked with the broker reciprocitytm logo or 
			the broker reciprocitytm thumbnail logo (a little black house) and 
			detailed information about them includes the name of the listing 
			brokers. data is updated daily when available. 

  



