































magic - magic from party tricks to professional props











































 closegycklaren.com uses cookies. by continuing on the page, you agree to the use of cookies. read moreturn on cookies in your browser to get the full functionality of the page.turn on javascript in your browser to get the full functionality of the page.





speedy delivery
secure payment options
great support




                                    deliver to:
pakistan (usd) change countrychange countrychoose a country in the list to show prices and articles available for that country

afghanistangibraltaroman

åland islandsgreecepakistan

albaniagreenlandpalau

algeriagrenadapalestinian territory, occupied

american samoaguadeloupepanama

andorraguampapua new guinea

angolaguatemalaparaguay

anguillaguernseyperu

antarcticaguineaphilippines

antigua and barbudaguinea-bissaupitcairn

argentinaguyanapoland

armeniahaitiportugal

arubaheard island and mcdonald islandspuerto rico

australiaholy see (vatican city state)qatar

austriahondurasréunion

azerbaijanhong kongromania

bahamashungaryrussian federation

bahrainicelandrwanda

bangladeshindiasaint barthélemy

barbadosindonesiasaint helena

belarusiran, islamic republic ofsaint kitts and nevis

belgiumiraqsaint lucia

belizeirelandsaint martin

beninisle of mansaint pierre and miquelon

bermudaisraelsaint vincent and the grenadines

bhutanitalysamoa

boliviajamaicasan marino

bosnia and herzegovinajapansao tome and principe

botswanajerseysaudi arabia

bouvet islandjordansenegal

brazilkazakhstanserbia

british indian ocean territorykenyaseychelles

brunei darussalamkiribatisierra leone

bulgariakorea, democratic people's republic ofsingapore

burkina fasokorea, republic ofslovakia

burundikuwaitslovenia

cambodiakyrgyzstansolomon islands

cameroonlao people's democratic republicsomalia

canadalatviasouth africa

cape verdelebanonsouth georgia and the south sandwich islands

cayman islandslesothospain

central african republicliberiasri lanka

chadlibyan arab jamahiriyasudan

chileliechtensteinsuriname

chinalithuaniasvalbard and jan mayen

christmas islandluxembourgswaziland

cocos (keeling) islandsmacaosweden

colombiamacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofswitzerland

comorosmadagascarsyrian arab republic

congomalawitaiwan, province of china

congo, the democratic republic of themalaysiatajikistan

cook islandsmaldivestanzania, united republic of

costa ricamalithailand

côte d'ivoiremaltatimor-leste

croatiamarshall islandstogo

cubamartiniquetokelau

cyprusmauritaniatonga

czech republicmauritiustrinidad and tobago

denmarkmayottetunisia

djiboutimexicoturkey

dominicamicronesia, federated states ofturkmenistan

dominican republicmoldova, republic ofturks and caicos islands

ecuadormonacotuvalu

egyptmongoliauganda

el salvadormontenegroukraine

equatorial guineamontserratunited arab emirates

eritreamoroccounited kingdom

estoniamozambiqueunited states

ethiopiamyanmarunited states minor outlying islands

falkland islands (malvinas)namibiauruguay

faroe islandsnauruuzbekistan

fijinepalvanuatu

finlandnetherlandsvenezuela, bolivarian republic of

francenew caledoniaviet nam

french guiananew zealandvirgin islands, british

french polynesianicaraguavirgin islands, u.s.

french southern territoriesnigerwallis and futuna

gabonnigeriawestern sahara

gambianiueyemen

georgianorfolk islandzambia

germanynorthern mariana islandszimbabwe

ghananorway



                            |
                            

                                    language:















sök










						
                                                $0
                                            
					


                                                        0
                                                    









your cart is empty




                                                            0 articles
                                                        

                                                            total:
                                                            $0
                                                        


to checkout










magicproducts a-zsaleplaying cardsmagicbooks & videosaccessorieseverything else






playing cards
everything in sale


angloanglo giantanglo poker ed09anglo rug deckanglo, other

bee club

bicyclebicycle, poker & bridgebicycle, special designbicycle magic trick decks

cardistry

cartamundicopagother poker decks

fournierfournier, poker & bridgefournier, plastic cardsfournier magic trick decks

other

phoenixphoenix, pokerphoenix magic trick decks

plastic cards

printed by uspcc

tally-ho

tarot

theory11
everything in playing cards


kids magictricks & propsmagic wandsbooksinstructional videos

close up magicclassicscard magiccoins, banknotes & credit cardsparty & pubparlour magicbooksinstructional videos

exclusives

el duco collectioncard magicclose up magicfire magicmental magicstage & parlour magic

fire departmentcigarette tricksfireflash

give aways

comedy potentialgagstricksinstructional videos

classicscups & ballscandles & caneslinking ringsmultiplying ballsinstructional videos

mental magicesptoolsmental effectsbooksinstructional videos

beginner trickseasy to learn ...... also for kids!booksinstructional videos

stage magicgeneral magicstage illusionsmanipulationbooksinstructional videos

casualtiesguillotinesknives & swordsneedles & nailsbooksinstructional videos

magic with ...... bottles & glasses... change bags... doves... eggs... finger rings... flowers... levitations... pens & pencils... productions... reels... rope... silks... sponge balls... wallets
everything in magic


booksbeginnerscard magicclose up magiccoin magicfamous magicianskids magicmanipulationmental magicother booksshowmanshipstage magic

instructional dvdsballoonsbeginnerscard magicclose up magicfamous magicianskids magicmanipulationother videosstage & parlour magic
everything in books & videos


backdrops

balloons

flash products

invisible thread

magic cards

other

paper products

playing cards

rope

silks

sponge balls

tables & receptacles

thumb tips
everything in accessories


balloons

escapology

pickpocketing

ventriloquism
everything in everything else












magic? - of course!
... and welcome to our web shop! you do not need to log in to shop, but it saves you the job of entering your personal details every time you make an  order.  gycklaren magic marketing ab is one of the largest magic dealers in europe, founded in 1981 and with a webbshop running since 1996.   we hope that you will find what you need and also some exciting items you didn't even know existed. we ship worldwide for a low flat rate, usuallly within 24 hours.  enjoy your visit!  gay ljungberg



new items!



new




vanishing wine bottle


							
				    the magician shows the audience a bottle and pours out some liquid from it into a glass. he then carefully places the bottle into a paper bag and announces that he will make it vanish.
			    
						
$79
buy





new




glue stick, repositi...


							
				    made with a special formula that can be repositioned for up to five minutes before a permanent bond forms, elmer's re-stick glue sticks will help you create gimmicks without having to worry about...
			    
						
$6
buy





new




unliftable - light h...


							
				    unliftable is an incredible light heavy deck, very easy to use, you just place in a very smooth surface, and no one will be able to lift it, only you.it is almost completely reviewable by...
			    
						
$70
buy





new




sponge balls pro 50...


							
				    2 inch pro sponge ball (red) pack of 4 from magic by gosh.
			    
						
$10
buy






new




sponge balls pro 35...


							
				    1.5 inch pro sponge ball (red) pack of 4 from magic by gosh.
			    
						
$10
buy









multipl balls soft 5...


							
				    soft plastic balls with shiny surface. you get a very good grip, because the balls are soft. if you drop a ball, it does not bounce away. set of four white balls + one red + shell.
			    
						
$110
buy









itr kevlar thread boss


							
				    you can do the amazing floating ring routine.you can do the amazing haunted pack card routine.you can float a dollar bill and walk away, showing your hands completely empty.
			    
						
$60
buy









mouth squeeker (2)


							
				    create a sound like from a mosquito or a "farting" balloon. 2 pcs.
			    
						
$5
buy










hofsinzer card


							
				    here is a diabolical gaff card that will allow you to add a new lair of mystery to your card magic. the hofsinzer cards are deceptive, visual, and really brilliant!
			    
						
$10
buy









dove wand


							
				    the magician touches the collar of his jacket with his magic wand, and instantly a small bouquet of flowers appears. he then waves the wand in the air, a shower of confetti appears, and a dove...
			    
						
$35
buy









egg smash prediction


							
				    show an egg, four stands, a hammer and four coffee cups. ask a spectator to place the egg on any of the stands and turm over the cups to cover all the egg stands, and mix them all up, so that you...
			    
						
$99









linking rings (4) 10...


							
				    the chinese rings for close-up magic. four rings are chained and freed right in front of the spectators' eyes.• well-crafted chrome with a competitive price.• their diameter is cm 10 (3,9") and...
			    
						
$11
buy










3695


							
				    our best rope. 100% cotton, bleached so it is sparkling white. easy to cut with sharp scissor. 15 metres.
			    
						
$28
buy









poker transformation


							
				    the magician holds three cards fanned in his hand, and three are on the table. he picks up the first card from the table, and adds it to his fan showing how all the cards have a blank face.
			    
						
$5
buy









balloon 260b balloon...


							
				    balloon 260b balloonia assortment. bag of 100. 100 assorted balloons 260 in the foloowing colurs: black, forest green, lemon, light pink, navy blue, orange, red, sky blue, white
			    
						
$17
buy









appearing wand


							
				    the performer instantly and magically makes a magic wand 50cm long, appear from nowhere! the wand can be produced from anywhere you wish: from your hands, from a small bag, from your wallet, from...
			    
						
$10
buy










ghost light (2) supe...


							
				    with this gimmick you will enchant the audience. your fingers will magically play with luminous spheres that will dance around you, appearing and disappearing everywhere!
			    
						
$39









3631



$19
buy









thumb tip soft l (ja...



$6
buy









harry potter deck -...


							
				    your favorite characters brought to lifepremium playing cards by theory11 featuring all of your favorite characters in four spellbinding color editions, representing the four houses of hogwarts:...
			    
						
$18
buy










harry potter deck -...


							
				    your favorite characters brought to lifepremium playing cards by theory11 featuring all of your favorite characters in four spellbinding color editions, representing the four houses of hogwarts:...
			    
						
$18
buy









harry potter deck -...


							
				    your favorite characters brought to lifepremium playing cards by theory11 featuring all of your favorite characters in four spellbinding color editions, representing the four houses of hogwarts:...
			    
						
$18
buy









harry potter deck -...


							
				    your favorite characters brought to lifepremium playing cards by theory11 featuring all of your favorite characters in four spellbinding color editions, representing the four houses of hogwarts:...
			    
						
$18
buy









6 card repeat, bicycle


							
				    the magician clearly shows six cards and takes away three… but when he counts the cards again, there are still six. he takes another three cards away, but recounting them there are always six!
			    
						
$12
buy








suggested products:








bicycle poker cyclis...


							
				    when the bicycle® brand launched in 1885, bicycling was new-found fun. over 130 years later, cycling is still one of the most revered sports around the world. with a nod to the classic rider back...
			    
						
$8
buy









card index


							
				    well made plastic card index which holds an entire deck (26 cards in each pocket). superior quality with features that keeps the index slim and easy to use. you only have to place your finger on the...
			    
						
$24
buy









bicycle poker cyclis...


							
				    when the bicycle® brand launched in 1885, bicycling was new-found fun. over 130 years later, cycling is still one of the most revered sports around the world. with a nod to the classic rider back...
			    
						
$8
buy









3416


							
				    a classic tarot deck, the great tarot esoteric features brightly colored illustrations reminiscent of old wood block prints. published by fournier. the boxed deck includes 78 full color cards and an...
			    
						
$17
buy













best sellersflash paper, standard$19ann stokes age of dragons$9sharpie$4flash paper, thin 250x200 mm$19bicycle poker - supreme line red$8bicycle annstokes steampunk$8bicycle alchemy ii$10mouth coils, white$14bicycle poker fako power deck$25silk 20 cm, red$4more articles »



























homemy accountproducts a-zsupportterms and conditionsprivacy policymagic centerdealers areaaboutcontact



                            support

ask for help!
technical tips, presentation ideas and help to understand the instructions. personal answers via email.

read more ...


                            speedy delivery

we ship within 48 hours!
we ship via postnord, one of the largest logistic operators in scandinavia. 
read more...




                            magic magic center ©

welcome to visit us!
550 square metres of warehouse, a ”brick-and-mortar” magic shop, lecture facilities and a magic café. open by appointment only. 
read more ...





                            contact

phone: +46 35-13 07 85
email: magic@gycklaren.com


                            gycklaren magic marketing ab
slottsmöllevägen 3
302 31 halmstad, sweden
                        




desktop view | change to mobile view












