       
	washington state dental association | the voice of dentistry in wa
                                   




welcome, 

logout


contact us
find a dentist
login












 
adasso


salesforce [a-f]


salesforce [g-l]


salesforce [m]


salesforce [n-r]


salesforce [s-z]


salesforce [m2]


salesforce [a-f2]

      

















         




about us







mission & strategic priorities




leadership







committees






local dental societies








component leader resources








peer review training





component speaker list








wsda foundation




staff




contact






member center








covid-19




join/renew




become a member




renew your membership




membership benefits







continuing education 




endorsed companies




practice resources




peer review




wsda retro





dental assistant training videos






advocacy







dentpac donations





dental action day




regulations






wds/delta




get involved







mentor program




leadership institute




house of delega​tes




recruit a member




take 5 program






events




my wsda/ada




membership directory





governance







house of delegates




elected positions






citizen of the year




disability support program




washington physicians health program




dental medicaid




opioids







opioid prescribing rules






new dentists




for dental students







wsda student lunch & learns








continuing education







pacific northwest dental conference




local dental society ce







free virtual ce






ada ce





ce faqs




ce tracker




hiv/aids course






news







blog





wsda news magazine








wsda news archives




editorial advisory board application






classifieds







submit a classified




recent grad classified




equipment for sale




office construction




office for sale or lease




opportunities available




opportunities wanted




services






advertising opportunities







wsda news advertising








public resources







find a dentist




reduced cost dentistry




dental profession




patient faqs




doctor-patient mediation




oral health education




ethics






  
            skip to main content
         








complybetter: dental compliance solution from wsda

                        available now! easily stay compliant with hipaa, osha/wisha, infection control requirements and more with complybetter — the new online, on-demand dental compliance tool from wsda.

                            
learn more













washington state dental associationthe washington state dental association (wsda) is the voice of dentistry in washington. with over 4,000 member dentists, wsda is dedicated to empowering members to advocate for and provide the highest quality oral health care. 






latest news




feb 18, 2025


                                    rsvp for the wsda mentor/mentee luncheon at pndc 2025
                                


                            meet up for food, drinks and networking during pndc 2025 at the mentor/mentee luncheon on friday, may 9. rsvp today!
                        


feb 18, 2025


                                    nominate a dentist for wsda citizen of the year
                                


                            do you know a member dentist doing incredible charitable work in their community? nominate them for wsda citizen of the year!
                        


feb 17, 2025


                                    "how is complybetter different than what i already use for dental compliance?"
                                


                            one of the questions we've received since launching complybetter is, "how is complybetter different than what i already use for dental compliance in my office?" we want to share a few answers to this question, and invite any interested dental office to contact us to learn more.
                        


feb 12, 2025


                                    ada new dentist news: how to juggle being a boss & parent
                                


                            balancing work with parenthood can be a challenge at any career stage, but especially when both the career and children are young, as is the case for new dentists starting families.
                        


feb 11, 2025


                                    pndc night at the seattle mariners!
                                


                            the seattle mariners are set to face off against the toronto blue jays on friday, may 9, and pndc attendees have exclusive access to discounted tickets in a specially reserved seating area.
                        


feb 05, 2025


                                    wsda members get a bonus with d-mmex easyrefine
                                


                            gold hit a world record high in october, and it may not stop! refine your precious scrap metals now with wsda endorsed d-mmex easyrefine.
                        


feb 03, 2025


                                    reminder: tell us about your local dental society
                                


                            wsda is gathering ideas and member feedback for a future wsda news story on local dental societies. help us by sharing your thoughts in a quick survey!
                        


feb 03, 2025


                                    reminder: volunteer at the seattle/king county clinic
                                


                            volunteer registration is open for the 2025 seattle/king county clinic, held april 24-27 at seattle center.
                        


feb 03, 2025


                                    pediatric sedation endorsement application deadline extended to february 28
                                


                            washington state dentists administering moderate sedation with enteral or parenteral agents to children are now required to obtain a pediatric sedation endorsement. the application is now available from the department of health and has an extended deadline of february 28, 2025.
                        


jan 31, 2025


                                    apply to serve as a washington dental commission member by may 2
                                


                            the department of health is accepting applications to fill one dentist member vacancy on the washington dental commission. apply by may 2.
                        


jan 31, 2025


                                    earn required ce at pndc 2025
                                


                            licensed washington dentists must earn 63 hours of continuing education every three years, plus complete a variety of additional ce requirements. 2025 is a ce reporting year for many dentists. earn 20+ ce credits may 8-10 at pndc 2025 — including many that count toward additional requirements for dentists. register by the march 21 early bird deadline to save up to $100 per person!
                        


jan 27, 2025


                                    deadlines to sign in pro on dental benefits reform legislation
                                


                            if you haven’t already, please take just 5 minutes to sign in pro on sb 5351/hb 1535 and share with others interested in advocating in support of these important reforms.
                        


jan 24, 2025


                                    ada: medicare claims for dental services to require administrative modifier codes
                                


                            dentists who are enrolled in medicare to provide part b covered services will need to add the appropriate administrative modifier code next to each procedure code on the ada dental claim form beginning july 1.
                        


jan 24, 2025


                                    ada: visa and mastercard antitrust settlement: what small businesses need to know
                                


                            merchants who accepted visa and mastercard payments in the united states between january 1, 2004, and january 25, 2019, may be entitled to compensation from a class action settlement related to alleged violations of antitrust laws.
                        


jan 24, 2025


                                    everett herald editorial board: give dental patients’ coverage some teeth
                                


                            "senate bill 5351 and house bill 1535 seek to bring to dental patients a standard of financial transparency and assurance similar to the federal affordable care act, in effect, mandating that a certain percentage of what someone pays for their insurance is available for their dental care."
                        


jan 22, 2025


                                    fix dental benefits campaignlive on seattle times
                                


                            we are excited to announce the launch of a robust communications campaign in support of wsda’s 2025 dental benefits reform legislation. this legislation is some of the most important we have ever proposed for the future of our members and their patients.
                        


jan 20, 2025


                                    lack of detail in chart entry hinders dentist’s malpractice defense
                                


                            in dentistry, documentation is an essential element of practice, not only for accurate treatment but also for risk management. in this case study, the lack of detail in a dentist’s chart entry denoting a patient’s treatment impacts the outcome of a malpractice case brought against her.
                        


jan 17, 2025


                                    important dental benefits legislation - sb 5351
                                


                            sb 5351, wsda’s bill to reform the broken dental benefits system in washington, was introduced on thursday, january 16. this bill has strong bipartisan support from across the political spectrum, including sponsorship from the majority of members of the senate health care committee.
                        






1


2


3


4


5


6


7




last





»















                                renew your membership
                            







                                become a member
                            











                                classifieds
                            








                                regulatory faqs
                            







                                wdia
                            







                                reduced cost dentistry
                            
















       

stay connected













 

   general information become a member renew your membership american dental association   sections about us member center continuing education news public   resources accessibility     
                copyright © 2025
                washington state dental association. reproduction or republication strictly prohibited without prior written permission.
               privacy policy   terms of use   contact us            "state":"wa"    
