




theartoflivingla










































skip to the content







 
 




 


about us
gurudev
courses
calendar
rentals





x
 














 








a spiritual oasis in the heart of los angeles 







 the art of living dome is an urban oasis in the heart of los angeles. it is the landmark spiritual center in southern california, bringing people together for personal development through its transformational programs, breathwork and meditation, service to society, and intentional community. as one of the worlds most prominent art of living centers, it hosts events dedicated to spirituality, ancient wisdom, and strengthening life skills. through its signature wellbeing programs, the art of living center is a modern-day sanctuary for recharging the mind and uplifting the human spirit. 







experience the transformation 







art of living courses 







 





art of living part 1 






learn more







discover sky breath meditation, an evidence-based technique that quickly reduces stress, balances emotions, and restores calm. 







sahaj samadhimeditation 





art of living part 2 





intuition process 







come together to learn, celebrate,
 and grow. 







events calendar 







 






go to calendar











 





community 






learn more







an uplifting community that comes together in wisdom, service, and celebration. 







 




















relive the celebration 



 

 

 






world culture festive - washington dc 









 over 1 million people at 



world culture festival 











contact us











donate to the los angeles center 






donate







give back with a donation to help grow its impact in your city.donations are fully tax-deductible. 













 








 







subscribe to get exclusive updates 






subscribe now











follow us 



 






 











built by talin labs 



©2023. artoflivingla  all rights reserved. 





































