




scorps news


























home
about
contact us





scorps news
your source for news about the scorpions since 1996.

rss feed
    happy birthday klaus  may 25th, 2022 by gil write comment  
happy birthday to our beloved vocalist, klaus meine, from all of us here at scorps news!

https://twitter.com/scorpions/status/1529509639695515648

    uncategorized comments off on happy birthday klaus    scorpions rock believer us tour  may 13th, 2022 by gil write comment  
scorpions have announced the north american leg of the rock believer world tour with whitesnake. tickets go on sale today!

scorpions will return to north american on the rock believer world tour with special guests @whitesnake on their farewell tour.  tickets go on sale friday, scorpions rock zone fan club members will have exclusive, first access to tickets tomorrow at https://t.co/cwojlh5yrd pic.twitter.com/42pnwno9sp— scorpions (@scorpions) may 9, 2022


some good news for some of you waiting for north american @whitesnake dates for the farewell tour.  we’re excited to join our friends the @scorpions on the following with @thundermother supporting! #whitesnake #thefarewelltour pic.twitter.com/w1isma4dh4— joel hoekstra (@joelhoekstra13) may 9, 2022

    concert information comments off on scorpions rock believer us tour    last night’s las vegas concert  march 31st, 2022 by gil write comment  
video from last night’s las vegas concert from eddie trunk’s instagram page.
get included in the rock believer fan video. check out their twitter post for information.

scream with us! upload your video rocking to our album and become part of our official rock believer fan video. one entry will win our first signed rock believer vinyl.submit now: https://t.co/tzg8el7mon pic.twitter.com/ui9gdoumfs— scorpions (@scorpions) march 30, 2022

scorpions will play madison square garden in new york city on may 6th as part of a bangladesh tribute concert. check out their twitter for more info. tickets will go on sale to the public april 4th with several pre-ales currently going on.

scorpions are set to perform a historic concert to celebrate bangladesh’s 50 years of independence @thegarden in new york city on may 6. the golden jubilee bangladesh concert will feature as special guests one of bangladesh’s most prominent artists, chirkutt. pic.twitter.com/fvmake5m9r— scorpions (@scorpions) march 30, 2022

scorpions will play tsirio stadium in limassol, cyprus on july 12th.

rock believers in cyprus. see you 12 july at tsirio stadium in limassol. tickets on sale at https://t.co/ty5fvbrrrb pic.twitter.com/ogc1s1pnxy— scorpions (@scorpions) march 30, 2022

    concert information comments off on last night’s las vegas concert    saturday las vegas show  march 29th, 2022 by gil write comment  
the scorpions performed in las vegas over the weekend. see below for some video clips. they also changed the lyrics of wind of change in support of ukraine.

https://twitter.com/mitchlafon/status/1508152326619598853


https://twitter.com/scorpions/status/1508613114677370884


https://twitter.com/commishmthomas/status/1507958449400733696

    concert information . uncategorized . videos comments off on saturday las vegas show    contact us page  march 10th, 2022 by gil write comment  
i recently realized that the contact us page was not working. it should be working again. please comment on this post if you are trying to contact us, and it is not working. thanks!
    blog comments off on contact us page    scorpions enter the american top album charts at #4  march 8th, 2022 by scott write comment  

(from loudwire)
rock is very much alive and well on billboard’s top albums sales chart this week, with strong returns from avril lavigne and scorpions leading the way.
the top heavy album debut comes from legendary hard rock vets scorpions, who hit no. 4 this week with rock believer. it sold over 12,000 copies and is now their highest charting album on the top albums sales chart.

    articles comments off on scorpions enter the american top album charts at #4    scorpions rock believer was released february 25  march 8th, 2022 by scott write comment    


    articles comments off on scorpions rock believer was released february 25    klaus meine from scorpions talks new album and las vegas residency | interview 2022  february 21st, 2022 by scott write comment   
    interviews comments off on klaus meine from scorpions talks new album and las vegas residency | interview 2022    scorpions release their 3rd single “seventh sun” off their new album rock believer  february 11th, 2022 by scott write comment   
scorpions have shared their new single, “seventh sun”. the song is taken from the band’s 19th studio album, “rock believer”, which will be released on february 25.
from the very first note of “seventh sun”, guitarist rudolf schenker and his flying v manage to spectacularly draw us into this powerful song in an almost mystical way, much in the tradition of scorpions classics such as “animal magnetism” and “china white”.
    articles . videos comments off on scorpions release their 3rd single “seventh sun” off their new album rock believer    scorpions “rock believer” official video  january 18th, 2022 by scott write comment   
scorpions have shared the official music video for their new single, “rock believer”. the single’s cover art was designed by klaus voormann and can be found below.
“rock believer” is the title track of scorpions‘ 19th studio album, which will be released on february 25.
two months ago, scorpions released the official music video for “rock believer” first single, “peacemaker”. the track features music courtesy of guitarist rudolf schenker and bassist pawel maciwoda and lyrics by singer klaus meine.
asked in a recent interview with chile’s radio futuro what fans can expect to hear on “rock believer”, meine said: “well, you can expect an album that is dedicated to all the rock believers in the world. and we’re very excited after all these years. we thought, when you think about all the touring we did the last 10 years, after the release of ‘return to forever’in 2015, the time was right to go back into the studio, to write new material, to write new songs and check out if the creativity is still working. the big aim was, the goal was to make a rock album — to make an album with lots of attitude, power and focus on the good old times and really enjoy the music and have some fun with the music. and that feels really good.”
speaking about the “rock believer” album title, scorpions guitarist rudolf schenker said: “look, we are around the world since 50 years or more. and when somebody can say he’s a rock believer, then this is us. and of course, we meet our rock believers in front of us, our audience.
“so many people said rock is dead. it’s not dead,” he continued. “it’s always coming back — sometimes, okay, more stronger [or] less strong — but in the end, it’s great to play around the world in over 80 countries we’ve played so far, and all rock believers. it was always great to share the music with them together and be in connection with them. i mean, that’s so amazing and so fantastic, that we are very happy to come out with a new album. and yeah, let’s see what’s happening.”
added meine: “over the years, we’ve heard people say lots of times that rock is dead. but there are still millions of rock believers out there all over the world that prove them wrong. our fans are the best in the world. we’ll see you someday somewhere out there, because we’re rock believers, just like you.”
asked if “peacemaker” is representative of “rock believer” as a whole, klaus said: “it is an uptempo rock song, and this album really rocks. there are some heavy songs on the album, like when you think about ‘china white’ and ‘animal magnetism’, there’s a track on the record that is really in the best way of those songs. there are many uptempo songs and, believe it or not, there are even faster songs than ‘peacemaker’. [laughs] there’s also a very beautiful ballad on the album, and i’m sure there are fans out there especially love the scorpions ballads, and they will enjoy this record as well very much. ‘peacemaker’ is the appetizer for what the album is all about. it rocks.”
“rock believer” was recorded primarily at peppermint park studios in hannover, germany and was mixed at the legendary hansa studios in berlin, germany with engineer michael ilbert, who has earned multiple grammy nominations for his mix work with producer max martin on albums by taylor swift and katy perry.
“the album was written and recorded in the scorpions dna with core schenker/meine compositions,” said klaus. “we recorded the album as a band live in one room, like we did in the ’80s.”
scorpions‘ new album will mark their first release since 2017’s “born to touch your feelings – best of rock ballads”, which was an anthology of new and classic material.
scorpions originally intended to record the new album in los angeles with producer greg fidelman, whose previous credits include slipknot and metallica. however, because of the pandemic, some of the initial work was done with greg remotely, after which scorpions opted to helm the recordings themselves with the help of their engineer hans-martin buff.
meine previously told talking metal that the goal with using fidelman to produce “rock believer” was to bring “the old vibe from albums like ‘blackout’, ‘love at first sting’ or even ‘lovedrive’. we try to focus on those albums and this attitude,” he said. “if we get there, who knows — it’s so many years later. but it’s the spirit and it’s the whole vibe around this album. this time, the focus is on the harder songs.”

 
 
    videos comments off on scorpions “rock believer” official video  

1
2
3
…
81
next »


return top  













content

official scorps website
scorps news links
scorps news tour dates



recent posts


happy birthday klaus


scorpions rock believer us tour


last night’s las vegas concert


saturday las vegas show


contact us page









      copyright ©  2007-2022      scorps news
theme designed by mono-lab
powered by wordpress


  





