dr. oetkermenuthe companyabout usour responsibilitysupplierspress & magazinecareersbackwe are dr. oetker. makers and shapers. since 1891. playwatch videodr. oetker storiestake a look behind the scenesmoresustainability at dr. oetkertopics we focus onmorework with usmeet your future colleagueslearn morecreating a taste of home – for millions of people around the world.we are proud of our roots yet continue to break new ground. in doing so, we are creating a "taste of home": for millions of consumers worldwide who buy and enjoy our products. for thousands of employees who develop, manufacture and market them at our international sites. and for the environment and society that we influence through our actions.what we stand forwe embrace an innovative spiritwe take responsibilitywe are team playerswe are always looking ahead and striving to become an all-round service provider. in the process, new platforms, innovative business models and start-ups are set-up. our aim is to provide more moments of joy. at the same time, we continue to be synonymous with pizzas, cakes, and desserts.dr. oetker storiesin our online magazine, we provide interesting insights  previous next123456789to the magazineto the magazinewe are adapting to the future.founded in bielefeld, germany, we are today located around the world. what connects us all? our purpose. with it as our north star, we shape our future. who we arewho we arewe are adapting to the future.founded in bielefeld, germany, we are today located around the world. what connects us all? our purpose. with it as our north star, we shape our future. who we arewho we arepizza, cake, and dessert are our core business areas. however, we are continuing to develop our existing product range and are increasingly focusing on digital platforms and services. our business areasour business areaspizza, cake, and dessert are our core business areas. however, we are continuing to develop our existing product range and are increasingly focusing on digital platforms and services. our business areasour business areaswe are thinking and acting ahead.sustainability is at the heart of our purpose. we want to make a positive contribution. therefore, we think in terms of generations, not quarters.driving sustainabilitydriving sustainabilitywe are thinking and acting ahead.sustainability is at the heart of our purpose. we want to make a positive contribution. therefore, we think in terms of generations, not quarters.driving sustainabilitydriving sustainabilitywe are committed to responsible purchasing. our suppliers are committed to complying with the highest ethical standards and our specifications and guidelines.working with suppliersworking with supplierswe are committed to responsible purchasing. our suppliers are committed to complying with the highest ethical standards and our specifications and guidelines.working with suppliersworking with supplierswe love what we do. join the taste!our international team is now more than 17,900 employees. no matter where they are in the world. one thing connects us: our passion for innovation.careerscareerswe love what we do. join the taste!our international team is now more than 17,900 employees. no matter where they are in the world. one thing connects us: our passion for innovation.careerscareerspress releasesthe latest news from our brands, products and the company previous next12345678go to the newsroomgo to the newsroomvisit us instagram!also on instagram, we provide background stories about international projects, sustainability and our employees.instagraminstagramvisit us instagram!also on instagram, we provide background stories about international projects, sustainability and our employees.instagraminstagramfind even more insights on linkedin!visit our linkedin page for even more insights.linkedinlinkedinfind even more insights on linkedin!visit our linkedin page for even more insights.linkedinlinkedinread morecareersnewsroomdriving sustainabilityfurther informationlocations & brandsoetker groupdr. oetker professionalfor suppliersworking with supplierslegal terms & conditionssupplier portal & contactlegal noticecompliancedata protection noticeimprintscddachoose your market and languagemarketgermanyglobalitalytunisiaaustralialanguageglobalcontinuedr. oetker © 2024privacy settingslegal noticescroll to top