


	amc home



















            an official website of the united states government 
        here's how you know 
        







 official websites use .mil a .mil website belongs to an official u.s. department of defense organization in the united states.



secure .mil websites use https a lock (lock  ) or  https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .mil website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.








skip to main content (press enter).




toggle navigation









army materiel command


army materiel command







search army materiel command: 


search




search


search army materiel command: 


search












home
		


organization



leadership
        


major subordinate commands
        


separate reporting activity
        


staff sections
        


office of command counsel
        


history



overview
        


former commanders
        


hall of fame
        




amc band
        


operation patriot press
        




media



amc news
        


publications
        


watch
        




resources



employee resources



inspector general
        




speaker requests
        


freedom of information act
        


environmental information
        


army print and media distribution center



publishing products catalog and ordering system
        




army spouse employment resources
        




careers
		


contact us



media inquiries
        


business connections
        


amc protest program
        





































 
amc — the army's materiel integrator
 

the u.s. army materiel command develops and delivers materiel readiness solutions to ensure globally dominant land force capabilities. headquartered at redstone arsenal, alabama, army materiel command is one of four army commands. amc synchronizes and integrates the army's total capabilities in support of the chief of staff of the army’s priorities and combatant command requirements. as the army’s lead materiel integrator, army materiel command manages the global supply chain, synchronizing logistics and sustainment activities across the army.













news






photos







videos






resources






connect














 



 
amc priorities

people
army materiel command's roughly 165,000-strong military, civilian and contractor workforce is the command's greatest resource and the core of the command's support to the warfighter. with people as the army and amc's top priority, the command is responsible for four of the quality of life initiatives set by the chief of staff of the army: housing, child care, spouse employment and pcs moves. 
 

readiness
army materiel command continues to synchronize, integrate and operationalize its capabilities, providing installation and materiel readiness to meet current and future requirements. from managing the army's organic industrial base to increasing supply availability, amc ensures soldiers have the equipment and materiel they need from the installation to the forward tactical edge, strengthening army readiness.
 

modernization
army materiel command logisticians and sustainers are fully embedded within every army modernization effort and initiative, ensuring sustainment is considered early in the development phase, and driving supply chain and sustainment efficiencies in lockstep with planned improvements and upgrades to equipment. amc is the lead for divesting legacy systems, freeing up space for new equipment, and for modernization of army installations and strategic power projection capabilities worldwide.







 
mission
army materiel command delivers precision sustainment and materiel readiness to an expeditionary global force from the joint strategic support area to the tactical point of contact across the spectrum of conflict in support of the joint force.
 
vision
army materiel command is the premier enterprise postured to support a global joint force with predictive and precision sustainment.
























home  |  contact us  |  privacy  |  terms of use  |  army cid - report a tip  |  isalute - suspicious activity report  |  no fear act  |  foia  |  accessibility/section 508





staying connected















hosted by defense media activity - web.mil

















