
curlyhair.com - curly hair tips, styles and routines


<xhomeproducts>haircarebest curly hair shampoobest sulfate-free shampoobest shampoo for the curly girl methodbest curly hair conditionersbest conditioners for fine curlsbest conditioners for dry curlsbest leave-in conditioners for dry curlsbest conditioners for curly girl methodstyling and care8 things every curly girl needsaffordable curl care maskscurl care products for fine curlsmoisturisers for natural curlsnatural products for fine curlsbest oils for curly hairbest products for defined curlsbest products to combat frizzmake your ownedge control gelchemical free hairspraycurl custardconditioning barcurl care creamprotein treatmentleave-in conditionercinnamon scalp detoxcurly girl methodtried & true productssuave productsapproved cowashesapproved productsapproved for wavy curlsapproved for making strands popwidely available productsaffordable productshairstyles>by featuresfor black hairfor 4c curlsfor round facesfor short hairfor shoulder length hairfor natural curlsfor very curly hairfor long hairhair cutshow to cut curly hairbobs with curly hairbangs with curly hairshort cuts with curly hairlayers and curly hairfringe with curly hairundercutting curly hairbenefits of regular trimsby occasioncurly hair styles for promcurly hair styles for a summer weddingcurly hair styles for bridescurly hair styles for workcurly hair styles for humid dayscurly hair styles for sleepingcurly hair styles for winterwear your curls like a parisianways to weara messy buna slicked back ponytailpigtailsan updoa wrapon humid dayshair tips>best practicesgrowing long strong curlscorrectly moisturising curlsunderstanding your curlsavoiding curl breakageregular trimmingsleeping with curly haircurly hair shrinkagedos & dont's for healthy curlsneed to knowcurly hair lingocurl care product not working?curly hacks part 1curly hacks part 2what every curly girl needs to knowcurly hair cheat sheetunsolicited curly hair commentscurly hair mythswhat not to dobad habits harming your curlssabotaging curlsavoiding triangle hairmistakes you're making with your curlsmistakes curly girls makedamaging curls in the showermistakings taking curl of curlsprotecting curls from chlorineproductsdiy curl treatmentscoconut oilroutine>maintenance10 min routine for big curls3 min curly care routinebeginners guide to the curly girl methodmethods for moisturising curlsgrow curls fastercurly kids bedtime routinecurly kids care regimehow to care foryour curlsyour curls in the winterlow density curlslow porosity curlssilver crawlstoddlers curlsyour daughters curlsyour curls at the gymby curl typecurly girl method for 2a curlscaring for 2a curlscaring for 3a curlscaring for 3b curlscaring for 3c curlscaring for 4a curlscaring for 4b curlscaring for 4c curlshacks4 tips for great next day curlshow to avoid split endsminimising breakage in the colddealing with frizzusing a diffuser for great curlsco-washing to improve curlscurls and humidity!sleep your way to great curls



our most recent postshow to get rid of dandruff in curly hairwhile it’s more common in the winter, dry scalps with dandruff can happen at any time of the year. while they are often lumped together, dry scalp and dandruff are two different problems and need to be treated separately.
how can i tell the difference?
dry scalp is caused by a fungal infection on the scalp. it’s created by a yeast-like fungus called malassezia, or pityrosporum. most people have malassezia on their scalps and it rarely causes them problems.the best pomades for curly hairpomade is, and always will be, one of the most versatile hair products in your bathroom. this thick, creamy product is great for adding texture and sealing in moisture, as well as keeping slicked-back hair neat and tidy. unlike gels and sprays, pomades don’t make your curls feel crunchy or dry after application, leaving you with a touchable, manageable finish.
if you style your hair with a comb, finding the right pomade for you is a vital part of your hair styling routine.how to care for type 2a curlstype 2a curls are the most subtle curl type - think of a very loose, s-shaped beachy wave with just a hint of curl which starts near the root and gently cascades down your lengths. this curl type is often fine in texture and needs lightweight products that enhance your natural waves without weighing them down.
here’s our guide on looking after your 2a waves, styling suggestions to make the most of your natural texture and the best products to keep your waves looking defined.how to care for type 4a curly hairtype 4a curls are characterised by small, springy curls that are tightly coiled and have a distinct ‘s’ shape. they’re usually well-defined, tightly packed and versatile - but they can be prone to dryness and shrinkage .
here’s how to make the most of your 4a curls, and ensure they stay looking their best all year round.
type 4a hair care keep your hair hydrated: use a moisturising shampoo and conditioner specifically-formulated for curly hair, and start using deep conditioning treatments at least once a week to hydrate and provide curl definition use gentle cleansers: choose sulphate-free, hydrating cleansers to avoid stripping natural oils from your hair.how to care for type 4b curlstype 4b curls tend to look like tight coils, often with a zigzag pattern. they’re densely packed, with sharp angles, and prone to shrinkage and dryness, so it’s vital you keep your curls hydrated to prevent breakage and maintain their shape. protective styling, deep conditioning and gentle detangling techniques will help you keep your curls in check.
here’s how to make the most of your 4b hair, and make sure you’re using the right techniques to protect your scalp and curls.what is a curl pattern & what is yours?if you’ve always wondered what your natural curl type is, we’ve got the definitive guide to discovering your true curl type.
hair pattern types let’s start with curl patterns. your curl pattern is the overall shape and size of your curls, from big, loopy ringlets to tight and coily, and they’re separated into three groups:
type 2: wavy type 3: curly type 4: coily and/or kinky within these three types, there are three subgroups - a, b and c - based on the texture and thickness of your strands, so there are nine curly hair pattern types in total.hair products by curl patterndifferent curl types need different shampoos, conditioners and styling products to keep them defined, avoid frizz and let your curls look their shiny, bouncy best. here’s our guide to the best hair care ranges for all types of curly hair.
shampoos and conditioners for type 2 curls shea moisture coconut & hibiscus curl & shine shampoo and conditioner set
why we like it
this sulphate-free duo is designed to gently cleanse and moisturise wavy hair, enhancing its natural shine and reducing frizz.the blender deep conditioner for curlshttps://dullhairtreatment.com/store/hair-brush/ do you find yourself spending a lot of time thinking about and researching the products you purchase for your curls? if so, you’re not alone! there’s a lot to consider when it comes to taking care of your curls, especially products. there are a lot of products out there on the market, and some are better than others. for the curly girl who wants to be in control of what goes into her hair, sometimes making your own product is the way to go.the amazing curl care gel you can make yourselfhttps://wheretoget.it/look/1286544 do you ever get frustrated by the cost of hair products? not to mention, it can be tricky finding a product without loads of chemicals. instead of getting mad, or purchasing a less than ideal product, consider making your own! this gel is hydrating, will help maintain frizz free curls, and is super easy to make! here’s the recipe for the amazing curl care gel you can make yourself.why collagen will strengthen your curlsdo you feel as though your’re always dealing with dry, brittle strands? do you feel alarmed by the amount of broken curls on your bathroom floor? if so, you’re not alone! many curly girls with all types of curls struggle with damage to their strands, and which for stronger hair. while protein is very important to the health of your curls, not everyone realizes this also includes collagen. here’s why collagen will strengthen your curls.popular posts1how to get rid of dandruff in curly hair2what happens when you diffuse your curls with a strainer3curly girls guide to hair extensions4curl talk: which curly hair-cutting method is right for you?5curly girl method approved cowashescurly hair postscurly hair
(397)extensions
(4)hair products
(560)hair tips
(332)hairstyles
(130)how to style
(46)routine
(341)trending
(42)disclaimerplease notecontent on this site is intended for informational purposes only and does not constitute professional, medical or healthcare advice or diagnosis, and may not be used as such.disclosurecurlyhair.com is a participant in the amazon services llc associates program. as an amazon associate, we earn from qualifying purchases.categoriesproductshairstyleshair tipsroutineget in contactall right reserved.© copyright 2024