















west norriton township, pa - official website | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in












 












search







 
 
 


    government      departments      community      doing business      how do i...?  


 

 

 

 

 



 














citizen action center
 






  
 













permits / forms








agendas & minutes








online payments








parks & rec








report a concern








township code










 
 



  
 
















welcome to west norriton township, pa
water flows by the shore







welcome to west norriton township, pa
sunlight pours over the greenery







welcome to west norriton township, pa
colorful foliage lines the trail




















						1
						port




						2
						sunset




						3
						trail








  
 
 

























 














township projectslearn about the latest








golf clublearn more about the jeffersonville golf club








community eventsview the community calendar








public safetyprotecting & serving the community










 
 
 



 














community spotlights
 






  
 
 















southeastern psychiatric treatment center 		



the applicant is seeking to construct a 458,000 sq.ft facility with 270 beds that will include 670 employees. this is phase i of a two phase construction project.			additional info...







vacancy: west norriton township commissioner 		



west norriton township is seeking a dedicated and community-minded individual to fill a vacancy on the board of commissioners.						read on...







statement of support for protected community members from the wn human relations commission 		



the wn human relations commission is deeply concerned about the recent executive orders to revoke diversity, equity and inclusion programs within the federal government and to affirm there are only two recognized genders documented at birth.						read on...







public gis hub 		



west norriton has partnered with center for watershed protection to provide public access to some of the township's gis information.			public gis hub







police blotter 		



disclaimer: this police blotter is not a complete list of all calls for service or actions taken by the west norriton township police department. all suspects are presumed innocent until proven guilty in a court of law.			police blotter







view all spotlights




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 





 














news & events
 






  
 
 











southeastern psychiatric treatment center 		


the applicant is seeking to construct a 458,000 sq.ft facility with 270 beds that will include 670 employees. this is phase i of a two phase construction project.		additional info...




vacancy: west norriton township commissioner 		


west norriton township is seeking a dedicated and community-minded individual to fill a vacancy on the board of commissioners.				read on...




statement of support for protected community members from the wn human relations commission 		


the wn human relations commission is deeply concerned about the recent executive orders to revoke diversity, equity and inclusion programs within the federal government and to affirm there are only two recognized genders documented at birth.				read on...





view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 



  
 











feb
19	


arts & cultural committee meeting

arts & cultural committee meetingread on...






feb
24	


planning commission meeting

planning commission meetingread on...






feb
27	


human relations commission meeting

human relations commission meetingread on...




view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 








 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







1630 w marshall streetwest norriton, pa 19403phone: 610-631-0450fax: 610-630-0304hours: monday - friday8:30 a.m.  - 4:30 p.m.
 






  
 



  
 







social media







facebook








x










 
 



  
 







quick links







pennsylvania freedom of information coalition



pennsylvania right to know law



records request form



citizen’s guide









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







site links







home



site map



contact us



accessibility



copyright notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 












government websites by civicplus®



 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close



















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









