community | babycentercommunitybirth clubsgroupssee all in communitygetting pregnantovulationovulation calculatorfertilityhow to get pregnanthow to get pregnant fastovulation dischargeimplantation bleedingovulation symptomspregnancy symptomsam i pregnant?pregnancy testssee all in getting pregnantpregnancydue date calculatorpregnancy week by weekpregnant sexweight gain trackersigns of labormorning sicknesscovid vaccine and pregnancyfetal weight chartfetal developmentpregnancy dischargefind out baby genderchinese gender predictorsee all in pregnancybaby namesbaby name generatortop baby names 2023top baby names 2024how to pick a baby namemost popular baby namesbaby names by lettergender neutral namesboy namesgirl namesunique boy namesunique girl namestop baby names by year
see all in baby namesbabynewbornbaby developmentbaby feeding guidenewborn sleepwhen babies roll overfirst-year baby costs calculatorpostpartum healthbaby poop chartsee all in babytoddleraverage weight & heightautism signschild growth chartnight terrorsmoving from crib to bedtoddler feeding guidefeedingpotty trainingbathing and groomingbehaviorsee all in toddlerchildheight predictorpotty training: boyspotty training: girlshow much sleep? (ages 3+)ready for preschool?tantrumsthumb-suckinggross motor skillsnapping (ages 2 to 3)see all in childhealthphotos: rashes & skin conditionssymptom checkervaccine schedulerreducing a feverteethingacetaminophen dosage chartconstipation in babiesear infection symptomsinfant cprhead lice 101see all in healthfamilysecond pregnancydaycare costsfamily financestay-at-home parentsbreastfeeding positionssee all in familycoursesinfant cprbaby sleep trainingpreparing for babyregistry buildermy custom checklistmy registriesmy perkstake the quizbaby productsamazon prime daybest breast pumpbest convertible car seatbest infant car seatbest baby bottlebest baby monitorbest strollerbest diapersbest baby carrierbest diaper bagbest highchairbest baby productssee all in baby productspopular searchesdilationwhy pregnant belly feels tightearly signs of twinsteas during pregnancybaby head circumference charthow many months pregnant am iwhat is a rainbow babybraxton hicks contractionshcg levels by weekwhen to take a pregnancy testam i pregnantwhy is poop greencan pregnant women eat shrimpd & cinseminationultrasoundpcosuti during pregnancyvitamin d dropsbest baby forumlapostpartum depressionlow progesterone during pregnancybaby showerbaby shower gamescommunitygetting pregnantpregnancybaby namesbabytoddlerchildhealthfamilycoursesregistry builderbaby productshometrendingdiscoverwelcome to the communityto get started, here are some posts from our most popular topics: pregnancy, babies, and getting pregnant. you can also discover more topics in all of our groups.popular groupspregnancy381.1k members5 minutes agojoin groupgetting pregnant - trying to conceive 260.4k members11 minutes agojoin groupbaby names328.9k members23 minutes agojoin grouptoddlers85.5k members5 hours agojoin groupfamily finances31.7k members4 hours agojoin groupworking parents39.6k members10 hours agojoin groupmarriage & romantic relationships96k members24 minutes agojoin grouplarge families13.6k members5 hours agojoin groupbargain hunters124.2k members2 minutes agojoin groupposts about pregnancybaby namesnames with similar vibes as gabrielle? lby liv1006 i lovee the name gabrielle, specifically as a middle name for my girl, but it’s my cousins name, so obviously i can’t use it. what are some names with a similar vibe? first name is still undecided but we it’s going to be a more gender neutral name, so we want something longer/ girlier for her middle2 hours ago number of comments00pregnancycsection smelllby lulu2133 5 weeks post csection i'm on the heavy side apron belly ,why does my csection have that stinky belly button smell ? any helpan hour ago by nessaa20number of comments10ultrasoundsgirl or boy? 12+0 nub theory bby banana9321 any guesses? the first pic looks like a boy, but could it be the cord? i’m confused 😅2 hours ago number of comments00pregnancypregnancy nt scan dby devi93kavi hi am 31 years old this is my second pregnancy and i had my nt scan at 13 week 2day nt measurement is 1mm is that is normal anyone tell me3 hours ago by bb281number of comments10pregnancyhigh blood pressure mby makaylah96 hi, i am 6 weeks pregnant i took my blood pressure and it was 160/96, along with having a severe headache do i need immediate medical attention or can this wait? 3 hours ago by bri244number of comments50advertisement | page continues belowbaby namesbaby number 4 mby mamarisramirez we currently have 3 littles all whose names start with the letter “i”. we are team green this pregnancy but are undecided if we want to stick with letter “i” . both gender letter “i” names would be greatly appreciated so we can decide if we should stick to it. i am conflicted about baby feeling left5 hours ago by mamarisramireznumber of comments20pregnancyhow do you tell someone that the mattress they registered for isn’t safe?by pharmama0406 my coworker is due 6-7 weeks after me. she invited a bunch of us to her shower, so we’ve been looking through what to get as we may go in on a bigger item. here’s the issue: someone suggested getting her the crib mattress but it’s memory foam which isn’t firm enough for safe sleep. 

i feel icky goi2 hours ago by babybearcatfannumber of comments120baby nameswhy are names so hard !?!? mby momimock we were surprised , sex wise, for our first 2 and my third child we know it’s a boy and we are struggling. any ideas? 
our kiddos are maddox and nora . 27 minutes ago by scarlettznumber of comments30see moreposts about babiesbabieshelp! nby navid18 so my baby is 4 days old and i see this in her diaper is ti normal?? or should i be worried?? 3 hours ago by caitycatgirlnumber of comments20babiestips for overstimulated baby ? cby cb2828 i have a 6 month old baby girl. she gets really overstimulated when we’re out in public or in group/party environments. (i know this is normal for all babies. heck, i get overstimulated too) 

she can cry for hours and its really difficult to soothe her in those settings.   of course we try to make 5 hours ago number of comments00babiessoy formulamby mommas092 my baby just turned four months old and on january 8 we switched him from aluminum to soy formula. he did fine other than a little bit of diarrhea in the beginning but this past couple days he’s had diarrhea and has been spinning up somewhat often and he’s been fussy. the reason they put him on alum8 hours ago number of comments00babiesbreathing cby candyo25 how do you know if your baby is breathing right or not. new mom here . plz help me 21 hours ago by madisongrace313number of comments10teaching your baby and toddler to sleepi’m desperate for help bby bhbriggs22 my baby is almost 5 months old 
she occasionally puts herself to sleep but i was terrified of the 4 month sleep regression and now i regret not continuing with sleep training 
right now she will mainly only sleep when holding her and when i’m cosleeping, but we need to get out of both habits for bot20 hours ago by allyrobnumber of comments10babieswhat is this on my baby’s mouth kby kandyxo he has been having it for 4 weeks 4 hours ago by 9pixiedust2number of comments50teaching your baby and toddler to sleepwhat is this on my baby’s mouth kby kandyxo he has been having it for 4 weeks 20 hours ago by happytobejustme37number of comments10breastfeeding support and helpbreastfeeding rby rosegold24 hi i was wondering if someone could help me i want to breast feed but i have had issues with that before as in i made mo milk for my first and for my second and 3rd i made the milk to late is there something i can do to help make milk before baby is here are the breast cookie things one of them? whe19 hours ago by ccstateofsunnumber of comments10see moreposts about getting pregnanttrying to conceive community when to try after miscarriage-empty sac ?pby perla33 hello 
i had a miscarriage in week 8, when does ovulation start? 5 hours ago by xzeexnumber of comments10trying to conceive community ovulation test readmby mamacthompson i took this tonight and i thought it was a low positive as i took one 3 days ago and it was negative. i'm cramping and spotted a bit. i have pcos and i didn't know that my lh levels could be affected by having pcos. does anyone know if this is a real positive? i got so excited as i just got off the 5 hours ago by xzeexnumber of comments10getting pregnant - trying to conceive helpbby blueeye55 hey guys so my period was due today i’ve been getting sick almost every morning since wednesday i have highten smell i could smell my residents hand sanitizer down the hallway and i’ve been peeing a lot my nose is running and normally i cramp and spot a couple days before my period but i have nothin5 hours ago by blueeye55number of comments40trying to conceive community advice/ similar experiences ?fby faithh0434 hi guys , so i’ve had one pregnancy before and i miscarried at 15 weeks with my baby girl 11-11-2024 ! so that’s just for reference, and my pregnancies i don’t have symptoms really other than cramping that’s it and being really tired. so today makes 13 dpo and 2 days before my period is due. i ovula9 hours ago number of comments00getting pregnant - trying to conceive advice/ similar experiences ?fby faithh0434 hi guys , so i’ve had one pregnancy before and i miscarried at 15 weeks with my baby girl 11-11-2024 ! so that’s just for reference, and my pregnancies i don’t have symptoms really other than cramping that’s it and being really tired. so today makes 13 dpo and 2 days before my period is due. i ovula8 hours ago by ivfwarriorbabenumber of comments10trying to conceive community 8dpoiby inatashaa1x3 faint line or line eyes?9 hours ago number of comments00trying to conceive community is this positive or not quite dh out of town aby annienonny dh travels a lot for work.  he gets home tomorrow evening.  is this positive? did we miss it this month 6 minutes ago by annienonnynumber of comments50getting pregnant - trying to conceive help please sby skyfiretay1995 i see a line it's light but i know i see it 11 hours ago by nikitaadriannumber of comments10see morebabycenter zodiacwhat will your baby's zodiac sign be? see what it says about their personality.find your baby’s zodiacget the babycenter appthe #1 app for tracking pregnancy and baby growth.get the babycenter appbabycenter is your parenting partner.babycenter is committed to providing the most helpful and trustworthy pregnancy and parenting information in the world. our content is doctor approved and evidence based, and our community is moderated, lively, and welcoming. with thousands of award-winning articles and community groups, you can track your pregnancy and baby's growth, get answers to your toughest questions, and connect with moms, dads, and expectant parents just like you.about babycenterbabycenter appsabout usawardsmedical advisory boardcareersadvertise with usopens a new windowpress centerprivacy policyterms of useaccessibilityhealth data privacy policydo not sell my personal informationfreebies & dealspopular topicshelp centercontact uscommunity guidelinesadchoicespopular articles common pregnancy symptoms what do braxton hicks feel like? all about baby acne what is a rainbow baby? normal hcg levels by pregnancy weekwhen does implantation occur? when do babies roll over?  what is lightning crotch? how to get pregnant fast tools & resources due date calculator ovulation calculator height calculator baby teeth chart chinese gender predictor hospital bag checklist birth plan template baby growth chart pregnancy weight gain calculator pregnancy week by week product reviews baby must haves best postpartum pads best manual breast pump best baby formula best compression socks best sippy cupbest nipple cream best pregnancy sunscreen best stroller fan best bottles popular baby name lists baby name generator unique girl names greek names mexican names irish names  unique names cool names german names spanish names japanese girl names other sitesbabycenter en españolopens a new windowbabycenter australiaopens a new window babycenter brazilopens a new window babycenter canadaopens a new window  babycenter germanyopens a new windowbabycenter indiaopens a new windowbabycentre ukopens a new window connect with usfacebookopens a new windowinstagramopens a new windowpinterestopens a new windowyoutubeopens a new windowtwitteropens a new window© 1997-2025 babycenter, llc, a ziff davis company. all rights reserved.  babycenter is designed for educational purposes only. consult with a medical professional if you have health concerns. use of this site is subject to our terms of use and privacy policy. 
advertisement