











saberhagen's worlds of sf and fantasy








 


the worlds
swords/ berserker/dracula/ science fiction
/ fantasy /gods
read: sign of the wolf -- an illustrated
berserker® short story
fred saberhagen info 
memorial / biography /fred's
favorite links
jss
literary productions, managing the estate of fred saberhagen
 some familiar faces
in
the frankenstein papers, the dracula tape and an old friend of the family

  fred saberhagen's original take on the iconic myths of the frankenstein monster and count dracula.
 s
  
of berserkers, swords and vampires:
  a fred saberhagen retrospective. baen books. a
  sampling of saberhagen fiction from his first published story to his last solo
  story. the volume illuminates the impressive range of saberhagen's
  imaginative worlds. a must have book for saberhagen fans..
golden reflections : an anthology
  containing fred's novel mask of the sun and seven original
  related novellas.
p
faqs : frequently asked questions from fred's email
correspondence.
for folks interested in fred and the history of his work, northern illinois
university maintains an archive
of fred's paper.
the facebook blog of bulgarian author radi radev science
fiction, fantasy and horror contains a summary of fred's literary legacy.
take a look.
other media
audiotape+cd+mp3+ebooks/ games / translated
works 
send a note
berserker is a registered trademark of jss literary productions and can not be used without permission.
jss literary productions manages the literary estate of fred saberhagen.
  contact us at jsabe@berserker.com
for media rights queries: brian lipson at ipg intellectual property group 
for publication rights queries: danny baror at baror international, inc.



this
  page was last updated on feb 8, 2025
maintenance by joan saberhagen. jsabe@berserker.com
    joan saberhagen manages the literary estate of fred saberhagen.
the url for this page is: www.berserker.com the url
    www.fredsaberhagen.com currently is a mirror for this site.
this site is copyrighted by fred saberhagen and jss literary productions.
thanks to lewis sellers,lasellers@gmail.com,
    for graphic headers, some cover scans, and technical assistance.
    joan saberhagen writes under the name joan spicci. for information on her work visit www.joanspicci.com





