
home | casey halwig & hartle funeral home located in olean, new york



















menu





home




about us





our history




our staff




map & directions




contact us




our facilities




the talk of a lifetime







obituaries




funeral planning





pre-planning




pre-arrange online




legal advice




grief resources




faq







our services





traditional services




cremation




price list




merchandise







local resources





local florists




local cemeteries




local restaurants




local hotels




funeral-related links




monument dealers




geneology info
























welcome to casey halwig & hartle funeral home

casey, halwig & hartle funeral home is the olean area's newest and largest funeral and memorial facility. the building itself is large, modern and provides a comfortable home-like atmosphere.we proudly serve all races, religions and nationalities and we are able to accommodate any customs or traditions important to you.we are a full service funeral home providing traditional, cremation and pre-arrangement services. in addition to local services, our staff are also able to provide out of town, out of state and international funeral arrangements. like all funeral homes, we provide caskets, cemetery vaults, urns and other merchandise. what we offer that many funeral homes overlook is sincere and faithful service.we understand how difficult the process of dealing with the death of someone close to you can be. we've been through it ourselves. we care about your family and your needs.please feel free to browse our pages to learn more about pre-planning a funeral and grief support, as well as the traditional funeral and cremation services that we have to offer.  if you have any questions or concerns please feel free to contact us at anytime, we are available by phone or e-mail, or drop by the office in person.  we are always here to help.


the moments write the story...





​contact us today to find out how we can help.


 
casey, halwig & hartle funeral home3128 rt 417w    |    olean, new york    |    14760




online obituaries



current services
past services







        loading...
    







                        dana   colley
                    

saturday, february 15, 2025







                        virginia  m.  hemmerly 
                    

thursday, february 6, 2025








                        robert n. gustason
                    

thursday, february 6, 2025








                        sara   ray 
                    

thursday, february 6, 2025








                        francis e. geyer
                    

wednesday, february 5, 2025








                        edith m. outman
                    

sunday, february 2, 2025








                        margaret e. smith
                    

sunday, february 2, 2025








                        edward  l. forness 
                    

friday, january 31, 2025








                        carole j. o'malley
                    

saturday, january 25, 2025







                        clayton g. eaton
                    

saturday, january 25, 2025



view all
receive notifications







































home     |     about     |     planning     |     grief     |     services     |     resources
3128 rt 417w   |   olean, new york   |   14760   |   716-372-0254www.caseyhalwighartle.com   |   info@caseyhalwighartle.com




admin login | website powered by funeraltech & ta | privacy policy | terms of use







