





















uc davis graduate group in ecology








      skip to main content
    






menu


uc davis graduate group in ecology






























open search




search











    quick links+



uc davis







main navigation (extended config)



home




          program





diversity


degree requirements & bylaws


core courses and aoe required courses


seminar/group study courses


designated emphases





          admissions





the admission process


entry requirements


faqs





          areas of emphasis





our areas of emphasis


what is an aoe?





          resources





guidance committee form


graduate degree forms


gge forms


student associations


undergraduate opportunities





          funding





funding: an overview


annual fellowship opportunities





          people





students


committees


faculty


general contacts

















 



graduate group in ecology










                graduate group in ecology
      
the uc davis graduate group in ecology (gge) is the largest and most comprehensive ecology graduate training group of its kind. offering unparalleled diversity and depth in course work and research opportunities, the group is recognized as a center for academic and training excellence. offering both master's and ph.d. degrees, the graduate group is organized into nine areas of emphasis that include both basic and applied ecology. 
what is a graduate group?
graduate groups are an institution unique to the uc davis campus.  from a student’s point of view, the virtue of graduate groups is that they are much more flexible than departmental graduate programs. graduate groups allow students to cross departmental and disciplinary boundaries. in the case of the graduate group in ecology, over 100 faculty from 25 departments give students direct access to a very broad and deep faculty resource. we also have no difficulty with students taking courses from faculty outside the group or from putting such faculty on advisory, qualifying, and thesis committees. 
click here to apply today!





























university of california, davis, one shields avenue, davis, ca 95616 | 530-752-1011

questions or comments? privacy & accessibility principles of community university of california sitemap last update: february 7, 2025 
copyright © the regents of the university of california, davis campus. all rights reserved.


this site is officially grown in sitefarm.










