




welcome to baer's furniture






































skip to main content





final hours! 50% off everything in the store | no promo code neededexclusions apply. chat with an online specialist for details.shop our current saletrack your deliverymake a payment




























search









locations

come say hello!


stuart, fl


north palm beach, fl


west palm beach, fl


boca raton, fl


fort lauderdale, fl


dania beach, fl


pembroke pines, fl


naples, fl


fort myers, fl


port charlotte, fl


sarasota, fl


casselberry, fl 


jacksonville, fl


melbourne, fl


pinecrest, fl (miami) 


winter garden, fl



view all




sign in



cart


0






search





search
















locations


view cart 0


sign in


















































view our newest look bookseastshop living roomshop dining roomshop bedroomshop home officeshop accentssleep in comfortindulge in a night of luxurious sleepshop mattressesfurnishing your space, ready when you areshop in stock furnitureupholsteryleatherbedroomdiningofficeaccentsinterior designwindow treatmentscustom upholsterywhat our customers' say




 navigate_before 



                            "great shopping, good selection of furniture, very helpful staff. delivery went very smooth. professional, and very courteous. i appreciate the communication of the timing for delivery. well done."

                                mark k. - casselberry


                            "local, knowledgeable and friendly. not the stalking you get at big box stores. great quality"

                                neal a. - dania


                            "sales person excellent. great delivery! very efficient, quick and pleasant."

                                eva k. - boca raton


                            "delivery personnel worked quickly and efficiently. they took the time to let me be sure all the electronics worked properly. i was very pleased with my experience with baers furniture, both the store and delivery."

                                judy b. - fort myers


                            "we want to thank the baer’s furniture company for helping us choose furniture for our new home. the company was professional and friendly. thank you!"

                                sarah n. - melbourne


                            "my experience at baer’s was very good. our salesman was knowledgeable and helpful. the delivery guys were super. they were quick and efficient. i am very pleased with my purchase."

                                scotty r. - fort lauderdale


                            "excellent selection of contemporary furniture appropriate for south florida living. my home furnishings consultant has handheld me throughout the process."

                                alice d. - north palm beach


                            "the delivery men you sent this morning were fantastic! they were very nice and did the job neatly and quickly without leaving anything amiss! great group of men!"

                                donna s. - fort myers


                            "baer’s is good place to shop"

                                robert d. - naples


                            "found a chair we liked - good price - delivery was exactly when promised. a great experience. thx!!"

                                carl d. - fort lauderdale


                            "great variety of home furnishings to choose from."

                                sandy b. - jacksonville


                            "very good experience"

                                ann o. - melbourne


                            "nice selection with solid well known brand names that have stood the test of time. delivery guys were very courteous and helpful."

                                bettina h. - casselberry


                            "knowledge staff and friendly service."

                                richard c. - dania


                            "excellent service from the designer who placed the order to the delivery and install crew"

                                cindy b. - pinecrest


                            "salesperson is always extremely easy to work with, very customer oriented."

                                tony - naples


                            "what a great experience. lots of follow up calls and texts to confirm timing for delivery. they were actually on the early side and had a great team for delivery. perfect!"

                                marcia l. - boca raton


                            "great store great personal, and it was delivered on time"

                                david e. - port charlotte


                            "very knowledgeable and efficient!"

                                diana k. - fort myers


                            "delivery people showed up on time and salesman was extremely helpful. product was exactly what we expected."

                                daniel s. - north palm beach


                            "excellent service from start to finish. the purchasing and delivery went perfect with great communication the entire time."

                                dan s. - sarasota


                            "i had a great salesman who was patient with me while i made my decisions. the furniture arrived on time and looks beautiful! waiting on my custom ordered bed to complete my look!"

                                holly g. - west palm beach


                            "fast delivery, excellent product, great service"

                                chris m. - jacksonville


                            "good quality furniture. i'm happy with my purchase. from sales to delivery, everything went smoothly."

                                patricia n. - pembroke pines


                            "great service and delivery."

                                david c. - stuart


                            "great prices, great customer service in store, and great delivery."

                                emily t. - pembroke pines


                            "great selection, knowledgeable staff and very nice delivery men. also liked that i could track when they would arrive."

                                debbie m. - winter garden


                            "what a pleasure ! we love our new sofa chairs and recliner!"

                                aldo r. - pinecrest


                            "quality furniture, great delivery and set up. all items have been delivered and look great!"

                                kay v. - port charlotte


                            "your crew was wonderful to work with"

                                ira s. - sarasota


                            "delivery was exceptional! very conscientious people."

                                g. falls - stuart


                            "friendly staff; delivery was a breeze, very accommodating to our schedule"

                                chuck m. - west palm beach


                            "excellent service and delivery of excellent quality products"

                                charlotte b. - winter garden



 navigate_next 



transforming spaces, elevating comfort#baersathomeflorida furniture store - baer's furniturequality name brands at great valuediscover baer's furniture, your ultimate destination for top-quality furniture and mattresses in florida. explore our extensive collection featuring unbeatable value in home furnishings, including living room, bedroom, dining room, home office, and entertainment pieces from renowned brands. whether you're seeking to elevate your living space or redefine your style, our 16 florida locations are ready to help you find the perfect furniture to complement your home and lifestyle. visit us today and experience the baer's furniture difference firsthand.










don’t miss out on deals & new releases





submitting...







contact notes - required*

do you agree to the terms of service?
































family owned and operated since 1945
here at baer's we are so much more than just a furniture store. we are your florida design and decor partners offering a huge selection of furniture by quality name brands at a great value. take advantage of our 75 years of experience in the designer furniture industry and turn your house into the home of your dreams. visit one of our 16 locations across florida today.
information accuracy - we have taken great care to provide you with information that is accurate and useful. please notify us if you find an error and we will do our best to correct it. we ask that you contact us directly to confirm information about pricing, color, features, dimensions, availability and lead times.
nothing on this page may be copied or reproduced without explicit permission.







site powered by furnituredealer.net © 2006 - 2025 furnituredealer.net, inc., all rights reserved.


privacy policy
accessibility statement
do not sell my personal information




























