



	harman international




















































anchor





















company




about usmission & valuesleadershipboard of directorsrecognitionmilestones




experience harmanharman develops solutions to enable seamless, connected lifestyles for the home, car, stage and enterprise through its leading audio products, infotainment systems, software and connected services.experience harmanlead with integrity, innovate with intention, and drive excellence.innovation and performance driven by world-class talentharman is proud of its legacy of achievement and innovation in every facet of our businessa powerful combinationas a wholly-owned subsidiary of samsung, harman has retained its leadership team and has established a strong board of directors with representation from samsung.driven to excelfrom multiple grammy awards to accolades for engineering excellence,harman people and technologies are consistently recognized for outstanding performancesinventors, disruptors and rock starsharman is proud of its legacy of achievement and innovation in every facet of our business.






solutions




automotivelifestyleconsumerprofessionaldigital transformation solutions (strategic business unit)




consumer experiences. automotive grade.at harman, we believe cars should be for living, not just driving. we’re satisfying the drivers’ hunger for cutting-edge technology, while putting oems back at the helm of providing great consumer experiences.unparallel audio experiences wherever you arewhether at home, on the go, or in your car, harman’s iconic audio products and breakthrough technologies set the standard for pure audio enjoyment.unparalleled audio experiences wherever you arewhether at home, on the go, or in your car, harman’s iconic audio products and breakthrough technologies set the standard for pure audio enjoyment.from rock concerts to the boardroomharman engineers and manufactures audio, video and lighting products for some of the most recognizable names in live performance, audio recording, large venue, cinema, retail, corporate, education, government, hospitality and more.digital transformation solutions (strategic business unit)professional services solutions across design, mobility, cloud and analytics that enable a connected world.






responsibility




harman inspiredsustainabilitysupply chain




inspiring young people through music, technology and serviceharman inspired is harman's global cause initiative empowering the next generation to realize their possibilities through the power of music, technology and service.responsible and environmentally sound business practicesharman is committed to ensuring that we, our customers and our communities endure and thrive for years to come.ethical business practices through our operationswe seek strategic partners that share our values ‐ those who exemplify integrity, innovation and excellence





innovation

news




blogspress releasesevent media kit




blogsharman stories and insights about our company, technologies, people, and markets.press releasescorporate, product, and news-worthy announcements.events media kitcompilation of insights for our major events and initiatives.





careers
shop
contact



search






















experience harmanfor work and playharman develops innovative solutions that create smart experiences to make life easier, productive and entertaining – at home, in the car or on the go.  





our businessharman is a global leader in connected car systems, lifestyle audio innovations, professional audio and lighting solutions, and digital transformation. click below to learn more about any of our business units.

automotive solutionsdigital transformationlifestyleprofessional solutions
automotive solutionsharman is driving a whole new world of possibilities through the expertise of our automotive and sound engineers. it is delivering 'ready' products faster, while still upholding rigorous automotive standards. the result is new creative in-cabin experiences at superior automotive grade.automotive solutionsdigital transformationharman transforms lives by solving problems with innovation.  we elevate daily grind to exciting events by harnessing innovation, enhancing speed to market, optimizing costs and enhancing user experiences to serve ever-evolving human needs. digital transformation solutionslifestyleharnessing our iconic brands, we provide premium-branded audio and gaming solutions that set the standard for listening enjoyment at home, in the car or on-the-go. lifestyle solutionsprofessional solutionspowering some of the worlds most recognizable stages and performance venues, harman is a global leader in audio, video and lighting solutions to enhance entertainment experiences for audiences around the world. professional solutions





latest newsces 2025. check out the latest news from las vegas
latest newsjbl lights up nyc learn more
latest newsharman introduces forecastgpt, a generative ai powered forecasting platform learn more







we are made by innovators.we provide beautiful technological solutions for today, while keeping our sights on tomorrow.
innovation meets design, while never losing sight of our customers' evolving needs.
how we innovate













about usharman designs and engineers connected products and solutions for automakers, consumers, and enterprises worldwide.harman designs and engineers c​onnected prod​​ucts and solutions for automakers, consumers, and enterprises worldwide, including connected car systems, audio and visual products, enterprise automat​ion solutions; and connected services.​​ about harman











back to top











sustainabilityabout our efforts



visit the shopbrowse















careers
contact
sitemap
news




















								
									© 2025 harman international. all rights reserved. privacy policy | cookies | terms of use
if you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, please call (800) 645-7484 for assistance.










