


















napili kai beach resort | maui resorts & condos in hawaii

































































































































experience
tesla experience
accommodations
dining

sea house restaurant
makai hale snack bar


romance
offers & specials

family reunion package
early bird, limited time
lahaina strong
aaa discount
aarp discount
military discount


maui’s recovery
contact
reserve a table
book now










napili kai beach resort

 watch video


an oceanfront, boutique resort in unspoiled napili bay, featuring 1-bedroom suites in one of the most sought-after bays on maui. just steps from the pacific ocean, our napili kai beach resort will take your breath away.









napili kai beach resort

 watch video


an oceanfront, boutique resort in unspoiled napili bay, featuring 1-bedroom suites in one of the most sought-after bays on maui. just steps from the pacific ocean, our napili kai beach resort will take your breath away.








new amenity
tesla experience


napili kai beach resort is proud to announce maui’s first sustainable tesla carshare service, in partnership with envoy hawaii!

learn more










special offers you won’t want to miss.




view all deals				










 

5th night freebook with us on select dates in 2025 and enjoy your 5th night free in our ocean view studios or our oceanfront 1-bedroom suites.


more details










 

 family packagereconnect, refresh, relax and renew your family ties
the perfect place for your next family reunion! book 7 nights or more for 6 or more rooms.


more details







 



view all deals				

























reviews from tripadvisor

































travel agents
travel insurance
media library
view our webcam
order amenities
our legacy
 

fb
fb













© napili kai beach resort
5900 lower honoapiilani road, lahaina, hi 96761
phone: (808) 669-6271 - fax: (808) 669-5740 

privacy policy - terms of use - accessibility statement 




we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. do not sell my personal information.cookie settingsacceptmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





necessary							


necessary

always enabled




necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






functional							


functional





functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.







performance							


performance





performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.







analytics							


analytics





analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.







advertisement							


advertisement





advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.







others							


others





other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.













save & accept


powered by 










 







 

experiencetesla experienceaccommodationsdining▼sea house restaurantmakai hale snack barromanceoffers & specials▼family reunion packageearly bird, limited timelahaina strongaaa discountaarp discountmilitary discountmaui’s recoverycontactreserve a tablebook now 













×			


 




































