



anu internet services




















placeholder title
placeholder message... show more










home
what we offer
blog
contact us




customer portal


webmail









customer portal


webmail












managed hosting

bespoke hosting solutions built on our highly managed linux virtual servers
what we offer







experienced engineers







high security







iso 27001 certified







24/7 monitoring and support







advanced backup and dr solutions













why people trust us
we are a small team of highly motivated technology professionals, passionate about hosting. bringing decades of industry experience, we offer tried and tested solutions built on our own infrastructure using open source technologies.




managed security
our iso 27001 certified information security management system is designed to secure your servers and confidential data. we go beyond basic compliance requirements to build truly secure hosting environments.
check our credentials







bespoke solutions
if it runs on linux, we can host it. bring us your requirements and we will be happy to put together a proposal for you.
our range of services







trusted partner
a successful client/supplier relationship relies on mutual trust. join our growing customer base to discover a unique approach to building long term success. contact us and we'll be happy to provide references.
contact us










what we offer
we are a team of hosting experts. we work in harmony with your designers and developers, providing top notch hosting service and seamless support. our managed service includes server deployment, software stack installation and configuration, performance tuning, monitoring, server security, backups and more. we can provide bespoke slas with evidence based reporting to back them up.
check out our full range






managed servers

linux virtual servers are the building blocks upon which we design solutions to your challenges.

discover the possibilities




devops solutions

we love automation. allow us to write you a beautiful custom ci (continuous integration) script to automatically build, test and deploy your code to staging and production environments. all you have to do is make a commit from your ide and the job's done!

learn more




hosted email

hosted email for small/medium businesses, professionals and freelancers who need email addresses on their own domain name.

discover hosted email






web hosting

our web hosting packages are so powerful and flexible that they are used by companies as small as a one-man shop and as large as a london borough.

choose your plan




hosting for resellers

from automatic security patching of wordpress, free ssl/tls certificates, ssh access to run composer or use git, to the latest and fastest php versions, our reseller packages include everything needed to make a developer's job easy.

see the packages




hosted nextcloud

full control over your data. increase productivity and improve collaboration with simple, flexible and secure file and folder sharing.

tell me more











our blog
latest news
anu internet services blogannouncements, status updates, known issues and news in general
more details














global support, local servers
anu operate our own standards based virtualisation infrastructure from datacenters in chicago (usa1), dallas (usa2), amsterdam west (ams1), london (uk1) and sydney (au1).






international presence
we are proud to be a small team with an international background. from our global network of datacenters and support staff we serve a customer base spread over 6 continents.
discover how we can serve you








callback requestname:phone number:i have read and agree to the privacy policy


thank you! your submission has been received!


oops! something went wrong while submitting the form.











contact us
let's get in touch
get in touch with anu internet services professionals today. fill out the form and we'll reply to you immediately.






let’s get in touchname:email:message:i have read and agree to the privacy policy


thank you! your submission has been received!


oops! something went wrong while submitting the form.












© 2025 anu internet services ltd



home


what we offer


blog


contact us


information security



contacts
registered in england and wales, company number 5448643vat number gb850626823

support@anu.net




get in touch










customer portal






webmail








standard terms & conditions
privacy policy







