





key west fishing charters | key west top guides


























lowest price guaranteed
click to chat






                                questions? call us
                usa: (866) 427-2550










toggle navigation












deep sea fishing 

light tackle 

specialty charters 

flats fishing 

split charter 
 












 




previous



next








key west top guides



twitter
facebook
google plus






key west deep sea fishingone of the most exciting types of fishing is key west offshore fishing. the reason that offshore fishing is so exciting is because you never know what will be out there and you have no idea of knowing what you might catch.learn more


key west light tackle fishingkey west light tackle boats offer the best charter available. light tackle fishing boats provide you with the ability to do many different things during your trip. it was important that these boats were flexible in nature to allow for different goals based on our charters. this allows you to see numerous forms of aquatic life and to possibly catch just as many.learn more


key west flats fishingkey west is an area that is known for its high quality fishing adventures. in fact, when it comes to something like flats fishing you will not find another place better than in the florida keys.learn more




limited spaces available! for reservations call (866) 427-2550. spaces are extremely limited this time of year so book early to ensure the date you want.







site information



our fleet 

fishing calendar 

about us 

frequently asked questions 
 



fishing topics


key west billfishkey west fish specieskey west fishing catch of the weekkey west fishing reportskey west grouperkey west jackskey west mackerelkey west sharkskey west snapperkey west tuna 


recent articles







5 ways to fish in key west
 published jan 09 2014








fruitful january fishing in key west
 published jan 22 2014








atlantic fishing in february
 published feb 16 2014

 




key west top guides


here at key west top guides, we have selected the top, and most successful fishing charters in key west for your convenience. to save you time, you can also book in one stop here. avid fisherman from all over the world come the key west for this sport, and everyone is consistently impressed with the professionalism and fun that is offered on these different tours.
whether you are an experienced fisher looking to relax on your visit to key west, or you’re new, and looking forward to bringing home dinner that you caught, we’ll have the perfect tour for you. our captains have over 15 years experience, and know the waters off of the key west shores like the back of their hand. the weather stays fairly consistent at a sunny 75 degrees year round, with the exception of the hot summers, and occasional cold snaps.
key west has plenty of specialty charters to take you out on a tour that most fits your key west fishing vacation needs. visitors on these tours have come aboard for the famous sport fishing of swordfish. black fin tuna and wahoo are a popular and tasty catch as well on the deep sea fishing tour. if you are looking to fish for tarpon or have one of key west’s most exciting excursion of shark fishing, then take a look at the flat fishing tours offered. the sunset shark and tarpon charter takes passengers at the nicest time of the day to be out to challenge their fishing skills and try to catch shark and tarpon. if you are looking to branch into other territories of fishing, we suggest trying the key west lobstering tour and go diving for your own lobster, if in season of course.
want to see some interesting wreck sites as well as catch some of the best fish of key west? the gulf of mexico wrecks are a great specialty charter, in which the tour guide will ask you which type of fish you are looking for, and take you to one of the many wreckage sites that is the shelter to hundreds of types of fish off of the key west shores.
our tours captains make sure all of the bases are covered to give you a relaxing time to enjoy the time out to sea. the captains of these tours have been nationally recognized and featured for their excellence and knowledge of the sport from notable sources, such as espn, the sunshine network, and florida sportsman and sports fishing.other great things about these tour captains:
 

the most up-to-date equipment
certified and insured
top of the line boats
best tips for fishing
championship tournament guides

and the best part about all of these excursions is that no experience is necessary in order to try. our key west fishing charter captains aware of your needs and skill level, and make sure you feel as comfortable as possible.
  





for reservations book online or contact us at (866) 427-2550 for more information


key west top guides



 

key west deep sea fishing






 

key west flats fishing






 

key west light tackle fishing






 

key west specialty charters









key west fishing guides
need help booking your tour? our professional and local staff is here to help. contact one of our local representatives by calling (866) 427-2550 or click the live chat button to right.


latest fishing articlesspectacular august fishingaugust deep sea angling picks upaugust brings successful light tackle fishing 

fishing charters 

cancellation policy 

privacy policy 

terms and conditions 




 




copyright © 2025
key west top guides 



site policies

fishing reports 

key west fish species 

catch of the week 

blog 
 







click below for reservations

united states(866) 427-2550










price match guarantee
found a better price online? we'll price match it.
we won't be beat on price!
in fact, our prices are up to 56% cheaper*
key west top guides is the #1 fishing charter concierge in key west
to prove it we are matching all online pricing on the tours we offer.
for price matching call
(866) 427-2550
*current prices are 30% cheaper than cruise lines!
close






questions? feedback? powered by olark live chat software














