






minneapolis regional chamber








































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footermember directory
events
log in
about us
contact

mpls regional chamberour region

about us
about our region
our staff


business resources

certificate of origin
talent & workforce
move minneapolis
realtime talent


advocacy

advocacy priorities
stay up to date


membership

join now
promote your business
engage with us
member directory


programs

chamber events
calendar
minnesota keystone program
leadership programs
advocacy programs
foundation programs
move minneapolis programs



your voice,
our impactget involved


“the minneapolis regional chamber impacts the economic vitality of the region by advocating for policies and initiatives that create an inclusive and equitable environment in which businesses, employees and communities thrive.
“


leadershipleadershipstrong leaders support strong communities. we empower organizational leaders through programming, business development, and economic evolution.
view our programs

upcoming eventsupcoming eventsthe chamber hosts a variety of events for members and stakeholders across the communities we serve. browse our upcoming events by type, location, host, and audience.
view our events calendar

membershipmembershipour members enjoy exclusive benefits, are a part of a diverse and robust network of business leaders, and have access to resources to support and grow their businesses.
learn more about membership

advocacyadvocacytogether, we make the greater msp region a place where businesses and people thrive. the chamber advocates for issues that ensure this region is accessible, affordable, and remains nationally competitive.
learn more

the greater msp regionthe greater msp regionthe minneapolis regional chamber serves the greater msp region, one of the most vibrant and economically diverse metropolitan areas in the united states.
learn more about the region





what’s happening




find more upcoming events 





get involved
whether you’re a member of the chamber or a community stakeholder we have opportunities for you to impact our region and its growth. 
learn how to get started


mission vision
our mission the minneapolis regional chamber impacts the economic vitality of the region by advocating for policies and initiatives that create an inclusive and equitable environment in which businesses, employees and communities thrive.
our vision the greater msp region leads the world in inclusive economic growth by welcoming all, empowering talent and igniting innovation.
 
find out more 

footer
 81 south 9th st.
suite 200
minneapolis, mn 55402


 612.370.9100
email us


faqs
privacy statment
photography disclosure


    


copyright © 2025 minneapolis regional chamber of commerce  |  all rights reserved  | minneapolis web design by bizzyweb ·  log in
  














