

















	home - shot perfect specialized basketball shooting camps, madison, wi









shot perfect


608-257-8557 
terryjamesjoseph@gmail.com







 


 

what is shot perfecttm llc?
coach terry roach
virtual shot analysis (new)
camps offered
upcoming videos
current events
rollback champions
the experts
the advisors
the staff
letters of endorsement
picture gallery
test your shooting intelligence
contact us

 

get the advantage:

shot perfect friends:















 
welcome to shot perfect.com
 

congratulations to coach blake berning's former 8th grade - and now senior - 
			mineral point boys basketball team on their 2024 wiaa state championship! 
			four of its five starters were coached by berning in 2019, a squad that brought home the first and only coveted “gold ball” 
			trophy in district history. congratulations to the young men and the entire community on behalf of the shot perfect family.



 


senior shot analystterry j. roach(introduction video)


check out our introductory video »
shot perfect is the only camp of its kind in the country! the shot perfect staff teaches a shooting technique that is based on 25 years of continuous research at the high school, college, and nba level, all supported by kinesiology (the study of human movement).

 

what separates shot perfect professional shooting camps/sessions from any other shooting camp nation-wide?

camps/sessons are offered year-round to players who are serious about advancing their shooting intelligence, accuracy, consistency and overall offensive performance and/or players with desires to compete at the next level of competition.
camps/sessions offered:
		*professional (one-on-one) sessions
		*team/club/school sponsored camps
 

 camps/sessions include:

limited enrollment to allow for optimal educational quality and attention. 
introduction to the shot perfect shooting technique which is based on 10 years of research, supported by 6 specialized fields of science including:  anatomy, physiology, kinesiology, ophthalmology and physics and not myth conjecture or unsubstantiated information.
a written or oral pre-test prior to the session/camp. this test is used to evaluate the players current and accurate shooting knowledge (fact vs. fiction) and to provide a player a better idea of the information to be presented during this camp.
videotaping the player(s) from 4 different angles at the beginning of each session/camp and videotape review using slow-motion and still-picture review for analysis and evaluation.
introduction of basic and "true" jump-shooting and the difference of "push-shooting".
introduction of problem-identification and proven problem-solving techniques designed to increase the players shooting accuracy and consistency.
introduction of post moves with and without the dribble as well as an introduction of hook-shots and jump-hooks.
introduction of specific on and off the court shooting drills designed to enhance and advance the players over-all shooting performance.
introduction to a competitive game of rollback™.
a written or oral post-test used to evaluate post-camp shooting intelligence.








 




 










home|about us|gallery|contact uscopyright 2025 shot perfect
				








