



 link silicon valley



























































                        alerts
                    

1) pulse newsletter wip - same as production
2) pulse newsletter wip - all entered items
5) alerts pulse newsletter - all realtime items
6) alerts pulse newsletter - all realtime ok2send items





                        admin
                    

admin c center
pulse newsletter
reset help for everyone
                        





                        share
                    


                          share for bob:
                          





home 

fundraising 



                        about
                    


                            about
                        

                            team
                        

                            contact
                        

                            terms of service
                        

                            privacy policy
                        


membership 
partners 
 sign out





sign up |
            sign in





 
 
 











ok











ok
















                connecting people, capital and companies in silicon valley
                
                via the pulse of the valley newsletter
            

                the pulse delivers the latest news on fundings, investors & executive job moves.
            

                new!   connecting companies and capital
                
                via our flexible fundraising platform
            

                raising capital?
                 
                learn more
                






what's happening?








identify new prospects
pulse of the valley daily email includes new fundings, m&a, ipos and executive moves


sign up today to receive the pulse of the valley free for 14 days!
join now for free!







build targeted marketing campaigns
the linksv database has 20+ years of formations, fundings, m&a and ipo events, plus thousand of executive moves. 



management people



board members



angel investors



venture capital



active companies




identify campaign targets from detailed compamy profiles using 30+ filters on sector, keywords, headcount, funding, execuives, location and more.






need help with your campaign?
connect with our partner, e-virtual assistants for cost effective admin, email and telephone reachout and followup



                    make cold calls and generate leads
                    

                        follow up with prospects
                    

                        supplier communications
                    

                        calendar management
                    

                        online research
                    

                    basic photo and video editing
                    

                        newsletter creation
                    



interested in learning more? enter your email below and we will get back to you right away.




tell me more





                "we recently began working with evirtual assistants and couldn't be happier.  aba and her team are easy to work with, flexible, professional and proactive.  the team adjusted their work hours to align with our target market,  and they made suggestions on outreach techniques and fine tuned our telemarketing message.  they were operational quickly and provided daily updates to my team.  no hand holding on our part!  truly a professional organization."
            











































