






home  - smartline
















































home (current)




          products
        

order
price list





          pinewood derby®
        

timer features





          space derby®
        

timer features
track
spaceship construction





          customer help
        

faq
manuals
linesetup4
instructional videos
helpful links
request repair
contact us





          more
        

workshop tour
testimonials
about
 smartline's page




 



 cart
    	  0			  shopping cart



 




january 2025 notice

						happy new year!
						we do have standard besttrack size timers available for assembly.
            			we have limited machining capabilities in our new facility. 
						we can not make timers for custom wooden tracks or piantedosi size tracks at this time.
					    we are in the office and building the timers currently on order.  our current lead time is about 2-3 weeks. 
					    if you need a timer for january, please contact us before ordering.  
					    we build the timers to order and may not be able to get it to you for a  january race.
					    please contact us by email to see if we are able to fulfill your order. 
					    we are unable to receive phone messages at this time. 

					    contact us if you need a timer repaired.  we will provide an rma and delivery requirements.     
					

						we are available to answer any questions you may have about our products through email. 
					    please review the faq page for answers to many of the standard questions we have been asked.
						the quickstart manual can be found on the manuals page. 
												
					
limited time only!  
						
						we are upgrading the double sided placement only displays to the champ double sided with time on one side displays.

						the champ style displays are on the left.  smartline p2t2 style are on the right.






 


smartline timer fits any track.  
								we make the besttrack® and microwizard (piantedosi freedom) size and have most options in stock.   
								we can custom fabricate timers for wooden or plastic tracks with a 3.5" pitch or greater.
								
								details of the timer operation, pictures of the displays, mounting solutions and more can be found on the features page. 
								select the button below to explore all these details.
							

explore our design features



accurate results!

							the smartline timer provides the most accurate results in an attractive and sturdy package!  
							our internal processor can determine race results to better than 0.0001 seconds to make deciding the winner easy even
							for the close calls.  this is the same as the besttrack® champ double sided timer since we have made the electronics for that timer for over 15 years.
							we send a certificate of measurement with each timer showing the deviation from 5.00000 sec using time measurement instrumentation verified by an atomic clock. 
							the smartline timer has larger time displays that show the times to the ten-thousandths (1.2345). visit the faq page 
							for details about the accuracy of the smartline timer.
we send a certificate of measurement with each timer.









 



exclusive smartline timer ii features!


 







embedded usb or serial output from the smartline timer ii

								both serial and usb 
								versions are available.  there are advantages to each that depend on your individual needs.


usb output version
								includes a 10' usb cable
								
								add a 35' usb active extension cable to allow flexibility on setting up the computer area.
								that makes the total distance from the timer to the computer 45'.
								
								timer is not powered by the usb.


serial output version
								includes a 50' serial cable
								
								add a usb to serial converter cable to connect to a computer.
								that makes the total distance from the timer to the computer 56'.
								


stand-alone
								the smartline timer can also be used without connecting to a computer for casual racing.
								you can manually reset the timer with the reset button mounted at the start gate.
							


product features







"p2t2" double sided displays


								the smartline timer ii is the only timer on the market that features larger time displays on both sides 				
								and 4 decimal places. (1.2345)

					
								click 
								
								"p2t2" 
								for enlarged view.
								
 variety of options

								we cater to groups of all sizes and offer a large range of prices. depending on your budget choose from 4 display options from 
								single sided placement only to double sided with time and placement on both sides.

								use it with or without a computer but the timer comes fully enabled to use with a race management program.
								
easily choose options when ordering 
								choose the type of displays, usb or serial output options, track type and additional cables in dropdown lists when ordering. 
smartline timer fits any track.  
								we make the besttrack® and microwizard (piantedosi freedom) size and have most options in stock.  
								we can custom fabricate timers for wooden or plastic tracks with a 3.5" pitch or greater.   
								in other words, the distance between the center of each lane must be at least 3.5".
							



display details



 
 
 





pricing and delivery



					
					we stock many of our popular standard besttrack® size timers and they are ready to ship.
					 
			
					we ship the besttrack® and microwizard/piantedosi aluminum freedom track style timers within 1 week. 
					shipping times may take more than 2 weeks in peak season (january-february) depending on stock.
					
					
					custom, challenger(aluminum lanes on wood frame) and piantedosi wooden track timers take a little longer to fabricate.  
					we need to communicate and verify dimensions for these tracks.  we try to ship them within 3 weeks.  we have currently been able to make
					them once the dimensions are verified within a week. 
					
					send us a picture of your track and we can tell you what style it is. 
					
					we need the measurements for the custom and piantedosi wooden tracks as shown in this chart.
					
 
					measurement example chart - measurement should be taken from start gate looking toward finish line.
					

					send us an email for more information.
					
					

					view our prices on our easy to read pricelist. 


pricing





 
 







timer cases.

keep everything safe and sound with a case for your timer! 

store equipment in one place, keep it safe and looking new for years.

extra tall case fits smartline ii and champ timers.

more details






 
 







utility software

			
			free! smartline's utility software "linesetup4.exe". 
					
			linesetup4 utility program provides easy access to timer settings and to functionality testing. 
			it's not a driver for the timer.  
			see details of it's use and download the single file program, "linesetup4.exe", on the linesetup4 page.

download





customer service

			have a question about the timer? 
			visit the faq page.


			send a message through email to nfritz@etekgadget.com


chat with us! 
			smartline's facebook page for a quick response to your questions.
    		
			







repair service

              send your timer back to us to have it repaired.  
              we can repair it for a fraction of the cost of a new timer.  
              most likely we can repair it for many more years of service.
			  we can repair smartline timers and besttrack® champ double sided timers.
              depending on the size and type of timer the repair fee will be anywhere from $119 to $199.
			  view more details on our repair page.
              send us a request through email describing your problem and we will offer the best solution.  
			  a picture of your timer would be helpful.
            

request a repair



 
 







instructional videos
watch our instructional videos that show you how to test the start gate cable and 
				how to set the sensors for the space derby. 

see videos





documentation

				we provide instruction manuals on how to set up the timer, 
				communicate with the timer from programs you write, install a timer on a new track when there are no holes drilled 
				and information about the usb converters on the manuals page.
			  
				click on the button below to go to the manuals page.  you can download any manual or drivers for the usb to serial converters there. 
			  

manuals





community forums
informational sites and forums to help you find answers to your race questions. 
helpful links
abc pinewood derby® - “how to” guide to the pinewood derby® car. 



 
 



display options

          3 styles of displays - 6 options to choose from
single or double sided of each style of display
          hover mouse over image to activate display.
        







placement only






(p2t2) placement & time









easy to order with paypal





			safe. secure. easy.  no need to have a paypal account. 
			go to product page, select options and add to cart.
			buy now






 
 
 










alternating time and place display

×





notice the time display shows 4 decimals. 
              single or double sided alternating time and place. 



hover over to see 360 view of alternating time and place. 



close











time and place display

×





single or double sided placement-time is now shown on both sides of double sided display.



close











placement only displays

×




single or double sided placement. 


close











measurement from start looking toward finish image

×




total width
 left to center of lane 1
 ... to center of lane 2
 ... and so on.  do this for the rest of your lanes.




close











usb and serial version of timer - connector images

×





usb version


serial version


close










back to top








resources

faqs
timer manuals
tracks
helpful links
"how to" videos





contact info

 mon - fri · 9:00am - 5:00pm
 (845) 229-5189
 nfritz@etekgadget.com 
 manufacturer of the besttrack® champ timer double sided electronics and smartline timer
 smartline's facebook page 










          © 2004-2022 etekgadget · all rights reserved · privacy

icons made by freepik from www.flaticon.com is licensed by cc 3.0 by
















