




texas voice center









  


 

 

 
 












 













 



   













 






hearing: texas center for hearing aids 
mychart 


 
put your best voice forward
it has been stated that “sounding good is as important as looking good.” whether you’re a young or mature person, whether you use your voice professionally or not, your voice plays a vital role in the way others perceive you. in our society, a deep voice can convey strength and authority whereas a weak voice may suggest a lack of self-confidence. the specialists at the texas voice center have a way to help you “put your best voice forward.”
dr. richard stasney, otolaryngologist, founded the texas voice center in 1989 and retired at the end of 2016. he is greatly missed at the practice but the legacy of the highest quality and compassionate patient care continue under the direction of otolaryngolotist dr. apurva thekdi who worked with dr. stasney for 9 years prior to his retirement. 
is your voice keeping you secluded? 
 our bodies change as we age and subsequently, so can our voices. the voice can begin to sound weak, hoarse or even raspy. patients often complain that they can’t be heard over the phone or in restaurants and other social gatherings. they begin to feel isolated because of their voice. 
a 70-year-old male pastor reported that his voice faded and became hoarse and raspy. 
 “when you make your living talking, you have to be able to talk.” (click to hear voice before surgery)
 after injecting fat into his vocal folds, he was able to return to his ministry with an improved voice. (click to hear voice after surgery)
is your voice keeping you from the things you enjoy?
 all voice problems should be evaluated. most voice disorders can be treated; either medically, surgically or with therapy. one disorder that goes untreated for many years, even after seeing many specialists, is spasmodic dysphonia. we often hear “i was told there was nothing wrong with me, that i should see a psychiatrist”. these patients sound as if they are crying or being strangled. they are unable to project their voice or use the phone. (click to hear a spasmodic dysphonia voice). to hear the effect of this and other disorders before and after treatment, browse through our website.
 

 


 
 
 
 


 
smith 
      tower office
6550 
      fannin street
      suite 1723
      houston, texas 77030
      713-796-2181
      fax: 713-796-2349

about 
        us | doctors 
        | professional 
        voice care 
        | disease 
        of the larynx 
        | speech 
        services | hearing services
 
        | disorders 
        of the voice 
        | vocal 
        health advice 
        | contact 
        us | appointments
        | patient portal

 




 
 
 




 


 

© 2002 
      texas voice center 



 



 

