











shark cage dive south africa | great white shark tours™


























































 send whatsapp message





 














 













home the boatthe tripfaqgalleriesshark factspricingvideoscontact 
 
 






















what can i expect to see on my shark diving trip?we are fortunate to encounter sporadic great white sharks, copper sharks and even stingrays on our trips.











shark cage diving in south africa by great white shark tours
we invite you to join us onboard our boat, apex predator, for the ultimate shark cage diving and surface viewing adventure tour in south africa.
gansbaai is known as the great white shark capital of the world and is only a two-and-a-half hour scenic drive from cape town. it is here that great white shark tours will make your dreams come true! the experienced crew will share their vast knowledge of the water world where they operate when they take you to view sharks from the surface or underwater from a cage. this marine wonderland is the closest place in the world where you can safely see these apex predators in their natural environment.
our boat launches from kleinbaai, only 12km from the coastal fishing village of gansbaai, on an exhilarating 20-minute boat ride to where we will start looking for our first sharks. during the summer months, the sharks keep closer to shore and during winter they move to shark alley, a nearby channel created by two islands. dyer island with its critically endangered african penguins and migrating bird colonies and geyser rock with its resident colony of 60 000 cape fur seals. this is great white shark diving with added value!
depending on the weather, our boat departs every day of the year and offers fantastic value-for-money shark cage diving and surface-viewing adventure trips.when looking for shark cage diving trips in south africa, book with a licensed shark cage operator and you will be sure to create memories to last a lifetime! 




 







our shark trip rates
adultsr2695.00 per person
children under 12r1815.00 per person
exclusive charters for those wishing privacy.rates exclude transport.
 


 
 
 











google map pin
 
click here - google pin / marker





make a booking

click here to make a booking





shark specials

click here for specials









shark video clips

click here - for our youtube videos





shark dive prices

click here for more prices





daily shark diving blogs

click here - for all our daily blogs




























 
 
























 
 












     








about


shark blog /articlesshark dive boat the trip about usquick trip infoweather gansbaaishark dive reviewsblog 




information


testimonialsdaily shark diving blogspecialsshark diving pricesshark bookingsgreat white shark infonewslettersmergulho em jaulas de tubarão 




quick menu


mapdirectionswindfinder weathershark video clipsexternal linksbacklinkssitemapterms & conditions 




contact details

no. 8 swart street, kleinbaai, gansbaai, south africa<
gps: 34° 36'52"s - 19º 21'18"e
phone: +27 (0) 28 384 1418
mobile: +27 (0) 83 300 2138
e-mail:  brian@sharkcagediving
 








copyright © 2025 your company. maintenance / marketing / web development and design by jaydee media.

 




