



























coastal observer




















































log in


search





coastal observer





tuesday february 18, 2025







home
subscribe
photos
events
archives
obituaries
send a letter
classifieds
ad specs
contact us
 









 




											roads: study will put improvements for 17-707 intersection on fast track										
a $1.5 million study this year will examine solutions to the failing intersection at bypass 17 and highway 707 using a program that is intended to fast track projects. the work was added recently...read more












the week’s top stories




pawleys island: variance allows old house to straddle new beachfront lots
the owner of a pawleys island house that dates to 1939 will have to preserve the structure for at least 10 years in exchange for a variance that will allow it to encroach on...read more




education: snow’s disruption continues as district searches for make-up days
it is back to the drawing board for the georgetown county school district after the school board voted down a proposal to make up days missed during january’s snowstorm. scott batton, the district’s executive...read more




roads: former administrator on track for seat on dot commission
the former georgetown county administrator is on track to get a seat on the state department of transportation commission. sel hemingway was one of two new commission members and two returning members at a...read more


 

georgetown: clemson students present their ideas for port redevelopment
in the dead of winter, with its paper mill closed for good and its steel mill sitting idle, there were signs of green shoots that could one day emerge along the georgetown waterfront from...read more





 

georgetown county: growing surplus seen as sign of financial strength
georgetown county continues to save money for a rainy day, like the ones that come with hurricanes. the surplus in the county’s general fund increased by $5 million last year, according to an annual...read more





safety: winter wonderland comes with challenges for responders
working in a coastal community, emergency management officials and first responders in georgetown county know how to prepare for a hurricane. but a snowstorm? the preparations are basically the same according to brandon ellis,...read more




pawleys island: town takes first step toward acquiring three easements for beach project
the town of pawleys island is moving forward with plans to obtain easements from three beachfront property owners for a federal beach renourishment project. town council recently approved a contract to get the three...read more




churches: st. paul’s sees growth after departure from united methodists
six months after it left the united methodist church, st. paul’s waccamaw is thriving. membership has grown so much that there are now three services every sunday: two traditional and one modern. “i think...read more




pawleys island: town drainage study provides model for a wetter future
the engineers knew that pawleys island had a problem with flooding, otherwise they would not have been there. what surprised them, they said, was how much the water rises over the town’s streets. “the...read more




land use: clemson design center explores new uses for georgetown port
generations of residents have been separated from the georgetown waterfront by commercial and industrial uses along the sampit river. a group of architecture students from clemson university have come up with ideas for reclaiming...read more




georgetown county: new council chairman says his focus in on zoning update
clint elliott took over as chairman of georgetown county council last week saying he wants the ability to direct the agenda to focus on issues such as the update of the zoning ordinance. he...read more











the week’s featured stories


georgetown county: reassessment math: as property values soar, tax rate will fall
even people who have not bought or sold property in the last five years have a pretty good idea how real estate prices have increased on the waccamaw neck. this year, that will be...read more





business news


observer staff wins 15 state press awards
the coastal observer staff received 15 awards for reporting, writing, photography and design, in the s.c. press association’s annual news contest.  the paper won first place for general excellence among the state’s medium-sized weeklies....read more









local events




meetings
georgetown county board of education: first and third tuesdays, 5:30 p.m., beck education center. for details, go to gcsd.k12.sc.us.
georgetown county council: second and fourth tuesdays, 5:30 p.m., council chambers, 129 screven st., georgetown. for details, go to georgetowncountysc.org.

pawleys island town council: second mondays, 5 p.m. town hall, 323 myrtle ave. for details, go to townofpawleysisland.com.

  , .
read more




churches
read more











 





 















home
subscribe
photos
events
archives
obituaries
send a letter
classifieds
ad specs
contact us
 




						phone: 843.237.8438

p.o. box 1170, pawleys island, south carolina 29585
97 commerce drive, pawleys island














