



broken saddle riding company










broken saddle riding company
broken saddle is open all year round and offers rides on smooth-riding tennessee walkers and missouri fox-trotters through the scenic cerrillos hills state park.

more info




broken saddle




about
rates
faq
directions
photos
contact us



facebook
yelp
trip advisor
call







open year 'round
the broken saddle riding company offers the best horseback riding available in santa fe, new mexico. 
                                        
we ride through the scenic hills and high desert ranch from the historic mining town of cerrillos, new mexico. rides include spectacular 360 views of all area mountain ranges. 

trips can include the madrid overlook, la bajada overlook, devil's canyon, crooked hat canyon, elkins canyon, cash entry mine, grand central silver mine, franklin ridge and miner's trail. 

riders of all skill levels will appreciate our smooth riding gaited horses. all of our horses are registered missouri foxtrotters and tennessee walkers. able riders may trot, canter, or gallop.




back to top


trip rates
group rides


ridelengthrate ($5 more per person if paying with credit card)

morning and afternoon1 1/4 hour$70 pp +tax
morning and afternoon2 hours$90 pp +tax
morning and afternoon3 hours$120 pp +tax
sunset1 1/4 hours$80 pp +tax
sunset/moonlight2 hours$115 pp +tax

call for reservations
office: (505) 424 - 7774
cell: (505) 470 - 0074
private rides
private rides are available.   please call for seasonal rates.



back to top


faq

what time are your rides?
ride times are seasonal. weather permitting, we offer morning, afternoon, sunset and moonlight rides. all rides are by appointment. both private and group rides are offered.
are there size or weight restrictions?
yes. we try to match the rider to the horse and the group. all riders must provide their height, weight and skill level at the time of booking. weight limits vary depending on horse availability. we cannot accommodate riders who weigh more than 210 pounds.
do i have to be an experienced rider?

no, but group rides are booked by skill level and beginning level riders will not be placed on intermediate or experienced level rides.

what time should i show up for my ride?

30 minutes before your ride. during this time you will be asked to review and sign the waiver and optional helmet waiver.




should i wear a helmet?

broken saddle provides helmets for all riders. if you elect not to wear a helmet, you must sign a helmet waiver.

how big are your groups?

5 riders per wrangler.

will you take children?

we will take children who are 10 or older. riders must also be at least 4 feet 7 inches tall.

may i bring a camera?

our rides are beautiful and we encourage people to bring small point and shoot type cameras that can be easily carried in one of our saddle bags. we discourage large expensive cameras that can get in the way and or be damaged.

what should i wear?

layers are usually a good idea in the cooler months. if you wear a hat make sure it fits so that it will not fall off. never wear shorts. boots are fine but sneakers work great too. no one will be permitted to ride in sandals.





back to top


directions
the broken saddle riding company is located in the village of cerrillos off highway 14, also known as the turquoise trail. 
for gps use our physical address: 26 county road 59a, cerrillos, nm 87010
click here for directions from google maps


from santa fe

from exit 278a at i-25 take highway 14 south sixteen miles.
turn right into the "cerrillos historic district."
at the first intersection turn right, cross the railroad tracks and continue for a quarter of a mile.
take the right fork in the road then turn left immediately into a gravel parking area in front of the broken saddle corral.




from albuquerque (scenic route):

from the intersection of i-25 and i-40 take i-40 east out of albuquerque.
take exit 175 (tijeras/cedar crest) to route 14 north (aka the turquoise trail).
follow route 14 north through the towns of cedar crest, golden and madrid. the cerrillos turn-off is 37 miles north from i-40.
about 2.5 to 3 miles past madrid you will see a sign for "cerrillos". turn left into cerrillos.
at the first intersection turn right, cross the railroad tracks and continue for a quarter of a mile.
take the right fork in the road to the broken saddle entrance.

from albuquerque (via i-25):

take i-25 north out of albuquerque.
take exit 271 (la cienega).
turn right from the exit and take frontage road south to county road 45.
turn left onto county road 45 and take it to highway 14.
turn right (south) onto highway 14 and take highway 14 for approximately 6 miles.
turn right into the "cerrillos historic district."
at the first intersection turn right, cross the railroad tracks and continue for a quarter of a mile.
take the right fork in the road to the broken saddle entrance.




back to top


photos




































notable visitors

























back to top


contact us

call us at (505) 424 - 7774 or (505) 470 - 0074 (cell) for reservations and for information regarding our rides.
postal mail can be sent to p.o. box 286, cerrillos, nm 87010






address
26 vicksville rd
								 los cerrillos, nm 87010


phone
office: (505) 424-7774 
  cell: (505) 470 - 0074



facebook
yelp
trip advisor
call






© broken saddle riding companydesign: html5 up










