






 



cleaning & restoration franchise opportunities




















































































skip to content



1-800-251-70701585 barclay blvd.  buffalo grove, il 60089facebook page opens in new window


duraclean
just another wordpress site

home about franchise informationopportunity training forever support franchise re-sale opportunities  news servicesresidential servicescarpet cleaning dryer vent cleaning duct cleaning tile and grout cleaning upholstery cleaning sanitizing  commercialcarpet cleaning dryer vent cleaning duct cleaning tile and grout cleaning upholstery cleaning sanitizing  restorationbiohazard cleaning fire restoration water damage mold remediation hoarding clean-up animal infestation/odor abatement   contact 
request info



 
home about franchise informationopportunity training forever support franchise re-sale opportunities  news servicesresidential servicescarpet cleaning dryer vent cleaning duct cleaning tile and grout cleaning upholstery cleaning sanitizing  commercialcarpet cleaning dryer vent cleaning duct cleaning tile and grout cleaning upholstery cleaning sanitizing  restorationbiohazard cleaning fire restoration water damage mold remediation hoarding clean-up animal infestation/odor abatement   contact 









request info 
							make your dreams come true with a duraclean franchise 
							it’s all possible with the duraclean franchise system 
							


 


celebrating 90+ yearsof exceeding expectations! 
							
 












“dare to live the life you have dreamed for yourself. go forward and make your dreams come true.”emerson


have you ever dreamt about being the captain of your own ship, able to control your own destiny?
the secret to bringing your dreams to reality is the action plan you follow. duraclean has a rich history of creating plans that fit the individual and then providing a detailed support schedule to assist him or her to reach those dreams.
 
why would you settle for less, when you can have so much more?
duraclean gives you so much more; more services, more support, more marketing area, more business tools.


every new duraclean cleaning & restoration franchise begins with:




7 potential revenue producing services




all expenses paid for training at corporate headquarters




additional training in their marketing area




marketing area based with the most attractive demographics and market size in the industry




24/7/365 availability for support


in the beginning, you will receive a complete business website which will be hosted and optimized at no additional cost to you. you will also be set up with duraclean’s business software and a $500.00 certificate to have your service vehicle professionally decaled according to duraclean standards.
duraclean not only gives you the tools to use, but it also assists you in getting started from day one.


request additional info





“don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.”john d. rockefelleropportunitytrainingsupportcommitted to quality. committed to you.duraclean provides the following services:upholstery cleaningour professionals are experts at selecting the correct upholstery cleaning system for particular fabric types and soil conditions.
carpet cleaningwe offer cleaning and sanitizing services along with durashield®, a carpet protectant. the duraclean cleaning system guarantees no residue with a quick drying time.
duct cleaningour goal is to remove all the dirt and dust. the general duct system and abatement portable vac systems are among the most powerful available in the air duct cleaning industry.
tile and grout cleaninghaving duraclean apply a sealant will help create a protective barrier giving you more time to clean up a spill before it absorbs it.
dryer vent cleaningdryer vent cleaning is an important part of your home maintenance that should be done once a year. cleaning the dryer vent will also extended the life of the machine and lessen drying time.
water damage mitigationfrom a broken pipe to appliance malfunction, duraclean will dry, disinfect the affected areas. emergency services are available 24/7
fire restorationemergency situations require immediate attention to minimize damage. duraclean specializes in disaster restoration, we are available 24/7 to clean up an emergency.
mold remediationour trained professionals will discretely secure the affected area and provide the necessary service to reduce the contaminated area to safe levels within the structure.
biohazard cleaningduraclean is referred by first responders, funeral homes, morticians and coroners for all blood-borne pathogen clean-up jobs.
sanitizingour healthy indoor environment protocols include: sanitizing services, proactive cleaning of touch points, fogging application of epa registered disinfectant as well as cleaning after a covid-19 positive result.
the duraclean focus | achieving successget there, from here!we want you to be able to make a fact-based, informed decision regarding the duraclean franchise opportunity.
request info










franchise information franchise franchise re-sale opportunities request info contactresidential carpet cleaning duct cleaning dryer vent cleaning sanitizing upholstery cleaning tile and grout cleaningcommercial carpet cleaning dryer vent cleaning duct cleaning tile and grout cleaning upholstery cleaning sanitizingrestoration animal infestation/odor abatement biohazard cleaning fire restoration hoarding clean-up mold remediation water damage 








 2025 duraclean corporation | all rights reserved.
                

designed by: epic media inc.








go to top










			close		


font resize

a-
a+



clear cookies




		close
	




accessibility by wah






























































