




garden valley properties - idaho mountain living and more! 















































contact us
208-462-4620



find real estate

office listingssearch entire mlsnewly listed properitesboise properties



buyers

relocatingbuyer help



sellers

seller helpmarket analysisreports



contact

contact usour blogour agents & staffour missionsatisfied clients


 


 ≡ menu

home page
home & cabin listings
land listings
commercial listings
mls search all areas
our staff
satisfied clients
local businesses
cabin rentals








your property search starts here
or click here to contact your personal agent






select city:
banks
boise
centerville
garden valley
horseshoe bend
idaho city
lowman




any beds
1+
2+
3+
4+
5+
6+




any baths
1+
1 1/2+
1 3/4+
2+
2 1/2+
3+
3 1/2+
4+
 

 

 










discover why idaho loves to live, work and play here in beautiful garden valley, idaho!
our idaho mountain communities


horseshoe bend



horseshoe bend
under 300k
300k - 400k
400k - 500k
500k - 700k
 700k+


horseshoe bend idaho real estate
horseshoe bend is the largest city in rural boise county. rolling hills and open farm land make this town the perfect escape from the city life. work in the valley and live in the mountains. 20 minutes from eagle, quick access to the black canyon reservoir and a k-12 school.




garden valley



garden valley
under 300k
300k - 400k
400k - 500k
500k - 700k
 700k+


garden valley idaho real estate
a beautiful valley, filled with stunning views and all the conveniences of a small town. garden valley hosts a k-12 school system, community library and a (full size) market. whether you like to golf, hunt, or raft, the recreation opportunities are endless!




lowman



lowman
under 300k
300k - 400k
400k - 500k
500k - 700k
 700k+


lowman idaho real estate
only 30 minutes from garden valley, lowman is at the junction with the banks-lowman highway and state highway 21. home to a "functioning" one room schoolhouse and some of the most popular hot springs in the state.




idaho city



idaho city
under 300k
300k - 400k
400k - 500k
500k - 700k
 700k+


idaho city real estate
idaho city is the county seat for boise county and holds some of the most charming mountain towns in idaho! the short drive to boise makes for an easy commute or quick family getaway. residents here enjoy wide open spaces decorated by the beauty of nature!




see all communities



buying real estate?
the purchase of a home or property is one of the biggest decisions you can make. make it with confidence knowing you're working with a team of experienced idaho real estate professionals.
buyer help


how much
can you buy?


considering selling?
there's no doubt - the real estate market in idaho moves fast! you want to get it sold quickly, but you have to make sure you get the most for your return - our team of idaho mountain agents can help!


seller help


free property
value report!



boise county homes for sale
163 lane din garden valley14 shadow ridge dr.in garden valley26 sky ridge drin garden valley12 open roadin garden valley188 southfork rdin garden valley15 crossbow roadin garden valley9 crick rdin garden valley14 shadow ridge dr.in garden valley



see all homes


boise county land for sale
tbd lot 53 castle mountain drin garden valleylot 85 happy hollow drin garden valleylot 21 wapiti ctin garden valleytbd veterinary wayin garden valleylot 6 bobcat courtin garden valleytbd granite basin rdin garden valleytbd old hwy 55 lot 3in horseshoe bendtbd w valley view drin horseshoe bend



see all land



garden valley properties' agents


james jardinebroker



kathleen vaughan



julie leslie



toni palmiotto



kraig wees



marissa sevilla



dani welsh



lisa willey



danielle coats


what our clients are saying

we'll miss you liz
listed, sold and closed within 21 days for 99% of the asking price! this post is going to be a little different than our usual “sold” announcements. i’ve worked at gvp off and on for 18 years (admin) and this was our home for the past 20 years.  working for a real estate brokerage gives an inside perspective as to what gvp’s agents do for their clients on a daily basis.  because of today’s technology, agents are on call 24/7.  from emails, zoom meetings, texts and phone calls these ladies work long hours for their clients. recessions and pandemics don’t stop them, grumpy clients are soothed, schedules are rearranged to accommodate clients, hiking through 8 lots on a 95 degree day keeps them smiling....nothing stops these agents! gvp agents are simply the best! i am proud and honored to have worked with jim, julie, kathy, toni, lisa, marissa, diane, tami and tracey. i love you all and will miss our time together.  my name is liz and i support this message!
 - liz pabst





see the latest
garden valley real estate info!

idaho's mountain communities are known for their peace and quiet, but the real estate market is always moving!
we've prepared up-to-date information to keep you informed - see the latest market statistics right here!


garden valleyhorseshoe bendlowman



garden valley properties blog


pre-planning is key! get ready to sell this spring!
spring is the prime time to sell your home!  with buyer activity at its peak, you'll be positioned to sell quickly and for the best possible price.  if you're considering a move, now's the perfect opportunity to capitalize on this increased demand. but it's still freeezing you say! yes, it is. and that's why it's important to get a head start - it won't be cold forever!spring is just around the corner, so let's get your home ready to shine! you have a couple of months to prepare, which is a great window of opportunity to strategically enhance your property.  make the most of this time!this spring, strategic home improvements will make a significant difference! so, you can't start too early.while the market is seeing more homes available, buyers are also becoming more discerning. this means that thoughtful upgrades can truly set your property apart.  many homeowners are already taking proactive steps to prepare.  as noted in the 2025 outlook for home remodeling from harvard university's joint center for housing studies, homeowners are actively expanding their remodeling projects, often focusing on key areas like water heaters, hvac systems, and flooring, with an emphasis on energy efficiency.let's focus on what truly matters to buyers in your area!  while it's inspiring to see what others are doing, we'll tailor our approach to your specific home and market.  we'll prioritize impactful projects that can be efficiently completed within your time frame, while also addressing any key repairs that could be a concern for potential buyers.  even those larger projects, like a new roof or updated flooring, can offer excellent returns on investment, especially when we prioritize those with the highest return on investment.other than starting to plan early, partnering with a local real estate expert like one of our team, is crucial for making the most of your preparations.  we possess invaluable insights into what idaho buyers are looking for in your area.  as bankrate wisely suggests, "as a seller, it's smart to be prepared and control whatever factors you're able to. things like hiring a great real estate agent and maximizing your home's online appeal can translate into a smoother sale — and more money in the bank."it's the ideal time to connect with us at garden valley properties!  starting now allows us to thoughtfully plan your improvements, secure contractors if needed, and ensure everything is completed without feeling rushed.  don't wait until spring to get started!  by acting now, your home will be perfectly positioned to attract buyers and stand out from the competition.


read more...






garden valley properties

539 s. middle fork road  garden valley, id 83622
ph: 208-462-4620 | fax: 
boise county homes | boise county cabins | boise county land














office listings • 
	
	
	search entire mls • 
	
	
	newly listed properites • 
	
	
	boise properties • 
	
	
	relocating • 
	
	
	buyer help • 
	
	
	seller help • 
	
	
	market analysis • 
	
	
	reports • 
	
	
	contact us • 
	
	
	our blog • 
	
	
	our agents & staff • 
	
	
	our mission • 
	
	
	satisfied clients 

 




		
  	  press ctrl + d to bookmark this page
		

	
    
    
    






web accessibility help
visually impaired

physical difficulty

audio impaired


if you have trouble seeing web pages, the us social security administration offers these tips for optimizing your computer and browser to improve your online experience.


use the keyboard to navigate screens
increase text size
magnify your screen
change background and text colors


if you find a keyboard or mouse difficult to use, speech recognition software such as dragon naturallyspeaking may help you navigate web pages and online services. this software allows the user to move focus around a web page or application screen through voice controls.
if you are deaf or hard of hearing, there are several accessibility features available to you.


transcripts
a text transcript is a text equivalent of audio information that includes spoken words and non-spoken sounds such as sound effects. nar is working on adding transcripts to all scripted video and audio content.


captioning
a caption is transcript for the audio track of a video presentation that is synchronized with the video and audio tracks. captions are generally rendered visually by being superimposed over the video, which benefits people who are deaf and hard-of-hearing, and anyone who cannot hear the audio (e.g., when in a crowded room). most of nar's video content includes captions. learn how to turn captioning on and off in youtube.


volume controls
your computer, tablet, or mobile device has volume control features. each video and audio service has its own additional volume controls. try adjusting both your device's volume controls and your media players' volume controls to optimize your listening experience.








member agents













