










home - beaverton area chamber of commerce




























































 
 
















skip to content



















































 
meet bacc business directory digital guides about us board of directors staff testimonials meet me in beaverton blog wisdom from our members blogbusiness resources bacc internships job postings hot deals impact beaverton new business resources certificate of origin member to member dealsevents/committees ambassadors business advocacy council business after hours calendar coffee connection community expo education evolving leaders golf committee golf outing luncheons member mentors movers of mountains gala restaurant week ribbon cuttings women in businessleadership beaverton about leadership beaverton leadership beaverton class of 2024 class project leadership beaverton board of directors current class news alumnibeaverton city overview city & development codes land use & zoning maps permits & licenses history educationjoin today member application membership benefits marketing opportunities








 







 





welcome to the






beaverton area chamber of commerce









facebook





instagram





linkedin


















calendar


event calendar 
 














calendar


join today 
 
















calendar


business directory 
 














calendar


member login 
 





















the beaverton area chamber of commerce promotes a vibrant community and business environment by leading business development and retention, advocating sound public policy and providing strategic member services.

















become a member






the chamber puts our partners in the spotlight. from sharing your news, to promoting your events, to posting special offers, the chamber helps our partners amplify their message to the business community and visitors to our area.







learn more


















member testimonials

 




the beaverton area chamber of commerce is a powerful resource for its chamber members.  they are a passionate supporter and advocate for our beaverton area businesses, entrepreneurs, and community.   from their advocacy on a state level, the many diverse committees, and fun engaging events there is a place for everyone to be involved, participate, and build real relationships in business and beyond.  i know firsthand the positive impact being a member of the beaverton chamber has made on my own personal business.  as a realtor®, relationships are an essential component of building my business and being successful; the bacc has allowed me to connect and be active in my community in a way that wouldn't be possible without them.  if you aren't a member yet… you really should consider joining.  i love my chamber membership!

donna meeuwsen
realtor® topography team brokered by exp realty, llc








there is no more vital way to engage in the local economy in our community than through the chamber. the beaverton area chamber of commerce helps local businesses grow, thrive and stay connected. whether you are building your business, honing your skills, wanting to meet other local business leaders or just needing help staying informed on legislative or local political decisions impacting businesses, the chamber has something for you. the act of working together in our community helps to build a vibrant, diverse and economically viable community for us all to enjoy. investing in the chamber pays long lasting dividends that can't be matched when it comes to supporting our community, local businesses and the employees and that drive them.

stephen smelley
founder/ceo, goldfinch consulting








i have been a member of the beaverton chamber since 2011 and it has been a great way to meet local business owners and stay connected to the beaverton community and what's going on in beaverton.  i enjoy going to the various events put on by the beaverton chamber and have built some great friendships with other individuals in the chamber.  i feel like it helps legitimize my business within the community and has helped my business get recognition and growth within the local community.

jeff walsh
meridian insurance group








this past week has been a whirlwind of activity - of the good kind - that stemmed from my participation in the group coffee connect, as a part of the beaverton area chamber of commerce. one of the best parts is hearing that my efforts to connect are working. when you work alone in your "department" it is sometimes hard to gauge how far along you are in bridge building and relationship making. i love beaverton and this area. i love all of my franchises of two men and a truck. and those who know me, know that i love building bridges.if you are in a position to join your local chamber of commerce, do it. there usually are levels of membership, suitable for any budget, any business. the connections are priceless, both business and personal.

two men and a truck








i have personally and professionally benefited greatly from being a member of the beaverton area chamber for over a decade. the beaverton area chamber has allowed me to create relationships within the community that would otherwise have been close to impossible. this chamber provides information that may affect local businesses, and overall commerce while creating a platform for the community to have a voice within our local, state, and at times, national government.  some may think that chambers are just good for networking, and this one is! however, i have found that my investment in the beaverton area chamber goes much further.

ali kavianian, cfp®
private wealth manager, churchill management group








the beaverton chamber of commerce is a worthwhile investment for any business owner. whether you are starting a business, need a boost or are stretching your existing business potential, the beaverton chamber of commerce is a must have in your tool box of marketing and networking.

rachel harvey
minuteman mortgage



 

















explore the area





















                                restaurants & catering                            














                                events                            














                                associations & nonprofits                            














                                entertainment                            














                                fitness                            














                                retail                            















welcome new members!






















view directory











see winter digital guide





















mark your calendar














see calendar


















we thank our visionary partners















                                ava                            












                                business coach                            












                                central bethany                            












                                city of beaverton                            












                                explore tualatin valley                            












                                florian raqueño                            












                                glorie cookies                            












                                jmi limo                            












                                lanphere                            












                                madden industrial                            












                                marsh mclennan agency                            












                                jmi insurance                            












                                nw natural                            












                                umpqua bank                            












                                vibrant table                            












                                vitalize                            












                                wells fargo                            





next
previous












2025 sponsorship opportunities



 








 












© 2025 beaverton area chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












beaverton area chamber of commerce













(503) 644-0123 














12600 sw crescent st, suite 160 | beaverton, oregon 97005 














info@beaverton.org 










facebook





instagram





linkedin




























 © 2025 beaverton area chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved. 








 
scroll to top




















