








the black watch (royal highland regiment) of canada






















































homecomponentsassociations/branchesalbertaatlanticmontrealnew brunswickpacifictorontoupper canadaweb conferencecadetsbishop's collegeblack watchfulton memorial fundking's-edgehillarmy reservehow to joinregt'l foundationheritage & historyregimental factsa brief historyregular forcemuseum & archivesregimental archivesregimental museumlineage chartvideo channelreg force scrapbooks1st battalion in wwiithe regular battalionscommunicationsevents calendarcanada's red hacklemeet & greetfaqsweb linksnews of interestlive news feedsblack watch photoscontact us 









support | our effortsmeet | & greet 













home



feb
18


tuesday















the black watch is the oldest highland regiment in canada. volunteers have served since the regiment's inception in montreal on january 31st, 1862 as the 5th battalion, volunteer militia rifles of canada. the rise of american military strength during the civil war concerned canada. the government authorized formation of militia regiments. each of six montreal scottish chieftains responded by raising an infantry company for the 5th battalion. eventually, eight companies were raised for border service. since then, thousands of canadian citizens have served in the black watch.  in addition to canadian border security, they have fought in the boer war, ww1, ww2, korean war; bolstered nato operations in europe and un peacekeeping worldwide; and provided aid-to-the-civil-power, most recently during the quebec and eastern ontario ice storm disaster.
we hope you enjoy your visit.
 









 






















 


 






this site is the property of the rhc inc. this site is not an official site of the minister of national defence and canadian forces.
 
ce site est la propriété du quartier-général du black watch (royal highland regiment) of canada.ce site n'est pas un site officiel du ministère de la défense nationale et des forces canadiennes. 

social meda links













upcoming events
no events



latest news



			veterans’ parade returns to sainte-anne-de-bellevue



			journal servir



			twba red hackle dinner 2020



			return to mons 2018



			black watch military tattoo

 

faqs
do you have a question that needs answering? use our search field above or refer to our faq section. 

 




mailing list
 








join us
 















					veterans’ parade returns to sainte-anne-de-bellevue			





november 3, 2024
 

citizens, legion members, merchants and veterans gathered on a recent remembrance sunday to commemorate those who fought for freedom. as tensions across the world escalate, their minds are also with those on the ground right now, and those caught in the middle. global’s matilda cerone has the story here.



 





					journal servir			





here are the last 5 issues of journal servir with articles about the regiment.


servir - vol. 29/no 13 – december 8, 2023 by journal servir newspaper - issuu


servir - vol. 30/no 03 – march 20, 2024 by journal servir newspaper - issuu


servir – vol. 30/no 07 – july 17, 2024 by journal servir newspaper - issuu


servir – vol. 30/no 08 – august 21, 2024 by journal servir newspaper - issuu


servir – vol. 30/no 10 – october 23, 2024 by journal servir newspaper - issuu




 









 














our location
 2067 bleury street montreal, qc h3a 2k2 ( t ) 514.496.1686( f ) 514.496.2758( e ) contact 














home





















