









best western royal palace inn and suites los angeles hotel | hotel near ulca






















best western royal palace inn and suites



(310) 477-9066 | contact & directions





make a reservation:













book now! 






book now!


home
accommodations

guest reviews
special offers
ada amenities


amenities
visiting la

event calendar


meetings
photos
ucla


















the hotel is centrally located to all tourist spots in la


beverly hills and rodeo drive is located 3 miles from hotel.


santa monica beaches are located 4 miles from hotel.


santa monica pier is located 4 miles from hotel.


santa monica pier is located 4 miles from hotel.


3rd st. promenade in santa monica is located 4 miles from hotel.


the getty museum is located 5 miles from hotel.



prev
next





the best western royal palace inn & suites is located just 2 miles from ucla and century city!






guest rooms & suites
our king guest room includes a pillowtop mattress, fridge, microwave, and more!
more 







superior amenities
enjoy our dry sauna room or relax in our outdoor hot tub & pool.
more 







groups & meetings
flexible meeting space, host up to 35 guests with theater-style seating.
more 







our neighborhood
located just minutes from famous la beaches and attractions.
more 







the choice for los angeles ca hotels...
when visiting los angeles, make the best western royal palace inn and suites your vacation and business headquarters. the hotel is located 2 miles from ucla and century city and just 4 miles from the santa monica and venice beaches, beverly hills, rodeo drive, marina del rey and the getty museum.
we are 3 diamond rated by aaa and offer a complimentary breakfast, free local calls and 800 number access. all rooms have a microwave, refrigerator, coffee maker, iron and ironing board and cable tv with over 60 channels.
the hotel has an outdoor pool, hot tub, billiards room, exercise room, dry sauna, guest laundry and a conference room.
the best western royal palace inn and suites will offer you value, comfort, convenience, special rooms and numerous amenities during your stay.


what's nearby/things to do:

centrally located










reviews
specials
area guide





 


“would stay here again”
stayed here for 3 nights the first time i was in la. staff were friendly, breakfast was fantastic and the room was lovely. the valet parking is a nice touch. brilliant price for a brilliant stay. location was great. was picked up at the door for my tours...
more 







 


specials and exclusive offers
more information is coming soon.
more 







 


explore los angeles
more information is coming soon.
more 























best western royal palace inn & suites

	2528 s sepulveda boulevard • los angeles, california 90064
	phone: (310) 477-9066 • fax: (310) 478-4133
	toll free: (800) 251-3888 website & marketing by l.e.t. group
website design copyright © 2025, l.e.t. group, inc. all rights reserved.
"each best western branded hotel is independently owned and operated.

 
© 2015 best western international, inc. all rights reserved. 

























 




 
 tuesday february 18, 2025
 




