






maureen o'hara magazine



                                                              
         


 cover design by danny beck  - see his website for art
                                portfolio and résumé - 
 editor:         june     parker       beck


f a n      w  e  b  s  i  t  e

since ms. o'hara's retirement, this website is no longer officially endorsed by her or her management.

it will continue to be maintained by myself, as one of her most devoted fans.
maureen o'hara magazine is a copyright presentation.

photos and text   in  any   area   of  this   website     may   not   be   copied  in full  or in  part.



a fan website devoted to the career of maureen
                       o'hara
                                                            

the image of maureen
                             o'hara    began in hollywood in 1939 in the
classic        film     "hunchback           of   notre   dame"
                                                                and now embodies
    a  career    that   has   spanned     over   60  years.     maureen's
           dynamic    irish   beauty   and persona     of  womanly   strength
                                                                has made
her   a  role   model    for   women    and   produced     a  legacy    of
 all-time        classic   films.    maureen     o'hara is still   
beautiful   and
                                                                enjoying
her   retirement.        more      importantly,       she   is  representative
         of    all   fine actors   of   her era.  i     have  always
   joked that   to
                                                                keep up with
  this   energetic      lady   you   need   plenty    of  frequent     flyer
     miles      and twice     the stamina.
                                                                maureen o'hara
   indeed    remains     a  much   needed    heroine     of  "all"    times
     -  a  gifted   performer      "then   and now"   -
                                                                a woman for 
 all   seasons     -  truly    a  woman    of  the   century!"
 



please note:

                  
             







     this website contains research information 
   about maureen o’hara blair  about  her life, career and family,

             as well as hundreds of images.  it was incorporated
 into   this   presentation over the past 17 years with the support and contributions 
    of ms. o’hara, her brother charles fitzsimons,   her family, fellow 
   actors, friends and fans.
             
            if you scroll down you will find special features on special
movies,     tv  appearances
            , gen. charles blair (her late husband) – his aviation accomplishments; 
     photos of her family - her sisters and brothers from many decades

  i have now created   a facebook extension page
 which i encourage you to visit   because it is updated almost daily
with current happenings and allows    you an opportunity to be more interactive
 .  so if you’re a facebook  member, drop   in on us at: maureen-ohara-magazine-on-facebook-site
 











maureen with her nephew charles fitzsimons (left) and grandson, conor beau
fitzsimons
on may 26th at a huge fitzsimons heritage celebration in kells -county meath
- ireland.
photo compliments of  elga liliana fitzsimons.  this is maureen
at her happiest -
when surrounded by family.










               
the irish ameria magazine has a new website and i am so
 pleased     to  be a part of this issue.
               i have writen an article to raise awareness of the desire 
  of  fans  and friends throughout the world to
            encourage support  for restoration of "the quiet man" cottage
   in  ireland.


please click on logo above to read the article.






                 
                tv guide has a complete listing of films and
                schedules for cable and network tv in the u.s.
                (always check your local listing for correct time zone}



  
 

 
                   
the    duke   and his lady
 
   a walk down memory lane - 1976 - tv fund raiser 
  party
                                   "allstar tribute to john wayne" produced 
 by  the   late   paul   keyes.
                                   maureen serenades duke with "i've grown
 accustomed      to  your   face"
                                   note:  the clip is fuzzy, but we
are   lucky    to  have   even   this   considering    the technology back
then.
(click on image below and white
arrow    at  link   for   video    clip   of  the  event courtesy of "romy")
                   those of you who enjoy this clip may also enjoy my interview 
   with   the   producer  of the all start tribute - paul keyes.
                   it took place in 1993 and paul was an absolute delight.
  he     was   good   friends with duke and frank sinatra and shared
many great  stories.

                                  


this 
   clip   is  from    maureen's     1972 appearance on "the fabulous 
fordies"
                            a  tv special of  tennessee      ernie    ford.         please  visit  
 the official ernie ford website for more info  on obtaining    cds, etc.
                            thanks to romy for providing his editing skills 
 for   this   presentation       and  jeff ford for being
                            kind in providing these images for maureen o'hara 
  and   her   website.
                        (we will soon be showing clips from maureen's appearances 
    on  the    andy   williams show
                        so stay tuned.  meantime visit andy's website.


                         



a few of maureen's many singing
                              appearances on tv in the 60s and 70s


 
 



 

 

 
 

 

 







































 
 maureen o'hara's recorded
comments on her   website.
                     
 (click    on photo below)




             (these audio files will only play on a windows 
                         explorer  browser      -  sorry)

   - note - 

my   sincere
                              apologies for the lack of the usual background
   color      on   this     page.           i am now encountering problems
    with    my  website
   composing
 program and server.  i                         will be moving to a
new  server which   will take several        weeks,        so      i  ask
your  patience at this time.
 all
 information and links to most archival informational pages are still  here
 and functional;  if you need more current information
   
 and are a member of facebook,                         just do a search
for maureen o'hara   and you'll find     the     
                          facebook  presentation.



 note - i am aware that there is a lot of scrolling
                                on this feature page, but i ask your indulgence.
        over           60   years      of
                                                                information 
 is  difficult      to  consolidate       in  links    that   cover    only 
   the   screen     area  as in a more  sophisticated      html    format.
                                                                just hope 
you   have   the   time   to  keep   on  scrolling      and   enjoy    the 
  many     features       included     on this   page  - the result      of

                                                                ms; o'hara
 and   her   family's     input    and   my  16  years    of  association
      and   friendship    with ms  o'hara   "herself."


 
 
 
 
  
      
    
         


as editor and webmaster
of  "maureen                       o'hara magazine"    i am happy to
answer  any questions            you
                                                                       have
    regarding      the   information       published      on  this   site.    questions      from  studios,   networks, writers, 
             magazines,          etc.
                                                                       must
    be  directed     to  ms.   o'hara's     agent.        please   
email        me     at momagazine@gmail.com        for that information.
      



editor/designer
since 1994



      brief biography


june     parker beck

                                                             fyi:  this
  site   is   a     page 
"it's a long
                                   way to dublintownf"
 listing the various videos, books and memorabilis i
have acquired
                                                              in research
   over   the   years,    and   a  little    bit   about    my  purpose 
   in  all    of this.  
                                                              this listing 
   can   also   give   you   an  idea   of  what   is  out   there
                                                             that is enlightening 
    about    ms.   o'hara's     life   and   career.



                                                   check 
                        out extensive interview on rte ten - the entertainment
                        network 


                                                 
.  it was a very
  emotional      time     for   maureen     and   for   ireland
                                                      as they celebrated
the   60th   anniversary       of  the   filming     of  "the   quiet   man"
                                                 the weekend of aug. 
26th   in  the   village     of  cong..     
 




                                                     
check out irish
 times    article
 





f r o m   o u r   a r c 
                           h i v e s -


we have many interviews
                               from tv journalists and radio programs
                                                                      but 
the   one   i  treasure     most   was   made   possible     by  karen   
cooksley,        from   texas
                                                                      who 
came   to  arizona     to  assist    with   her   recording      technology 
     and    computer        savvy .
                                                                      i just
  asked    the   questions.          lol


topics: name preference; lucille
ball, "sentimental journey," gaelic language, 
                                                                      "mclintock"    stunts, costumes, howard 
                       hughes, vocal technique, duke, "mogambo", 
                                                                      "mclintock
    ending,"         et.   al.   we   also   have  comments on
    her                    own website.
                                                              fyi: these
audio    files    play   only   for   those    who   use   windows     explorer
    as  a   browser.
 

         if  you   want   to  read   transcripts       from
       two   rare  live    on-line    chats   with   maureen       i
conducted         with  fans    asking   the   questions,
                                                                      click 
 on  these    links:  may  22,
   1999                              -  october
2, 2003




ireland's
                                   tv3 


                                                              great interview 
   11-11-2010
                                                              on ireland
tv



 

we conducted
two live on-line     chats with maureen - please visit these sites for 
her conversation    with fans -
                                                                      these 
 contain     a  lot   of  maureen's      philosophies       about    her 
 work   and      her    life.

http://www.users.qwest.net/~aknot/chathighlights.htm
http://www.users.qwest.net/~aknot/chat-october-03.html







maureen's 90th birthday   -  august    17,   2010



maureen                   o'hara celebrated 
          her 90th birthday,      august 17, 2010
                                                                      for 
more   birthday     related     photos    and   interviews,       please 
  visit      the   "links"        page.


 another     birthday celebration september 11, 
                              2010 
                                                                      glengarriff 
    golf   club   



photo    mh  event    photography
                           - michael hade
                                                                       (photographer 
        pat   bransfield)








- my latest article 
                           published in irish america magazine       - 
                                                                      "the
 many   faces    of  maureen     o'hara"

click logo above to
          read article on line




maureen         o'hara's     favorite     soccer 
             team.  her late  father,          charles fitzsimons
                                                                      was 
once   part   owner    of  this   renown    team   and   maureen     cheered 
    them   on!        maureen   was very    athletic   
                                                                      and 
had   a  dream    of  her   father    someday     organizing      a  woman's 
    soccer     team    so  she could   play


                               
the   new   england air museum exhibts the 
          vs-44 flying boat, "queen of the   skies"   restored in honor of 
 maureen's
                              beloved late husband, general charles
blair.
                              you can order a dvd of maureen's attendance 
at  the   dedication      of  this   aircraft  from their website.
                             it's quite a wonderful story and it's a magnificent
    seaplane.


new collector's item
john 
   wayne    enterprises       &    john   wayne    cancer    foundation 
       are
                                                             noew marketing 
 a  john   wayne    monopoly     game.     check       it  out   on 
amazon.









please click above 
                              to purchase at amazon



                                                                        
                              
 color="#330033">





 the letter below is one that is very special to maureen 
                              because it is from a co-worker.
                                                             his words mean 
 a  great    deal   to  her.    thank       you   mr.   peierson    
for    sharing      it  with  us.


dear maureen,  i hope this letter
                                 gets to you. i don’t know if you remember
 me   but    i  will    never  forget you. i was the 1st assistant camera on both
    christmas
    box  and cab to canada.                             never before or since
    has an actress had such a great effect on my career                         
   in the motion picture business. i have now been  in the film business
                                 for almost 30 years and truly the highlight of  my career was working
                                 with you. to me you personify what movie making  is all about. your
professionalism, decor on set,  treatment of  all those around you
is the finest example of the way actors,    actresses  and
all crew should treat their approach to work.  your beauty and grace has touched
my life. this type of genuine beauty is rare in today’s world. i remember
                                 the times that i was able to meet with you in  your trailer, to talk
                                 about your career as an actress, has etched an indelible  memory in my
                                 mind. you made me feel a part of the history of movie making. i am truly
                                 grateful that i had the opportunity   to work alongside one
                                 of the greats of hollywood.

i   wanted    to  say   thank    
 you for the christmas cards         that you sent   to me and   my family.  in my entire career 
                            there has been   only one other   actor that   has sent  cards to the crew. 
                             i can’t wait to buy your autobiography   i just saw on your 
                               web site that  you published it in 2004. i’m only  5 years behind, i 
                               always have been  a little slow, ha ha. thank you again  for having been so
kind to me when we worked together. you will always  be in my heart and 
                               prayers.   butch pierson




                                                             entter the studio
   days   of  maureen        o'hara    -  photos,     films,       
excerpts      from  old fan  club    journals,   essays,     movie     pics,
maureen's         testimony   before    congress for   the duke  wayne commemorative 
        medal,   biography/filmography             and many other   special 
  features.      hear    audio files    of   our exclusive       current 
   interview  with ms. o'hara    presenting         questions from   fans 
in    our   message forum.  


scroll down for favorite 
                              films, special events,     family, all about 
 maureen        and    john     wayne,

 audio 
files   of maureen answering     questions from            fans and guest
book
(plus    other    categories      of  interest)


features   on maureen   o'hara and
john wayne  






maureen & duke    
                                  take another 
     look     at   the    on   screen       chemistry of maureen 
               and duke                  






"give me a man like 
                                  duke wayne!"(from the archives:
                              a narrative magazine  article  from
                         the 1950's by maureen on one         of her  favorite
     subjects         -  duke     wayne) 
      
                                          
                                       
    
"what makes john wayne
                          hollywood's favorite lover?"     
                                another later    article/ interview with
maureen        about      duke     -  probably         early   1970's





maureen     publishes her memoirs "tis herself" in 2004
as told 
 to  john   nicoletti,      writer 
(photo above    taken
during promotion at macys  in nyc)

you can still order paperback 
                  copies    on  amazon - click above            photo for 
link










                                                       bryan varnum, a long 
 time   visitor     to  this   site   has   created     a  gallery     of
                                                       paintings on "the
quiet    man"   and   does   sell   prints    of  his   work.     click
     on photo   above   
                                                       to see them on his 
website..





                                                             harry carey, 
jr.   aka   "dobe"    has   been   a  respected      friend    of  maureen 
    o'hara     for many    years.
                                                             he appeared
in  "rio   grande,"     "the   long   gray   line,"    and   "big   jake".
    you     will  enjoy   his   site which  is   also

   gives you an opportunity to purchase
                               his    book "in the company of heroes." special
     thanks       to   his    wife,
                                                                       marilyn
   carey    who   keeps    us  posted    of  events    and   happenings 
    with   them.




great
                              book - a must read for classic film buffs
(click on photo cover below to  read   amazon
                               reviews) 




jeanine
                                   basinger, professor of film studies at
wesleyan         university,            has    authored         several books
on cinema.          i have (and     love)      "a woman's    view -
 how    hollywood   spoke      to women
                                                              1930-1960, 
  published      in  1993   in  which    she   expounds      on  maureen's 
        ability     to create  an  equality  to   her male  co-stars    without 
     losing her       femininity.      
          in 
     jeanine's latest book, "the star                  machine," i 
was   delighted    to   see    she again has a very     accurate         take
  on maureen  o'hara.  following     are  her   comments  from    an
  email  to   me: 

" i was thrilled
     to  hear   from   you   because     from   childhood      onward  i
have      loved    maureen   o'hara.     i am   pleased   you've liked
   what       i've  written  because     i  think  she is both  totally 
 fabulous   and
                                                             underestimated...not 
    that   she's    hurting     for   loyal    fans   or  appreciation....but 
           she should    have even     more  than she   has.  she   
is   a fine  actress,   a   stunningly   beautiful   woman
        (one   of the most so   in film history)  a versatile      performer 
     and a real   icon.  as i say in my new book, many of   the   "legends" 
       never appeared  in as many   films   that are taught in colleges  
 now    
       as o'hara  did.  to   my students      she is better known (and 
 more     loved)   than davis,   crawford,  garbo    or many others.  i 
 believe      that history  is  turning   her  into the    legend she really 
 is, and   making    
       a super star  out  of  her!    just  being in the john   ford 
  movies...playing           opposite     wayne    as  much  as she did...or 
    appearing in the  annual       showings  of  "miracle    on   34th  street" 
     alone guarantees  her legend.
                                                        and there's 
  more.     i        have   to  stop   here   because     i  have   to
  go to class,   and could     go on and   


and on.  please
                              tell ms. o'hara that i send all my regards,
my   deepest        appreciation,              and    my admiration and respecst
   for her   life,     both profesionally       and    personally.



















 
                              jeanine       
 basinger     
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                    
                            
























 


                                                       note:  all  of 
      the   photos    on  this   website     are   property     of  maureen 
  o'hara  magazine


  
    do not copy or reproduce images from any page i have designed 
                                                             without first
 exending     the   courtesty      of   checking        with   me  at
  momagazine@gmail.com


remembering 

                                                             
maureen's       sppearances          on  "larry    king
  live"
                                                             transcripts

october
                                   28, 2000   -   january
                                   2, 2003


maureen      o'hara makes         immigration history
                                                                       january
   25,   1946   

maureen reminisces
                              about her historic citizenship 


special   comments from devoted fans






                                                                     we receive 
   so  many   wonderful      emails    from   fans   all   over   the   world.  
           now and  again    i receive    one
that    i   feel     is very
                       special and it goes into my "favorite" letters area. 



hello from canada: i have
                              been watching miss     o'hara's 90th birthday
  interview          on   irish      television         and reading about
 this   wonderful       lady   on   your excellent      website.   i  am
  totally amazed at  how     wonderful      miss o'hara looks    in  her
retirement      and   was surprised     to learn      that autographs   are
  available   and that  you   talk   to  her weekly.

                                                                       i 
  am  not   requesting      an  autograph      or  really    anything    
else    other      than  to   ask   if  you would,  in   a conversation 
    with   miss  o'hara,    please    add      my name  to the list   of those
around       the world  who  love  her   and  wish  her   so many, many 
 more wonderful    years.                  she is truly an amazing
                  woman. would you please       tell her that a gent, living
   now in   new    brunswick,       but originally    frtom  nova  scotia....and
    with irish   heritage    wants her    to  know    how much he has  always
     admired her, but  never more    than now.  what     a beautiful and
amazing      lady......god   love  you, maureen...as     do   we.  
              regars, - bob miller
 












"looking               at  the pix here, i can                
only conclude that such     beauty        is unearthly. maureen    must 
   be   an   alien      sent     to us to   show     our potential.  
  simply scary!"
"when  i  first                   laid eyes on maureen    
    in "the parent trap"  i really    wasn't       that     affected  - 
i just  went   into     a trance that   has lasted        37 years     (so
far).  i assume  that  we   children   must have   done   something
     very special for god to have rewarded      us with  her.    and
even   he  must   have gazed at his own work   in wonder!"


"maureen               o'hara  could have been                
my grandmother.    i  don't      care.   i still   am in love 
    with     her.       imho, the    sexiest shot in motion picture history
      is her    first      scene  in    'the quiet man'  when she looks over
her  shoulder     at    john  wayne.   i have   to  wear a bib whenever i
see that  film.
a long  time   fan, i'm delighted                 to find this 
 beautiful site; it's  great to see  this profound       role     model  
  celebrated appropriately, eloquently.!"
 



"maureen....thanks                for a life well lived.  
 thanks for every  tear you made   me   cry,     for    every laugh you've 
 made me laugh.  you are  simply    wonderful!!!       god   bless you."
"never  have   i had the privilege                 of casting my
eyes on an eternal  beauty such as maureen   o'hara.               graceful,
passionate and elegant.   how privileged  indeed!"





i came 
 across    this   email    from   a  fan   in  1999   -  it  carries     such
   wonderful      sentiments.     i    wanted   to  share  it with 
you.


"this may sound corny to some people but i will
                                   make it short.  i
      left     home     when     i  was    16   and    joined the marines
because      of problems     at   home.    at
   the time    i  never had a real    mother   or father           so i picked
myself   one.     i   never told    anyone   
   until  now and it    has   been over    40 years.
i never got a chance like this to tell the man 
                                  who i picked as a father that i sure did 
 thank      him    for    being      a  good     role     model for a young 
 boy and    the  many    years   of seeing    him   on the  screen.     every      time   i was in a  tight   spot   or 
  was  about to do  something  wrong,   i  looked  to my adopted  parents 
  and asked   myself   if they         would    not like  that or i would 
 say a  prayer to them    to help   me.   the man
was john  wayne.
now
                              i have a chance to tell     the lady who i
picked       as   my   mother       how    much     i  love her (if i may
use the     word)    but i  do.     i      want
to thank   you for all    the   hours of         enjoyment i have  gotten
 from  your      films and   all the   joy of looking         at your picture
and  thinking      maybe  my    mother  might have been a  person      like
 you.    if     only i  had the  words to   tell
  you how     i feel  and how  much i thank  you.  thank
     you."


please       note:          
the website page you are on is the "cover" page.   as   you scroll   down 
             there     are many links to pages i have designed    pertaining 
    to   various     areas of   ms.  o'hara's         life and career.  
      they   have been   10 years  in the  making    and     ms. o'hara has 
  contributed      information  to  these pages.         enjoy!





 2004/2005 
                  brings  special honors         for maureen o'hara



                                                                       
                                                                       

my favorite
                               maureen o'hara movies 

my    favorite   o'hara films 
(i    have   designed     and     edited 
         all web page links except         that of the   smithsonian    air 
   museum) 





miracle   on 34th
                                 street 




the   parent trap
           check    out   "hooked
                                   on houses" by julia
                                                                       as 
she   displays     photos    of  exteriors      and   scenes
                                                                       from 
 "the   parent    trap"    and   tells    litttle     known    facts
                                                                       about
  the   house    in  this   film.





the   quiet man

 the summer of "the 
                                  quiet man"
(a 
 special behind-the-scenes               story)



mclintock




rio   grande


the red pony




hunchback   of
                                 notre dame


spencer's   mountain




wings of eagles


only the lonely




the deadly companions


big jake





 the christmas box     - 1995 

made    for tv movie




cab to canada 
                                  - 1998 

made    for tv movie






the last dance 
     - 2000 

made    for tv movie












 our      friend, bryan varnum is a gifted artist and focuses
                              much of his talent   on  paintings
                                                                        scenes 
     from   the   movie    "the   quiet    man."        bryan    is 
having        problems      with   his website   server
                                                                       and
 is  temporarily       unable    to  publish     a  link   at  this   time.  
       however,          if you    are  interested    in seeing
                                                                       any
 more   of  his   work,    please    email    him   at  bvarnam@atmc.net.






the retinitis pigmentosa    foundation asked maureen o'hara
                              to narrate  "the quiet man"
                                                                       for
 a  screening      in  los   angeles     for   the   theater     for   the
   blind    back      in  the  early 1990s.
                                                                       they 
 have   been   kind   enough    to  provide     a  copy   of  that   film 
  for   her  archives.         we appreciate   any  and all   support 
   you
                                                                       can
 give   this   organization.









 






           click    on  photo    above    to  view   biography
         and  awards      
biography-filmography-list
                                   of honors & awards

maureen         o'hara
              over             the years - off-screen




maureen   o'hara, a wonderful    lyric soprano, appeared on may
                              tv shows during the 50's,  60's and 70's  -
both
   singing        and    acting.       maureen received  rave reviews
 for her dramatic         performance    in "mrs. miniver" 
                                  in 1960, a david suskind production.  
   if   anyone       out    there      knows      of   an  existing copy of
  that  tv play...please       let    me know   because   ms.    o'hara 
   is longing   to see it again.






meeting     youjg    charles     fitzsimons      for   the 
      first    time  in los  angeles   during    loopline     film documentary
                                                             interviews on
 june   29th,    2009    as     many   of  you   know,    charlie  
  is  the     oldest    son of  maureen's   brother,    the  late  charles
 fitzsimons.
                                                             although charlie 
  and   i  have   corresponded       and   talked    on  the   phone    for 
    years,     this  is the first occasion       we  had to meet.
                                                             we both enjoyed
  the   absolutely      delightful      loopline     film   crew   and  
looking       forward to   the   release of  their    documentary
dreaming
the   quiet    man.      the      documentary       has   been 
 featured       at  many film   festivals  in  ireland    and at the    ny
  museum   of art.


           another     fitzsimons      -  the   original
        "maureen"    o'hara     namesake  (right))
 
                                                                   
                

daughter of 
                 charles  fitzsimons,    maureen o'hara's niece,         
   and    sister       to   young charles fitzsimons.
                                                                       i
was   privileged      to  meet   not   only   young    maureen     last 
 year,      but  also     brother    andrew,    and their   mother,    connie
 (far     right).




highlights andhappenings in ms. o'hara's  life and career

 -        click   on underlined 
               word (s) -



special     features      below

it        is  my  hope   that   you   will   eventually 
              read all the features       listed   below.       much 
 research 
and        input    from   ms.   o'hara    is  involved.





                the amazing fitzsimons 
                                  family - read about and see rare photos 
    of   maureen's          classmates           at  
             the ena mary 
burke        school of elocution                 in the 1940's - with    
diary   excerpts    and photos of  her     brother,   charles fitzsimons  and sister, margot.








special tribute 
                                  to charles fitzsimons
  interview 
                                  with charles fitzsimons 1993





 behind the scenes     of the nyc st. patrick's day parade 1999



 maureen        o'hara's            testimony before
  congress may             21, 1979     for  petition   to   cast   a 
            commemorative   
 medal           honoring john wayne. 






  maureen     o'hara     is honored          by the
               british        
        film institute           1993 with a coveted fellowship

       
                        along with clint         eastwood.   (read her 
  acceptance          speech)




  "panache  you've 
                                  either got it or you don't " - a delightful 
        article        by   the    late     angela      fox dunn, 
         
                        hollywood         journalist.




  maureen is  selected  
           as grand marshal         of the new york city        st.  patrick's 
                                 day parade 1999



  a blast from the 
                                  past - letters and comments from fans 
  during       the    1960's






  the high cost of a 
                                  hollywood kiss - maureen o'hara and 
tyrone       power      (see     how    "unromantic" 
       
                        and "expensive"         kissing for  the camera was 
  in   the    studio   days.




            
                                             
                                   
                                 
                                       
                                
                       
                                
                                 
                                
                               
                      
                                
                            
                       
                          
                        
                      
                     
                      
                      
                   





  the "real"  maureen   
          o'hara     - photos         from the archives taken  over the years
       of         maureen       being
    herself.



                                                                       information     on maureen's brother
                          jimmy fitzsimons (james lilburn)

(click   on photo below to link to page)

(








  special            tribute 
   to maureen's    late husband,         charles blair.



           the above
                 photos are copyright of the publication         "stars and
  stripes"                and  are not to be copied or published       
                                                                       without
   the   express     permission      of  "stars    and   stripes"     in
 writing..
                                                                       
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                    
      
letter from a fan: 
"dear.     ms.    o'hara      - i 
            worked with pan am in the late         60's, based  out  of  
jfk.      i  will     never     forget 
the   first    time     i saw you 
            coming into the crew lounge with captain  blair.   you  were 
so    extraordinarily           beautiful, captain blair's smile said it 
all.    as he  introduced    you,    we were   too mesmerized to speak. you
were    gracious     and  kind   and  i  will forever   remember you."





. come with   me  to revisit my
         trip to ireland in            1999.   great photos of "quiet 
        man"  film  sites      and         other    great moments in 
my    journey.            ireland   
journal       ireland trip



  the magic of maureen o'hara 
                                  and john wayne - one of the greatest 
 on-screen          teams      in   hollywood 
         
                        history.




 "the golden girls" 
                                  - my essay on the 
parallel         of   katharine          hepburn       and maureen o'hara.



  photos from  the  national
           air museum of the       smithsonian  
            taken by joan stringham and featuring 
       
                        the p.51c flown         by blair on his record breaking 
      flight      of the first      pilot      to   solo   over the north 
pole. 



   special recognition to a very         special maureen  o'hara  meet  bill greehy









my first meeting
                              with maureen     in 1995 (photo signed in 1997)
    at   the    burbank        airport.

son danny on the
                              left, myself,     maureen, and maureen's brother,
      charles        fitzsimons.











 
 
special comments
  from special fans
"looking at the    pix here, i can only conclude that such beauty
                               is unearthly. maureen must    be an alien,
sent     here     to   show     us   our    potential.      simply scary."


 
"when     i  first     laid     eyes 
          on maureen in "the parent         trap," i really  wasn't    that 
  affected             -  i  just went into  a  trance     that has lasted 
 37 years     (so    far). i assume       that  we  children   must  have 
done something    very      special  for god to have      rewarded   us with 
 her. and even    he must    have    gazed at his own work   in  wonder!"


 
"a    long-time      fan,     i'm 
          delighted to find this beautiful         site; it's  great to see 
   this        profound      role model celebrated     appropriately,    eloquently.!"


 
"maureen       o'hara      could 
 have been my grandmother.          i don't  care.       i still 
          am   in   love  with  her. imho,  the    sexiest   shot in motion 
   picture           history   is  her  first  scene   in   the quiet   man 
  when she looks      over her     shoulder   at john wayne.        
 i  have   to wear   a  bib whenever  i see   that film."


 
"never      have   i   had     the 
          privilege of casting my eyes         on an eternal  beauty     such
    as    maureen     o'hara.   graceful, passionate,        and elegant. 
how    privileged         indeed!" 

 
"....maureen,         thanks     
for a life well lived...thanks         for every  tear you made   me   cry, 
            for  every    laugh you've made     me   laugh.   you 
  are      simply    wonderful!!!!      god   bless     you.


 
i   watched     a  televised     
  arts and entertainment biography         of maureen    a couple     of 
nights ago.   although     i have never      written   a "fan  letter" before, 
               i  decided  that   age 44 was   not    too old   to start, 
 so   here     i am.      as  i  watched the   biography   special  
    i  felt  such    respect for maureen's     strong sense  of  values 
 and empathized        as  she dealt with some difficult     losses.  
  i   think that  maureen      represents     the best of us humans     - 
strong,  principled,    bright,       and caring. the fact     that she was 
and    is still  absolutely  beautiful          is yet another gift. if  
ireland  had  a  queen,  it would be maureen      o'hara.    thank you for 
entertaining   us and   being  a wonderful role     model at the   same

time.

check    out   the     "letters    hall  
of  fame"   for other special comments from

maureen's      fans.       
 i consider all letters "special"         because  any fan who    takes the
            time   to   write  falls into that    category.

 

some         of  my  family 
              photos - then....and now






meet 
                        my daughter,     jennifer's youngest, "lil' phil" 
on        his    1st    birthday



           my  grandchildren,        lil   '  phil,    briana,
        rachel,  and   ryan






danny  
is my #4  son,   and the artist in the family.  danny      is expert
in cartoon   character    design and works for blizzard (computer      game
designer)




remembering
      my sister sue carol parker conner, 
sister
      doris ann                             parker young 

and   my  mother,   ann
                    marie parker 
                                                                       note 
 -  the   tinting     in  the   photo    above    was   actually       done 
   by  the   kodak    lab - in the  1940's    - 
                                                                       my 
sister    sue   -  (right)     is  holding     a  tiny   sparrow





                                                                      momagazine@gmail.com



