

hunting manitoba canada, big game outfitters, bear hunts, canadian moose hunts, caribou, whitetail deer, waterfowl-goose & duck hunt with an outfitter!!


























 













































































          manitoba, canada, big game hunting guides and outfitters,  black bear 
          hunts, canada moose, 
          caribou, whitetail deer, wolf, waterfowl, goose and duck. fly in 
          fishing, canadian moose and central barrens ground caribou hunts in pristine wilderness 
          areas, some accessible only by wheel or float plane! all-inclusive 
          manitoba big game outfitters, hunting and fishing guides.
















high quality, spring and 
          fall trophy black bears hunts in 
            all areas of manitoba, canada, as well as in northern manitoba near thompson and gillam. 
          hunt areas are extremely remote and have one of the largest 
          concentrations of big black bears in manitoba, a province known for  
          trophy and colored bears. we offer black bear hunts in south and central manitoba as 
          well as fly in remote bear hunting. for more information about our 
          hunts, please see our bear 
            hunting page. 












          trophy manitoba big game outfitters for canada moose hunts, central barrens 
          ground caribou, black bear, timber wolf, arctic wolf hunts and world-class 
          fly in fishing.  northern pike up to 35 lbs, lake trout up to 50 
          lbs, walleye and manitoba's largest arctic grayling (species may 
          vary by lake) are  included in your hunt costs and are available 
          within a short distance from camp. camps have an excellent reputation 
          as some of the worlds finest hunting and fishing outfitters. fly in fishing 
          camps have been operating for about 20 years and hunting camps have 
          been operating since 1995. everything is first class with top of 
          the line equipment and staff dedicated to your success in making this 
          your best hunt ever. camps are located 120 to 240 miles north of the last 
          accessible roads and in one of the most remote fly in regions in north 
          america. sitting at the edge of the boreal forests offering hunts both 
            above and below the tree line, hunts are conducted in a vast 7,200 
            square mile area and this does not even include the vast caribou grounds. 
            area consists of 12 river systems and over 100 lakes and year after 
            year, new and previously unexplored area provide quality virgin hunting 
            territory. the animals thrive here and have never seen humans before 
            other than perhaps a lone trapper and now the hunter. for more information 
            about caribou/moose hunting please see our 
          manitoba caribou/moose hunts page.











** note nwt caribou hunts have been discontinued - but have not been 
            removed from our titles at this time. musk ox is up to date:
                
note: this camp also offers 3 grizzly bear 
                tags annually. ask for more details on this hunt, if it is of 
                interest to you. this is an early may hunt and the list price is
                $24,000. please contact us for more details.
hunt 
                  musk ox located along canada's northern 
                  most arctic coast on the edge of the tree line. here you will 
                  find some of the worlds most exotic animals - the prehistoric 
                  musk ox and the barren grounds caribou. the remote hunting areas 
                  are spread over an expansive area where animals are plentiful. 
                  here hunting pressure is non-existent, providing a great opportunity 
                  for hunters to fulfill their dream. success rates are extremely 
                  high on trophy class musk ox .  the tundra has many 
                  eskers and ridges allowing you to get on higher ground to glass. 
                  the eskers and ridges also provide good ground cover enabling 
                  hunters to get within rifle muzzleloader or bow range. the terrain 
                  is generally dry and rocky. typically you will see several scattered 
                  bands of musk ox  before making your final 
                  hunt. this location is easily accessible by scheduled plane 
                  from inuvik and hunters then travel by snowmobile and 
                  all terrain vehicles (weather permitting) into the hunting areas. the spot and stalk 
                  method is usually the recommended way to hunt. our experienced 
                  inuvialuit guides are all hunters themselves and extremely knowledgeable 
                  and know the musk ox and the hunt areas well. their expertise 
                ensures that each client will be positioned in the best hunting 
                location possible. for more information 
            about musk ox/caribou hunting please see our 
          musk ox/caribou hunts page. 












          ace has exclusive rights on remote moose habitat assessable only by 
          floatplane. your hunt can be a combo hunt for moose, bear and wolf. 
          this allows you to take a bear or wolf if spotted during moose hunting 
          or to sit over bait after your moose has been taken. moose hunts are 
          done by glass and stalk and calling. calling is most effective early 
          mornings and evenings during the peak of the rut. hunts are 
            scheduled to include the normal peak rut of the bull moose. you will 
            enjoy exceptional fishing for trophy northern pike and walleye during 
            your hunt and after your moose has been harvested. for more 
          information about moose, bear, wolf and fishing combo hunts  
          please see our 
          moose hunts page. 











caribou 
            hunters are poised to intercept the migrating masses of central canada 
            barren ground caribou as they dash for the shelter of the boreal forests. 
            the number of caribou in the kaminuriak herd are now estimated at 
            somewhere between 350 to 500 thousand caribou. our success rate remains 
            at 100% with the potential for 100% of archery caribou trophies scoring pope and young 
            and 55% to 60% of rifle caribou trophies becoming new entries into 
            the boone and crockett record book. our comfortable, 8-man mini-lodges 
            are situated about as far north as you can go in manitoba, canada, 
            deep in the arctic tundra, also known as trophy caribou country.  
            for more information about caribou hunting please see our 
          caribou hunts page.











 
          manitoba, canada -  
            trophy whitetail deer hunting potential is one of canada's best kept secrets. 
            the manitoba record for typical deer is 197 7/8.  manitoba 
            holds more whitetail deer pope and young records than any other province. the areas you will 
            be hunting deer has produced hundreds of record book whitetail deer as 
            attested by the manitoba bow hunting records club book as well as 
            the pope and young record book. one out of every thousand whitetail 
            deer taken in manitoba qualify for boone & crockett. during archery 
            and muzzleloader seasons there is essentially no hunting pressure 
            and very little during rifle hunt season. manitoba is equivalent in land 
            mass to the state of texas and the total number of bow hunters that 
            purchase an archery whitetail deer tag in manitoba every year is roughly 
            3,200, muzzleloader hunting licences sales are roughly 6,000 and rifle whitetail 
            deer hunt licences sold are roughly 35,000. for more information 
            about our manitoba whitetail deer hunting visit our 
          trophy whitetail deer hunts page. 











manitoba's 
            interlake is known as one of the top staging areas in the world for 
            hundreds of thousands of waterfowl during the fall waterfowl migration. 
            there is a steady increase in the amount of migrating geese and ducks 
            due to the late springs and high water levels in manitoba. local habitat 
            is ideal for all waterfowl, the fall migration is spectacular and 
            successful hunting is an everyday occurrence. manitoba's interlake 
            is renowned for multiple species of waterfowl including the canadian 
            goose,  greater canada goose and lesser canada goose, snow and 
            blue geese and over a dozen species of duck, including mallard, pintail, 
            blue-winged teal, green-winged teal, gadwall, canvasback, gadwalls, 
            american widgeon, and redhead ducks. hunt over 25,000 leased fields 
          as well as local marshes and potholes. for more information about our 
            manitoba waterfowl hunting please see our 
          waterfowl hunts page.











          manitoba remote fly in fishing lodges and outfitters for walleye, 
          northern pike, arctic grayling, brook and lake trout! "beyond the northernmost reaches of civilization 
          in a world untouched 
            by human hand is a place where the 
            real world ends and adventure begins." catch the canadian grand 
            slam! trophies of all four species, mammoth pike, lake trout, walleye, 
            and arctic grayling, all with-in minutes from your choice 
            of remote camps. accommodations 
            ranging from the 5 star lodges to the finest outpost cabins, featuring 
            the finest amenities, courteous 
            staff, outstanding service and quality equipment. exceptional fish nirvana 
          with incredible scenery in the virgin waterways of manitoba.  for more information 
            about fly in fishing please see our manitoba 
            fly in fishing page.











ace 
            wilderness guiding is owned and operated by art, craig and ellen henry 
             








 
art and craig: 







have 
                  over 60 years combined hunting, guiding and outfitter experience



have 
                  over 40 years combined bow hunting experience 



are 
                  registered manitoba outfitters since 1992



have 
                  exclusive big game hunting outfitters rights to areas for bear, moose, caribou, whitetail 
                  deer, waterfowl, goose and duck and fly in fishing.



art 
                  holds 12 records in manitoba bow hunters record club book 










for 
            information, dates and rates on our 
            hunts please phone or contact 
            us by email.

            ace gillam bed and breakfast runs from 
            our lodge in our north area at gillam manitoba, where you can  sit back and relax or enjoy some hunting or a day of fishing down 
            by the many lakes and rivers nearby. 

book your  hunt with your choice of reputable outfitters: 
            ace works as hunting consultants for 30+ manitoba 
            big game hunting outfitters - all members of our manitoba lodge  
          association - when we are unable to meet your needs personally. 
            all hunts booked through us are at no additional cost to you. please 
            call us for hunting recommendations.







you 
            are visitor #
 

















white background:









[back 
            to top]







box 
      444 · woodlands, manitoba (canada)  r0c 3h0 
      tel: (888) 286-0433 | e-mail: 


          hunting@mts.net
copyright © 1992 
      ace wilderness guiding manitoba hunts all rights reserved
      



 site designed and maintained by lt designs.ca







