






















diet center















diet programsin-center programsexclusively youdietfast21 day dietonline programsexclusively youdietfast21 day dietfind a centershop onlinesuccess storiesresources articles & infocommunitybody compositionnutrition videosgames & quizzeslibrary & terminologyuseful linksfaqs


call today 800.656.3294
franchise
join nowlogin
















15½ million successful clients









you can lose 20-30-40 pounds or more!
join the 15½ million members who’ve reached their weight loss goals with diet center.
find a center









four effective plans to help you reach your goal!
whether you want a diet focused on healthier food choices or one that features convenient (and delicious) meal replacements, we have a plan that’s right for you.
learn more









our exclusive chewables help you lose the weight.
these exclusive all-natural supplements help stabilize blood sugar, support metabolism and provide energy. find out why our clients love them so much!
learn more









learn how to keep it off for good.
you’ll love the one-on-one support you receive at your local diet center. our weight loss counselors will help you lose the weight and learn how to keep it off for good.
find a center














diet plans designed for your lifestyle.




exclusively you
dietfast
fast 21 thermogenic diet






	real food. real results. exclusively you.

	healthy meal planning at its best! if you like to prepare your own meals using grocery store foods, exclusively you® is the program for you.

	based on tried-and-true principles proven to help people lose weight effectively, this program focuses on sound nutrition, proper portion control and healthier food choices. learn more about joining exclusively you® in-center or online.





	total convenience meets total nutrition.

	if you frequently find yourself too busy to eat right, you'll love the convenience of our dietfast meal replacement plan. special shake/puddings and bars help remove the guesswork from portion control when you're on the go.

	in addition to nutritionally-fortified dietfast meal replacements, you’ll enjoy a healthy, well-balanced meal plan with highly specialized food choices. learn more about the dynamics of dietfast in-center or online.





	lose weight before an upcoming event.

	need to lose weight in a hurry? turn your body into a fat-burning machine with our fabulous fast 21 thermogenic diet.

	this precisely portioned program is designed to ignite your body's natural fat-burning process. choose from two different meal plans featuring highly specialized supplements and a powerful water enhancer. learn more about the fast 21 thermogenic diet in-center or online.






explore diet programs


visit a center near you


try an online program





get your free weight loss analysis.
and receive special offers to help support your journey.







gender
female
male
























see my free results

















								i thought that losing weight would be the hardest hurdle i would ever have to overcome, until i met the staff at the diet center.
								they were able to adapt the menus to fit my lifestyle, which made losing weight that much easier.
							












								weight loss does not have to be hard. the programs and products make it easy and attainable.
							












								losing weight changes your life and helps you feel more confident and healthy.
							












								you don't have to live a life of wishful thinking. with diet center, losing weight and keeping it off is made possible through the easiest diet plans ever!
							

















lose all of the weight you want online for $6 a week.
join online





get free shipping at the diet store.
when you spend $150. online only.
shop online





refer a friend and get free diet store dollars!
refer a friend












home
about us
diet programs
locations
shop online
contact us
franchise






800.656.3294


					© 1998-2025 dc internet company, llc, an hmg internet distribution company and agent for diet center® worldwide, inc.
					diet center® worldwide, inc. is a health management group™ company. all rights reserved.
				

legal notices & privacy policy
returns & refunds
accessibility
sitemap
hmg.com








×







diet center's special chewable diet supplement
over 15½ million past and present diet center clients say this is the secret to their success!
these special diet supplements:

help make losing weight easier.
help curb hunger by helping stabilize blood sugar level.
have the ingredients which help metabolize proteins, fats and carbohydrates most effectively.
provide needed energy during your diet.

for more than 46 years, these supplements have been the foundation of diet center's successful weight loss programs.
join now!







please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility


