


shoalwater boats - v hull flats and catamaran fishing boats






























home
cats

14.5' catamaran
19' catamaran
20' catamaran
21' catamaran
23' catamaran

v hulls

20' v hull
24' v hull

resources

find a dealer
reviews
owners photos
mercury power
owners group
14.5 & 16 owners group
gelcoat colors
social news

used boats
contact














dry ride
shallow or open bay











smooth ride
legendary catamaran hull











shallow draft
get skinny in the flats









shoalwater boats...
...the #1 name in shallow water fishing boats








shoalwater boats - v hull flats and catamaran fishing boats


















shoalwater boats has been manufacturing boats for over 38 years.  we have the best name and reputation in shallow water fishing boats.





shoalwater fishing boats has earned a reputation as the premier fishing boat manufacture through hard work, attention to detail and quality control. 

 
we manufacture many style and models of catamaran style fishing boats, from 19' to 25' catamaran hulls.  all of our fishing boats are center console, featuring tunnel hull design for extremely shallow water running.  they perform equally well in deep water.  we have had great success in marketing our 23' catamaran as a recreational boat.  it is designed after a racing boat hull and is very popular with the younger crowd as a play  boat.  it is also a favorite with fly fishermen and fishing guides for shallow water fishing.
our cat hull series features include a dual shaped bow for pounding through rough seas while maintaining a nearly flat stern (from the console aft). this design is the best of both worlds, rough water and shallow running. our rolled gunnels provide splash down for extremely dry ride and extra lift.





the 23' catamaran suits the family boaters to the fishing guides. it is 8' 8" wide and will run about 60 mph with a 200 hp motor.  it is a very smooth, stable and dry ride. it is excellent for skiing and family fun, but dad still has his fishing boat. it will float in about 8 inches of water.
we package all our shallow water fishing boats with mercury marine motors. if you choose, our dealers will outfit your boat with any motor you like.  let us know what you prefer.





for serious fishing, family boating or just playing on the water, we have the boat for you.  please give one of our dealers a call for more information, brochures or to arrange a demo ride.








share this page socially









shoalwater boats
port o'connor, texas
(361)983.4134








copyright© 2006 victoria web design
























