





dentist in edinburgh | craigentinny dental care











































 



skip to content
















 

homejoin the practiceaboutmeet the teamopening hourstravelprivate dentistrytreatmentsdental implantscosmetic dentistrygum diseaseguided biofilm therapysnoring solutionsscared of the dentistgeneral dentistryjoin the practicefamily dentistrymembership planshygienist servicecosmeticgallery- see our workcosmetic dentistry choicesteeth whiteningresin bonding (composite bonding) and veneersteeth straighteningsix month smilesinman alignerwrinkle reductionimplantsare dental implants for you?several missing teethimplant denture stabilisationall teeth missingimplant costsfacial aestheticsanti wrinkle injectionsfacial rejuvenationlip enhancementwhat is  botoxinformationopening hoursmembership plansblogshelpful linksprivacy policyfeesprivate feesmembership plansnhs feesguaranteescontactcontact usdentist in portobellotravelcomplaints procedureyour viewsjoin the teambook a visit 






0131 669 2114   57 duddingston crescent, edinburgh, eh15 3ay 

facebooktwittergoogle my businessrss 












loading...







craigentinny dental care 



confident dental health 












quality dental care 



for the whole family 












smile confidently every day 



with implant, cosmetic and orthodontic treatments 












convenient opening hours 



from 8:00am - car parking on site 












book a free online smile analysis 





dental implants
cosmetic dentistry
tooth whitening
adult braces

call us to book a no obligation consultation.
 


online cosmetic consult














homefraserh2024-12-09t09:21:03+00:00 

dentist in edinburgh
| welcome to craigentinny dental care

quality, preventive family dental care
at craigentinny dental care we have been providing consistent quality dental care to patients of all ages in edinburgh for over 30 years. maybe that’s why so many local families trust us to look after their smiles. we are your dentist in edinburgh.
we pride ourselves on the longevity and dedication of our dental team. unlike many places where you might see a new face every year, our dentists stay with us for the long haul. this means you can build a lasting relationship with a dentist who truly understands your unique dental history and needs.
enjoy the peace of mind that comes from knowing that your long term dentist will be with  you every step of the way. pain-free dentistry that meets your aims and stands the test of time is our goal. for our team, dentistry is personal and getting to know you, and what you really want from a dental practice, is the most important thing that we can do to help achieve this.
whatever your reason for coming to see us at craigentinny be it to join a  membership plan, for general dentistry, dental implants, cosmetic treatment or braces in edinburgh, we will listen to your concerns, be thorough in our assessment and discuss clearly and honestly our advice and recommendations.
explore the site to find out more about the many ways we can help you achieve your optimal level of dental health. you can find out how to join the practice here or simply send us a message.
if you are simply looking for information on a dental topic why not take a look at our treatments page.
get in touch please note this request form is for non urgent appointments only. if you have a dental problem that you feel requires more urgent attention please contact us directly by telephone on 0131 669 2114.request an appointmentservices
new patients
viewhygienist (scale & polish & guided biofilm therapy)
viewclear braces (six month smiles)
viewcomposite (resin) bonding
view
teeth whitening
view
overcoming dental fear

are you nervous, worried or just plain afraid of the dentist? we can help.
view
cosmetic dentistry

cosmetic dentistry can give you that confidence and smile boost to know that  you look great.
view
dental implants
dental implants are a great way to replace natural teeth that are missing already or about to be lost.
viewfamily dentistry
our goal is to help you and your family maintain your optimum level of dental health over many years.
viewa little more about what we do
if you are looking for a private dental practice, a dentist in edinburgh to cater to your whole family’s needs or a dental hygienist in edinburgh, we would love to meet you. our team comprises 5 dentists, 2 hygienists, a therapist and a support team. the team at craigentinny aim to be a dental practice in edinburgh that is a benchmark for not only modern dentistry but excellence in customer service in scotland.
why craigentinny dental care

our edinburgh dental surgery provides the latest dentistry and our team of edinburgh dentists, nurses and hygienists are highly qualified and registered with the general dental council.

we believe in the individuality of all of our patients and as a result tailor our services to meet the needs of you, our patient.

we know that many people are frightened of the dentist so we aim to make your dental experience as comfortable and relaxing as possible.

our dentists have traveled extensively in the usa and europe in search of the latest dental techniques so that they can offer dentistry in edinburgh to the highest standard as well as affordable.
“the team have re-established my confidence in dentistry, and helped me conquer all my fears.”
mrs. m.d, edinburgh




 
 





 



craigentinny dental care, 57 duddingston crescent, edinburgh eh15 3ay
phone: 0131 669 2114

connect








 

newsletter sign up to our free newsletter
for the latest news & updates!















name: 





email: 







we respect your email privacy.








 

complaints procedure we aim to achieve total patient satisfaction. if you are unhappy with any aspect of your care, here is what to do.
general dental council registered our clinical team are registered with and abide by the regulations and guidance set out by the gdc. visit their website to check your dentist or hygienist’s registration.
craigentinny dental care ltd registered business address:
woodland court, truro business park,
truro tr4 9rh - registration no. 07698440 
 

 
 
 





		© copyright    |   craigentinny dental care   |   all rights reserved










dental websites bydental focus

 


facebooktwittergoogle my businessrss
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link



































































































