


metro atlanta's only complete guide to new homes for sale























































communities magazine online is atlanta's only complete new home directory listing every active new home subdivision, condominium and townhome community in the 25+ county metropolitan atlanta area. more than 800 communities - both advertised and non-advertised - are mapped and listed with prices, phone numbers, and addresses.
			



find all of your atlanta new home choices in one place on atlantacommunities.com.
subscribe to receive all the latest about new communities, new home builders, special pricing, grand openings and weekly information about the hottest communities in the most active areas of metro atlanta in our newsletter. searching for new homes in atlanta has never been easier!
			












search

by map
by price
by builder/ developer
by community
active adult 55+


showcases

trusted home builders
featured builders
community profiles
photo galleries


information

mortgages
schools
taxes
services
links


contact us



contact us








find new homes in the atlanta area!






free



real estate news

cresswind at spring haven highlights leading design trends for active adults - 02/11/2025newnan, ga. — kolter homes, a leader in developing next-generation, highly amenitized master-planned communities for active adults across the southeastern united states, continually evolves its home designs to reflect the latest trends in active ad
soleil belmont park closes over 200 homes - 02/10/2025
canton, ga - patrick malloy communities is thrilled to announce the closing of 0ver 200 homes in soleil belmont park, now over halfway sold out. this achievement marks a significant milestone for the community and future homeowners alike.
 
decorated model open at cherokee township in cherokee county - 01/30/2025decorated model open at cherokee township in cherokee county

acworth, ga. - the decorated model is now open at cherokee township, a new community from traton homes located in acworth. showcasing the award-winning brooks townhome plan, the 
traton homes unveils townhomes in powder springs, mableton priced from the high $300,000s - 01/28/2025marietta, ga  - traton homes announces that its wildwood place and wilkins walk communities are now selling in cobb county, both offering two- and three-story townhomes priced from the high $300,000s. both communities also provide desirable onsite am
coopers walk offers you the dream life you are looking for! - 01/24/2025loganville - mckinley homes has opened its newest 55+ lifestyle-focused community at the border of loganville and grayson. nestled in the serenity of gwinnett county, coopers walk offers residents the perfect balance of modern living and southern cha



















atlanta, ga | 
charleston, sc | 
myrtle beach, sc | 



san antonio, tx | 
triad, nc | 





home | 
subscribe | 
about us | 
contact us | 



privacy policy | 
legal | 
site map | 
site login






copyright ©  2025 communities magazine online
		maintenance completed by flexicodes

housing guide of america







