













creative marriage proposal ideas




creative ideas for proposing marriage 



the "down on one knee" 
e-book is a collection of unique and creative marriage proposal ideas. in 
addition, this e-book includes special chapters with romantic ideas for 
your wedding day and honeymoon plus an engagement diamond ring guide.




if you are:

ready to pop the question and propose marriage 
to your sweetheart
wanting to do it in a creative or very special 
way  
unsure of what to do 
ready to act and make an awesome marriage proposal 
memory! 

then you need this book... 
[order the "down on one 
knee" e-book from amazon] 

authored by a woman who asked her fiancé to marry her, this book gives new approaches 
to popping the age old question of "will you marry me?" some of us are creative 
in this undertaking, while some of us struggle for the words or theme to make the 
big approach - the engagement proposal. i understand the nervousness, apprehension, 
love and creativity that lay behind asking the big question. the marriage proposal 
is a moment that everyone dreams of, no matter who does the asking, man or woman. 
in this book, we creatively, uniquely and sensitively address different memory-making 
engagement proposal ideas that you can adopt and make your own. although this book 
is primarily directed towards men, women, take the leap and don't hesitate to make 
the magic moment happen yourself with these creative marriage proposal scenarios. 
however you do the asking, do it sincerely, with love, and make the moment a wonderful 
one for your partner to remember. 

your imagination will be sparked by our book of over 60 creative and unique 
engagement proposal ideas such ideas as: 

public marriage proposals

private marriage proposals 
mystery clues marriage proposals

holiday-themed marriage proposals

theme-oriented destinations for the marriage proposals

marriage proposals on a budget and those with no 
expense spared 
those done independently and those done with a 
little help from your friends 
and more! 


you'll also receive additional bonus chapters:

 romantic ideas for your wedding day 
and honeymoon 
plus....
an added extra with our engagement diamond ring guide




the moment of popping the big question is very memorable to most and can be done 
with flair. however, the time that many grooms tend to forget to make romantic and 
memorable is the period of time about an hour or two before the wedding and the 
first couple days after it. this is a time that you can take full advantage of because 
you can make your fiancé feel very special with wedding 
day and honeymoon creative ideas. imagine, sending her a bottle of her 
favorite perfume minutes before the ceremony so that she can wear it. or maybe, 
preparing lunch for her and her bridesmaids to find in the parlor. don't forget 
putting a special note on her pillow at that honeymoon resort. show some sweetness 
with some or all of our ideas and watch her float down the aisle towards you with 
the biggest smile at the ceremony. whether for you or your best friend, this booklet 
is sure to infuse romance into your wedding. 
take advantage of our experience by using our simple
diamond engagement ring guide. we break down 
the basics on the 4 c's of buying the perfect diamond engagement rings. know before 
you go by reading the quick and easy engagement ring guide. then, enjoy the memorable 
moment when you place the engagement ring on her finger! 
we've compiled this booklet of proposal ideas from cases of the most romantic 
men and women who adored their partner enough to think of and carry out creative, 
thoughtful marriage proposals. we think that this marriage proposal book with all 
its bonus chapters will truly help spark your imagination and help you make a marriage 
proposal memory of a lifetime! 

here is how you can access 
these marriage proposal insights:
[click 
here to order "down on one knee" from amazon]
thank you and we congratulate you in advance on your creative proposal. we wish 
you much happiness and romance in your marriage!
email us your unique idea and it may be included in the next version of this 
e-book! send it to christy (at) namesharks (dot) com.


view quotes from happy 
fiancés | 
view the press release |
related links | 
order now

copyright © christy anderson. all trademarks are the property 
of their respective owners.  
if you have any questions or wish to contact us, you may email christy (at) namesharks 
(dot) com. 

* photo of couple by alfred gordon photography (941)751-9257; 
photographer of the year 1995-1996 


