



	blue rents | your event & inflatables rental solution in mobile







































				navigation:
			










select page:

select page..
home
contact blue rents
tents
trackless train





select category:

select category..
tents
tent add-ons
combos
dual lane waterslides
waterslides
bounce houses
obstacle courses
interactive games
dry slides
food machines
chairs & tables
carnival and mechanical rides
foam party
winter wonderland
linens and covers
experiences
portable restrooms
event equipment
stage and flooring





search products:






















251-610-4396
booking@bluerents.com






homeproducts tentstent add-onscombosdual lane waterslideswaterslidesbounce housesobstacle coursesinteractive gamesdry slidesfood machineschairs & tablescarnival and mechanical ridesfoam partywinter wonderlandlinens and coversexperiencesportable restroomsevent equipmentstage and flooringcontact blue rentstentstrackless train



























 





select delivery area:

select delivery area
axis
bay minette
bayou la batre
chickasaw
chunchula
citronelle
coden
creola
daphne
dauphin island
eight mile
fairhope
foley
grand bay
gulf shores
irvington
loxley
mobile 36602
mobile 36603
mobile 36604
mobile 36605
mobile 36606
mobile 36607
mobile 36608
mobile 36609
mobile 36610
mobile 36612
mobile 36615
mobile 36617
mobile 36618
mobile 36619
mobile 36688
mobile 36693
mobile 36695
picking up
robertsdale
saraland
satsuma
semmes
silverhill
spanish fort
stapleton
summerdale
theodore
wilmer
-- my area isn't listed --



search







search category

select date first
tents
tent add-ons
combos
dual lane waterslides
waterslides
bounce houses
obstacle courses
interactive games
dry slides
food machines
chairs & tables
carnival and mechanical rides
foam party
winter wonderland
linens and covers
portable restrooms
event equipment
stage and flooring

search








blue rents + cc's inflatables = your event rental solution
blue rents and cc's inflatables are together now and here at blue rents we are your event and party rental solution. no need to stress any more about what to have at the party. serving mobile and baldwin counties and the gulf coast. let our expert staff provide the fun for you. with our fun filled inflatables, foam party experiences, and event rental products kids will be excited and adults will be stress free. we are located local to mobile and baldwin counties and we are the best place to find event rental products, inflatables, and party supplies of all kinds. from tents and tables, to water slides and bounce houses, to interactive games and party supplies we have it all. checkout our inventory and click on one of the links below to view details on event rental products like tents, inflatables, interactives, obstacle courses, waterslides and more. 











						take a look at our inventory and book without delay !
					


tentscombosdual lane waterslideswaterslidesbounce housesobstacle coursesinteractive gamesdry slidesfood machineschairs & tablescarnival and mechanical rides
foam party













						about us
					





















welcome to blue rents, the top event rental solution in mobile and the gulf coast. we specialize in tent rentals, festivals, large events, backyard parties and concessions.our inventory is packed with fun inflatable waterslides, obstacle courses, and large and small tents. 
our service areas include all of mobile and baldwin counties as well as bordering counties in mississippi. we also service washington, monroe, conecuh, clarke, and escambia counties.
blue rents has been serving the mobile area for over 50 years. our original company known by cc's inflatables has been serving the gulf coast with inflatable rentals for 15+ years, but since we aquired blue rents and we offer other experiences we have adopted the name blue rents. 
our goal is simple, to provide you with a stress-free event rental experience so that you can focus on enjoyment. our customers include public and private schools, churches, corporate, and return customers. 
the staff at blue rents are ready to be at your service anytime. our website is open for booking 24/7 and you can easily contact us via text or call at (251) 610-4396. if you are the emailing type you are welcome to email chris taylor, owner and president, at chris@bluerents.com. we look forward to serving you in the highest regard and will make sure to bring the fun and leave you stress-free at your next event.








						all-aboard the blue rents express trackless train
					






10 nov trackless trainbluerents.com | (251) 610-4396just in time for the move to the holiday seasons of thanksgiving 5..























about us
blue rents is your event and party rental solution. no need to stress any more about what to have at the party. serving mobile and baldwin counties and all along the gulf coast. let our expert staff provide the event rental products you need to have a successful event. with our fun filled inflatables, tents, tables, chairs, foam party experiences, and event rental products everyone will be excited and you will be stress free.




where to find us
located at 6170 us-90 theodore, al 36582
follow us on social media
facebook:  www.facebook.com/bluerentsgulfcoast
instagram:  www.instagram.com/bluerents




contact us
251-610-4396
booking@bluerents.com








							copyright © 2025
							
homeprivacy policy






booking system by the bouncy castle network

















