







rainshade collies – the gold standard with the sterling reputation


























































































rainshade collies
the gold standard with the sterling reputation











home
about us

the rainshade story
about dr. vanderlip


our collies

see our collies
browse by coat color

blue merle
sable
sable merle
tricolor
white


puppy photos!
our guarantee
dna tests
exports
paintings


publications

books
pet articles
scientific publications
collie literature for sale


faqs
contact us

contact us
seminars














home














search for:



 sign up for the email list

see our collies
puppy photos!
browse by coat color:blue merle
sable
sable merle
tricolor
white
 rainshade collies are dearly loved here at home– and around the world!  rainshade collies have traveled to join families in almost every state in the united states. they have been exported to families in several countries, spanning four continents. wherever they go, rainshade collies enrich the lives of “their people” with years of love, laughter, entertainment, and close companionship. 
our sweet rainshade collie adventurers have each accomplished great things. several have earned championship and/or obedience, herding, and agility titles. some have served as therapy or service dogs.  other rainshade collies have appeared on television, graced the pages of books and magazines, served as commercial advertising models, and participated in community service activities. 
no matter where they go, or what they accomplish, rainshade collies fill people’s lives with joy and leave deep footprints on the hearts of everyone they meet!







this slideshow requires javascript.
rainshade collies relocated to boise, idaho in 2016!
rainshade collies are recognized and loved worldwide for their exquisite beauty, intelligence, sweet dispositions, versatility, and highly desired genetic qualities. rainshade collies are confident, biddable, well-socialized, and health guaranteed.
devoted, loving, and eager to please, rainshade collies represent the quintessential collie.
we invite you to explore this site, learn more about rainshade collies, and judge for yourself. have fun! but be careful! rainshade collies just might steal your heart!
sign up for email updates about available puppies.

all information and photos on this website are protected by copyright.
please contact dr. vanderlip for permission if you wish to use any material on this website.
 
 
 














©2025 rainshade collies                                                         



                                go to top                                







error: content is protected !!













