








noahs lost ark




































 





skip to content











menu


home
about us
hours & rates
tours
wish list
veterinary care
contact
 

















at noah’s lost ark know  we will make a differenceand we believe that by educating people about exotic animals in our society, that you can make a difference too!    a  b   




meet our rescues
lions   |  tigers | ligers  | cougars | leopards  | 
canines (wolves, coyote, fox) | small cats | bears | tortoise  | primates | other animals






welcome to noah's lost ark
noah's lost ark is a non-profit, charitable 501(c)(3) exotic animal sanctuary, located in berlin center, ohio, we are supported by  donations, members, sponsors, fund raising events, animal sponsorship programs and admission fees.
noah's lost ark is dependent on admission fees and donations in order to survive. your admission helps us help those who cannot speak for themselves.
our facility is dedicated to providing a permanent safe haven for unwanted and abused exotic animals. we are a no-kill facility that allows these magnificent animals the opportunity to live out the rest of their lives in a safe and caring environment. we provide a second chance to many of these animals, as they are innocent victims born into a captive world. they do not deserve to suffer or die because they get "too large" or "too expensive" to care for.

 read more



tour
we believe in educating the public about the plight of exotic and endangered animals in our society. that's why we are one of the few sanctuaries federally and state licensed that offers educational guided tours. if we do not take the time to educate people they will just go on without knowing they can make a difference.

we at noah's lost ark know we will make a difference.

take a walk on the wild side!













disclaimer: our rescues pictured herein are animals we have helped throughout the beginning of our existence since 1998. some of our beloved fur kids have passed over the rainbow bridge, other are off exhibit for the public to see as they may not be able to handle your company, others may be having health issues that need addressed. please be considerate when visiting. thank you.
dedicated to promoting conservation through education.
located right outside of canfield ohio between youngstown and akron, right off rt. 224 on bedell road past berlin lake campgrounds. we use only paypal for online credit card transactions which are secure and free! the use of any of the photographs on this website without the written permission of the photographer is strictly prohibited and violations will be pursued.
this website and all photographs are property of noah’s lost ark. all rights reserved.


                    web design: 

















