            
	corewell health
                        
        
 

    
search 
 


    





find a doctor


locations


medical services


about us


events


gme-alumni


more...















find a doctor


locations


medical services


about us


events


gme-alumni


more





  medical services 



medical services


featured services








a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z



























































for medical staff
search careers
giving











  about us  






                    news 
go 







  events  




                    events 
go 







  more...  











still can't find what you're looking for?













     
share  add to calendar see more date optionsall dates:
detailscost:
freedate:
 time:
 detailslocation name
google map
contactphone:
 email:
     
share      
share      





learn more














fewer risks,more rewards


open-heart surgery isn't the only way.

learn about tavr














applytoday


view openings














familieshappen here


a full-circle birth journey

read more






















start watchingview more




physician profile video: catharine roos, md (women’s health)
catharine roos, md, shares the many reasons why patients schedule an appointment with an obstetrician and gynecologist.







jan 25                            

share






physician video profile: eseosa edo-osagie, md (rheumatology)
eseosa edo-osagie, md is a rheumatologist caring for patients at corewell health rheumatology – royalton in st. joseph, mi.







jan 25                            

share






physician video profile: lori dotson, md (internal & integrative medicine)
lori dotson, md is an internal and integrative medicine physician focusing on holistic treatments for patients.







jan 25                            

share






physician video profile: harman fervaha, md (rheumatology)
harman fervaha, md is a rheumatologist caring for patients at corewell health rheumatology – royalton in st. joseph, mi.







jan 25                            

share






physician video profile: esther servillas, md (internal medicine)
esther servillas, md is a physician practicing internal medicine and geriatrics at corewell health primary care - royalton family and internal medicine in st. joseph, mi.







dec 22                            

share






physician video profile: barbara glassford, np (family medicine)
barbara glassford, np, offers a range of care for adults in the primary care setting, from routine wellness to coordinated care management for patients who may have more complex needs and see a variety of specialists.







dec 22                            

share






physician profile video: aubrey tompkins, cnm (women’s health)
certified nurse-midwife aubrey tompkins is a women’s health specialist seeing patients at corewell health southwestern medical women's health - niles.







dec 15                            

share






provider video profile: pansy samuel, n.p. (cardiology)
pansy samuel, np, is part of an experienced team at corewell health trained specifically to care for people with cardiovascular conditions.







dec 4                            

share






physician profile video: jeffrey grondin, m.d. (pulmonary & critical care)
jeffrey grondin, m.d. says the best part of his job is being able to change people’s lives, because when someone is struggling with a breathing issue, it can significantly impact their quality of life.







oct 30                            

share






patricia mccarthy, n.p. (pulmonary & critical care)
patricia mccarty’s, n.p., wide range of patient management experience enables her to connect with patients to understand the root causes of their condition and find solutions.







oct 30                            

share






physician video profile: garrett muhlstadt, d.o. (family medicine)
dr. muhlstadt empowers patients to feel educated and confident in their health and discover care plans best suited for their lifestyle.







oct 4                            

share






physician video profile: andrew vaughan, d.o. (general surgery)
as a surgical expert, dr. vaughan offers patients relief for various surgical concerns, including hernia, bowel and colon.







sep 22                            

share






check-up: a gentle approach to surgery (allison hoch, d.o.)
robotic minimally invasive surgery offers a gentle approach to care–with a smaller incision and significant benefits to your overall health.







sep 22                            

share






physician video profile: allison hoch, d.o. (general surgery)
dr. hoch is expertly skilled in the surgical treatment of numerous health issues, including a specialty focus on caring for hernia and gallbladder concerns.







sep 22                            

share






community grand rounds: black maternal and infant health panel discussion
learn how communities and health systems can come together to find solutions for inequities related to black maternal and infant health, including breastfeeding support.







sep 15                            

share






community grand rounds: black maternal and infant health summit
why do we need to bring awareness to black breastfeeding and the inequities in maternal and infant health? watch to learn about the historical and current experiences and policies that make it difficult to create equitable birth outcomes.







sep 15                            

share






check-up: understanding copd and its causes (jeffrey grondin, md)
copd can be triggered by genetic conditions and environmental factors at work and home.







sep 14                            

share






weight loss surgery: audrey henriquez "we can inspire change because life doesn’t stop"
as a mom of three, st. joseph resident audrey henriquez struggled with her weight and health for years and often felt like a spectator during family trips. support from corewell health turned her setbacks into a comeback.







sep 14                            

share






physician video profile: stephen komara, do (general surgery)
dr. komora provides guidance and care related to a broad spectrum of surgical concerns and health conditions.







aug 31                            

share






physician video profile: kamelia burrell-fowler, np (family medicine)
burrell-fowler’s approach to care is focused on listening, empowering and educating patients as they collaboration to develop a plan of care tailored to each unique individual.







aug 28                            

share







trending on lakelandview more








new corewell health facility improves primary care access  
in southwest michigan
corewell health primary care dowagiac is located at 520 main st. the facility will open its doors to new patients on may 29 and will operate monday through thursday from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., and friday from 8 a.m. to noon.











corewell health names new president for corewell health in southwest michigan
natalie baggio, rn, will become the new president of corewell health in southwest michigan, effective july 1. she will report to the system’s chief operating officer, darryl elmouchi, m.d., and also will actively engage with the health system’s leadership team.











corewell health center for wellness has relocated  

to expand local health services in benton harbor
the corewell health™ center for wellness has moved to a spacious new building around the corner from its original facility. the new space is approximately 24,000 square feet - nearly 20 times larger than the previous location, adding adequate room to expand community-based health services.











corewell health’s president 
in southwest michigan announces retirement
loren b. hamel, m.d., president, corewell health™ in southwest michigan, has announced his plan to retire on june 30, 2024.











new members appointed to corewell health south board of directors
corewell health welcomed two new members to its board of directors in southwest michigan. bertha king and stephen hempel, m.d., began three-year terms on jan. 1, 2024.











corewell health announces changes to board of directors, appoints new chair
today, corewell health™ announced changes to its board of directors, including the introduction of two new members, the appointment of a new chair and vice chair, and the departure of three founding board members.











corewell health, ymca increase access  
to healthy foods through veggie van™ partnership
the veggie van™, a mobile farmers market, served 13 counties throughout michigan this year, ensuring that free fruits and vegetables were available to individuals who otherwise had limited access. the program, a joint effort of corewell health™ and the ymca of greater grand rapids, launched in 2018 to combat food insecurity and will continue for a sixth consecutive year in spring 2024. through their partnership, 46,466 free pieces of produce were distributed to michigan families in 2023.











corewell health named a leading inclusion index company
corewell health™ was named to professional services and research firm seramount’s 2023 inclusion index. the recognition measures three key areas of an organization: best practices in the recruitment, retention and advancement of people from historically marginalized groups—women, racial/ethnic groups, people with disabilities and lgbtqia+ people; inclusive company culture; and demographic diversity.











south haven luminary fundraiser 
 for corewell health hospice & palliative care
community members are invited to support corewell health hospice & palliative care, formerly caring circle, by purchasing a luminary now through monday, nov. 20, at 3 p.m.











great lakes gastroenterology joins corewell health  
in southwest michigan
southwest michigan area residents can access gastroenterology services at a new corewell health™ facility, corewell health lakeland hospitals gastroenterology, 3903 hollywood road, st. joseph. the facility, formerly great lakes gastroenterology, joined corewell health on nov. 1.











drug take back day encourages community to dispose of  
unwanted medications
corewell health and berrien county sheriff department have teamed up to collect unused and unwanted prescription drugs for safe disposal. community members are invited to stop by corewell health lakeland hospital and corewell health care center on saturday, oct. 28, from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.











new general surgeon joins corewell health  
in southwest michigan
general surgeon andrew vaughan, d.o., joined the medical staff in southwest michigan. dr. vaughan will see patients alongside several board-certified surgeons and advanced practitioners at 3900 hollywood road, st. joseph.











corewell health welcomes new physician  
to diabetes and endocrinology
board-certified endocrinologist, inderpreet madahar, m.d., will join corewell health’s medical staff in southwest michigan. dr. madahar will see patients at corewell health diabetes and endocrinology – royalton, 3950 hollywood road, suite 288, st. joseph.











corewell health welcomes new primary care provider in coloma
family nurse practitioner andrea edgerly, n.p., has joined the corewell health™ medical staff in southwest michigan. edgerly is accepting new patients at corewell health watervliet hospital primary care - coloma, 6701 paw paw ave.











corewell health welcomes new nurse midwife
alexandra vroom, cnm, has joined corewell health™ in southwest michigan. vroom will see patients alongside three physicians and four other advanced practice providers at corewell health women’s health‐ royalton, 3950 hollywood road, suite 100, in st. joseph.











corewell health named a 2023 top 75 company  
for executive women
corewell health was named among the list of 2023 seramount top 75 companies for executive women.











local students complete corewell health’s growth internship program
recently, 20 local high school students in southwest michigan graduated from the corewell health™ 2023 growth internship program.











corewell health welcomes new general surgery provider
please welcome general surgeon brooke bredbeck, m.d., to the medical staff at corewell health lakeland hospitals general surgery ‐ royalton.











annual gala 2023
save the date for corewell health foundation southwest michigan's annual gala. this year’s theme is “coming together,” raising funds to benefit the patient assistance fund.











corewell health breaks ground on new $4.78 million 
care center in bridgman
leaders and medical staff from corewell health gathered on wednesday, aug. 30, with more than 70 community members and government officials to celebrate the groundbreaking of the new 10,000-square-foot corewell health care center in bridgman.











corewell health offers drive-through community flu clinics  
in southwest michigan
lakeland care network (lakeland care), in collaboration with corewell health, will offer drive-through community flu shots in september and october.











corewell health welcomes new primary care providers  
to southwest michigan
corewell health welcomes family medicine physicians jon ferlmann, do, garrett muhlstadt, do, and advanced practice provider kamelia burrell-fowler, np to the medical team.











corewell health lakeland hospital showcases art designed 
by boys and girls clubs of greater southwest michigan
in collaboration with the boys and girls clubs of greater southwest michigan, corewell health lakeland hospitals - st. joseph hospital is hosting an inaugural art show event, focusing on the power of art and creativity.











community grand rounds highlights disparities in maternal and infant health during black breastfeeding week
corewell health in southwest michigan will host the community grand rounds: black maternal and infant health summit on thursday, aug. 24, from 2 to 4:30 p.m.











corewell health lory’s place to host pet remembrance event in september
corewell health lory's place, a grief healing and education team, is hosting a pet remembrance celebration on sept. 1 from 4 to 5:30 p.m.







lakeland originalview more








 ready for an active retirement
 i finally found a solution to my knee pain.











 getting a second wind thanks to tavr
 the outcome has been spectacular.











 weathering through the storm
 i'm not living in fear anymore.











 standing together for better health
 getting help when you need it is bigger than you, especially when you are a caretaker.











 healthier in my 50s than my 30s
 what's important is that you're comfortable in your own skin and healthy.











 a full-circle birth journey
  i couldn't have asked for a better experience.











 taking medical advice to heart
 it felt great to reconnect with people from my community.











 a perfect place to recover
 watervliet is where i preferred to be











 finding phenomenal support
 little changes in my life have made a major impact in controlling my diabetes.











 my community helped me beat breast cancer twice
 i never felt alone.











 shifting gears
 take good care of yourself. if i didn't i might not have had the same result.











 a change in plans
 i feel grateful for the level of care my baby and i received.











 determined to find relief
 going to community bone and joint always felt like i was catching up with old friends. 











 honoring a wish to be at home
 with hospice, you get a whole team who knows how to do what you don't.











 accessible services improve health
 i got my blood sugar under control.











 right place, right time
 our baby was in great hands.











 scratched but not broken
 i continue to ride, be as safe as i can, and be thankful for the life i have.











 a celebration of life
 it was an immense blessing for our parents to have this support at the end of their lives.











 the importance of independence
 caring circle has been such a blessing for our family.











 healing years and decades after loss
 with the community at lory’s place, you know everyone there does understand.


























                                march
                            

                                5
                            



cooking for one
﻿taste, learn, and interact while watching chef lauri prepare recipes made for one. you are required to rsvp. 













                                march
                            

                                20
                            



family dynamics and grief: strategies for supporting young people through loss            nacg webcast
lory’s place is hosting a webcast on thursday, march 20 from 1:00-4:30pm. the webcast is broadcasted by the national alliance for children’s grief and the topic is family dynamics and grief: strategies for supporting young people through loss.













                                march
                            

                                25
                            



bingo and pizza
come and enjoy an evening of fun with bingo and pizza! 











join us & work somewhere awesome!
respiratory therapistthe respiratory care practitioner (crt/rrt) will assess, treat and administer respiratory care to patients. collects data relevant to pulmonary patient care and initiates appropriate respiratory care protocols.
                    

registered nurse (rn)-heart and vascular practiceevaluate care for specific patient populations using the nursing process of assessment, planning, implementation and evaluation. collaborate with clinic providers according to patient care needs..
                    

certified sterile processing techas a member of central processing, the primary goal is to prevent the spread of microorganisms that can cause disease by ensuring that all medical devices and instruments used in procedures are properly cleaned, disinfected, and
                        sterilized..
                    

urologistare you seeking to join an established practice that offers access to the latest technology in minimally-invasive surgery? lakeland urology is adding a full time urologist to our dedicated team of providers in st. joseph.
                    




   


our missionimprove health, instill humanity and inspire hope.
















published on 



share



















 



 





     copyright © 2025 corewell health. all rights reserved. 
                 select your language           
        hospital
      
