






brazil travel guide
















home 
where to go


major destinations
amazon
rio de janeiro region
sao paulo region
iguassu falls
bahia & salvador
fortaleza, cearã¡
recife region
lenã§ois maranhenses
pantanal
fernando noronha
florianopolis
other destinations
tours-packages
cruises



when to go to...


jan, feb, mar, apr, may, jun, jul, aug, sep, oct, nov, dec
amazon forest
bahia, salvador
fortaleza, cearã¡
iguassu falls
pantanal
recife
rio janeiro
sao paulo
others



maps & distances & weather


best time to visit
weather
rain, temperatures
seawater temperatures
brazilian maps list
distances



fun & sports


carnival
nightlife fun
golf
fishing
windsurf
scuba diving



people


people
culture
history
african culture
books



more


hotels
flights
books
facts about...
health vaccination
music
quiz



















brazil travel guide & truly lifetime holidays

brazil offers excellent and unique travel features.  
brazil has the world’s largest rainforest and river (the amazon), the most spectacular waterfalls of the world (iguassu), the greatest american concentration of wildlife (the pantanal), the world's longest stretch of tropical beaches and the most popular street festival (the brazilian carnival). 
      besides, brazilians have a truly amazing way of facing life, especially in the northeast and in the rio de janeiro region. the intensity with which way of facing life and their sympathy is truly remarkable. 
top brazilian travel destinations

          amazon and manaus 
        if you want to enjoy the immense green of the rainforest, with its aquatic environment and wildlife, you should consider manaus, at the centre of the amazon basin. 
 for more information: 
amazon tours & manaus

        the iguassu falls 
        the world's most spectacular waterfalls are situatedâ along the border between brazil and argentina. as eleanor roosevelt allegedly said, when confronted with their magnificence: niagara compared to iguassu is just like a water drop. besides, they are bordered by a luxuriant tropical forest, which  can be explored by boat, bike or by plane. 
for more information: 
the iguassu falls
tropical year round beaches 
        many of the most amazing beaches of the world are brazilian – some are near rio de janeiro, but most of them are in the northeastern and north coastline. 
for more information: 
brazilian beaches
beaches as rio, with cosmopolitism, night life, animation
tropical beaches as bahia

        the brazilian pantanal 
        a rather unknown animal reserve, sized larger than france and with floods every year, the pantanal is a key travel destination for those who do not fear the mud and adventure in order to watch bird and wild life  like nowhere else in america. 
for more information:
pantanal
unique cities 
        rio de janeiro has a unique mixture of beach life, music, nightlife and astonishing natural landscape. salvador da bahia, with its strong african culture, is another unique city; exoticism, music, dance, cuisine, optimism, companionship and a permanent parade of ceremonies and events in a blend of catholicism and african religions are salvador da bahia's trademark. 
for more information:
entertainment, night life, cuisine and shopping in rio de janeiro
entertainment, night life, cuisine and shopping in sao paulo
entertainment, night life, cuisine and shopping in bahia

back to top
amazon vacations

        traveling into the brazilian amazon rain forest is an unique experience. nobody is immune to feeling small and wonder at the immensity of green and water of the world's biggest rainforest.
 just take into account when to go and where (manaus would be a good idea) to go. 
for more information: 
amazon tours: manaus, safety, climate
amazon river cruises and tours

fun and nightlife in brazil

        for entertainment and nightlife, rio de janeiro is the number one choice. 
but bahia (salvador), with its exoticism and unique musical traditions, or even sao paulo (a big metropolis of over 15 million people, with lots of restaurants, clubs, bars and night clubs and discos), are also places to consider. 
for more information, see: 
entertainment, night life, cuisine and shopping in brazil
best time to go to brazil

        brazil is a large country with several climate zones. it's usually helpful to consider a two-season   pattern for the north and the northeast coast, or for te amazon, that is, a rain and dry season. 
but that's not the case in sao paulo, or further south. here we should consider a four season weather pattern (though cold weather spells are uncommon, and restricted).
 these and other factors, should be considered when visiting brazil. the most popular times are not necessarily the best time to go. an example:  the best time to visit the amazon is the the driest months (june to september, in manaus) though most people visit the amazon during the hotter and rainiest time: january, february and march.
for more information: 
best weather seasons and months: visiting brazil in in jan, feb, mar, ap, may, june, july, aug, sep, oct, nov, dec 
best time to go to brazil
brazil's climate and weather
maps and distances
      
maps of brazil, cities and regions
distances between the main brazilian travel destinations
 
 
partner site:  pandemic economics
 







 

 
 top
















 


follow us:    

 









share


©2013 brazil-travel-guide.com




