


















  











home | math and computer science









      skip to main content
    








nmu_torch 


math and computer science







math and computer science navigation


about us





dept - 01


department head's message


faculty & staff


resources









degree programs





dept - 02


graduate programs


undergraduate programs


computer science courses


mathematics courses


request information









students





dept - 03


academic support


careers


computer labs


events


gre prep


internships


math placement


schedules and syllabi


scholarships


student organizations


tutor labs









alumni & friends





dept - 04


nmu alumni home


nmu foundation


online giving form


update alumni record












apply







nmu_torch 


northern michigan university





future students







admissions - undergraduate
academic programs
tuition and fees
housing
financial aid
military and veterans
graduate admissions
online programs
international programs
orientation
visit campus
wellbeing




request information








image


   







northern offers its 7,600 students an abundance of opportunities to explore their interests
                  in and out of the classroom. from our brand new residence halls to our groundbreaking
                  academic programs, we invite you to start your story at a school that can offer you the
                  world -- whatever you want that world to look like.








current students







undergraduate catalog
graduate catalog
academic and career advisement center
dean of students
center for student enrichment
counseling and consultation services
health center
sports and recreation
registrar
university calendars
mynmu
educat
wellbeing




all student resources








image


   







northern students are deeply involved in real-world scientific and creative research, professional
                  conferences and educational community service from the start. present at a national conference,
                  travel abroad, or earn a leadership role in a student organization. what will you do at nmu?








community







athletics
alumni association
nmu foundation
northern center
continuing education
educational access network (ean)
parents
youth programs
northern today
events calendar
tickets








image


   







northern's campus is right in the heart of marquette, mi and stretches all the way to the sandy shores
                  of lake superior. northern has a distinctive sense of place – some refer to it as the upper hand,
                  but we refer to it as "home".








give


nmu home




apply







search nmu








nmu search tools






search




 
 
select a department
aaup
academic & career advisement center
academic affairs, provost & vp
academic senate
admissions
alumni relations
anthropology
archives
art & design, school of
arts & sciences, college of
audio-visual services
auditor, internal
auxiliary services
beaumier u.p. heritage center
biology
board of trustees, secretary of
bookstore
broadcast & audio-visual services
business intelligence/information services
business, w.l. cisler college of
campus recreation
career services
center for teaching & learning
charter schools
chemistry
clinical sciences, school of
comm/broadcasting/journalism
communication & media studies
communications & performance studies
computing helpdesk
continuing education/workforce development
controllers office
counseling & consultation services
criminal justice
dean of students
degree evaluation
dining services-cat trax
dining services-central office
dining services-fieras
dining services-northern center
dining services-starbucks
dining services-the lights
disability services
diversity & inclusion
earth, environmental & geographical sciences
economics
education/leadership/public service, school of
educational access network
educational development, center for
engineering & planning
engineering technology
english
english as a second language
equal opportunity
eval ser & adms to col of bus
extended learning/community engagement
facilities operations
finance & administration, vice president
finance and planning
financial aid
financial services
first year programs
golf course
graduate studies & research, college of
health center
health sciences/professional studies, college of
health/human performance, school of
history
honors program
housing & residence life
human resources
institutional effectiveness
instructional technology
intercollegiate athletics/rec sports
internal audit/risk management
international education services
international programs
invent@nmu
languages/literatures/international studies
learning resources division
library
library instructional support/archives
library instructional support/library
library/instructional support
lis / beaumier heritage center
lis / instructional design technology
mail services & warehouse
marketing
mathematics/computer science
mcnair scholars
military science
modern languages and literatures
multicultural education & resource center
music
native american studies, center for
network infrastructure center
network operations center
nmu center for rural health
nmu foundation
nmu police department
nmu-u.s. olympic training site
northern center & event services
northern michigan rural health
northern student experience
nursing
office of research and sponsored programs
orientation
payroll
people, culture and wellbeing
philosophy
physics
plant operations
political science
practical nursing program
president, office of the
printing services
psychological science
purchasing
records
registrar
registration & scheduling
retired
risk & insurance
rural community & economic development, center for
safety department
seaborg center
sisu: innovation institute-nmu
social work
sociology/anthropology
speech/language/hearing sciences
student affairs and success
student enrichment, center for
student equity/engagement center
student leader fellowship program
student service center
student support services
superior edge
technology & applied sciences, school of
technology & occupational sciences, college of
technology asset/business management
technology support services
telecom operations
theatre & dance
ticket office
ticketing, promotions & events
title ix
transportation office
university marketing and communications
up north films
upward bound math & science
vendor payables
veteran services
wellbeing
wnmu-fm
wnmu-tv




a-z index
keyword search
master calendar


department directory
nmu people search





popular searches



 athletics
 my nmu
 academic calendar
 housing
 scholarships
 human resources
 deans list
 tuition












   





northern michigan university, located in marquette, mi, is a dynamic four-year, public, comprehensive university. explore our website and see all that nmu has to offer.












math and computer science


























math and computer science

students will find strong programs in mathematics, computer science and mobile and web app development as well as mathematics education at nmu. the department also provides a solid background for students wanting to pursue careers in actuarial sciences, medicine, dentistry, health professions, architecture, electronic engineering and business.










experience learning


at northern, you’ll have the opportunity to dig into research projects and experience emerging technologies in our specialty labs. work with robots and the latest mathematics modeling tools and programming platforms, perhaps creating video games or new forms of life through artificial intelligence. travel and even present your work at such events as the argonne national symposium in chicago and at mctm and nctm conferences across the country. in and out of the classroom, you’ll work side-by-side with your professors and peers, applying concepts to real-world situations and vice-versa.







career excellence


actuary, mathematician, and software engineers rank in the top ten of the best jobs of 2015 according to the jobsrated.com report. computer systems analyst and network computer systems administrator also made the list.








degrees offered







masters


master of science in mathematics
master of computer science






bachelor degree


computer sciencedata scienceembedded systemsmathematicsmobile and web app developmentsecondary education mathematics






minor


actuarial sciences minorcomputer science minormathematics minormathematical statistics minorsecondary education mathematics minor





















what you'll do at nmu
as an nmu student, your opportunities to get involved on campus and in the community are boundless. compete against students from major universities throughout the world in the acm north central north american regional programming contest. or join the student chapter of the association for computing machinery and help plan and host the nmu invitational programming contest, involving as many as 24 teams. join the math club and help plan and host the annual u.p. high school math challenge. serve as a math mentor. spend friday nights with fellow unix aficionados. or get a foot in the door with a major computer company such as intel as an intern. whatever you choose to do, you’ll have the personal attention and support of talented, caring teachers every step of the way.​








mission statement


the overarching mission of the department of mathematics and computer science is to serve society through education and scholarship within and across each of our disciplines: mathematics, mathematics education, and computer science. specifically, our primary mission is to guide our students in the acquisition and development of a suite of skills necessary for the pursuit of a professional career in or further academic study of mathematics, mathematics education, and computer science. an additional mission of the department is to provide service and liberal studies courses for the broader university community, fostering critical and independent thinking, creative problem solving, and lifelong learning habits in all students. the department is committed to furthering the professional development of mathematics teachers through its master’s degree in mathematics education and to increasing the educational options for all post-graduate students in the mathematical sciences. finally, in support of our educational efforts, the department fosters an atmosphere of inquiry and innovation through original contributions to each of the department’s academic disciplines and their associated professions.






program mission statement


computer science is the study of what is possible through computation. it is also the creative exploration of how to achieve these possibilities. computers are the ultimate machines because they can be reconfigured (programmed) in an infinite number of ways. a computer science degree provides a deep and thorough understanding of modern computers, from their theoretical limitations to the next great leap in their practical application.
the study of mathematics develops the critical and analytical skills needed in medicine, law, business, and industry, and supports majors such as physics, chemistry, biology, psychology, economics, sociology, geography, and engineering, among others. it provides an understanding of the contributions of mathematics to philosophy, the arts, science and technology, and provides an exciting intellectual experience.
programs in secondary or elementary mathematics education prepare teachers for k-12 classrooms.
successful completion of a computer science, mathematics or mathematics education major prepares students for graduate work in mathematics or computer science and for professions in statistics, applied mathematics, computer science and teaching.










      mathematics and computer science department
  

math_cs@nmu.edu906-227-2020click here if you have college credit and want to find out what will transfer to nmu





stay connected with northern michigan university. #sharenmu



facebook






instagram






x






youtube






linkedin






tiktok





















              share your story!
          




facebook












x












linkedin













resources

a to z
about nmu
academic affairs
campus map
equal opportunity/title ix
faculty and staff
library
master calendar
mi student aid website
university marketing and communications
working at nmu



technology

educat
educational access network (ean)
mynmu



friends

alumni
athletics
bookstore
nmu foundation
invent@nmu
national training site
northern today



contact

admissions questions
nmu board of trustees
office of the president
privacy statement



1401 presque isle 
      marquette, mi 49855-5301
      906-227-1000






nmu_torch northern michigan university







campus_safety_logo 







©2025 nmu board of trustees.
      nmu is an equal opportunity institution.
view accessible
        formats for documents on this page.


northern michigan university is located on the ancestral homelands of the anishinaabe
      three fires confederacy. gichi-namebini ziibing is the traditional name of marquette.












