



  


yosemite lodging rentals & vacation homes













































skip to main content










search for:


 
 
 
 










 



home
yosemite national park lodging
gallery
weather
how to get to yosemite
 
 
 
 
 



 










lodging 



amenities 



travel 



weather 



gallery 



activities 

 
 

yosemite national park
free gems clash of clans is required completely the actual visitor (simply no get a hold of important). it release is risk-free with out possibility of adware or even pc virus. aside from, there is a free version of gemstone get into that you could install for a system (os, robot) and then use it in the gameplay.
save on your yosemite accommodations and book now. more space, more privacy and great prices! act fast, these offers won’t last long.
    ahwahnichi lodge  clark cabin  explorer’s retreat  golden trout       
time to book!
see all availabilities on our booking calendar; click below to see the whole year’s vacancies at a glance!
 book now!contact us       
 lodging information.
please note: yosemite west is a remote community set just outside the boundary of yosemite national park in the sierra national forest. there are no stores or restaurants in the immediate area. the closest grocery store or restaurant is 30 minutes away in either yosemite valley or wawona to the south.
cell phone reception is very spotty and varies depending on which unit you are occupying. the cell phone system in yosemite was recently upgraded to a 3g system; if your cell phone registers 2 or 3 bars consistently then you will have success logging on to the internet as a personal hot spot if you prefer (if you have that optional service with your cell provider).
secure wifi internet is available in the yosemite cabin.
this situation is the same at el portal, foresta, and wawona, although there is cell phone reception in wawona, which is located over an hour from yosemite valley
internet is available at the wawona hotel to the south and at the yosemite lodge (see the front desk for access codes), ahwahnee hotel main building, curry village at the pavilion and degnan’s deli in yosemite village next to the yosemite post office. the wifi at degnan’s is very high speed and very reliable. cell phone reception is strongest in yosemite village at the east end of yosemite valley and at glacier point. there is coverage at tuolumne meadows through verizon. specific coverage varies, depending on carrier.
none of the rental units have air conditioning. you will find that most accommodations in yosemite national park do not offer air conditioning. there is a ceiling and/or portable fan in every unit to help circulate air. even on the hottest days the temperature drops considerably after the sun goes down. simply open your windows and a cool breeze will soon fill your unit.
prices and availability subject to change without notice. prices listed are in us dollars.











prices and availability subject to change without notice. prices listed are in us dollars. yosemite's scenic wonders not responsible for typographical errors. please call for the most current rates.

copyright © 1998-2018 yosemite's scenic wonders vacation rentals. all rights reserved.











