





treadmill ratings reviews - getting the right treadmill for your body and budget!


























































 menu




home
best treadmills buyer's guide about us treadmill finder blog  















comparing the nordictrack 1750 vs. 2450 treadmills [2024 review]






when it comes to fitness equipment, a few differences in features can make all the difference. feature variations can have a big impact not only on the usability of the machine, but the features can also greatly impact the price. with so many treadmills out there, it can get a bit confusing deciding which treadmill […]

read more






help! my treadmill turns on… but the belt won’t move






a dreaded thing has happened. you stepped on your treadmill to complete your workout, the treadmill turns on, you pop in your headphones, but wait… the belt won’t move. a treadmill is a machine, and any device can break down. some repairs need a professional’s expertise. however, some simple ones, like fixing a treadmill belt […]

read more






how to bypass ifit on a nordictrack treadmill






in the world of fitness, ifit is all the rage. ifit is an advanced interactive fitness technology that is exclusive to nordictrack and proform treadmills. ifit offers alluring workout programs, many that come with high-energy trainers, and some that keep you engaged using google maps. many people think that ifit is a mandatory subscription, without […]

read more






how to reset a nordictrack treadmill






over the years, we have had minimal complaints to us from users that own nordictrack treadmills. these machines rarely give any trouble, and they’re durable pieces of fitness equipment. still, in the event of equipment malfunction, it’s important to know how to reset a nordictrack treadmill so that you can troubleshoot any issues. simply follow […]

read more






where to buy a treadmill in chicago, illinois






if you’re looking for a treadmill for sale in chicago, illinois, you’ve come to the right place. in this article, we’ve researched and chosen the best stores to shop for a treadmill in chicago. let’s jump right in! #1: top fitness store  the best place to find a treadmill for sale in chicago is top […]

read more






how to turn on a nordictrack treadmill






if you just purchased a new or used nordictrack treadmill, congratulations! buying a new treadmill is exciting, but sometimes they can be difficult to figure out. if you need help figuring out how to turn on your nordictrack treadmill, keep reading because this article is for you. no matter what model that you have, and […]

read more






where to find a treadmill for sale in columbia, sc






if you’re located in or near columbia sc, and you’re ready to get started (or maybe revamp) your fitness routine with a treadmill for your home; this article for you. there are a ton of fitness equipment stores around that sell both new and used treadmills. so, it might be difficult for you to decide […]

read more






where to find a treadmill for sale in houston






most treadmill brands maintain a strong presence on leading ecommerce platforms, making their products, information, and even accessories readily available at the click of a button, no matter where you live. however, fitness equipment, and treadmills in particular, have gained a reputation similar to other goods, where people want to see the product before buying. […]

read more






how to train for a marathon on a treadmill






there are times during the year when the weather makes it tough to perform your marathon training outside. even short runs in hot conditions might feel like they last forever. and cold weather… where should i start? it might make it difficult to get your scheduled workout completed. not to mention that shorter days and […]

read more






best cheap treadmills: can you buy a treadmill under $200?






written by fitness enthusiast brook norris if you don’t want to get behind on your fitness goals, a gym membership isn’t an option, and expensive fitness equipment isn’t in the cards for you, a treadmill under $200 might be a good solution. maybe you’ve seen or used a treadmill at the gym, but never thought […]

read more







1
2
3
…
15
» next page




as seen on
  
 
 
 








quick links
best treadmill under $500
best treadmill under $1000
best treadmill under $1500


treadmill resources
blog
coupon & sales
meet our team


affiliate disclosure
we have an affiliate relationship with fitness equipment manufacturers, however we always keep our reviews honest and objective to help you find the best treadmill for your needs. 
earning disclosure









big savings on top models!
commercial grade for home usenordictrack commercial x32iget dealconsumer favorite sole f85get dealbudget buyhorizon 7.0 at get dealtop ratedproform pro 9000 get deal
 


			x			











