


if i were president





















    
	if i were president
	
  
the purpose of this blog originally was to post about things i would do if i were president. it is a light hearted blog that has expanded to become a personal blog for my thoughts on anything.





saturday, november 05, 2011



	 
	 falling back again  - bummer
	 
    


if i were president the first thing i would do is sign an executive order that kept daily savings time all year round. i really dislike "falling back" and "springing forward", but i would like the extra daylight hours all year round. ps. it's been a while since i have written on this blog. i am considering starting a new blog to continue what i started here. let me know if you want to hear me talk about the tea party, occupy wallstreet and all that is the mess we call politics in the us. for now, see ya later...



posted by gmanty at 3:59 pm
1 comments






saturday, january 16, 2010




	 political correctness in 2010
	 



from what i can tell, i am fairly sure that saying the word "constitution" is no longer politically correct :)



posted by gmanty at 5:28 pm
3 comments






monday, january 04, 2010




	 stop global warming before...
	 



someone needs to stop this global warming thing before houston turns into an iceberg... brrr... it's freaking cold here!



posted by gmanty at 10:23 pm
0 comments






thursday, november 05, 2009




	 i discovered the real cause of global warming!
	 



i was watching some politicians on tv the other day and finally figured out the real cause of global warming.you want to know what it is?i am pretty sure global warming is caused by all the hot air released by politicians over the course of the history of the earth.



posted by gmanty at 9:17 pm
0 comments






wednesday, october 01, 2008




	 my alternative to the bailout plan
	 



it's been a while since i wrote anything on this blog, but the current political landscape has forced me to revise my presidential platform. there wasn't anything wrong with my old platform, but since i recently was made aware of the fact that money grows on trees i have decided a new platform is in order.what do you mean money grows on trees?what? you haven't heard? according to republicans and democrats money grows on trees! case in point...the legislative branch of government (who i still think should be replaced by monkeys) wants to give 700 billion (not million, billion) dollars to bailout banks in this country.according to the irs about 110 million people in the us filed their taxes last year. sure, everyone in the us pays sales tax, but for the sake of argument let's divide the 700 billion dollars across the 110 million reported taxpayers. this results in each of us paying around 10,000 dollars in taxes on the bailout. hmmm... i don't have 10,000 dollars to hand over to the government do you? i guess it will come from the magic money trees they have in washington. what, that's not enough proof that republicans and democrats think money grows on trees? well, did you know that both presidential candidates want to spend more money on new projects if they become president? according to a study i recently read, john mccain wants to spend about $92 billion more dollars then we currently are spending and barak obama wants to spend about $292 billion more than we are currently spending. but both candidates say that they won't increase our taxes. the evidence speaks for itself:money grows on trees!in light of this news, i have decided to change my platform.from this point on, i am replacing my plan to give every voter a free ipod and in it's place i will create a new better plan called the "no child shall have to work" plan. under this plan, i will give every us citizen 1 million dollars... no wait a second... since money grows on trees let's make that 20 million dollars. yes, you heard me right. vote for me and every man, women and child in the united states (even illegal immigrants) will get 20 million dollars a piece. i will create the first country where everyone is a millionaire. no resident of the united states will ever have to work another day in their lives. i will completely eliminate poverty in this country once and for all. the founding fathers would be so proud. additionally, i will set up posh country clubs with golf courses in every neighborhood in the us. and we will never have another housing crisis in this country, because everyone will have plenty of money to pay their loans. in fact, since money grows on trees i am going to throw in a free mansion complete with maid service and a butler for every man and woman and child in this country. this will be the greatest country ever. if this doesn't get me elected i don't know what will!so, remember when you go to the polls this november vote "george brian manty" for president. since i don't have a running mate yet, for now you can just write in mickey mouse as my running mate. i figure mickey can sit around doing nothing as well as any other vice president...



posted by gmanty at 8:10 am
7 comments






tuesday, july 15, 2008




	 it's official - i am running for president in 2008
	 



i thought i wouldn't run for president in 2008, but i changed my mind. i am tired of this country being controlled by special interest groups that don't care about the welfare of this country!so....it's official i am running for president in 2008. i will be running on the same platform i mentioned here before.watch the video below to see for yourself:  



posted by gmanty at 6:38 pm
0 comments






friday, october 12, 2007




	 yep, this is why we homeschool
	 



one of the many reasons we homeschool, is incidents like  this.if i were president the education system would change dramatically... no more creating sheep.



posted by gmanty at 9:49 am
1 comments






wednesday, april 18, 2007




	 6 steps to  happiness
	 



1. go over to google maps at http://maps.google.com/.2. click  on "get directions".3. type in "new york" for starting place.4. type in  "london" for ending place.5. click "get directions".6. you can either read the directions (which can be fun by itself) or if you just can't wait then scroll down to direction #23 and read it.pretty fun trip, eh?



posted by gmanty at 6:45 am
2 comments






friday, march 16, 2007




	 grassroots
	 



i just found this interesting site that encourages regular citizens, like you and me, to run for office. they have an interesting campaign platform reform that they are pushing.click here to check it out.so maybe i should do this, eh?maybe i should ask them about their position on ants first...



posted by gmanty at 1:46 pm
0 comments






friday, january 12, 2007




	 congress doesn't really care about you
	 



how crazy is this... i just read here that congress has proposed a bill to help prevent people from contacting them through the many grassroots online campaigns that have started up over the past few years. they are tired of hearing from you. they don't care about what we really think. that is just so wrong, it's not even funny!  well, it might be funny if they were monkeys...



posted by gmanty at 6:01 pm
0 comments






friday, december 29, 2006




	 top ten reasons to elect me as president in 2008
	 



people are starting to position themselves to run in 2008. so i figure that if any of you were planning on starting a grass roots campaign to get me elected, now is the time to do so. therefore, i thought i would go ahead and list the top ten reasons you should elect me as your president in 2008. so here goes:10. i will make the day after the super bowl a natinonal holiday. 9. i would reduce poverty by closing down all the walmarts around the country.8. every person around the world will get a 20 dollar gift certificate from the us. this will help improve the likeability of the us on an international level. (thanks to david letterman for this suggestion).7. i will lead the us to victory over terrorism with my ant teleportation plan.6. i will create a new government agency dedicated to the eradication of spam. the anti-spam agency would start by instituting the national no-spam week.5. i will veto all silly/stupid laws that only benefit special interests and not the people.4. i will institute daylight savings time year round.3. i will elminate ants from us soil!2. *all us citizens will get a free ipod. those of you voting more than once in the election will only recieve extra free ipods if your additional votes were cast for me.1. i will blog the presidency! so, there you go. if you need any more reasons just refer people to my unbeatable platform. *if it will help get me elected we might even give out free ipods to people whose pets vote for me.



posted by gmanty at 10:47 pm
6 comments






thursday, december 21, 2006




	 i need to learn how to draw cartoons
	 



apparently, i need to learn how to draw cartoons in 2007. because cartoonists will be taking over the world in 2007.  maybe i can just convice one of them to let me run the us anyway...



posted by gmanty at 7:12 am
0 comments






friday, november 17, 2006




	 no child left behind - football version!
	 



my wife just emailed this to me. the author is unknown. it sums up how many teachers feel about the "no child left behind" program. if you aren't a teacher and/or do not know much about athletics, especially football, then this might not make sense.no child left behind ---the football version1. all teams must make the state playoffs and all must win the championship. if a team does not win the championship, they will be on probation until they are the champions, and coaches will be held accountable. if after two years they have not won the championship their footballs and equipment will be taken away until they do win the championship.2. all kids will be expected to have the same football skills at the same time even if they do not have the same conditions or opportunities to practice on their own. no exceptions will be made for lack of interest in football, a desire to perform athletically, or genetic abilities or disabilities of themselves or their parents.all kids will play football at a proficient level!3. talented players will be asked to work out on their own, without instruction. this is because the coaches will be using all their instructional time with the athletes who aren't interested in football, have limited athletic ability or whose parents don't like football.4. games will be played year round, but statistics will only be kept in the 4th, 8th, and 11th game.it will create a new age of sports where every school is expected to have the same level of talent and all teams will reach the same minimum goals. if no child gets ahead, then no child gets left behind.if parents do not like this new law, they are encouraged to vote for vouchers and support private schools that can screen out the non-athletes and prevent their children from having to go to school with bad football players.ps. if i were elected president, the "no child left behind" program would get left behind...



posted by gmanty at 12:35 pm
1 comments










	 democrat and rebublicans take two years off?
	 



my brother just sent me this article on yahoo.  how funny!if only it were true...



posted by gmanty at 11:07 am
0 comments






monday, october 23, 2006




	 candidate wants to use textbooks to protect against bullets???
	 



i just had to write about this story. a candidate for state superintendent of schools in oklahoma wants schools to buy thick used textbooks for students to put under the desks. if there is a potential shooting situation, they could pull out those thick textbooks and use them as sheilds to protect against the bullets. i could see a whole industry being created for this:    bob's used books - the best shields in town!    keep your kids safe - buy the strongest, widest, used books in town!    john's second hand books - when you want to make sure your kids make it home!     our used books are reinforced with kevlar for extra protection! i guess books aren't just for learning anymore. uggh!



posted by gmanty at 11:34 am
0 comments






saturday, september 30, 2006




	 the smart way to keep people passive and obedient
	 



my wife just sent me a very interesting quote:"the smart way to keep people passive and obedient is to strictly limit the spectrum of acceptable opinion, but allow very lively debate within that spectrum." – noam chomsky, american linguist and u.s. media and foreign policy critic. isn't that american today? (political correctness, etc...)what do you think?



posted by gmanty at 9:16 pm
0 comments






thursday, september 28, 2006




	 new york city is crazy
	 



you may recall that i believe "texas is better than new york", well i just saw further proof that this is true. apparently, new york city is considering banning trans fats. my wife jill and her friend laura have a blog that covers natural family news. so i am all for supporting and promoting better health. however...what the heck???do the people in new york city's government not know that this is a free country?i am so glad to be a texan, because as long as we have our shotguns nobody will try to take away our french fries...



posted by gmanty at 7:48 am
0 comments






wednesday, september 27, 2006




	 president of three countries at once?
	 



hey, i just read this article about a shadow government being created between the us, mexico and canada. it kind of makes sense to me. we should definitely consider improving our relationships with our two border countries. however, i am not sure that the methods being used don't violate our constitution (not that we pay much attention to the constitution anymore). anyway, the official government website is spp.gov. it's fairly interesting.i wonder if i could just head up the spp instead of becoming president of the us? then i would be in charge of three countries!  imagine that, the united states, canada, and mexico all would become...ant free countries! 



posted by gmanty at 10:32 am
0 comments






monday, september 25, 2006




	 phew!
	 



last month i mentioned that some of oprah's fans want her to run for president.well, i just read some good news...oprah is not running for president!  phew, i still have a chance in 2008.



posted by gmanty at 1:22 pm
0 comments






sunday, september 03, 2006




	 big brother all-stars fun
	 



my wife and i have a tv blog and i just wanted to let you know that if you watch big brother all stars you are going to want to go see my latest post by clicking here. my wife came up with the idea for the post and i filled in the blanks and wrote it. hope you enjoy it...



posted by gmanty at 8:58 pm
1 comments














about me

name:  gmanty 
location:  houston, texas, united states 
view my complete profile

previous posts

falling back again  - bummer
political correctness in 2010
stop global warming before...
i discovered the real cause of global warming!
my alternative to the bailout plan
it's official - i am running for president in 2008
yep, this is why we homeschool
6 steps to  happiness
grassroots
congress doesn't really care about you

archives

august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
march 2007
april 2007
october 2007
july 2008
october 2008
november 2009
january 2010
november 2011

our blogs


uncommon unique baby names
on our tv
american idol
the apprentice
natural product reviews
vegetarian recipes
baby names
baby videos
baby shower videos
make big money online
summer olympics news
jill manty
free website promotion
winter olympics news
natural family news
positive sports news
if i were president
thankful blog
2006 winter olympics blog


links

site feed

know home schooling

houston web marketing

houston web design

cypress web design company

internet marketing consulting

baby shower gifts

baby shower games

dinosaurs for kids

social media marketing services

website marketing newsletter

seo software reviews

the learning stadium high school math tutoring

conroe chiropractor

baby directory

cypress tx homes

custom wordpress development




if i were president blog - copyright 2004-2010 by george manty. 








