
    


            home - association of racing commissioners international		
































 






×
homehomeaboutaboutmodel rules & standardsracing regulatory jurisdictionsboard of directorsuniform classification guidelines - version 18.1newsnewsrecent regulatory rulingscommitteescommitteesauditors and wagering committee memberscontinuing education and training committeedrug testing standards and practices committeeequine welfare and veterinarians committee memberslicensing and technology committeeregulatory attorney's committee membersmeetingsjob boardjob boardsubmit an opening
search
member login





×

log in to member area









forgot password?











homeaboutaboutmodel rules & standardsracing regulatory jurisdictionsboard of directorsuniform classification guidelines - version 18.1newsnewsrecent regulatory rulingscommitteescommitteesauditors and wagering committee memberscontinuing education and training committeedrug testing standards and practices committeeequine welfare and veterinarians committee memberslicensing and technology committeeregulatory attorney's committee membersmeetingsjob boardjob boardsubmit an opening
login












 










member login

mobile menu







 


  







							collaborative and open policymaking
						
the arci strongly believes that the best regulatory policy is developed through expert briefings and open dialogue with those affected.





							anti-doping and sensible medication control
						
when a doping or medication violation is found, it is extremely rare for arci members to be overturned in the courts.





							safe horses and honest sport
						
arci standards have a simple mission: safeguard horses and give every participant and fan and honest contest.





							best practice standards for all breeds
						
the arci recognizes the differences in racing thoroughbreds, standardbreds and quarter horses and develops standards applicable to each breed.





							honoring excellence
						
charles moore (center) of the wyoming gaming commission was selected by his peers for special recognition at the annual meeting.


‹
›
   for 80+ years, arci works to protect horses and honest sport the association of racing commissioners international (arci) provides a mechanism for collective policy formation, exchange of information, research, education and training, integrity advocacy, and the development of reforms and services designed to assist its members protect horses and ensure honest sport. arci member agencies conduct background investigations and license the participants in professional racing in order to safeguard the public interest.  anti-doping programs operated by member agencies are the most aggressive in professional sport – testing for more substances at deeper levels.   members officiate the contests and sanction those who violate rules.   member agencies adjudicate appeals and seasoned prosecutors are rarely overturned when challenged in court.   the arci collaborates with racing industry organizations who share our common goal of ensuring safe horses and integrity in sport.   recent news 

churchill appeals michigan suspension
jan            15 2025


michigan suspends churchill for racing/gaming law violations
jan            10 2025


saving horse racing
dec            25 2024
rci president ed martin's thoughts expressed in an interview just published in t... 

pari-mutuel auditors training and meeting
sep            24 2024
save march 17-19, 2025 for an in person training program and meeting of the pari... 
   upcoming events 

2025 national hbpa conference
feb            24 2025
2025 national hbpa conference
 

organization of racing investigators annual training conference
mar            2 2025


information seminar on ai cyber security and block chain
mar            5 2025


united states trotting association annual meeting
mar            7 2025
this is the annual meeting of the board of directors of the united states trotti... 

arci pari-mutuel auditors training and conference - day 1
mar            17 2025
the arci pari-mutuel auditors and wagering security committee will be hosting an... 

arci pari-mutuel auditors training and conference - day 2
mar            18 2025
this is the continuation of the arci pari-mutuel auditors and wagering security ... 
 become an associate member:click here for information  news of note.add an event to the arci calendar




			© 2025 association of racing commissioners international.
		

			2365 harrodsburg road, suite b-450, lexington, ky 40504(859) 224-7070 • info@arci.com 		

			website powered by memberleap.







twitter-icon










fb-icon










pinterest-icon










linkedin-icon










