
      ks bank | local, community banking for over 100 years
    
homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.   ks bank will be closed monday, february 17th in observance of president's day. we will resume normal operating hours tuesday, january 18th at 9am. atms, online, mobile, and telephone banking are available 24/7.  close alert 
      ks bank | local, community banking for over 100 years
    fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentks bank  toggle navigation    menuclose menu

personal


personal checking

personal savings

money market

electronic & telephone banking

consumer loans

cds

iras

student

health savings



business


business checking

business savings

business electronic banking

business loans

business credit card rewards

merchant services

payroll services

payroll card accounts

cash management

remote deposit

employee benefits



mortgage


purchase

refinance

construction to permanent

home renovation

government

non-conforming



wealth


about us


our approach

meet our team

contact us

insights

resources



personal


investments

retirement

financial planning

trust & estate

private banking



business


employee benefits

business succession planning





connect


careers

hours & locations

contact us

our story

news & alerts



resources


online loan payment portal

fraud center

lost/stolen card

electronic banking tutorials

manage debit card

learning center

scam education & prevention



 search close loginclose close online bankingwelcome back!log in to your account.select account online bankingremote deposittrust & wealth401kusernameforgot passwordfirst time user? enroll now.loginloginlogin  close searchwhat can we help you find?search start site searchks bank 








new year, new goals,new bank
you have goals for your business. ks bank wants to help you achieve them through our local, personalized banking services. start your year with us and experience the difference of community banking!


make the switch






  







wealth solutions
secure your wealth forgenerations to come.
ensure generational wealth for your family by making a plan now. the great wealth transfer has begun, and our team of trust and wealth experts are here to help you protect what you've earned. 
 
contact ks trust





  







personal banking solutions
get rewarded forbanking local!

with ks bank's premier and choice checking accounts, customers have access
to our exclusive ks bank perks app, full of rewards. enjoy fuel rewards, local
deals and discounts, pharmacy savings, roadside assistance, and more!


personal checking options





  







 
 
 
business banking solutions
run your businessmore efficiently.
our cash management and totally electronic deposit services allow you to manage your funds from your own computer. and you can significantly reduce the amount of time you spend paying vendors, employees, and bills.

explore cash management




 play main slider/pause main slider hello
welcome to ks bank.



we offer a broad array of competitive and pro-growth financial services for every stage of life.
we are more than a bank though, we are your neighbor. and we treasure that.


    
hours & locations
with ten locations in the triangle east area, we are easy to find and ready to serve you.

find us here  
lost or stolen card
if your card has been lost or stolen, we are here to help you. no need to worry.

what's next?  
contact us
here's a few ways you can get in touch with us. we can't wait to hear from you.

send message now  
learning center
find valuable information on a variety of financial topics to help you personally or with your business.

start learning  
calculators
develop a monthly budget, compare borrowing costs and plan for your future.

calculate now  
switch
whether it's personal or business, switching your account to ks bank is easier than you think. 

make the switch        easily switch to ks bank.


we know that switching banks can be tough - but we've made it fast, easy, and worth it. 

make the switch


    introducing our new digital banking experience!
a fresh new look and great new tools!  


learn more here.



    
manage cash flow and spend more time with your customers.



accept payments
make payments
manage cash flow

learn more - business cash management


 play secondary area slider/pause secondary area slider  ks bank news  to help stay informed about ks bank, just provide a few quick details about yourself and we will handle the rest!  sign up close newsletter signup subscribe now
ks bank "news you can use" is a great way to stay connected and in the know. get important updates, stories and tips.  
leave me blank for email collection.

first name * (newsletter signup) last name * (newsletter signup) email address * (newsletter signup) sign up there was an error submitting the form.noticethis form requires javascript be turned on for it to work. please turn on javascript and refresh the page if you would like to submit an online form. if you cannot turn on javascript, we encourage you to contact your nearest branch location. thank you.
we appreciate your interest.
we'll see you soon in your e-mail inbox! got it  our featured stories
to view more recent news about ks bank click here.  

ks bancorp announces fourth quarter 2024 financial results  ks bancorp shared their exceptional financial results for the fourth quarter of 2024. the bank finished the year strong and is poised for continued growth in 2025. read the full press release.  

ks bank celebrates new full-service branch in dunn, nc with official ribbon cutting ceremony  
a ribbon-cutting ceremony was held on thursday, june 20th at 206 w. broad st. in dunn to celebrate ks bank's new full-service dunn branch. read the full article.
  

ks bank celebrates 100th year in business!  
ks bank is proud to announce that they are celebrating their 100th anniversary in business, a milestone few other businesses have reached. read the full article.
 back to the topks bank routing number 253170758

resources


scam education & prevention

financial calculators

fraud center

learning center

lost/stolen card



corporate


investor relations

executive management

board of directors

news & alerts



important


privacy statement

terms of use

usa patriot act

accessibility feedback



favorite


home

hours & locations

online loan payment portal

holiday schedule

contact us



facebooklinkedin©  ks bankmember fdicequal housing lender 

 
