






consorte bella donna


















 























consorte bella donna





















home


schedules and updates


where are they now


historical music


consorte 2004


deserve the kiss cd 2004


consorte 2003


shall we play barley break cd 2003


--letters


shakespeare


consorte 2002


commedia links


consorte  2001


--diary


consorte  2000


historical women


costume help


bristol links













the consorte bella donna does not endorse
                           any goods or services advertized in the pop-ups on this site!





the consorte bella donna was an all female madrigal
                           troupe that sang historically 
                           accurate music of the renaissance. the members of this lively group were
                           challenged not only with the complexities of madrigal and folk songs of the 16th century, but with the interaction and
                           improvisation they had with audiences of all ages. 
directed by stephanie lewin, the bellas strove
                           for musical and theatrical excellence by blending early music with current musical influences and humor and
                           delighting the eye with beautiful venetian costumes. 
 
the consorte bella donna had their last performances at the bristol renaissance
                           faire september 2 & 3, 2006 during a 2-day reunion tour. they humbly thank all of their fans for coming to support them.
                           
 
we love you all!















have any questions or comments about the bellas? feel free to post in our guestbook by using the link on this page. you may
                                       also e-mail the director by clicking on this link.








bristol renaissance faire page link



the luminarium (ren lit and music)










































click here!

need costumes or entertainment for your function? visit this site!

             





>
                                    






















