


woodstream orchids






























 








 
featuring top quality paphiopedlums, phragmipediums
and additional select genera
  flasks   seedlings   divisions


5810 huntingtown road 
huntingtown, md, usa
20639


fax: 410-286-2664
e-mail: woodstream3@verizon.net
open by appointment (friday-sunday)
 

peak of the blooming season open house and sale: january 11-12, 2020, saturday-sunday 9:30 am -4:00 pm
directions to woodstream orchids
 phrag seedling and division availability list
 paph and miscellaneous species availability list
 paph, phrag, epidendrum, and trichopilia flask availability list
 paphiopedilum elite seedling and select division availability list
 zane's epiphytic cacti availability list
please read update messages below!!!
important, please read:  our e-mail is woodstream3@verizon.net. 			 

dear orchid friends, 
 
we are excited to release the plant and flask lists for delivery before december 15, 2019 or beginning in early january (weather-permitting). we have never been more pleased with our lab production, greenhouse growing, and contract growers. please click on the links above to view our offerings. 
 
zane, now ten, is cleaning up in fourth grade academics, as well as on the soccer field where he spent the season "on attack" his jungle cactus business has really taken off, and visitors to our nursery in maryland marvel at the extensive collection of epiphytic cacti now in cultivation. zane is propagating these from seed and cuttings. a list is above, and we are working on an upgraded list of over 100 species with additional photos. hanging baskets and other foliage and succulents are available at the nursery.   
 
our leo (golden retriever) is now a dynamic 95 pound three year-old. if you visit the nursery he will steal your heart (and your sandwich if you hold it too low). security dog spicepup is so happy to have a friend.	and.. zane now has two young oberhasli dairy goats onyx and amber. they are very friendly and if you visit, they would love to meet you.  
 
please take a look at our lists and email quickly to make a reservation. we will be at:  the paphiopedilum forum (see ncos web site for location and directions) january 24, 2020 (preregistration required at www.ncos.us); the national capital orchid society show at a new and excellent location at homestead gardens in davidsonville, md february 14-16, 2020; the virginia orchid society show at strange's nursery february 22-23, 2020; the orchid society of western pennsylvania show in march 13-15, 2020; and at the southeastern pennsylvania orchid society show early april 3-5, 2020 at the exposition center at oaks, pa northwest of philadelphia. we will be glad to deliver plants to these events. 
 
save the dates: 
- the woodstream orchids peak of the blooming season open house and sale will be 9:30 am-4 pm  january 11-12, 2020. (snow dates are the following weekend, but weather looks good.)
 
 
thank you for sharing your interest in orchids (especially paphs and phrags) with us. we look forward to hearing from you soon.	  
 
best  
 
bill, lynn, zane, spicepup, leo and onyx, and amber (the oberhasli dairy goats)   
 zane's orchid companion plants	(epihyitic cacti, bromeliads, foliage). on the web site and already available at the nursery: beautiful species of epiphytic (jungle) cacti and bromeliads, that often share tree branches with many orchids. the cacti include rhipsalis, lepismium, epiphyllum, disocatus, selenicereus, pfeiffera and other genera. zane calls them "soft cacti". we have over 100 species in cultivation. these have been a huge hit with garden clubs and others who love plants, but not necessarily orchids. most are great house plants with unique plant architecture, usually no spines, and often flowers ranging from insignificant to stunning. zane really has worked closely with  bill (since he was four) to propagate these cacti from cuttings and seed. 75% 0f the money from companion plant sales goes into zane's savings account, and the remaining 25% is available for him to use for his lego collection. the availability list is linked above.   
new ordering information - to place an order please send us an e-mail with the plants listed you wish to order. we will confirm availability via return we-mail and at that point will request shipping address and payment information. credit card orders will be taken over the phone (410-610-6697).	we will be glad to call you to get your credit card information. please be patient.  if your order is delayed beyond our stated two week window, we will make it up with bonus plants.



woodstream orchids (wso) opened our maryland nursery to the public for the first time on may 26, 2001 after over 10 years in bucks county, pennsylvania.  wso is open by appointment friday, saturday and sunday.  many people express a desire to visit
our nursery, and we request that you e-mail or call first, to ensure the nursery will be open. 

woodstream orchids is located in huntingtown in southeastern maryland's beautiful northern calvert county, between the
 patuxent river and the western shore of the chesapeake bay, approximately 24 miles southeast of washington,
 d.c. capital beltway and 24 miles south of annapolis. here are some approximate driving times from: washington, dc beltway (495) and route 4 - 30 minutes; reagan national airport - 50 minutes; silver spring, md - 55 minutes; baltimore-washington international airport - 45 minutes; baltimore, md - 1 hour; dulles international airport - 1.5 hours; richmond, va - 2 hours; philadelphia, pa - 3 hours; pittsburgh, pa - 4 hours; new york, ny - 4.5 hours; denver, co - ~40 hours. 

all images are copyright protected by woodstream orchids or david lambert images, and may only be used with permission.


return to top

 

about the woodstream orchids web site

for current availability please click on the plant and flask lists above.  

who we are  -  click on this button to learn more about woodstream
orchids, upcoming orchid shows and events, and available slide programs and
lectures (from orchid adventures to specific genera)!

return to top
  


 
designed by  


  


