

photolightning: digital camera software for windows





















the easiest digital camera software available anywhere.








make perfect prints at home

email photos without attachments

print online at shutterfly, snapfish, wal-mart, ez prints, kodak easyshare, and walgreens

create a flipalbum® in just three clicks








appraisers

construction professionals

inspectors

real estate agents

ebay sellers

word and powerpoint users









 


















photolightning is the easiest, fastest digital camera software available. it's the best way to print, email, and enhance your digital photos.



at last there's easy-to-use digital camera software for both home and business users. photolightning is so simple that even beginners can make great photo prints, send emails without attachments, create slide shows, and make enhancements to a set of 24 photos in five minutes or less. we're confident that it's the easiest digital camera software you'll ever use.



 






 









plug your camera into your computer to effortlessly download and preview your photos









optionally touch-up and enhance your photos, give them captions, or rename them 









make perfect prints, email photos without attachments, create slide shows, and much more in just seconds 










 



home users: see how photolightning can email photos without attachments, make perfect prints at home, and create slideshows to post to the internet or email to friends and family.


real estate agents: see how to create email brochures of properties in just two clicks.


ebay sellers: sell more and save time by optimizing the size and quality of your photos.


inspectors, appraisers, & construction: save time and create custom reports in just a few clicks. click inspector, appraiser, or construction for more information.
























 
 









"photolightning ... turns the often-tedious process of downloading, sharing and printing photos into a quick series of one or two-click steps."






"...a user-friendly piece of software which could go a long way in helping somebody get to grips with a new digital camera."






"photolightning ... is designed to be about as simple as possible."






"this is the easiest photo program we've seen for the ordinary user."






"photolightning is the first product to finally bridge the digital divide between taking digital photos and making prints from them."



 
 













 
 




why i created photolightning digital camera software
the excitement i had when i first purchased a digital camera quickly turned to frustration when i tried to print and email the photos i had taken. my camera software didn't work with my printer, my printer software didn't work with my camera, and neither piece of software made it easy for me to send photos to my family and business associates (they were on dial up and hate attachments). worst of all, i was spending far too much time just trying to make prints and send emails. 
as i began to look for a software solution, i discovered that most digital camera software was specialized for only a few tasks, or focused on enhancing single photos, or took too much time to "process" an entire set of photos i had taken. all of the software i tried was too difficult to use effectively. this frustration is where the original ideas for photolightning were born.
my goal in creating photolightning was to have single piece of software that provided a way to easily, print, email, and enhance photos in all of the ways i wanted, was focused on the task of working with entire sets of photos, and allowed me to get on and off the computer in as little time as possible. perhaps most importantly, it had to be easy enough for my friends, family, and business associates to figure out how to use.
if you've already used other digital camera software, you probably know what i'm talking about and you'll be able to appreciate how photolightning is better. if you haven't used any other camera software before, you'll never know the headache you avoided by using photolightning instead.
but don't take my word for it. please download a free 30-day trial copy of photolightning to see for yourself. if you agree that it's the easiest digital camera software you've ever used then you can buy it for only $39.95. if you don't like it then you're out nothing at all. i'm confident that you'll love photolightning and i hope you'll give it a try. if you don't like photolightning for some reason, i hope you'll let me know why at



thanks for trying my digital camera software! president of photolightning
p.s. feel free to check out some of our competitiors listed in the google directory. we think you'll find that our software does more, works easier, and costs less.



 
 














 




take the guided tour of photolightning.


 

 





 




"photolightning ... turns the often-tedious process of downloading, sharing and printing photos into a quick series of one or two-click steps."


 







 
order online using our secure servers, or via purchase order, fax, phone, check, or wire transfer. we accept visa, mastercard, american express, and discover.
 




   







 

 



