









the rapid eye institute – your future, our vision




































skip to content



 



the rapid eye institute
your future, our vision








    menu	
home  

search
free downloads  

free skills for life online course
free skills for life workbook


contact the institute
links
privacy policy


about ret  

try ret yourself
stress reduction videos


learn ret  

2025 course catalog (pdf)
2024 course catalog (pdf)
the ret institute staff
free downloads  

free skills for life online course
free skills for life workbook




practitioner directory  

technician qualifications


technician support  

renew certificate


store  

sharlene’s store  

mp3s
manuals


freebies  

free skills for life online course
free skills for life workbook




calendar

  
			scroll down to content		












what is rapid eye technology?



at the leading edge of personal growth today, rapid eye technology (ret) is a revolutionary breakthrough in addressing emotional stress. ret is currently sweeping the nation as a faster, less painful way of reaching and releasing emotional elements of:

abuse of all kinds
addictions of all kinds
depression, anger and grief
family and relationship patterns

basically, the emotional stress caused by any issue can be released, the body retrained, and the mind educated to think and react differently through the ret process and skills for life training.
ret consists of essentially two parts:

identify and release stress-causing factors on a physical, emotional, mental and spiritual level through the structured movement and blinking of the eyes (the ret process).

locate a ret technician near you.


learn and apply new skills for life on a physical, emotional, mental and spiritual level to create what you would rather experience in life.

download free skills for life workbook*
take skills for life online course*

* provided by heartway foundation. heartway foundation is grateful for your tax-deductible donation.









looking for a new career?




the rapid eye institute is a licensed vocational career school license #1792 issued by the oregon department of education

our vision
rapid eye technology offers freedom to choose an innovative vocation with  practical skills and tools inspiring balance and gratitude.  ret advances education, support, and attracts opportunities, creating authentic community and prosperity with purpose.
career training
learn cutting edge concepts and techniques based on decades of research and development. discover safe, fast, natural processes, techniques and tools to assist you and your clients in releasing core issues of stress and trauma without reliving incidents.
help people
ret encourages people toward their awareness of being self-empowered, fully functioning, loving, peaceful individuals who are connected to and exhibiting their highest potential.
learn at home
the rapid eye technology course provides everything you need to become a certified rapid eye technician right in the comfort of your own home.
rapid eye institute has a specialized, long distance program of learning. each student has an advisor to work directly with them.

phase one – learn immediate release technique (irt), emergency process, and self care. course includes cognitive concepts, study skills, and hands-on practice. the objective of this course is to explain the foundation and general overview of rapid eye technology. there is a certificate for this course.
phase two – gain a comprehensive understanding of the ret skills for life and how to facilitate these skills. the objective of this course is to assist participants to identify nonproductive beliefs and become aware of the power they have within to learn and implement new skills for life to create functional new patterns.
phase three – become a certified ret life coach. learn coaching skills to work with your clients. become skilled at identifying core beliefs, utilizing the pattern cycle, and implementing ret coaching skills.

phase four – learn the rapid eye technology (ret). through demonstration and experientials, the objective of this course is to train individuals to become a certified rapid eye technician.
this phase includes a hands-on training for 4 ½ days and a certification that follows. your certificate for a certified rapid eye technician is sent after completion of a practicum of 14 practice sessions.


after graduation –

advanced training teaches you how to work with different personality types, organs and disease. there is a certificate for this course.
master level course teaches you how to mix and match your tools to work with special cases.
training in how to do phone sessions and ret group sessions.
additional training in marketing and setting up your business.
leadership – souls with stamina (ceu)
advanced marketing programs (ceu)
family matrix classes(ceu)
staffing for basic, advanced and master level classes (ceu)
locate, delete, dissolve and activate (ldda) (ceu)
reiki (all four levels) – a hands-on healing energy modality.

you may want to continue in your ret career by taking the train-the-trainer class – available to mret technicians only.
see our course catalog for more details.
get started today! call 503-399-1181











join a vibrant community of healers


get world-class support
the rapid eye institute offers graduate courses, marketing help, products, and more to support technicians after graduation. we don’t just train you and then leave you to fend for yourself. we’re there to support you in healing your clients and your communities with tools and education. your certificate of graduation entitles you to a wide range of services including discounted fees on seminars and workshops, and the unique opportunity to staff a ret training or return as a student as often as you wish (some restrictions apply).
meet the ret institute training staff
the rapid eye training team has extensive experience in rapid eye technology, training techniques, and transformational tools. each ret trainer has their own independent clinical practice they are actively pursuing when not contracted with the rapid eye institute to provide services. all trainers and on-site workers are individually contracted for specific work for the rapid eye institute.
ret master trainers

ranae johnson
researcher, founder, author and owner of the rapid eye institute, ranae johnson  has a rich psychology background and a wealth of personal experiences dealing with autistic children, stress, trauma and abuse of all kinds.
having built a solid, proven stress release process for mental, emotional, physical and spiritual health, ranae began in 1988 to train individuals and professionals to use this revolutionary technology. she continues to work with diligence and creativity to make ret the dynamic, innovative program that it is today. she is passionate about making a difference in people’s lives.


lynell beckstrom
lynell is a gifted healer and ret master teacher and trainer with deep experience in the rapid eye technology modality. lynell develops a personal relationship with her students, which enables her to assist them in awakening to and realizing their power. she has many certifications, including reiki, herbal counseling, essential oils, and is a certified drug and alcohol counselor. lynell has an active practice where she works with clients of all ages.

ret trainers
the rapid eye institute offers training to master rapid eye technicians to prepare them to instruct others in the ret processes, techniques, and skills. ret trainers are independent contractors who have passed a rigorous and extensive course of specialized education and experience. our world-class trainers offer you premium education in this cutting-edge technology.
connect with a qualified ret trainer in your area
ret training calendar










what graduates are saying



david davison, ret technician
“the last year and a half thanks to ret i’ve finally known what it is to sleep at night without nightmares. after about 6 sessions of ret, i have not had a single nightmare or panic attack since. i have a tool bag to use if anxious feelings attempt to creep up, i can choose if i want to feel it or not. after getting the help i needed so desperately, i realized i had to bring this to others and began to apply myself to learning ret. i’ve not only learned a valuable occupation that allows me to help others, but it brought me to a chosen family of amazing people dedicated to bringing the inner healer out of anyone willing to do the work. if you are tired of getting the same results and you don’t like them, let’s take a chance at a different story.”

bruce benjamin, ret technician
“ret has been a lighthouse for me and many others, illuminating the dark coasts of my wounded, frightened, and often confused mind. i am now free to serve others with real compassion. i am free to roam!” www.brucebenjamin.com

amber mitchell, ret technician
“becoming a rapid eye technician changed my life in many ways. i have learned how to recognize emotions in myself and others and how to deal with these emotions using tools and skills i’ve learned as a tech. i am empowered to help myself learn and grow on a day-to-day basis.”








contact the institute



 










 your name (required)
 

 your email (required)
 

 subject
 

 your message
 


δ



visit or mail us at:
rapid eye institute
3748 74th ave se
salem, oregon 97317
email us at:
ret@rapideyetechnology.com
call us at:
503-999-9876
801-856-1631













	the rapid eye institute
	3748 74th ave se
	salem, or 97317

503-999-9876801-856-1631


	info@rapideyetechnology.com


	learn about our non-profit
heartway foundation.
 


the rapid eye institute offers adult vocational education licensed by the oregon higher education coordinating commission.


all content in this website is copyrighted by the rapid eye institute except where indicated otherwise. all rights reserved. reproduction in whole or in part without written permission is prohibited.

	disclaimer

	
rapid eye technology is intended to complement rather than substitute for proper medical or psychological care. ret techniques and processes are tools for personal growth and as such are not intended for the treatment or diagnosis of any medical or psychological condition. if you are suffering from a medical or psychological condition of any kind seek out the advice of a qualified and licensed medical or psychological professional. 


privacy policy 
		proudly powered by wordpress	























































































































































































