





home


































 
 


home
























 









startrenaissance universalnew renaissancesubmissionscontact usrawabookstorelinksrawa radio













                you are here:  
            
home 














                    we don't need no billionaires--song review                
reviewed by michael lohr
dada veda has gone and done it again. in a crucial time in our country’s history, when everything is seemingly falling apart, music can provide us with a bridge to healing. dada veda understands this, and has given us a vision of truth, the antidote to a dying, materialistic world. 
reminiscent of bob dylan and joan baez protest songs of the 1960s, ‘we don't need no billionaires’ bristles with socially poignant lyrics and jangling, echoing guitars. honesty and integrity are forthright in dada’s voice. this song, the music, both are heartfelt. and if you are 
familiar with dada’s work, then you already know this to be true. 
“we don't need no billionaires, zillionaies or trillionaires, what we need is love, sweet love”. indeed, mr. veda, indeed!
the song is streaming on spotify and other digital platforms and is available for downloads at itunes, bandcamp and cd baby.





                    two main secrets of hunza longevity                
by ramesh bjonnes 
in 2010, a couple of years after we opened the prama institute, we hosted a retreat with mayan abdominal massage therapist rosita arvigo. each morning, before breakfast, i would see dr. arvigo stir a brown paste in a cup and then consume it with a spoon.
when i asked her what it was, she said: “oh, it’s just cacao. my teacher, don elijo panti, told me that if i want to live as long as him, then i have to eat this every morning.”
in the form of liquid cacao, dr. arvigo was ingesting a concentrated form of antioxidants, since cacao has almost three times as many of these health and longevity nutrients as wild blue berries.
her teacher, don elijo panti, heralded by the new york times as “the last maya master healer in belize,” was promoting something that nutritional science has recently discovered: large doses of antioxidants are important for longevity. don elijo, i later learned, died at 103.


            read more …        






                    alkaline vs acidic foods: dispelling the main myths                



                        health,                    



                         naturopathy ,                    



                         food                    



                        diet                    


by ramesh bjonnes
are you confused about all the hoopla about whether an alkaline diet is good for you or not? have you started to think that drinking lots of water and juice to become alkaline is just another diet hype? then you are not alone.
just google the concepts, or go on youtube, and you will hear from various experts claiming to tell the truth. vegan and raw food proponents will tell you that alkaline food is important, because an acidic body is an unhealthy and toxic body. while experts who adhere to the paleo or the ketogenic diets, which are high in animal protein, will claim that the need for alkaline food is just a myth. so who is telling the truth?


            read more …        






                    the end of the neoliberal era                
by dr. ed mckenna
 
neoliberalism can be broadly defined by 2 tenets:
capital should be permitted to flow globally in markets unhampered by government regulation, and
when government intervention is required (largely to protect private property) it should be the result of decisions arrived at through a democratic process.
this view has dominated world thinking since the 1970s, and especially so since the collapse of the soviet union in 1991. but there are increasing signs that this dominance is now coming to an end. the rise of china has raised serious questions as to whether capitalist economic systems coupled with authoritarian political regimes might not perform at least as well as democratic capitalism. more ominously, the rise of authoritarian regimes in countries such as poland, hungary, and turkey has raised the issue of whether democracy itself might be in decline. serious scholars have raised the question of whether even the united states, the wellspring of neoliberalism, might be in danger of becoming an authoritarian state. the possible decline of neoliberalism stems from a number of factors. at the most practical level, neoliberalism has failed to produce the economic security that its adherents promised. this failure, in turn, has led to a deeper understanding of how markets actually work, an understanding that seriously challenges the view that unregulated market outcomes will benefit even a majority of people, much less everyone.


            read more …        






                    the economics of a three-tiered economy                



                        economics,                    



                         progressive economics                    



                        cooperatives                    



                        economic decentralization                    



                        prout                    


by mark friedman
prout (the progressive utilization theory) advocates a three-tiered economy, including a privately-owned small business sector, a sector of cooperatives where most production and commerce will take place, and a sector of large government owned and operated firms. let us look into the rationale for each sector.
size matters: small business
under a prout system only small firms can be owned by individuals or small partnerships. there are several reasons to restrict private ownership to small firms, involving both economic efficiency and economic justice.  but some private ownership helps create a lively and varied economy.


            read more …        











animal rightsarts and culturebook reviewscommunicationscommunityconsciousnessdisablilityecologyeconomicseconoteseducationfuture studieshealthhuman rightsmediamusic reviewspersonal developmentphilosophypolitical sciencesciencesocial justicespiritualitysocietysportstravelwar and peace





search




who's online  

we have 105 guests and no members online






popular 




                seven ways to fix the criminal justice system            





                getting started            





                international leaders to address global issues at building the new world conference            





                the village of cobras            





                the history of disability: a history of 'otherness'            








latest news 




                rawa radio            





                two main secrets of hunza longevity            





                we don't need no billionaires--song review            





                lets not argue over labels            





                the end of the neoliberal era            










