 





 




tony campolo




tony campolo







































































 










 






home
about tony
calendar
media

articles

recent blog posts
all other articles and blog posts


audio

across the pond
classic sermons
all other audio


videos


store
eape
campolo center
donate
 














 



 








© greg fromholz





changed people changing the world…




that call is at the very heart of the gospel message and the content on this website reflects some of the ways that i have endeavored to heed that call during my 50 years of christian ministry. i do hope that you find it to be a useful resource, but remember… we need you! sign on as a red letter christian, come to our revivals, support a needy child, plug in to what we’re doing. there are many opportunities to serve christ and the kingdom and i hope you will join one or more of these ministry options.











sponsor
a needy child

more details











hear
tony speak

more details











invest
in future leaders

more details











equip
yourself with education

more details











engage
in social action

more details





upcoming events






events



no upcoming events found








announcements and recent blog posts




good news about tonyseptember 10, 2020dear friends of tony campolo, the best news is that we expect tony to come home on friday, october 2! never have i seen anyone work harder at anything than my dear husband has at his physical therapy. the two therapists…read more ›an update from peggy campoloaugust 15, 2020dear friends of tony campolo, we promised an update when we had news to report, and i am happy to tell you that tony is making some real progress in his therapy sessions.  the new focus is on what therapists…read more ›an update from bart campolojuly 29, 2020dear friends, my wife marty and i spent this past weekend visiting my parents in bryn mawr, so here’s a fresh, first-hand update. dad always works really hard in rehab, but some days are definitely better than others in terms…read more ›an update from peggy campolojuly 20, 2020for now, tony is staying at the health center at the retirement community where we live. thanks to our great therapy department and his own hard work, he has made a very small amount of progress, but we are both…read more ›a brief update from peggy campolojuly 7, 2020tony continues to make sure but very slow progress physically, and as you already know, his mind is quite clear. he needs lots of rest, and to save any energy he has for doing therapy. as you might expect, tony…read more ›a prayer request for tony and update from the campolo familyjuly 6, 2020dear friends, on the evening of june 20 our father, tony campolo, had a stroke that partially paralyzed the left side of his face and body. since then he has been recovering and working on rehabilitation on the ground floor of the…read more ›god in a technological societyfebruary 28, 2020an endorsement for stephany rose spauldingoctober 23, 2019stephany rose spaulding is running for the u.s. senate for the state of colorado. she was a speaker at our recent red letter christians revival in goldsboro, nc. she articulates her christian faith with great effectiveness, but that alone is…read more ›a critique of the netflix series, the familyseptember 20, 2019among the many offerings on netflix television these days there’s a documentary called “the family.” it is a hatchet job on a good man, and a good organization that calls itself “the fellowship.” this video series is marked by distortions…read more ›a franciscan benedictionmay 6, 2019this prayer, coming from our catholic brothers and sisters, should be the prayer of all red letter christians. in our prayers, our hearts should be broken by the things that break the heart of god. that includes the suffering of…read more ›a special announcementjanuary 24, 2019starting on january 27th, i will begin a term of service as co-pastor of st. john’s baptist church, located at 13th and tasker streets in south philadelphia. after that, i will be preaching most sundays at the 10:30 am service.…read more ›



 











join tony’s email list
subscribe to tony’s email list to receive his monthly newsletter and updates.




form heading


first name*
last name*
email*

lists*
tony’s team newsletter












 





dr. tony campolo 1300 eagle rd. st. davids, pa 19087




610-341-5962
 610-341-4372
tcampolospeaker@eastern.edu








					© copyright 2025 tony campolo. all rights reserved.
				

website design by  1 sky media
























