 









debt collection services & solutions | ic system
































































skip to content







start collecting past-due accounts today with insticollect
learn more
























client portal
consumer help
make a payment




 



menu






client portal
consumer help
make a payment


 




client portal
make a payment
consumer home
industries

industries we serve
commercial
communications
credit unions
dental
education
electricians
financial institutions
government
healthcare
hospitals
hvac, plumbing and heating
law firms
mental health
optometry
pediatrics
physical therapy
plastic surgeon
rent recovery
small business
storage & movers
utilities
veterinary


how it works
programs & pricing

programs & pricing
recovery plus
insticollect
request pricing


resources

case study – genomind
client portal
blog
faqs
resource library
video resources
podcasts
netback


about

about ic system
our leadership
careers
consumer satisfaction survey
security
licensing
association benefits
our impact


contact
 










start collecting past-due accounts today with insticollect
learn more










ethical and efficient debt recovery services
ic system is a nationally recognized debt recovery agency. for 85 years, our debt collection solutions have helped thousands of clients recapture the revenue they’re owed.
pick a program




are you being contacted by us?
have you received a letter or call from ic system? need to make a payment or discuss an account?
consumer help











proven debt collection services built for your business
it’s never easy to collect on unpaid invoices from people who are important to your business. the ideal program will benefit you by making sure you get the capital you’re owed while helping your customers through an easy user experience. partnering with ic system simplifies the process in two ways:

customizable programs that are easily adjusted to meet your unique business needs. choose from two options based on your unique needs: our two-stage recovery plus program or our low-contingency insticollect.
an ethical, consumer-friendly approach to debt collection that prioritizes the maintenance of valued relationships. just because your customers owe you money doesn’t mean you don’t care about preserving your relationship — we get that, which is why we developed an approach that puts people first.

if you’re unsure where to start — don’t worry! we can help. together, we can review your accounts and goals to find the solution that best fits your business’s debt recovery needs.
view programs & pricing




insticollect
                        
                                                a debt collection solution for small businesses with 50 or fewer debts a month in need of help collecting on past-due accounts with integrity.                        
                    

view




recovery plus
                        
                                                a two-phased debt recovery service with letters-only and intensive collection treatments offered at a competitive flat rate. during the letters phase, you keep 100% of the money recovered.                        
                    

view








what makes us unique




nationwide debt recovery services
100% us-based agency licensed nationwide with an average client tenure of 16 years





over 85 years of expertise
proven collection strategies forged by our third-generation, family-owned business





consumer-friendly approach
focused on maintaining your partnerships through ethical methods that work





data security
rigorously audited security and compliance protocols to protect your data









painless process
you need a simple but effective approach to your accounts receivable, and you need it fast. our debt recovery services make it easy to pick a product, securely place accounts, and start to improve the financial outcomes of both you and your consumers.

							see how it works                        











not sure where to start for your business?
talk to our experts for help developing a comprehensive debt collection solution for your business. we’ll discuss your goals, accounts receivable inventory, and other important factors to determine the best path to recovered revenue.
contact us







is your collection partner ready for regulation f?
the cfpb has implemented new rules, known as regulation f, requiring collection agencies to obtain additional information from creditors sending past-due accounts for collection.
regulation f has changed the collection industry. learn what that means for your business.
read more











privacy policy
faqs
careers
client portal
contact





facebook
twitter
linkin
youtube
rss

1-800-443-4123









© 2025 ic system, inc.  all rights reserved.


































