 


country view tuxedo rental westminster  md wedding tuxedos carroll county formalwear sykesvile eldersburg maryland prom tux rentals, suit rentals, wedding accessories 


 








































(410) 857-7601
country view tuxedo & wedding accessories
winchester exchange
15 east main street
westminster, md 21157



dress to impress







navigation
toggle navigation


 




home
tuxedos / suits

sarno & son tuxedo
jim’s formal wear
peanut butter collection


online gift shop
jds personalized gifts


contact us / hours






 


















country view tuxedo and wedding accessories is your source for light weight comfortable fit formal wear offering trim fit, ultra trim, semi and formal rentals for all occasions.



from a wedding to a prom, robin has the styles to make you look your best with tuxedo rentals and suit rentals by top designers, including:





ike behar
brunomagli
allure men





savvi
mod
erik lawrence



suit separates are available for rental:




coat/shirt/vest
shirt/vest/tie/pants
shirt/vest/tie
shirt/vest




coat/shirt
shirt/vest/tie
vest/tie
vest



suits are available for both rentals or purchase.


robin has been located in the winchester exchange building since 1998 and is eager to help plan your special occasion. she has large selection of tuxedos and suits to choose from, in a wide array of colors. want a theme for your wedding, such as country barn wedding, butterfly or football? robin has everything you need with service and selection that are unmatched.


country view tuxedos




peanut butter collection – tuxedo & suits for kids

why rent for kids if you can purchase for less!




































maryland wedding gown preservation & cleaning



we put the highest degree of professional care into the heirloom processing of your wedding gown.
first, we examine your gown to find all spots. a detailed quality control report is updated through each and every step.
we use proven formulas to remove spots and treat the entire gown for sugar stains. your wedding gown is thoroughly cleaned with extra attention given to the neckline, trim and hemlines.
our experts shape the wedding gown, position a full bust form and fill the sleeves. it is then wrapped in acid-free tissue (celebrity kit is wrapped in unbleached muslin), and fitted carefully into a preservation chest with an acid-free display window. the preservation chest is then enclosed in a 700 lb.-test shipping carton.
your wedding gown is then shipped back to you pre-paid anywhere in the continental united states via fed ex ground. the preservation process will be completed in 2-6 weeks after we receive it. please note: during the height of our busy season the preservation process may take slightly longer. repairs or additional services requested may also extend the processing time.
over the past 80+ years, wedding gown preservation company has prided themselves on quality and care of the wedding gowns that we clean and preserve for our customers. each gown is handled individually and given the utmost attention and care.








please be sure to stop by and check out our tuxedo and wedding accessories collection if you are getting married near gettysburg in adams county pa, or york county pennsylvania; frederick county md; reisterstown or randallstown in baltimore; or any of the following towns in carroll county maryland: finksburg, hampstead, manchester, mt airy, union bridge, keymar, new windsor, sykesville, eldersburg, marriottsville, taneytown, woodbine, lineboro, linwood, upperco as well as the reisterstown, glyndon area of baltimore county.
we have supplied tuxedos and formalwear for all the following events: domesticated destination weddings, micro weddings, sequel weddings, unexpected venues, weekday weddings and more.






















 



design, hosting, and internet marketing by countywebsitedesign.com

cwr0721m


