































	hawaii freight/cargo shipping: dhx-dependable hawaiian express


























questions: 800.488.4888 l faq l email l 










sign in


forgot password l new user? register here
























questions: 800.488.4888 l faq l email l 





toggle navigation













questions: 800.488.4888 l faq l email l 











sign in


forgot password l new user? register here























search













services

ship to hawaii
ship to guam
ship to alaska
ocean freight 
air freight
public warehousing & distribution
trucking
additional services
logistics
project cargo
shipping services brochures


about

about dhx
the dependable difference
careers
shipping insights blog
timeline
sustainability
certifications
policies
testimonials
important links


locations




los angeles headquarterschicagoguamhonolulukailua-konamauioaklandsanta fe springs, caseattleall locations





shipping support





customer services

quick shipment tracking
advanced tracking
advanced invoice tracking
quick quote for lcl to hawaii/guam
rate quote for all shipments
quote search
new pickup/booking
pickup/booking search
reports
online payments
claims
account sign in

                                                                for advanced tracking, quote search,
                                                                new pickup/booking, pickup/booking search, reports, my account
                                                            

register
forgot password



forms

all forms
credit application
hazardous materials
personal effects acknowledgement
presentation of claim
proforma invoice
ocean bill of lading



other resources

hawaii/guam ocean sailing schedule
international sailing schedule
dhx newsletter

container sizes
conversion chart/freight calculator
wood packing material standard
fuel surcharge history
glossary of terms
incoterms 2000 table







pay online

contact

contact information

holiday schedule
faq
site search
forgot password
suggestion box
sitemap





















specializing in domestic & international freight shipping for hawaii, guam, alaska and the continental usa.









chicago





los angeles





honolulu





guam










quick quote
get a less than container load (lcl) westbound rate quote to hawaii or guam moving via ocean.

get rate quote





quick track
track/trace all your dhx-dependable hawaiian express shipments here.

track shipment






account sign in

get details on pickups, bookings, quotes, tracking, reports and more.
                            






sign in now









check out the family of dependable shipping and logistics services.



go



select a service
global ocean and air shipping
full truckload
harbor drayage
warehousing & distribution
3pl logistics











ocean sailing schedule
see schedule








new solar powered  offices and warehouses
watch video














our latest service reviews
                            dhx - dependable hawaiian expressrated 4.6 out of 5 based on 455 reviews.



shippingdhx - dependable hawaiian express555february, 2025texas to hawaii we shipped product from texas to hawaii.  the seller dropped the product off at dhx in la. dhx brought it from there to our door. it was easy to coordinatemore... and cost less using fedex or ups. thank you dhxless...we shipped product from texas to hawaii.  the seller dropped the product off at dhx in la. dhx brought it from there to our door. it was easy to coordinate and cost less using fedex or ups. thank you dhxverified customershippingdhx - dependable hawaiian express555february, 2025great service great servicegreat serviceverified customershippingdhx - dependable hawaiian express555february, 2025absolutely amazing customer service!! 🤙🏼 absolutely amazing customer service! barry was extremely knowledgeable and helpful throughout the entire process. his attention to detail made the shippingmore... experience run smoothly and flawlessly.😊
definitely using dhx for it future shipping and logistics needs. less...absolutely amazing customer service! barry was extremely knowledgeable and helpful throughout the entire process. his attention to detail made the shipping experience run smoothly and flawlessly.😊
definitely using dhx for it future shipping and logistics needs. verified customershippingdhx - dependable hawaiian express555february, 2025good customer service good customer servicegood customer serviceverified customershippingdhx - dependable hawaiian express555february, 2025great communications and email updates… great communications and email updates from the dhx team. response from emails is also done in a timely manner. great communications and email updates from the dhx team. response from emails is also done in a timely manner. verified customershippingdhx - dependable hawaiian express555february, 2025you can trust his company you can trust his company. i am very happyyou can trust his company. i am very happyverified customershippingdhx - dependable hawaiian express555january, 2025customer service is excellent customer service is excellent.  their team is extremely helpful customer service is excellent.  their team is extremely helpful verified customershippingdhx - dependable hawaiian express445january, 2025quick response time quick response time, and helpful staff. i would like if the tracking was updated better sometimes dates don't seem to match with emails and actual pickupmore... datest.less...quick response time, and helpful staff. i would like if the tracking was updated better sometimes dates don't seem to match with emails and actual pickup datest.verified customershippingdhx - dependable hawaiian express555january, 2025tracy in the kahului maui office is why… tracy in the kahului maui office is why i use dhx. 
she provides above and beyond customer service to us and insures we are delivered our freight in amore... timely manner.  she also got a manager to fix a billing mistake on our invoice that otherwise would have not been fixed.  thank you tracy @ dhx!less...tracy in the kahului maui office is why i use dhx. 
she provides above and beyond customer service to us and insures we are delivered our freight in a timely manner.  she also got a manager to fix a billing mistake on our invoice that otherwise would have not been fixed.  thank you tracy @ dhx!verified customershippingdhx - dependable hawaiian express555january, 2025very quick response to my quote. very quick response to my quote.very quick response to my quote.verified customershippingdhx - dependable hawaiian express555january, 2025very dependable very dependable.  kudos to them.very dependable.  kudos to them.verified customershippingdhx - dependable hawaiian express555january, 2025ocean freight can be easy, but ocean freight can be easy, or it can go to hell in a hand barrow, as the old saying goes.
when it does dhx personnel are always there to do the best formore... all concerned to correct the problem.less...ocean freight can be easy, or it can go to hell in a hand barrow, as the old saying goes.
when it does dhx personnel are always there to do the best for all concerned to correct the problem.verified customershippingdhx - dependable hawaiian express555january, 2025great 3pl partner over there great 3pl partner over there. thanks for great supports in 2024 year, looking forward to the 2025. you are a truly great partner. gerry
great 3pl partner over there. thanks for great supports in 2024 year, looking forward to the 2025. you are a truly great partner. gerry
verified customershippingdhx - dependable hawaiian express445january, 2025dedicated team dhx is a team of dedicated, hardworking people. that said, they are not perfect all the time (no one is) but issues are dealt with quickly, fairly andmore... with open minds. customer oriented solutions are foremost.less...dhx is a team of dedicated, hardworking people. that said, they are not perfect all the time (no one is) but issues are dealt with quickly, fairly and with open minds. customer oriented solutions are foremost.verified customershippingdhx - dependable hawaiian express555january, 2025very dependable shipping company very dependable shipping company. very quick service for pick up and delivery. very friendly and quick for any billing question. truly always a good experiencemore... for our business and customers. less...very dependable shipping company. very quick service for pick up and delivery. very friendly and quick for any billing question. truly always a good experience for our business and customers. verified customer






















×














your session has timed out. please sign in again.



ok









los angeles headquarterschicagoguamhonolulukailua-konamauioaklandsanta fe springs, caseattleall locations
















privacy l sitemap

                            copyright © 2002-2025 dhx–dependable hawaiian express, inc. all rights reserved.
                        










privacy l
sitemap

                            copyright © 2002-2025 dhx–dependable hawaiian express, inc. all rights reserved.
                        

































