    contents : mineralogical record  
                             login
subscribe
new
renew
digital
gift
change of address

view cart
search this site

contents
shop
books
back issues (earlier editions)
all digital issues (digital editions)

contact us
























contentsthanks to everyone who stopped by to see us at mineral city, tucson.  see you in 2026!  click hereabout uswhat’s new on the internet reportsaxis journaleureka!  *new articles added!*     the journal of mining collectiblesthe mineralogical record libraryschuh’s biobibliographyart museumbiographical and label archiveguidelines for contributorssuggestions for authors                       editing conventionssuggestions for photographersguide to writing locality articles*new* videos!*new*  mineral nation video page!introduction, interview with evan jones on the milpillias mine, interview with marc jacobson on the “dragon” gold, all videos hosted by dr. chris stefano, editor of the mineralogical record 2024 dallas symposium lecture:  a brief history of mineralogical publications with a focus on the mineralogical record  by dr. chris stefano,editor of the mineralogical recordwhat’s hot!                                               videos by bluecap productions song for the man engine, supplemental video to michigan copper!  vol. 54 no. 1, january – february 2023view our “samples” page heresearch this site/general indexprivacy policyopinions expressedsample issue *view in 3-d*jan-feb 2025  sample                                   buy the current issue here               subscribe here and get our current issuesubscribe / renew / addresssubscribe nowrenew your subscription                     change of addressgive a gift subscription                          digital subscriptions                    information about automatic renewaldigital subscriptions now available!get our digital guide herebook storeclick here to see a sampling of our           “50 years of what’s new in minerals”ikons:  the beauty of fine mineralsclick here for more information click here to preview the ikons sampleback issues (earlier editions)digital issues/editionsall digital issues (editions) by year      view digital sample 1970-2001view digital sample 2002+advertisingadvertising rates & deadlines
suggestions for new advertisers
advertising paymentsdonate to the mineralogical recordadvertisers’ links & internet directory
curious about our publication?  click here to view examples of some of our issues and books! subscribe to our newsletter
name

email address


8 + 7 = 
submit
click this link for our most recent newsletter :  https:// conta.cc/4jcekci
followfollowfollowfollow
----  opinions expressed in the mineralogical record magazine, website, supplements, books, social media, [click here to read more] ------- -----  contents copyright © 2025 the mineralogical record, inc.  all rights reserved.  original graphic design by wendell e. wilson.                                   