










yarn manufacturing - woolyarns new zealand







































































woolyarns new zealand
woolyarns new zealand

menu



home


yarns


facilities


innovation


sustainability


about


contact



















 
red_wool20160525_07594320181121_05144020190312_110654 














what will you do with our yarns?

 


 


perinoperino blended brushtail possum yarns
perino yarns are engineered at the edge of the earth in new zealand, where the sun is first to rise. perino is a first in cashmere, merino and silk yarn blends with new zealand brushtail possum. discover this pure downy undercoat fibre, with a unique hollow core.
kaamerakaamera camel yarns
kaamera is a uniquely new zealand made yarn that brings the very best of nature and human skill together. sourced from rare bactrian camel fibre from inner mongolia and china; and combined with woolyarns expertise, speciality technology and years of experience.
classicknitwear / apparel / hosiery yarns
classic yarns. high quality fine yarns available in a variety of counts, colours and blends.






view full product range









pitti filati 2024
pitti filati is back at fortezza da basso in florence for 2024 starting on tuesday 25th june. visit perino at our italian distributors stand, iafil - padiglione centrale / piano terra / b/11 and discover our latest collection of perino by woolyarns yarns.
learn more about this event here.

 

toitū environmental management system
as part of our commitment to sustainability, we have implemented an environmental management system (ems) that is designed to minimise our environmental impact and promote sustainable practices throughout our operations.
learn more about this event here.

 

perino at spinexpo shanghai
perino by woolyarns will again be exhibiting at spinexpo at shanghai world expo exhibition and convention center on 3-4-5 september 2024. please visit our stand to discover our yarn collection.
learn more about this event here.

 

previous
next






about woolyarns
at woolyarns, we focus on getting the most out of the finest fibres we source. we produce luxurious natural fibre yarns that no-one else can: custom made to inspire great textile manufacturers like you to make market-leading high-fashion, products.
find out more about our cashmere manufacturing, possum yarn manufacturing, and woolyarns. 











how can we help?
talk to us about our fine yarn samples, bespoke custom-made yarn manufacturing orders, purchase enquiries and more.


contact us








our facilities
our luxury woollen spun yarns are customised. that’s the value we add and that’s why we offer additional services and facilities to ensure you get the most out of the high-fashion knitwear, apparel and weaving yarns that you require.
click for more information on spun yarn production 





what is a new zealandbrushtail possum?
the brushtail possum fibre used in our fine spun yarns are responsibly sourced from carefully selected new zealand regions.
view possum fibre attributes





innovation

woolyarns constantly strives to innovate. we work closely with customers both pre- and post-sale, drawing on our vast machinery and product knowledge and our working knowledge of specialised finishing techniques to ensure you can deliver products that are truly market leading. learn more about our many different innovations.



video 1: woolyarns manufacturing
video 2: we are yarn engineers
video 3: making it new zealand


















perino yarns







woolyarns limited
25-27 eastern hutt road, po box 35-020,lower hutt, new zealand
tel: (+64) 4 920 5301






























