






kirkbride buildings - historic insane asylums














kirkbride buildings - historic insane asylums



home
about
buildings
forum
blog
contact
search
links







once state-of-the-art mental healthcare facilities, kirkbride buildings have long 
		been relics of an obsolete therapeutic method known as moral treatment. in the latter half of the 19th century, 
		these massive structures were conceived as ideal sanctuaries for the mentally ill and as an active participent in their 
		recovery. careful attention was given to every detail of their design to promote a healthy environment and convey 
		a sense of respectable decorum. placed in secluded areas within expansive grounds, many of these insane asylums 
		seemed almost palace-like from the outside. but growing populations and insufficient funding led to unfortunate conditions, 
		spoiling their idealistic promise.
within decades of their first conception, new treatment methods and hospital design concepts emerged and the 
		kirkbride plan was eventually discarded. many existing kirkbride buildings maintained a central place in the 
		institutions which began within their walls, but by the end of the 20th century most had been completely abandoned 
		or demolished. a few have managed to survive into the 21st century intact and still in use, but many that survive sit 
		abandoned and decaying—their mysterious grandeur intensified by their derelict condition. 
		more...
dr. kirkbride
dr. thomas story kirkbride was a founding member of the association of medical superintendents of american 
		institutions for the insane (amsaii)—forerunner of the american psychiatric association—serving first 
		as secretary, then later as president. through this association and in his writings, kirkbride promoted a 
		standardized method of asylum construction and mental health treatment, popularly known as the kirkbride plan, 
		which significantly influenced the entire american asylum community during his lifetime. 
		more...
latest blog entries
danvers state hospital cameo11 may 2018 -- i was surprised to catch a cameo by the danvers state hospital kirkbride in an old episode of unsolved mysteries the other night. the cameo occurs in episode three of the classic tv show’s fourth season, from 0:22:48 to 0:23:23... read more
worcester clocktower replica complete07 dec 2015 -- i swung by worcester state hospital this weekend as i was in the area and i had read the clock tower replica had finally been completed. you can read more about that here: rebuilt clock tower welcomed on hospital campus in worcester... read more
may 13: preserve greystone court hearing12 may 2015 -- on wednesday, may 13th, preserve greystone will be making their case in court for halting demolition of the greystone kirkbride. this may be the last chance for stopping the ongoing destruction of this historic building... read more
preservationworks press release30 apr 2015 -- preservationworks has issued a press release summarizing their conference held this past weekend. the conference brought together many leaders in kirkbride building preservation efforts... read more
greystone developments april 201505 apr 2015 -- abatement of the greystone kirkbride in new jersey appears to be nearing completion, and actual demolition could begin as early as this month. preserve greystone is planning a rally at the kirkbride on sunday, april 12th... read more
preserve greystone town hall meeting27 mar 2015 -- preserve greystone is holding a town hall meeting on wednesday, april 1 at 7:00pm. the meeting will be held at morristown town hall, senior center, 3rd floor in morristown, new jersey... read more
recent updates
prints of kirkbride buildings are now available.
added a saint elizabeths hospital page.
added an harrisburg state hospital page.
added chapters 51-60 to kirkbride's book.
added a cherokee state hospital page.
expanded the weston state hospital gallery.





athens state hospital
			completed: 1874
			architect: levi t. scofield
			location: athens, ohio
buffalo state hospital
			completed: 1895
			architect: henry hobson richardson
			location: buffalo, new york
cherokee state hospital
			completed: 1902
			architect: henry f. liebbe 
			location: cherokee, iowa
clarinda state hospital
			completed: 1895
			architect: foster & liebbe 
			location: clarinda, iowa
danvers state hospital
			completed: 1878
			architect: nathaniel j. bradlee
			location: danvers, massachusetts
dixmont state hospital
			completed: 1862
			architect: j.r. kerr
			location: dixmont township, pennsylvania
fergus falls state hospital
			completed: 1906
			architect: warren dunnell
			location: fergus falls, minnesota
greystone park state hospital
			completed: 1876
			architect: samuel sloan
			location: morristown, new jersey
hudson river state hospital
			completed: 1871
			architect: frederick clarke withers
			location: poughkeepsie, new york
independence state hospital
			completed: 1873
			architect: stephen vaughn shipman
			location: independence, iowa
northampton state hospital
			completed: 1858
			architect: jonathan preston
			location: northampton, massachusetts
saint elizabeths hospital
			completed: 1855
			architect: thomas u. walters
			location: washington, dc
taunton state hospital
			completed: 1854
			architect: elbridge boyden
			location: taunton, massachusetts
traverse city state hospital
			completed: 1885
			architect: gordon w. lloyd
			location: traverse city, michigan
weston state hospital
			completed: 1880
			architect: r. snowden andrews
			location: weston, west virginia
worcester state hospital
			completed: 1877
			architect: george dutton rand
			location: worcester, massachusetts
photo prints
			prints of selected kirkbride photographs on this site are available for purchase in 8x10 and 11x14 formats.
			details »

please note that in some instances these buildings are off-limits to the general public and permission must be obtained if you wish to access the property and/or take photographs.
 


© copyright 2001-2025 kirkbridebuildings.com • disclaimer • privacy policy • site map











