









common sense americanism
























click here to find out why we feelthe rule of truth is fundamental to americanism.freedom rings in our library ... read the bill of rights






site links• the foundations     of americanism• historic document     library     • the declaration of        independence     • the u.s. constitution     • the bill of rights     • the amendments• supreme court cases• today in historyarticle archives --     • editorials     • opinion     • in-depth     • headlines     • court challenges• about ussite searchgo     search tipsread or post mailby topic[select a topic]full topic indexabortionaccounting fraudaffirmative actionamericanismanti-trust lawcampaign financecapital punishmentcapitalism & consumerscitizenshipcivil asset forfeiturecivil rightsconfederate symbolsthe constitutioncrime & punishmentdisabilitiesdiscriminationdrugseconomic freedomeducationelection 2016embryonic ethicsemployment rightsenergy policythe environmentexecutive powerfederal spendingfederalismflag burningforeign policyfree speechfree tradefreedom of contractgay rightsgender politicsglobal warminggun rightshealth carehomeland securityhuman rightsimmigrationjudicial restraintjunk sciencelaborlaw & justiceleadershipmarriage & familiesthe mediathe militarymoralitynational defensenational unityobscenityparents & familypersonal responsibilitypolitical correctnesspress freedomprivacyproperty rightspublic orderrace & racismregulatory powerreligionright & wrongright to dieschool choiceschool prayersocial programstaxationtruth in politicsunited nationsvoting rightswar on terrorwealth distributionzero tolerance 


home page 











know your stuff?fact lists about ...u.s. presidents
states & territories
states ranked
u.s. chief justices
u.s. wars & conflicts
fed'l debt & spending
116th congress
flash stats on ...
congress
the supreme court
tax freedom day
take ouramericana quiz
wednesday, february 19, 2025


the myth of emergency powers - andrew p. napolitanowars, disasters and border "emergencies" do not suspend the constitution.in trump's service, musk goes after usaid. is that weird? - debra saundersthere is nothing "weird" about ending wasteful, harmful, corrupt spending.headlinestoday in history:  marines land on iwo jima (1945) ... birth of copernicus (1473) ... aaron burr arrested for treason (1807) ... kansas first with statewide prohibition (1881) ... roosevelt gives japanese internment order (1942)     ... more headlinesopinionit's time to end the ev racket! -  david harsanyiyou should buy an over-priced ev if you wish.  just not with my money!the power of self-interest -  john stossel"greed", regulated by competition, is why global poverty is dropping.trump and vance aren't defying the constitution, they're following it -  john yoo and robert delahuntyclaims of a "constitutional crisis" are just political red herrings.wake-up call for the ms. -  carrie gressunfortunately for screeching women, their sway over our culture is waning.the essence of the labor contract -  jeffrey a. tuckerfreedom in the labor market is guaranteed by law in the united states.what does an executive action add to the first amendment? -  jack fitzhenrynot a good sign when the president needs to insist on free speech.are trump's tariffs really tariffs? -  victor davis hansona desperate effort to reestablish global reciprocity and keep us safe.elections have consequences -  erick ericksontrump is retrieving powers long ago distributed to unelected bureaucrats.if you really support immigration, stop excusing chaos -  david harsanyidemocrats virtue-signal the rule of law, then ignore it on immigration.     ... more op-ed



visitor posts (latest first)
pkt - liberate government workers ...  tm - landrieu's myth ...  tm - hillary clinton supporters ...  pkt - nationalism and populism ...  tm - the mizzou meltdown ...  tm - the second indictment ...  pkt - america: love it or leave ...  e.f - munn v. illinois ...  pkt - is thinking now obsolete? ...  pkt - cops or soldiers? ...  tm - the great american con ...  tm - the imperial presidency ...  r g mccollum - document located in gen ...  pkt - the progressive degradation ...  pkt - it's more than just ...  tm - rescuing citizenship ...  "the house of representatives...can make no law which will not have its full operation on themselves and their friends, as well as the great mass of society.  this has always been deemed one of the strongest bonds by which human policy can connect the rulers and the people together.  it creates between them that communion of interest, and sympathy of sentiments, of which few
governments have furnished examples; but without which every government degenerates into tyranny." - james madison, federalist no. 57  (1788)




copyright © 1999-2025 common sense americanism - all rights reserved

localizations by db-ip

privacy policy   submitting articles   site guide & info
home page

























