










higgenbotham auctioneers | all real estate auctions







































































































   













facebooktwitteryoutubelinkedintestimonials     |     about us     |     contact us     |     phone: 800-257-4161 


home
auctions

all up coming auctions
real estate auctions
online auctions
past auctions
personal property auctions
charity auctions


buyers
sellers

working with agents


real estate listings

business
commercial
industrial
land
ranches & farms
residential


blog

blog
frequently asked questions
auction terms glossary







menu


menu

 






previousnext12345

search for specific auction items










see individual auction categories




real estate auctions



higgenbotham auctioneers, the premier firm for real estate auctions!
click here to see our current real estate auctions.

personal property auctions



higgenbotham auctioneers, featuring some of the best personal property auctions!
click here to see our current personal property auctions.

online auctions



higgenbotham auctioneers, featuring some of the best online auctions!
click here to see our current online auctions.



higgenbotham real estate


higgenbotham real estate is a complete real estate solutions company assisting clients with traditional business and real estate sales. hre assists commercial and investment clients in the evaluation and purchase of properties and businesses to suit their needs and investment requirements. we have experience in all aspects of commercial  and residential sales, evaluation, 1031 exchanges, self directed individual retirement accounts, etc., for office, industrial, multi-family, retail, farming and land development projects.




interested in staying up to date with our auctions?
sign up for updates!
see higgenbotham auctioneers newly added & upcoming auctions in your inbox.









first name(required)last name(required)email(required)

companyby submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: higgenbotham auctioneers , 1629 shepherd rd, lakeland, fl, 33811, http://www.higgenbotham.com. you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time. emails are serviced by constant contactsolve: (12) - (1) = ?(required)
 














how would you like to get a text about new auctions?
sign up for all auction updates!
just enter your number below.




only want to see higgenbotham auctioneers newly added auctions that you are interested in? 
we can do that!
text any of these key words to (800) 817-3658:
  firearms, personalproperty, residential, commercial, estate, land
you will only receive a text notifying you about these specific categories!
no spaces in the keywords / text stop to unsubscribe at any time


interested in online bidding?
here’s how!
on your computer click this link online bidding to view our properties available for online bidding or on your phone download our app. create an account, select an auction & bid!

 


hey, if you like what we are doing give us a 5 star rating please!
 
 



about higgenbotham auctioneers

higgenbotham auctioneers international is a premier, full service auction company specializing in the sale of commercial and residential real estate through the auction method. since 1959, we have conducted thousands of auctions across the united states and several foreign countries.
we bring our years of experience in auctioning homes, land, condominiums, industrial properties, retail buildings and development sites to help private individuals, corporations and financial institutions sell their property. in addition, we can assist you with liquidating estates, antiques, equipment and firearms collections.



testimonials


 crutchfield groves, inc. citrus growers

“in early 2022 we decided to downsize our family agricultural business and related estate holdings. after careful consideration, we chose higgenbotham auctioneers to handle the sale of nearly 1500 acres (approx. 75 parcels) along with related production and harvesting equipment. we are very happy to recommend the services of mr. higgenbotham and higgenbotham auctioneers…”
missouri department of transportation

“the sale brought over 14% more than your broker’s opinion of value at a sales price of $3,200,000.00. missouri department of transportation is very pleased with the results. your unique methods of a sealed bid auction brought the highest bid!”
state of kansas department of administration

“your firm’s properly executed marketing program was effective and drew many qualified bidders to the auctions. we look forward to our continued relationship and are eager to get to work on the next auction!”
richmond redevelopment and housing authority
 
the auction and sale of these 24 single family residences brought 40% more for this portfolio than the independent market appraisal we obtained for each property in total, which is far higher than we anticipated.  the rrha and city of richmond are very pleased with these results and will deliver over $1.4 million dollars to the rrha’s very much needed housing and maintenance programs.
robert b. flock, international paper

“achieving 200% more than our expectation on the recent sale is proof that the auction process is the correct one and more importantly that higgenbotham is the right firm!”


   

 1629 shepherd rd..
lakeland, fl 33811
 
 toll free: 1-800-257-4161
phone: 863-644-6681
fax: 863-644-6686
 
2023 © copyright - higgenbotham auctioneers
 

bookmarks





2022 © copyright - higgenbotham auctioneers 
terms and conditions
privacy policy
anti-spam policy
social media disclaimer
ftc compliance
copyright notice







scroll to top












































