

tiki king's tiki and ukulele stuff



















if this box is blank, it is because you have java script disabled. you can still view the site, but some features will not work properly






aloha!
and welcome to tiki king, providing the world with neat tiki stuff since 1994.  
if you came for the tikis, take a minute
to check out the ukulele stuff. if you came
for the ukulele stuff, check out the tiki's. 
don't be shy, we are all friends here.  

tiki king "official" online store!art, jewelry, carvings, sculptures, paintings, and more! 

the tiki king "other" online stores ukulele's, other sites, ebay, 
	etsy, uke stickers, tee shirts, and more

cocktails, cocktails, cocktales!the tiki king booze portal. cocktail database, video, all kinds of madness! boozeketeers, click here...


the tiki king art showcasepaintings, carvings and more! if it's art, you should find it here'



tiki kings mindless ramblingtiki kings stories and history. go here to do some reading



the martiki!telling your fortune online since 1997the martiki is all knowing! click here if you dare! 



tiki kings 821 clubsee it in it's hay-day... 



 the tiki king luaupictures! tiki mugs! tiki drinks! go here to see what you missed!(or to remind you of what you forgot!)  



tiki king's list of linksfor your surfing pleasure!




tiki king on facebookcome say hi!

the tiki king ukulele gallery.here you can see pictures of ukuleles that i've built, and some that i have just messed with artistically.

wicked tinkers!the band i play drums in! tribal celtic madness!!




tiki king's scooter stuffhome of my vespa obssesion...

sam slick: lizard detectivemy comic strip! ukulele playing, cocktail drinking, crime solving lizard. humrous hardboild detective stories with a twist!

ukulele school.
		  fun facts, songs, tips, charts, a lesson,
		a dictionary of ukulele parts, and more! come on in! 
	

the big list!.tiki kings ukulele "brand name" database.click here  and see if your uke is on it...

the mysterious ukalope!have you seen it?
	 

sing with the king!lyrics and chords and streaming music to some tiki king tunes. grab your ukulele, and have some fun!
 send questions and/or compliments to: tikiking@tikiking.com contact information and socials
sitemap
the legal stuff
i'm in the top 50!

