

people for life - erie, pennsylvania




























 



search




    












contact your
legislators










sponsors
2025 pro-life breakfast








 



high schooloratory contest










 



studentessay contest













january activities









pro-life breakfast


special guest speaker

kaylee stockton







dc march for life
52nd annual bus trip











life run 2024
5k/10k & fun walk
saturday, october 12









sponsors

life run 2024
5k/10k & fun walk










people for life education fund








our projects



there's no substitute for local voices, local action









contact us

814-459-1333
814-882-1333

email
facebook

usps mail
p.o. box 1126
erie, pa 16512

headquarters
1625 w. 26th st.
erie, pennsylvania








our mission










the erie echo
newsletter 
january 2025 issue









the erie echo
newsletter archives










the planned parenthood "baby parts" videos









events calendar


being updated










office location and resources









pregnancy resources










no abortion
 mill in erie









steven c. brigham
"abortion provider"







abortion statistics








assisted death
assisted suicide
and euthanasia








late term abortion










right to life
fundamentals










faith-based
pro-life thought










right to life
a closer look









hippocratic oath









abortion as
population control









press releases








pres. trump's
record
on life












  


photo albums








erie march for life 2022










outreach booth
2011 erie rib cook off










dc march for life january 2011










protesting planned parenthood's support for human trafficking on valentine's day 2011










health care demonstration july 2010










susan b. anthony list in erie august 2010










outreach booth celebrate erie august 2010










demonstration on eve of health care vote march 2010










media swarm to cover pro-obamacare rally march 2010










abortion is not health care rally march 2010










dc march for life january 2010










erie march for life january 2010










march for life bus trip january 2009
























people for life inc.
help with our general mission including legislative advocacy. donations are not tax-deductible due to irs regulations.
people for life depends on donations and membership dues from concerned residents of nw pa.










people for life education fund
help with educational programs and materials. donations are tax-deductible. 
people for life depends on financial support from concerned residents of nw pa.












share this page on facebook




















recent email update


saturday, january 11, 2025



student oratory and essay contests
january events wrap up
news about our headquarters











people for life





life run 5k/10k & fun walk





pro-life breakfast








erie march for life





pa march for life bus trip.





dc march for life bus trip
















click for more information





click for more information











january 2025 erie echo newsletter



 











here is our handout to let everyone know why we are holding protest rallies at cvs and walgreens pharmacy locations. let us know what you think!
download the pdf file


























we love erie, and northwestern pennsylvania!








11 weeks after conception









this was each of us, justseven weeks
after we were conceived.























erie march for life
january 29, 2022




photo album



 









12 weeks after conception





a human's
a human 
no matter
how small.



photo by professor andrzej skawina (collegium medicum
jagiellonian university, krakow) and dr. antoni marsinek, md
(czerwiakowski gynecological and obstetrics hospital, krakow)






remembering an especially cold and snowy erie march for life
























































dismemberment abortion







an appeal on behalf of the
people for life education fund


a 501c(3) charitable fund






 

if you would like to make a tax-deductible donation, please be aware that donations to our people for life education fund are tax-deductible.

your gifts in support of our work are greatly appreciated. we are entirely self-supporting and exist on donations from withing the northwestern pennsylvania pro-life community -- no government grants or subsidies from larger pro-life organizations.

for many years, donations to support the educational activities of people for life, inc. have not been tax-deductible, because we also do the extremely important, indispensable work of fighting for life in the political, legislative, and public policy arenas. however, we recently established a special fund that supports our educational projects exclusively. much of our educational work centers on sharing the wonders of human development and the availability of alternatives to abortion.

to make a donation to the people for life education fund, use this button:















 

visit people for life, 1625 w. 26th st., erie to get your free bumper sticker.











©1997-2025 people for life, inc.
maintained by tim broderick







4 months after conception





21 months after conception








high-risk pregnancy
options



"why are physicians not providing readily available information that could affect their patients' judgment regarding abortion?"



videopro-choice vandalism



on thursday, may 1, 2008, a peaceful cemetery of the innocents display at the university of wisconsin - stevens point (uwsp) was vandalized in broad daylight and in defiance of campus security officers by a student senator, roderick king.  see the video.

those who deny others the right to life itself are not infrequently zealous to deny others the right to the freedom of speech.


partial-birth abortion




"the court finds that the testimony at trial and before congress establishes that d&x [partial-birth abortion] is a gruesome, brutal, barbaric, and uncivilized medical procedure . . . [and finds] credible evidence that d&x abortions subject fetuses to severe pain."   -- u.s. district judge richard casey, new york








