







maryland wineries association - visit, taste and explore maryland wine.
























































































 







home
about maryland wine

history
maryland wine month
board of directors
join mwa
affiliate members
volunteer


wineries
explorer
create your journey
events
startup
news
awards
login


 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footermaryland wineries associationhome
wine trails
about

history
board of directors
mwa vision 2020
maryland wine month
wine wednesdays
join mwa
getting started
affiliate members


startup
awards
login
































 

 
























generic selectors






				exact matches only			







				search in title			







				search in content			







post type selectors









wineries
events
news
subscribe to our newsletteryes, i want to volunteer!find & explore ourmaryland wineriescreate your journeyexplorea maryland wine experience: march 21st – 23rdmarch 21more details


wine trails

the maryland wine trails are self guided tours––take your time visiting the wineries of your choice. read more







wineries

visit a maryland winery to meet the winemakers and see how your favorite wine goes from grape to bottle. read more







create your journey

create a custom wine trail map. read more




 

supporting maryland wineries since 1984
the maryland wineries association, formed in 1984, is the non-profit trade association that represents the 80+ wineries in maryland. the mwa is made up of a board of winery owners – and over 80 members representing wineries and associate members from across the state. mwa’s mission is to develop and expand the grape and wine industry in maryland – through education and promotion.


current topics & newsview all eventsview all newsthe urban winery | where to next – a travel podcast with francesca06/30/2023 newsteacher happy hour every friday night!10/28/2024 event“upcoming wine camp is just one of the things that has md. producer abuzz” – pennlive06/05/2023 newscorteau vineyards finally friday02/14/2023 event” boyd cru wines” – wmar205/23/2023 newsfriday happy hour11/07/2024 eventboordy vineyards dessert wine wins 2023 maryland winemasters choice competition05/12/2023 newssubscribe to the mwa newsletter
stunningly complex reds, vibrant whites, unique meads, ciders and fruit wines...maryland wineries offer a wine for every palate. sign up to our email newsletter to be the first to hear about news and events featuring local vineyards and wineries.

stay informed
 email address

leave this field empty if you're human: 
connect with maryland wineries association show me the feedsfacebooktwitterfacebook











instagram
 
this error message is only visible to wordpress admins
error: no feed found.
please go to the instagram feed settings page to create a feed.



what's new on twitter


follow mdwine


footerget in touch with mwa
info@marylandwine.com

maryland wineries association (mwa)
1783 forest drive
#343
annapolis, md 21401



winery members
winery member? if not, please consider joining mwa. if you are an existing winery member please use the button below to login.
member login

links
sitemap

copyright © 2025 · maryland wineries association· website design by datachieve digital - 2
closemember login
username or email address


password

 remember me


 




































