












alaska mental health consumer web










  alaska mental health consumer web



  recovery-based engagement/drop-in center 
 

  mission
 the web provides peer-driven, peer support in a safe environment guided by unconditional  positive regard using a recovery-based philosophy.

we offer hope with no red tape and no strings attached.
  
 staff and board list
 november 2017 calendar









  the mental health consumer web (the web) is the only behavioral 
              health consumer-driven drop-in and engagement center in 
              anchorage. the organization’s activities are completely free and 
              are funded by the division of behavioral health and the alaska 
              mental health trust authority.
            
  the web is recovery based and serves many people, including 
              those with mental health issues and/or drug and alcohol abuse 
              who are often homeless. the web currently has 2,400 members and is 
              visited over 20,000 times annually for services such as computer 
              access, support for substance abuse recovery, peer mentoring, 
              support groups volunteer opportunities, community involvement, 
              recreation, education and more! 
  the web has many partners and we thank each of them.
   
  · alaska 
              mental health trust authority
  · alaska 
              department of behavior health
  · a.w.a.i.c. 
              women’s recovery project
  · va 
              domiciliary recovering  veterans
  · real 
              life ministries
  · homeward 
              bound
  · choices, 
              inc.
  · s.t.a.r.
  · anchorage 
              mental health court
  · anchorage 
              neighborhood clinic
  · the 
              mayor’s homeless coalition

  activities:
  women’s support group:   the women’s recovery project hosts meetings every wednesday at 
              11:00 a.m. this group has been running for nearly two years and 
              provides an environment for women to focus on their specific 
              needs and support each other’s growth and recovery 
  doing it by choice aa:  
              meets at 6:00 pm saturdays in traditional alcoholic anonymous 
              12- step format. once a month, a large dinner/speaker meeting is 
              held on sunday.
  brown bag speaker series: 
              the series features experts and peers that speak on a wide 
              variety of issues that concern the lives of those in recovery. 
  
  better quality of life through recreation:   the web provides community integration outings such as trips to 
              the alaska state fair, movies, and fishing.  the program’s 
              12-person van  allows more participation in the many activities 
              in our community.
   
  these are a few of the web’s many activities.  
 
  historical akmhcweb.org
   recovery
   important documents
    articles 
  
  
 
   

  wellness readiness action plan (wrap):
   
  the wrap is a self-management and recovery system.  wrap is 
              designed to:
  · decrease 
              and prevent intrusive or troubling feelings and behaviors
  · increase 
              personal empowerment
  · improve 
              quality of life
  · assist 
              people in achieving their own life goals and dreams.
   
  individual wrap plans provide participants with a personally 
              developed road map of their goals, objectives and wellness 
              resources that may be used to further their recovery.  a wrap 
              also maps out potential actions and skills that can be used in 
              periods of symptom reoccurrence. the wrap can help one to 
              reduce, modify or eliminate symptoms by using planned 
              responses.  this form of self directed planning empowers 
              participants to take charge of and be responsible for their own 
              recovery.
   
  the wrap is taught generally over a five day period, with each 
              day lasting about  five-hours.  the class is taught by web staff 
              and is held  approximately once per month.  the class schedule 
              varies from month to month.  please call hosanna at 222-2980 for 
              questions or to sign up for a class.  the class is free.  





  peer mentoring
  one  basic philosophy of the alaska mental health consumer web 
              and of peer support is that the development of relationships is 
              a crucial component of recovery. the web views recovery as more 
              than the ending of substance abuse or lessening of symptoms of 
              mental health issues.  recovery is life changing.  participants 
              find that a   peer mentor   is a valuable tool for recovery.    a peer mentor engages participants in regaining control over 
              their lives and over their recovery process.  peer mentors model 
              competency in recovery and maintaining ongoing wellness.   
   
   
  our hours of operation are m-f 8:30-5:00; saturday 10:00-4:00; 
              closed sunday.  





  alaska mental health consumer web     1248 gambell      
              anchorage, alaska 99501      (907) 222-2980






