





  











raven knight – research, development and divine galactic light
































skip to main content








 


friend me on facebook 

menu
skip to content
home
raven knight overview
housing
waste to energy
water recycling with organic chemistry
renewable product development & design services
intelligence services
sales & marketing services
contact us
  
 
 
 


 
 





 

welcome to raven knight! raven knight provides research and development for interplanetary and  business enterprises at this time. we offer water production,  water recycling and renewable technology, as well as water and energy independent homes for all. (weih). term  and some of the technology is still being developed.
we also work for the american government, but don’t quote me on that, perhaps you can quote me today, as long as nasa is not involved. i appreciate this being maintained:  nasa self updating sun.  “bill gates was trying to take that down.”  wonder why?
we are work with some of the best professionals and developers to offer consulting and development services, as well as technology that can rapidly change the way humanity lives and works. we provide zero waste, sustainable solutions for communities, individuals and corporations. we have been developing new products and relationships as well as providing existing technology for eight years. our new innovative systems include applications such as energy/water independent affordable housing and components, complete water recycling and production systems for commercial applications and brine recycling systems. please submit a project inquiry and we will work to provide a reliable solution for you that is innovative, affordable and reliable.
we deliver tested, proven and reliable water treatment technology and have been working to deliver waste to energy/fuel systems for municipal and industrial users. raven knight also has several developmental stage waste to energy and innovative water treatment solutions that will soon be released to the ever ready marketplace.
if you have an innovative technology you would like to market or further develop, please contact us and we will be happy to assist you.
national aeronautics and space administration. bill gates intentions for the sun. memory erasure conducted by negative men. new space technology available and crimes involved in blocking new space technology from arriving.
we need that line for our research and development company to exist.




 




search for:





recent posts


rapidly deployable water energy independent homes


sales & marketing services


planetary security and negotiation services


intelligence services


raven knight is seeking additional alternative construction methods


recent commentsarchives

march 2018
february 2018
january 2018
august 2015
july 2012
december 2011
september 2011
august 2011
january 2011
october 2010
september 2010
august 2008
july 2008
november 2004

categories

about our products

countries working in

earth forensics

general

housing

insource machineworks

intelligence services

international development consultant, roy young

investors

latest

mahaffey innovative technologies

marketing support services

natural flocculants

newsflash

raven knight

raven knight overview

renewable product development & design services

reseach & development

solar and power generation

uncategorized

waste to energy

water

water & oil technologies, inc


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org


 
 
 
 


 
proudly powered by wordpress
 
 
 


