



mark johnson, the master of motivation










home
about
keynotes & topics
seminars & workshops
universities & colleges
community colleges
longview college
high schools
clients & comments
mark's books
v.i.p. photo gallery
see mark in action
hear about mark
promotional pictures
contact mark


 






see more video of mark in action



          "colonel johnson,
      thank you for your book, lessons in leadership... our nation is grateful for the courage, dedication, and sacrifice of our veterans.  laura and i send our best wishes.  may god bless you, and may god continue to bless america."
 

george w. bush
              
          43rd president of the united states





mark johnson is the master 
          of motivation!
the author of two books, 

		

“lessons in leadership: straight talk from a green beret”

          and 
		  

 “how to get anyone to follow you anywhere...green beret 
          secrets to leadership and team building”.




learn the secrets to mark 
          johnson’s gifted ability to motivate and inspire people. his 
          charisma and energy will “spark” your organization. 
          it’s an art and skill he has developed and honed through his unique 
            experiences world-wide. 
mark delivers his message 
          emphatically and with heated passion as he speaks of his 20 years 
          as a decorated green beret officer. he shares insight, humor, 
          and excitement spent from training, performing, and speaking to 
          audiences in over 50 countries on four continents. he assists 
          leaders in maximizing their effectiveness using simple formulas he has 
          developed and perfected in many of the world’s most dangerous and 
          remote areas.

download full color
          brochure 






“mark’s 
          charisma is unreal...reminiscent of elvis. you feel his magic with each 
          word. his energy is infectious.”
nancy 
          tklacevic
          president & ceo
          west coast quartz, inc.
          fremont, ca
“one 
          of america’s very best motivational speakers...i think the best! 
          in all my years i have never heard anyone more passionate, credible. 
          his charisma captivates any audience.”
donald 
          w. wilson, ph.d.
          senior executive advisor to the chairman of the board
          shinawatra international university
          bangkok, thailand
 
"mark 
          johnson was excellent! i could have listened to him for hours! he enthused 
          and inspired me and gave me confidence to tackle difficult situations. 
          he is dynamic and full of personality!"
sarah 
          haughan
          national trust company
          birmingham, england



 


home | about 
  mark | keynotes & topics | universities & colleges | community colleges | longview college  high schools | clients 
  & comments | mark's book | v.i.p. photo gallery | contact 
  mark





