





caravans, motorhomes & accessories - homestead caravans




















login
sign up / login






online-store
online storeaccessories & more

arrow-d



awnings & accessories
camping & outdoor
caravan & motorhome
motoring & travel
parts & maintenance
towing & trailer
home leisure
accessory package deals
clearance offers




caravans
caravansnew & used




motorhomes
motorhomesnew & used




workshop
workshoprepairs & servicing




touringpark
touring parkcaravans & camping




logcabins
log cabinsluxury holiday park





home


about us


cabin cafe


buyers guides


customer services





call
01255-830229




instagram


facebook


twitter



 
we will be closed on thursday 13th february due to a planned powercut. orders placed after 2.30pm on wednesday 12th february will not be despatched until friday 14th february. sorry for the inconvenience.




instagram


facebook


twitter



home
about us
cabin cafe
buyers guides
customer services



call
						01255-830229					

login
					login / register				




















online storeaccessories & more





caravansnew & used





motorhomesnew & used





workshoprepairs & servicing





touring parkcaravan & camping





log cabinsluxury holiday park







basket
£0.00 (0 items)


						view basket
					





search





basket









awnings & accessories



caravan awnings
motorhome awnings
fiamma awnings
awning accessories
awning extensions
annexe & inner tents
awning roof linings
awning spares & care
canopies & shades
groundsheets & carpets
mesh panel sets
windbreaks


 
 looking for the perfect caravan awning or driveaway motorhome awning for your next caravanning holiday? visit our awning showroom surrounded by the latest poled awning & inflatable awning designs from leading brands including telta, dometic, outdoor revolution & sunncamp. we stock a comprehensive range of awning accessories to compliment your awning available online & in-store.


browse all awnings & accessories



camping & outdoor



cadac barbecues & camping stoves
insect killers & repellents
gazebos & day rooms
camping furniture
camping games
camp kitchens & cook stands
camp lights & torches
camping toilets & water
cupboards & wardrobes
cooling & refrigeration
cooking & dining
campsite electric hook up
folding trolleys
lpg gas & gas equipment
outdoor accessories
sleeping
tents
tent accessories & spares
washing up & laundry
windbreaks


 
 we are proud of our association with lafuma, as a uk supplier of lafuma furniture for more than 20-years. it's not hyperbole to say, we cannot recommend lafuma enough. we have carefully chosen our lafuma range to best suit our customer requirements. look out for new taupe, graphite and lac colour options in 2019.


browse all camping & outdoor



caravan & motorhome



aerial & satellite
caravan movers
caravan steps
motorhome thermal blinds & screens
motorhome & caravan covers
electrical
bike carriers
electric bikes
fresh water & waste
games & toys
gift ideas
housewares
lifting, levelling & stabilising
lpg gas equipment
motorhome equipment
security
sleeping bags
static caravan equipment
valeting & care
ventilation & cooling
vw campervan store
winter care products


 
 we have chosen 8 models across the swift select and swift escape ranges designed to give a wide range of model options and equipment. the select van conversion range offers a greater level of customisation, while the swift escape continues to be one of the uks best selling single motorhome ranges. as things progress we'll be offering a range of quality pre-owned motorhomes. call 01255-830-229 for more information.


browse all caravan & motorhome



motoring & travel



car care & valeting
12v travel products
battery care
breakdown & emergency
bungee & ratchet straps
european travel
pet travel
technology
travel coolers & cool bags
travel products & accessories
tyre care
winter driving


 
 the nights are drawing in and the weather is cooling; whether you're a winter caravanner or put your vehicle into storage for winter, there are a few essential items available to help you get prepared and protect your investment. with this is mind, we put together a selection of our winter care products.


browse all motoring & travel



parts & maintenance



chassis & trailer
chemical toilets
consumables & tools
electrical
exterior parts & trims
interior parts & fixings
refrigerator parts
rooflight & ventilation
spare bulbs & fittings
towing stabilisers
water & space heating
water & waste
window & blinds


 
 if you're about to embrak on a caravan or motorhome diy project and are in need of some supplies to help the job along, check out our tools and consumables category first. while your thinkg diy, we'd like to remind you that our purpose built, 8 bay workshop is ready to help you resolve any issues you may have. give us a call if we can help and to book your next carvan service.


browse all parts & maintenance



towing & trailer



caravan wheels & accessories
jockey wheels
noseweight & weight control
road lighting
stabilisers & towing aids
towball & towbar accessories
towing electrics
towing mirrors
trailer parts & accessories
trailer security


 
 homestead caravans holds in stock a wide range of essential electrical equipment for towing and trailers at very competitive prices. from basic 12n and 12s plugs to complete pre-wired wiring kits and an array of extension and adapter leads.


browse all towing & trailer



home leisure



automotive
christmas & birthday gifts 
christmas cards
christmas decorations
games & toys
home garden
homewares
home emergency
pet collection


 
 it comes as no surprise that many caravan and motorhome owners are also pet owners. homestead caravans is a pet friendly company - we offer pet friendly holidays at our homestead lake touring park and pets are permitted into our accessory superstore. check out our brand new range of pet accessories in-store or online including exclusive products from the official crufts range, all at very affordable prices.


browse all home leisure



accessory package deals


clearance offers


shop by brand




 

















massive savings on our remaining 2024 swift demo motorhomes
new motorhomes
























open 7 days a week



click & collect



*free uk delivery over £75.00



finance available



family run business








be ready for adventure
camping & outdoor
shop now


 




everything for your home on the road
caravan & motorhome
shop now


 




protection and cover
awnings & accessories
shop now


 




travel in style and comfort
motoring & travel
shop now


 





towing & trailer
shop now


 





parts & maintenance
shop now


 




 




 






brands
				we love
			






























































































































































































					touring and camping in essex in a quiet, rural location				
homestead lake park is a small and peaceful caravan site situated in over 25 acres of idyllic countryside adjacent to a well established fishing lake and our very own homestead caravans & outdoor leisure centre. homestead lake park offers the perfect place to enjoy a weekend break or a longer family holiday.

modern campsite facilities
children and dogs welcome
cabin café
well stocked fishing lake


learn more
find your holiday


















					luxury holiday lodges situated in picturesque countryside				
homestead lake country park is a luxury holiday park development consisting of privately owned holiday lodges situated in picturesque countryside, just 5 miles from the east essex coast. the holiday park is located in the village of weeley just a few miles form clacton-on-sea and the historic town of colchester.

complete peace and quiet
two picturesque lakes
ideally placed as a base for sight seeing and exploration
25 acres of landscaped parkland


learn more










homestead caravans, motorhomes, accessories, touring park, holiday lodges, servicing & cafe.located in tendring just a few miles from the east coast of essex, homestead caravans is a family owned enterprise that was first established over 50-years ago and can still be found on its original site in weeley. from humble beginnings homestead caravans has become a company whose range of services and products truly transcends it's name, with breathtaking diversity most companies can only dream of. while it's true to say that homestead caravans and outdoor leisure is the go-to destination for caravan accessories and touring caravans in essex and suffolk, there's much more to this caravan dealer than first meets the eye.  for starters in november 2018 the company began stocking swift motorhomes, becoming swifts only caravan and motorhome dealer in essex and suffolk, adding the swift escape and swift select ranges to 4 ranges of swift caravans for sale. homestead caravans has a long relationship with the swift group and we are proud to be the only caravan and motorhome dealer in essex and suffolk for the swift group.but what makes homestead really stand out as unique is its holiday parks. homestead lake touring park is a small and peaceful caravan site, with 50 hard-standing fully serviced pitches, complete with toilet and shower block. pitches are suitable for caravans and motorhomes plus a few spots are suitable for tents.homestead lake country park is a luxury development of privately owned holiday lodges that is in its second phase of development. both parks are situated in over 25 acres of idyllic countryside and are located on opposing sides of a stunning and well established 2 acre fishing lake.most new and used motorhomes and caravans come with 3 nights free accommodation on our touring park to get you up and running with your new purchase before leaving our premises.from its earliest roots homestead caravans has continually invested in its future, by increasing the range of products and services offered to its many loyal customers. as a consequence the company operates a state-of-the-art, purpose built 8-bay workshop, a 62 seat café and probably the largest motorhome and caravan accessory shop in the uk, complete with dedicated kampa air awning showroom.caravan accessorieshomestead's caravan accessory shop includes one of the largest collections of caravan accessories and outdoor equipment in the uk. the shop holds almost 6,000 unique products for camping, caravanning and motorhomes and much more. the store is significantly larger than your average caravan dealer and well worth a visit, if you haven't been before.homestead has a reputation for finding new products and offering them to customers at very competitive prices, thanks to its large buying power and ability to stare down suppliers over tea and biscuits - lol!if you're in the market for a caravan awning a trip to the homestead caravans accessory shop is simply a must. opened on 11th of march 2016, the kampa awning showroom displays the very latest kampa air caravan awnings, awning accessories plus, a selection of kampa outdoor furniture.in the event you are unable to visit our caravan dealership, our website aims to make it easy and convenient for you to buy motorhome and caravan accessories online with minimum fuss and next working day delivery is available to most uk destinations.new caravans and motorhomes at homestead caravansnew caravans for sale at homestead include basecamp, sprite, challenger, elegance and elegance grande ranges. homestead is a very well established dealer for the swift group and has won multiple awards over the years for excellence in sales and after care.in 2016/17 the entire sprite range was redesigned from the ground up and in 2018/19 the elegance range was also completely redesigned with the introduction of the elegance grande the uk's first 8ft wide caravan.look out for the the swift group smart intelligent construction system used in the manufacture of all swift caravans and coachbuilt motorhomes. smart is based on proven technology which provides a strong timberless body frame, with modern desirable looks and a leading aerodynamic shape that is highly resilient to moisture. balanced panel side walls with grp outer and inner skins, a hail resistant grp roof and grp outer skin to the sandwich floor; creates a full grp outer bodyshell making it even more resilient.there's a lot at stake when looking for a new caravan, after all you won't find a cheap new caravan, so you really need to do your homework. unlike many caravan dealers, homestead offers a relaxed and pressure free environment in which to browse the latest caravan ranges and models. the experienced and knowledgeable sales team is always on hand to offer guidance and advice whenever it is needed.used caravans at homestead caravanshomestead caravans hold a varied selection of quality used caravans so you can be sure that what every model you decide to buy, it will be reliable, road worthy and safe to tow when you leave our premises.please be aware that our used caravan stock rotates frequently, so it's a good idea to check the website from time to time for the latest stock updates.homestead caravans are always on the look-out for quality used caravans, so if you have a good clean touring caravan you'd like to sell please get in touch on: 01255-830-229. cash paid and finance settled if required. 


								read more  
								arrow-d



 









address

homestead caravans & outdoor leisure 
 thorpe road 
 weeley 
 essex co16 9jn 



clock

mon - sat:  9.00am - 5.30pm  
 sun:  10am - 4.30pm  
 bank holidays fri/mon:  9am - 4.30pm 




enter your postcode for directions:













					latest news
				






							2024 swift caravan and motorhome sale event						
great savings on 2024 swift caravans & motorhomes, with special event only offers. 

read article


								11/02/2025
events & shows










							winter fair 16th november 2024						
join us for our annual fair, raising money for the essex & herts air ambulance. crafts and gift stalls, tombola, games and refreshments all indoors at the back of our shop. 

read article


								17/10/2024
events & shows





view all news




					latest buyers guides
				


 


							swift voyager motorhome review						
the award winning swift voyager motohome is built on a ford chassis for travelling peace of mind, and designed for families who enjoy the outdoor living and exploring. if you would like to know more about the full swift voyager range then please visit our essex based showground where we would love to help. 

read article


								01/02/2025
swift group buyer guides






 


							telta awnings review 2024						
choose telta and experience the next generation of effortless comfort and style for you caravan or motorhome. 

read article


								08/02/2024
accessories - awnings & accessories





view all buyers guides





 




sign up to our newsletter
sign up to our newsletter today for the latest news, offers & events to your inbox.









please select
caravan
motorhome
tent camping
other





* by providing your email address you agree to receive our latest news, special events, offers & promotions. we promise to never send spam or sell email address



 


online store



caravans



motorhomes



workshop



touring park



log cabins





about us



home
about us
cabin cafe
latest news
buyers guides





help & contact



faq
customer reviews
price match guarantee
delivery
returns




international orders
contact us/location
privacy policy
terms & conditions
site security





contact us

address
homestead caravans & outdoor leisure, thorpe road, weeley, essex co16 9jn


telephone
01255-830229



contact us online
get directions
opening times







© homestead caravans & outdoor leisure 2025 all rights reserved •
sitemap 
powered by mow erp •
ecommerce website design by 2dmedia







financial disclosure
			homestead caravans centre limited, thorpe road, weeley, essex, co16 9jn telephone: 01255 830229. homestead caravans registration number is 1868019. homestead caravans is authorised and regulated by the financial conduct authority (fca). homestead caravans centre limited's fca number is (667822).
			homestead caravans centre limited permitted business is to act as a credit broker, not as a lender, for the introduction to blackhorse finance limited. please be aware that the lender will pay a commission for the introduction. this commission can be based on the amount you borrow and the term the loan is borrowed over.
			this may also mean that the more you borrow the more the introducer is paid. the commissions received is either a fixed fee or a percentage of the amount you borrow.
			any commission amount lenders pay will not effect the amount that you pay under your finance agreement, all of which are set by lender.
		














 









comparison basket
compare






















