






 
meisner law group: michigan condo association attorneys – legal representation for michigan condominiums, homeowner associations, developers and individuals.
















































































skip to content



248.644.4433email usmichigan's most experienced community association-condo law firm.
facebook page opens in new windowtwitter page opens in new windowyoutube page opens in new windowlinkedin page opens in new window


meisner law group: michigan condo association attorneys
legal representation for michigan condominiums, homeowner associations, developers and individuals.

home about usfirm history testimonials college of community association lawyers  peoplerobert meisner daniel p. feinberg brian r. harris keith reid amanda skeel paralegalsm. katherine michael, paralegal teresa l. duddles, paralegal   practice areascondominiums & community associationsoverview assessment collection bylaw enforcement  construction defects real estate law commercial, business, & general civil law developers and construction law mediation/arbitration  resourcesmichigan condominium & hoa law blog michigan condo act condo act administrative rules the condominium buyer’s handbook (michigan) articles bookscondo living 2 condominium operation – getting started and staying on the right track  links to additional resources  news/eventsnews seminars  contact/signup 

search:











 
home about usfirm history testimonials college of community association lawyers  peoplerobert meisner daniel p. feinberg brian r. harris keith reid amanda skeel paralegalsm. katherine michael, paralegal teresa l. duddles, paralegal   practice areascondominiums & community associationsoverview assessment collection bylaw enforcement  construction defects real estate law commercial, business, & general civil law developers and construction law mediation/arbitration  resourcesmichigan condominium & hoa law blog michigan condo act condo act administrative rules the condominium buyer’s handbook (michigan) articles bookscondo living 2 condominium operation – getting started and staying on the right track  links to additional resources  news/eventsnews seminars  contact/signup 











michigan’s most experienced community association-condo law firm




if you want a real chance to win with our experience, aggressiveness, and reputation, hire us now.














new updates in corporate transparency act litigation: boir filings are voluntary (for now)january 27, 2025breaking news in corporate transparency act (cta) litigationdecember 24, 2024homeowners energy policy actoctober 7, 2024marketable record title act 2024 amendment updatemarch 28, 2024malta the hidden secretmalta is a hidden secret for many and is truly stunning in its capture. find out more about the islands real estate.august 8, 2023how should community associations deal with smoking? the burning question…by brian r. harris, esq. how to handle smoking in community associations presents a significant dilemma for the community’s board of directors. that is, whether to side with what tends to be the majority and pursue a ban on smoking on common elements, in individual homes, or both. or, whether to side with the smokers…march 6, 2023







































































 



about our firm





the meisner law group, p.c., celebrating over 45  years of dedicated service to michigan residents, is a law firm headquartered in bingham farms, michigan, that concentrates in community association law.  the firm represents condominiums, subdivisions, homeowners associations, cooperative communities, developers, businesses, corporations, limited liability companies, and individual homeowners.
while other firms may advertise collective “years of legal experience,” what really matters is experience serving community associations, where we have led the way since 1976.





community association law






assessment collection



condominium and homeowner association assessments are the life blood of the organizations.  when owners don’t pay on time, the burden often falls on the other owners to make up the difference needed to pay the bills.  we work with the association to help bring delinquent owners current.










bylaw enforcement



the members of the board of directors have a fiduciary responsibility to the association members to exercise due care in performing their duties, and to act reasonably and in good faith in accord with the best interests of the association.





document amendments



the responsibilities of the board of directors include not only a duty to enforce the documents, but to take action to amend the documents so as to keep the documents from becoming obsolete due to changes in community association law and practice.









testimonials
                surekha maria  december 1, 2021.    my husband and i first engaged the services of mr. meisner several years ago when he was specifically recommended to us by a friend of ours who is herself a lawyer. mr. meisner’s and his staff’s knowledge, expertise, judgement and promptness were excellent. i initially found mr. meisner a bit intimidating but realized he has a good heart and is passionate about justice, both qualities that you ultimately want in a lawyer who is representing you. due to our positive experience, we engaged the services of mr. meisner and his firm once again many years later. they did not disappoint, and were once again excellent to work with. this time, we worked with mr. meisner and mr. siegel, who was very kind and helpful, also qualities that you want in a lawyer especially when dealing with a particularly challenging case such as ours. i highly recommend mr. meisner, mr. siegel and their firm meisner law group with the greatest confidence and enthusiasm.            tessie ethans  november 18, 2021.    mr. meisner very knowledgeable and a friendly staff.            





the closing yesterday went as smooth as one could expect for the situation. i just wanted to take a moment to thank all of you, and please extend my gratitude to the rest of the staff at the meisner law group, for your diligent effort in helping me navigate through the legal process, and in reaching a resolution regarding this matter.
 


 

christopher b. 




“kay’s presentation for our association members to help them understand why it was necessary to have our legal documents brought up to date was so well done. and much appreciated by those of us serving on the board.”
 


 

p. graham 




bob meisner is a stand out, experienced attorney with integrity and a long history of accomplishment. brian harris is thoughtful and thorough. kay michaels is professional and on point. we have had 12 years of experience with the meisner law group. they are top dog!
 


 

paul and nita schell 



robert meisner – first michigan member of college of community association lawyers
since 1993, the community associations institute has recognized excellence in the practice of community association law through the college of community association lawyers (ccal). of the thousands of attorneys practicing community association law in the united states, fewer than 175 have been granted membership in the college. fellows of the college distinguish themselves through contributions to the development of community association law. their service is demonstrated by a commitment to educate and empower boards and residents of the more than 320,000 community associations across the country. ccal attorneys commit themselves to high standards of professional and ethical conduct and work to create a community of experienced legal professionals to advance community association law for the betterment of the communities they serve.
robert meisner was the first and one of only four community association attorneys from michigan invited to become a member of this select group.
more about ccal



our services & skills





condo/hoareal estatecommercialconstructionmediation



the meisner law group is a community association law practice representing condominium and community associations of all varieties, as well as developers and individuals. our philosophy is not to represent every prospective client that seeks our advice but only those clients to which we can provide our accomplished knowhow together with our ability to service them efficiently and expeditiously.







the meisner law group, p.c. represents builders, developers, corporations, limited liability companies, individual property owners, business owners and investors in a wide variety of real estate litigation and transactional matters.








the meisner law group, p.c. handles a wide variety of complex business and commercial disputes that arise from day to day business transactions. while we counsel clients to put them in positions to avoid litigation, it often becomes unavoidable. we represent plaintiffs and defendants in all types of business and commercial litigation, including cases related to the following:

banking and finance
business torts
breach of contract
collections
construction law
corporate governance
derivative actions
fraud/misrepresentation
insurance coverage and claims disputes
lender liability
real estate
shareholder disputes
tortious interference with business expectancy/contract








the meisner law group, p.c. represents builders, contractors, developers, property owners, and subcontractors in a wide variety of construction and development issues. we provide representation on the following issues related to construction law and developers in litigation and transactional matters:
construction law

breach of contract claims
contract drafting, review and negotiation
construction liens
construction defects
design defects
general contract agreements
indemnification
insurance coverage disputes
payment and performance bond claims
property damage
subcontractor agreements








need dispute resolution or a community association expert?
contact bob meisner, certified by the oakland county bar association, to conduct facilitative mediations which are designed to resolve disputes between adversarial parties. bob meisner is particularly specialized in facilitating commercial litigation disputes, disputes between a community association and its members, between a community association and the developer, and/or between any others related to the community association. he is also well-versed in the michigan supreme court’s alternate dispute resolution rules.
contact the expert: robert m. meisner, esq. 
call: 1-800-470-4433 or (248) 644-4433
bob meisner is experienced in the practice of law for over 45 years at the av rated michigan law firm of the meisner law group, p.c. he speaks nationally on community association law, and is michigan’s first attorney to be inducted into the community associations institute’s prestigious college of community association lawyers. bob meisner has lectured at the national cai conference and law seminars, is a former adjunct professor of law for michigan state university – detroit college of law and at cooley law school, where he taught community association and condominium law, and has been an instructor of condominium operation courses for over 25 years at local colleges and universities. he is also a featured newspaper columnist for local observer & eccentric newspapers.
call now – get the help you need!








contact us!





the meisner law group, p.c.30200 telegraph road, suite 467
bingham farms, mi 48025-4506
toll-free: (800) 470-4433
voice: (248) 644-4433
fax: (248) 644-2941
join our email newsletter
email us















michigan’s most experienced community association-condo law firmthe attorneys of the meisner law group, p.c., a law firm located in bingham farms, michigan, are licensed to practice law in the state of michigan. the information provided in this web page set is offered for informational purposes only and should not be construed as legal opinion or advice. the meisner law group, p.c. does not represent you based upon your visit or review of any of these web pages, nor does it create any attorney-client relationship. you should not make legal decisions based upon brochures, advertising or other promotional materials offered or referenced on this website. all rights reserved. copyright 2022 the meisner law group, p.c.
                

home about usfirm history testimonials college of community association lawyers  peoplerobert meisner daniel p. feinberg brian r. harris keith reid amanda skeel paralegalsm. katherine michael, paralegal teresa l. duddles, paralegal   practice areascondominiums & community associationsoverview assessment collection bylaw enforcement  construction defects real estate law commercial, business, & general civil law developers and construction law mediation/arbitration  resourcesmichigan condominium & hoa law blog michigan condo act condo act administrative rules the condominium buyer’s handbook (michigan) articles bookscondo living 2 condominium operation – getting started and staying on the right track  links to additional resources  news/eventsnews seminars  contact/signup main







go to top























































