industrial pump & dredges manufacturer | piranha pumps & dredges



   
  


 piranha

menu



mini dredges
overview
features
models
faqs
videos
industrial dredges
overview
features
models
videos
floating platforms
submersible pumps
agitator slurry pumps
solids handling
dewatering pumps
corrosion resistant pumps
other products
water cannons
trash pumps
blog
contact
equipment specialties co., inc. home ofpiranha dredges & equipment for salemanufacturing industrial pumps & systems since 1961offering highly-efficient and cost-effective dredging and solids removal systems for a variety of applications.call us anytime 505-822-0449mini dredges industrial dredgesreliable and cost-effective heavy-duty pumps & dredges


mini dredgessmall, compact, and portable engine-powered sediment removal pumps, providing the ability to excavate and transfer mud, sand, and muck up to 40 cubic yards per hour.

shop mini dredges



industrial dredgeswe offer a wide range of dredging systems to suit any application. our dredges are built upon industrial-strength floating platform systems, which offer increased mobility and efficiency.

shop industrial dredges



submersible pumpsour water-cooled, electrically-operated submersible pumps are designed to run continuously with minimal maintenance and oversight. they can be customized to operate on an advanced control system and made with corrosive-resistant materials.

shop submersible pumps



floating platformsfloating platforms for dewatering or water supply. heavy duty submersible pumps capable of continuous operation in debris & sediment laden water.

shop floating platforms

we offer industrial dredges, small portable dredges, floating pumps, submersible pumps, and engine driven pumps for: mud, sand, muck, gravel, slurry, dewatering, solids, corrosives, trash, and firefighting.mini dredges industrial dredges floating platforms submersible pumps other productscall us with the specifications of your applicationwe can work with you to format a pumping system that best suits your needs.(505) 822-0449 contact usabout piranha pumpswelcome to piranha pumps, a leading manufacturer within the dredge and pump industry.for more than half a century, we’ve held a sturdy name for ourselves as experts when it comes to dredging, submersible pumps, floating platforms, and more.we’re dedicated to meeting the needs of our customers by producing the very best pumps and dredges for their specific applications. for dredging projects big and small, there’s nothing our products can’t handle.piranha dredges and pumps are built to last and are easy to maneuver, providing unmatched reliability and efficiency. whatever the goal is, piranha pumps can help achieve it.  piranha pumps & dredgesmanufacturing & sales: albuquerque, nm  ph: (505) 822-0449  fax: (505) 858-0171email: sales@piranhapump.com© 2017-2025 equipment specialties co., inc.productsmini dredgesindustrial dredgesfloating platformssubmersible pumpsother productsaboutblogcontact
our pumps and dredges are proudly made in the u.s.a.         