








home » dive key west, inc



























































(305) 296-3823
bookhooks@captainhooks.com



facebook




x


 





facebook




x



 












home
about us

testimonials


dive/snorkel
instruction
dive travel
contact
 


select page


  
 
 












dive key west 
key west's premier full service dive center
key west dive charters | dive instruction | dive store | rentals | air & repair
book nowabout us











experience key west florida
our services













diving
















snorkeling
















dive instruction


















dive the vandenberg wreck!














dive travel!












our customers are talking
testimonials








thankfully we decided to go ahead with dive key west....we couldn't have been happier. the instructor jarrett did an excellent job getting us over the first day nerves and running us through the two day course.
– rjs.








first of all, the dive crew was a blast! they were friendly, knowledgeable and hilarious. they made the experience great from start to finish.
– dorothy h.








both master instructors were outstanding in knowledge, skills, and customer service...crew handled all customer gear with exceptional care. highly recommended. many thanks.
– bob a.









why choose dive key west
about us

dive key west is the largest full service dive facility in the florida keys. our experienced friendly staff ensures your trip to key west is a memorable one. we provide the personal service that will make your dive in key west fun and safe.
key west is an ideal vacation destination with its diverse diving, great restaurants, fun attractions and famous night life.
dive key west inc. offers it all … scuba diving and snorkeling in the florida keys national marine sanctuary, a great selection of new and rental gear and unparalleled service. we teach fun! if you would like to try scuba or advance your education, full time instructors are standing by. give us a call and let us help you plan your next key west dive vacation.

learn more










why choose dive key west
about us

dive key west is the largest full service dive facility in the florida keys. our experienced friendly staff ensures your trip to key west is a memorable one. we provide the personal service that will make your dive in key west fun and safe.
key west is an ideal vacation destination with its diverse diving, great restaurants, fun attractions and famous night life.
dive key west inc. offers it all … scuba diving and snorkeling in the florida keys national marine sanctuary, a great selection of new and rental gear and unparalleled service. we teach fun! if you would like to try scuba or advance your education, full time instructors are standing by. give us a call and let us help you plan your next key west dive vacation.

learn more








setting the bar high
blue star operater

dive key west, inc. was the first dive facility in the lower keys to quality as a blue star operator. this designation is awarded to operators who are dedicated to coral reef education and preservation. bob holston and cece roycraft the owners of dive key west have been involved in many initiatives for the preservation of the florida keys coral reefs for the past 44 years. they had the honor of being the citizens to go before congress requesting the keys be designated a national marine sanctuary.  as capt. hook’s dive key west, we hope to carry on that tradition as new the owners.  


key west diving the reef up and away from ocean imaging studios on vimeo. 







let’s have some fun
book your trip

booking is fast and easy. we offer the most competitive rates for diving, snorkeling and gear rentals in all of key west. click the button below to select your service and get on the water! 

book now



 









 capt. hook's dive key west
1708 n. roosevelt blvd.key west, fl 33040
(305) 296-3823(800) 426-0707fax: (305) 296-0609
email us



hours:
daily: 8am-5pm



our other locations
captain hook's marathon
captain hook’s big pine

followfollow



see all of the capt. hook's activities in the keys!
enjoy your vacation and all of your diving, fishing and watersports fun with capt. hook's in the middle & lower keys and key west too!

browse activities



 























