






congregation b'nai israel of boca raton


































































skip to content











































about cbi what we believe leadership & staff executive committee & trustees host an event faqsmembership shomrim/guardian society membership applicationworship livestream shabbat holidaysyouth & family preschool curriculum & history leadership & staff programs by age after school & child care camps parent portal religious school curriculum leadership & staff youth groups scholarships slj mitzvah projects parent portal youth familiesadult engagement adult learning group connections cbi inspires social action am yisrael chai – connection to israel women of cbi cbi’s business directorylife cycles births bar/bat mitzvah weddings end of life other life cycle events supportgiving ruby gala jnf bomb shelter project our impact in south florida donate leave a jewish legacy ways to givecontact us












featured event:


























learn more about our upcoming social action initiatives!











learn more



 








follow us:












visit our facebook page





visit our instagram page





visit our youtube page





visit our linkedin page





 







 






					menu				











search



				search			







close



 











calendar





livestream





membership





give


 









 















congregation b’nai israel nadel center for early childhood education barry ira graff school of living judaism view calendar 




















 
summer camp scholarshipscongregation b'nai israel and its partner organizations offer both need-based and need-blind scholarships & grants for children to attend summer camp.


learn more



 


 
join our cbi familywe advance the richness of jewish values and traditions through the embrace of study, work, and acts of loving kindness.


become a member



 


 
shelanuhigh holy days & fall edition
click here to read the latest issue of shelanu, our digital publication covering our congregation’s educational, religious, and social programming.


read here



 


 
cbi's latest newsletterfor an inside look at our upcoming events, read the latest issue of the insider, cbi's newsletter!


read here



 


 
congregation with a conscience®




congregation b’nai israel was built on a foundation of service to the community. together as a congregation, we have come together to use our voices and actions in a meaningful way to make a positive difference in our community. 








let’s work together to make a difference!






learn more



 






















pray with us















services














feb
22


services
bat mitzvah of eden glassman
 10:00 am









mar
01


services
family shabbat program
 11:30 am









mar
07


services
slj – 3rd grade shabbat
 5:30 pm



















livestream



















watch shabbat service




 











join us for shabbat











rsvp here



 



















stay connected



get the latest cbi info including special events, holiday reminders and newsletters delivered to your inbox. 









please enter your name.



please enter a valid email address.




sign-up




something went wrong. please check your entries and try again.




















upcoming events














feb
18


ncece
ncece – picture day
 12:00 am









feb
20


ncece
ncece – torah time (room 203)
 9:45 am









feb
20


social
mahjong madness
 10:00 am









feb
20


social
“after annie” book club on zoom
 7:30 pm

















view calendar



 



















learning for life
enriching jewish identity and fostering a love of learning
















preschool
nadel center for early childhood education




our dedicated staff nurtures and guides each student to ensure they receive a quality education, but most importantly, enjoy their time spent learning. our students are taught through play and hands-on activities that promote creativity and self-expression. we encourage them to have fun, make discoveries, overcome new challenges and meet new friends. 












curriculum





programs



 



















curriculum





programs



 












religious school
barry ira graff school for living judaism (slj)




we offer a unique experiential approach to jewish education for students in k-12. our program inspires jewish children to forge friendships and creates a fun, fulfilling and meaningful experience based on torah, jewish beliefs, values, community, mitzvot, traditions and innovative teaching. 



















adult education
for those looking to deepen their connection to judaism




we offer a wealth of spiritual and educational programs to continue to enrich our members throughout their adult life. the experience of learning together creates a special bond and friendships that will last a lifetime. 












programs



 



















nourish your soul
connect with the boca raton jewish community











volunteering at cbi has introduced me to many of my dearest friends. through my volunteerism, i am more connected to members, staff and clergy. it’s a very warm feeling, walking on to campus and knowing so many know my name and i theirs. cbi is where my children learned their jewish heritage and my grandchildren are continuing the tradition.

- pamela reuter
member, parent & volunteer


 






















adults



from book club to business networking and everything in between, join us for social programming that brings our community together. 
















youth



we offer plenty of opportunities for our children and teens to connect, learn, grow and have fun!

















families



through participation in our family programming, jewish values are brought to life in fun and engaging ways. 
















arts



at cbi, music and the arts are at the heart and soul of all that we do. discover how the power of arts and culture builds connections and elevates your jewish experience.

















cbi inspires



this series brings a variety of educational, informative and cultural programs to our community involving music, inspirational speakers, theater and more. 
















social action



we have many ways for our members to perform mitzvot throughout south florida and beyond through our social action arm, the kantor family center for justice. 


































make a donation



 












honor someone



 














leave a legacy
help sustain and support our community



cbi is a place where children feel safe, where religion means “family” and caring, where our lifecycle events are handled with love and respect, and a place where you can go and be yourself. in order to keep this spirit and our community alive, it’s important to make sure cbi is financially secure. 









 



























learninggivingget involvedabout cbicongregation with a conscience



















our location



2200 yamato roadboca raton, florida 33431synagogue: 561.241.8118education: 561.241.1484 











get connected












visit our facebook page





visit our instagram page





visit our youtube page





visit our linkedin page





 





contact us













proud member of:























































© 2025 congregation b’nai israel, all rights reserved.













privacy policy










 

scroll to top














