













bernheim forest and arboretum | research forest | clermont, ky

































































			skip to content
		



bernheim is closed on february 19.


				×
			










						bernheim
					































visit








visitor’s guide





trails & maps





visitor center








things to do








restore: healthy planet, healthy us!





must sees





calendar








join & support








membership





ways of giving





volunteer





corporate partnerships








discover & learn








plant database





research & science





education & interpretation





arts in nature









search



		donate today!
	


















		enter keywords below, and we'll help you head down the right path.
	

search






















					wildly serious
				

				16,000+ acres and a million things to do
			













								featured event
							

							spring break nature day camp
						



							march 31, 2025 9:00 am
						
-

							3:30 pm
						


						spring break offers the perfect opportunity to reconnect with nature and recharge as the season comes alive! each day of the week, we’re hosting exciting adventures for young explorers aged 6-12. your child can enjoy activities like birdwatching, art-making, hiking, and more. whether you sign them up for the entire week or…
					


		view event
	











					find yourself in the forest
				

become one with nature in our edible garden.
ignite your child’s imagination at our 17-acre natural playground or loop through our 40 miles of trails.
worked up an appetite? stop by isaac’s cafe and grab a bite.









upcoming events









			feb		

			20		








10:00 am - 12:00 pm 



		mushroom ecology and cultivating culinary mushrooms	










			feb		

			22		








10:00 am - 12:00 pm 



		pollywalk adventure	










			feb		

			22		








10:00 am - 12:00 pm 



		free play facilitator training part a	










			feb		

			22		








1:00 pm - 3:00 pm 



		a sedimentary adventure	










			mar		

			1		








1:00 pm - 4:00 pm 



event series









		eco kids discovery day	









		view calendar	








adventure awaits!
bernheim forest and arboretum was founded in 1929 by isaac w. bernheim, with the mission of connecting people with nature. in the nearly 100 years since, we’ve not strayed from this mission.
by remaining committed to protecting the critical wildness of our forest while offering the public deeply engaging outdoor experiences, we will propel his vision into the next 100 years.
at 95 years old, our forest looks better than ever and our hearts remain young and vibrant. come take an outside chance on the millions of things to do at bernheim!
bernheim is open daily from 7 a.m. to sunset. 

		plan your visit!
	










					find your way
				

				more than just a forest
			




						climate crisis action plan
					


working to achieve net zero carbon emissions by our centennial in 2029.
see our plan





						a present to us all
					


purchased and protected since 1929, a welcoming place for renewal and connection to nature!
isaac’s story





						annual impact report
					


privately-held, 100% donor supported, and deeply rooted in our mission.
see our impact











						stay curious
					

					research at bernheim
				


bernheim has a tradition of research dating back to our origin. bernheim attracts researchers from all over who study native species, natural ecosystems, and long-term ecological change. 



		discover more
	















						immerse & explore
					

					art thrives in nature
				


isaac w. bernheim’s vision for the land he acquired to protect included the combination of an arboretum and natural forested areas infused with the arts to create a unique site to experience nature. we’re proud of our over 40-year history of intersecting art with science – come see for yourself!



		imagine more
	












						engage with living history
					

					the arboretum 
				






bernheim’s horticulture legacy thrives in over 600 acres of arboretum collections and landscapes. our prestigious arboretum houses unique, rare, and endangered species from our region and around the world, including quercus georgiana (georgia oak), betula uber (roundleaf birch), and magnolia obovata (japanese bigleaf magnolia).


		dig in
	

		plant database
	















				our friends & sponsors
			

















































				our newsletter
			




sign up for the bernheim buzz
get the "buzz" of bernheim activity weekly in your inbox by signing up below.

email(required)

namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.































						bernheim
					






















									careers
								



									board of trustees login
								



									contact
								



									news
								



									rentals
								



									press room
								



									privacy policy
								






				copyright © 2025 bernheim forest and arboretum
			













































 














































