






coastal financial planning, inc. - offices: lincoln & narragansett, ri





 

























































401-727-8151 lincoln
401-788-8151 narragansett




menu


home

angela thomson
eric thomson
services & fees
corporate services


adv
contact & locations








angela thomson cfpâ®
eric thomson chsaâ®
services & fees
corporate services 

adv 
contact & locations












coastal financial
planning, inc.

the firm's goal is to prepare clients for the financial road ahead. we focus on individual retirement financial plans, keyed to your own asset accumulation, time horizon and risk tolerance.


about us
























corporate
financial services

coastal financial planning, inc. serves the needs of corportate clients through 401(k) plan analysis and implementation, corporate downsizing, on-site training and more. 


















angela thomson, cfpâ®
president and ceo

angela thomson, cfpâ® is principal and founder of coastal financial planning, inc. she is frequently quoted in many local and national publications including the wall street journal. 











about us
investment management
401k planning
financial planning




coastal financial planning, inc.
the firms goal is to prepare clients for the financial road ahead. we focus on individual retirement financial plans, keyed to your own asset accumulation, time horizon and risk tolerance


coastal financial planning, inc., principal, angela thomson cfpâ®, was recognized by the providence journal as a "woman to watch" in their focus piece. the firm was profiled in a wall street journal article focusing on fee-only financial planners, additionally.
we service a broad client base whose investable assets begin at $100,000. our fee-only financial approach is an objective, ethical process used in evaluating and managing cleints' assets. this eliminates commisioned bias and provides a clear analysis for the maximization of assets.
meet angela thomson cfpâ® 





investment management
we offer a comprehensive and flexible approach with products to help utilize your goals. we are a fee-only financial planning firm

investment management - a comprehensive and flexible approach to the management of assets, based on diversification within asset classes. a wide variety of no-load financial products are utilized to attain goals.

investment management fee schedule

there are no fees for the initial office consultation.
there are no entrance or exit fees associated with services.
active asset management fees are based on the following annualize schedule and billed quarterly:

 learn more

 



401k planning for you and your employees
coastal financial planning, inc., implements and reviews 401(k)'s to confirm to the new erisa compliance laws, to insure that your business will be compliant with the significant changes for section 404(a)(5) of the new code.
401(k), 403(b) plan implementation and analysis.

401(k) planning and installation. we offer 401(k)'s plans to business from $1 million to $99 million in asset value. our plans are compliant with erisa's section (408(b)(2) regulations. we offer over 2,000 funds from 60 fund families to insure you and your employees are receiving the best possible options within their retirement plans.
learn more




fee-only financial planning
financial planning - clients' goals and objectives build the foundation for individualized financial plans. clients' input determines objectives, establishes risk tolerance and targeted return dollars. plans are monitored and updated to reflect the clients' changing needs.

"our firms goal is to prepare clients for the financial road ahead.
we focus on individual retirement financial plans, keyed to your own asset accumulation, time horizon and risk tolerance." 
learn more








the wall street journal
see what the wall street journal reported on holding real estate in your ira.
read more...
qualifications really matter
the term "financial planner" is used by many financial professionals. ask the planner what qualifies him/her to offer financial planning services.





contact coastal financial inc.




* your name


* address


* email


* telephone


subject:

portfolio management
financial planning
real estate- ira alternative investments
retirement planning
estate trust guidance


other?

* please answer the security question.
   3 + 1 =















get in touch
coastal financial planning is on social media!







the materials posted on this website are for personal, non-commercial use only and may be downloaded only for personal use. republication, retransmission or reproduction of any images is strictly prohibited.







â© copyright 2017 - coastal financial planning, inc. is a registered investment advisor, registered in the state of rhode island.  






