





germany - land of ideas





























germany - land of ideas germany - land of ideas




  





																								success stories																					




																								competitions																					




																								networks																					




																								dialogue																					




																								competencies																					







deutschland – land der ideen germany - land of ideas



  





					übersicht				




					logout
				
















		agyle – african german young leaders in business	

agyle connects young african and german leaders from business, politics and the media to establish a long-term business network and to develop innovative business models. the goal of agyle is to strengthen the african-german dialogue and to lay the foundation for cross-border economic cooperation. 




						more information					












 



		it all begins with a good idea.	

be inspired by more than 3,000 projects, innovations, and the creative minds behind them. 





 



 


















 



		land of ideas	

germany’s image is shaped by a number of economic, geographic and cultural factors. like any location, however, it is primarily defined by its people. the people of germany, their ideas, and their activities are the bedrock of its society and provide cohesion. the ‘germany – land of ideas’ initiative provides a platform for them. 




						more					












map data © 2017 geobasis-de/bkg (© 2009), google, inst. geogr. nacional 



		dialogues	

the ‘germany – land of ideas’ initiative has teamed up with various partners to launch projects that pursue a common goal: to enhance germany’s international visibility as a hub of ideas and innovation, of quality and creativity – in short, a place that is helping to shape the future in a positive way. 




						more					












 




»🚀 agyle success stories: oscar nomination for nawi – coproduced by learning lions
since its beginnings back in 2021, the agyle leadership programme has been growing constantly and today the agyle network includes more than 160 alumni from five african countries and germany. one of them is jan-marten veddeler, co-founder of learning lions. on our website he tells the story of a film production, that brought together diverse talents from kenya and germany, underscoring the power of cross-cultural partnerships 👉 lnkd.in/dnag2zsj
thank you, jan-marten! we are proud to have you with us.
#agyle2025«
linkedin











																								contact																					




																								press																					






 





 





 





 





 









																								legal notice																					




																								privacy policy																					




																								deutsch																					




																								high contrast																					




																								normal contrast																					








 







 





login







aktivierung ihres accounts







passwort vergessen







passwort ändern






























newsletter

<?
