




 

messies.com | the organizer lady®






























































































  info@messies.com
 

   
 






 






the organizer lady®

 



home
helpful resources
about
groups

groups
login
register


faq’s
 

 




how to
organize for the messie person support
for messies who keep too much and are overwhelmed by clutter.get organizing
help and tips to eliminate clutter, organize your home and simplify your life.













 
the organizer lady® welcomes you!
welcome to a new way of life!
feeling overwhelmed and frustrated? have you tried to solve the clutter problem and it has just not worked? i understand. all of us in messies anonymous understand. the good news is that there is an answer and you can learn to live an organized and harmonious life by following the tactics on this web site.
"housekeeping ain't no joke" wrote louisa may alcott in little women. it may be hard to change but it is harder still to live a disorganized life.
vow to yourself that this time you will begin to slowly change your destructive attitudes and habits. it's all here for you.
"you alone can do it but you can't do it alone."
welcome to a new and wonderful way of life.

signup for marsha's newsletter



 
the organizer lady aims to bring harmony and order to messy people who are creative, busy and overwhelmed. using the principles of messie anonymous together sandra and linda felton function as the organizer lady.


five powerful steps to begin todaymaybe you feel over-whelmed. that’s the way we all start. follow a few simple, powerful steps found here


daily encourgement email

toolsin our tools you will find, helpful organizing tools, books, audio help and listen now recordings!



k.i.s.s. flipper
a super simple method to keep your home organized and free of clutter.




sort-it-out solution
the help you need to get organized.


the help we offer
click on it to get it!
eliminate clutter
change the way you think about your stuff organizing for life
create new habits 5 steps and 4 legs
organize your home
use a strategic plan to completely clear your home and begin to organize:
the mount vernon method for those who have time to work methodically through their home
the mount vesuvius method for those who need a quick, powerful method to clear away the clutter
the mount rushmore method , a unique plan for those who need a quick solution to a big problem."
simplify your life
use the k.i.s.s. flipper system to maintain your home and control clutter
read winning the clutter war

listen to a recording of dr. james dobson and sandra felton
dr. james dobson radio broadcasts
click on title of broadcast below to listen to the recording.
coping with a messie
 
please note that sandra's original book the messies manual has been updated and revised under the new title winning the clutter war.




messy men clean up their act – ebookmessy men clean up their act - ebook - price: $6.00 - in this ebook,…buy nowi’ve got to get rid of this stuff! – ebooki've got to get rid of this stuff! - ebook - price: $6.00 - in…buy nowmeditations for messiesmeditations for messies - out of stock a special 14 week, daily devotional book designed…buy nowcheck out more of sandra's books!


























	
			messies.com © 2025. privacy policy
 


 







 

top





































