  











organic mattresses sale | futons california | organic sofas | the futon shop




















  

 


      

  

sale
our story
blog
swatches
custom
gift cards

 

live chat
1-800-443-8866


 toggle nav  searchsearch searchour stores1-800-443-8866 log in my wish list   my cart     toggle nav coupons
our story  menu 
 futons 




futon mattresses

 best selling futon mattresses 
 organic futon mattresses 
wool futon mattresses
 cotton futon mattresses 
 latex wool futon mattresses 
 shiki futons | japanese futon mattresses 
 innerspring futon mattresses 




futon frames 

best selling futon frames
amish futon frames chemical free
wallhugger futon frames
wood futon frames
outdoor futon frames
tables & futon / bed drawer
futon sets
futon sets






futon covers

best selling futon covers
organic cotton futon covers
textured futon covers
outdoor futon covers
linen futon covers
wool futon covers
hemp futon covers
microfiber solid futon covers




      
 futon sets free shipping 
what futon size so you need?
 why get a futon over a standard couch? 
 how to clean your futon mattress 
 how to buy futon covers? 
 how to choose the right futon cover? 
 can i use my futon outdoors? 





 mattresses 




 best selling organic mattresses 
chemical free & organic mattresses
 wool mattresses 
 latex mattresses
vegan mattresses 
 coconut mattresses
mattress foundations


hemp mattresses
mattress toppers
 organic crib mattresses
organic mattress covers & pads
latex free mattresses & futons
 sofa bed replacement mattresses 




      
chemical free mattresses


mattress sizes
do i need a box spring?
why get a chemical free mattress?
what mattress is best if i have back problems?
what is coir fiber?





furniture




sofas

organic sofas and sectionals
organic modular sofas 
vegan leather sofas & sofabeds
leather sofas 
organic chairs and ottomans 
modern sofa beds & sleepers
tables & chairs




japanese furniture

tatami beds
tatami mats
japanese mattresses
shoji screens






platform beds

best selling platform beds
platform bed frames
bedroom furniture




      
furniture made with organic ingredients 
sofa beds vs. futon frames
do organic couches exist?
are sofas toxic?
build your own organic sectional sofa
platform bed buying guide





bedding




bedding

organic mattress covers & pads
organic sheets & blankets
natural & organic bed pillows
organic pillow protectors & inserts
mattress toppers
bedding bundles
cariloha bamboo bedding




throw pillows

microfiber solid throw pillows
textured throw pillows
outdoor pillows
organic cotton throw pillows
wool throw pillows
hemp throw pillows
linen throw pillows






      
bedding crafted with natural and organic materials


how to make a mattress more comfortable?
what are the wool bedding benefits?
why do i need an organic mattress topper?
what should i look for when buying a bed pillow?
how to choose the perfect throw pillows?





clearance




clearance futon mattresses
clearance mattresses
clearance sofas
clearance futon frames
clearance futon covers

clearance bedding & pillows





more




folding foam beds
yoga props & accessories
cariloha bamboo bedding
dining room furniture
gift cards


rugs
tatami mats
organic dog beds
natural poufs 




      
gift cards


what is the healthiest dog bed?
what are yoga props?
why do i need tatami mats?
what is a shikibuton / folding foam bed?
what is a pouf used for?





 account         

      


      
      
      
      


 

natural futons, organic sofas & organic mattresses sale

 





    
mattresses >


 


    
pillows >


 


    
sofas >


 


    
natural bed frames >




 

futon frames
timeless craftsmanship, durable construction, and rustic charm, providing a perfect foundation for a comfortable futon bed
          armless shaker futon frame  cornerstone wood amish futon frame  from $1,098.96$879.17 save up to 20%     add to cart  add to wish list add to compare         flat arm shaker futon frame  cornerstone wood amish futon frame  from $1,193.92$955.14 save up to 20%     add to cart  add to wish list add to compare         durango recliner futon frame  wall hugger futon frame  from $618.95$526.11 save up to 15%     add to cart  add to wish list add to compare         dillon natural wood armless futon frame  wall hugger futon frame  from $591.95$473.56 save up to 20%     add to cart  add to wish list add to compare  

 




up to 60% off - limited time only
linen futon covers
durable, breathable, and eco-friendly. moisture-wicking and quick-drying properties make it ideal for maintaining a clean and comfortable sleeping surface. keeping you cool in the summer and warm in cooler seasons, ensuring year-round comfort
shop now

 


    
buy now, pay later


exclusive online & in-store offer
12 months | no interest
affordable monthly payment

see if you qualify


 






the futon shop
farm to furniture
inspired by nature since 1976 - elegantly handcrafted, affordable organic furniture designed for your health, comfort, and peace of mind.
our natural and organic fibers are sourced from local farmers and processed on our site. at the futon shop, we make chemical free living affordable for everyone, because we believe everyone deserves the choice to sleep and live healthy and naturally.


    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    

 learn more >
 








what makes us different?

we are farm-to furniture, handcrafting furniture from ingredients grown from mother earth! there are zero petrochemicals inside our natural and organic mattresses, futons, or sofas since we do not use polyurethane foam. since 1976, we have stayed eco conscious, committed to offering you the best organic, eco-friendly ingredients creating healthy, non-toxic furniture. our end goal remains consistent, to empower our customers and our community to live a comfortable, healthy, and chemical-free life.


    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    

 shop mattresses >
    






handcrafted sofas

handcrafting sofas and sectionals with certified organic and natural materials found in mother nature sustainably grown and sourced is our mission. enjoy furniture designed with your health and comfort in mind, our sofas provide a cozy refuge with the perfect combination of materials. natural latex, coconut fibers, wool and steel coils bring comfort and supportive pressure relief and a more sustainable sofa to your living space in an eco-friendly way!


    
    
    
    

 

    
    
    
    

 shop sofas >
    



 
 
 
 

47 + years of handcrafting, affordable organic furniture
designed for your comfort & peace of mind





shop now 
up to 55% off
 shop now









shop now
wake up feeling refreshed
  shop now







shop now
free shipping
eco luxury furnishings
 shop now







shop now
eco-luxe sustainable furniture
 shop now







shop now
upgrade your living room
 shop now






 


discover the finest japanese furniture selection



    
    


  
 




     

 

    



  


healthy home | non-toxic | handcrafted in california
transform your space with our eco-friendly futon frame sets - top luxury futon bedding essentials

 
  
 






shop now 
free shipping sets
 shop now









shop now 
organic bedroom bliss
 shop now







shop now
machine washable fabrics
machine washable
shop now







shop now 
japanese home collection
 shop now







shop now
versatile sustainable futons
 shop now






 
get ready for a better night's sleep: shop futons, mattresses, sofas, and bedding. + free delivery on all sofas!
                teddy natural wool mattress  hand tufted for everyday use  from $1,119.96$559.98 save up to 50%    add to cart  add to wish list add to compare         ecosupport pure latex futon mattress  firm support with vegan option available  from $1,399.96$699.98 save up to 50%     add to cart  add to wish list add to compare         pure comfort organic cotton mattress  medium firm all natural luxurious comfort  from $1,129.96$564.98 save up to 50%     add to cart  add to wish list add to compare         organic japanese futon bed  organic cotton vegan shiki futon   from $679.96$339.98 save up to 50%    add to cart  add to wish list add to compare         japanese shikibuton futon mattress  natural wool & organic cotton shiki...  from $649.96$324.98 save up to 50%    add to cart  add to wish list add to compare         eco pure latex wool futon mattress  naturally med firm all position mattress  from $1,399.96$699.98 save up to 50%     add to cart  add to wish list add to compare    


explore our range of organic sofa options, delivered for free
 
handmade sustainable sofas made from organic materials - unlimited designs
  

       
       
       
      


  



 


certified organic ingredients
our mattresses, bedding and sofa materials have been verified by top accredited methods and approved by organic standard. our handcrafted mattresses are made with certified organic ingredients including: usda organic cotton, gots organic wool, gols organic latex and covered with organic cotton fabric that is gots certified, so you can be sure from surface to the base that every ingredient is made without harmful toxins.
learn more >





organic cotton
usda certified organic cotton





organic wool
gots certifed organic wool



 

hemp coir
oeko-tex certified hemp coir





organic latex
gols certified organic latex





horse hair
oeko-tex certified horse hair





coconut coir
oeko-tex certifed coconut coir



 

cashmere
oeko-tex certified cashmere





camel hair
oeko-tex certified camel hair




 




“...it's eco-friendly…and it's made from certified organic materials...”
 - sonja morgan the real housewives of new york see more reviews →




see more reviews →



 

featured in



    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    



 

visit our showrooms


 
 



    





 

      subscribe & save extra 5% today!newsletter subscribe




    

contact us
we can chat online, send us an email or call us at 1 (800) 443-8866
email us




    

order tracking
find out when your order will arrive
track your order




    

come visit us
chances are we are close to you
find your store








company info

about us
shipping and delivery
local store pick up
our reviews
press
privacy policy
site map



learn more

faq
mattress information
certifications
sizing charts
how to choose a sofa bed
terms and conditions
hospitality
trade



support

track your order

customer service
contact us
product care
returns and exchanges
warranty
comfort guarantee



follow us

      
      
      
      


we love organic

    
    
    
    






  

copyright © 2023 the futon shop. all rights reserved. if you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, please call 1-800-443-8866 for assistance.

  
  







































































