

virtual catalog of roman coins homepage












  










recent updates!


  
               


catalogs



 main catalog



 search the vcrc







education



 student
                  projects



 teachers'
                  pages



 teaching
                  resources







web resources



 coin
                  information



 roman
                  history



   -specific articles







support



 thanks and
                  credits



 vcrc banners



 contribute to vcrc!



 terms of use



 feedback



 



in association with: 




 


welcome to the new version of the virtual catalog of roman coins,  a web site devoted to helping students and teachers learn more about ancient roman coins. these pages contain images and descriptions of coins from the early republic through the end of the 4th century a.d. and the formal division of the roman empire into east and west.  the catalog provides only a sample of the thousands of roman coin types, but it is constantly growing so please check back from time to time to view the new material. 
the site is arranged to provide easy access to coins from a particular period or to let users browse the coins however they choose.  users may also search for a particular feature on the coins, a goddess or god, an emblem, or part of an inscription.  use the main catalog and search links on the left.
the vcrc is an innovative project based on the collaboration of private coin collectors and dealers and a college professor who wants to create a useful resource for his students, other teachers and their students, and the general public.  the images and initial descriptions are provided by collectors and professional numismatists, allowing us to present a more extensive database of coins that would otherwise be possible.  photo and coin quality depend on what is provided; descriptions are edited to achieve a degree of consistency.  coins are usually the main roman issues with latin legends, but a few provincial coins are included at this time.  the coin types represented depend on the material available.  all photographs in the catalog are attributed to the persons who granted permission to use them.  we are grateful for their willingness to share their materials with those who wish to learn about roman coins.  we also invite others to participate with us in this project. all contributors are listed on the thanks and credits page.
the entries and web materials are edited by robert w. cape, jr., associate professor of classics, austin college.  special thanks go to julie bergfeld and molly simpson who were crucial to the transformation of the project from static pages to dynamic database.  thanks are also due to the cullen fund for teaching, which has supported the project.




since nov. 1, 1998, this site has been visited
         
 
         
         times. 
fastcounter by linkexchange
         
         <!-- end fastcounter link --</center>        on november 3, 1998, the vcrc was                  named the site du jour of the                  day,                  operated by edward j. pelegrino. gratias!    the virtual catalog of roman coins is grateful to david camden and the forum romanum for being chosen to receive the perseus award, an honor given only to pages which help to spread information about the classical world.  gratias maximas!    numismaticring  this                                             numismaticring site is owned by                                             robert                                             cape.                                                                                          [                                             previous 5 sites |                                             previous |                                             next |                                             next 5 sites |                                             random site |                                             list sites |                                             add your site ]  numismaticring      classics                                             ring  this ring of classics site is owned by                                             robert                                             cape.                                                                                          [previous site]                                             [random]                                             [next site]                                             [skip next]                                             [next 5]                                             [list sites]                                             [ like to join?]  classics ring    the vcrc is operated by robert w. cape, jr., austin college. pleasedirect comments, questions, and suggestions to rcape@austincollege.edu.
