







nyla























































0








        skip to content
      



























        streetwear by nyla
      



        events
      




























open menu
close menu




























        streetwear by nyla
      



        events
      




























open menu
close menu
























                  streetwear by nyla
                





                  events
                

















































22 years of showcasing student-athletes looking to be recruitedthe 2025 nyla boys high school summer showcase, held on saturday, june 7th, 2025, is a must attend, recruiting tournament for student-athletes looking to be recruited by division i, ii, or iii top tier collegiate coaches.  the one day event offers teams a highly competitive tournament environment to showcase their skills and talents in front of collegiate coaches from all over the united states.  limited to 72 high school aged teams.  grab your spot today!




    register today!
  

saturday, june 7th, 2025












75+



college coaches



60+



high school boys teams



22+



years running this event



new york’s longest running lacrosse eventfor over 22 years, we have been proud of the quality of our events. this imlca-sanctioned event is organized by college coaches for players, families, and college coaches. join the competitive mix of high school and club teams that make our events unique and memorable.














top coaches.di, dii, and diii coaches in attendance, plus! teams can participate in a clinic given by some of today’s top d1 coaches.


























competitive mix.a diverse mix of both club and high school teams from across the u.s. participate.  the event is limited to a total of 72 teams to maximize competition and enhance the engagement of collegiate coaches.


























early event date.with superior fields in close proximity to one another, the nyla summer showcase is a great venue for getting the kinks out, warming your players up, and getting your team’s mojo flowing as they enter the summer season.


























event details.



date:  saturday, june 7th, 2025location: suny farmingdale | 2350 broadhollow road, farmingdale, new york 11735cost:  $1,899 per team.  choose to pay in full or pay half now to hold your team’s spot.event format and features:3 games minimum (20 minute halves; 2 minute half-timecapped at 72 teams for maximum recruiting exposure75+ ncaa college recruiters in attendancebrackets:club: 2026 aa and a, 2027 aa and a, 2028 aa and a, 2029 aa and a, 2030 ahigh school: high school a (varsity) and high school b (jv)hotel information:hotel link coming soon!event film:film from the nyla summer showcase is included as part of a pro individual or club/hs imlcarecruits subscription. film will be accessible inside your imlcarecruits following the event.  film link coming soon!for more information or for any questions, please contact us at: info@nylaxacademy.com 




    register today!
  














location & field maps.















suny farmingdale2350 broadhollow roadfarmingdale, new york 11735


























policies & forms.








            liability waiver form
          










in order to participate in the nyla summer showcase, all players must complete and submit the liability waiver form. download the pdf version to print and bring with you to the event or you can email a copy in advance to: info@nylaxacademy.com.  hard copies will also be available onsite at the team check-in information tent.








            refund policy
          










no refunds will be provided for cancellations received after february 1st, 2025.








            balance payments
          










all remaining balance payments per team must be received by may 1st, 2025.








            weather policy
          










nylax, llc reserves the right to adjust, cancel, or reschedule games due to inclement weather, poor field conditions, or in regard to player and/or spectator safety.  if any of the said actions are necessary, no refunds will be granted.








            covid-19 policy
          










nylax, llc has put in place preventative measures to reduce the spread of covid-19.  however, we cannot guarantee that you or your child(ren) will not become infected with covid-19.  we will continue to work with and follow the guidance of local, state, and federal authorities.








    liability waiver form (pdf)
  














college coach registration.college coaches interested in attending the 2025 nyla summer showcase event may submit the brief form to the side and we will be in touch with more details.










              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              email
              
                *





              program
              
                *





              position title
              
                *







thank you for your interest in attending the 2025 nyla summer showcase. a member of our team will be in touch shortly.




















© copyright 2025 new york lacrosse academy. all rights reserved.contact us: info@nylaxacademy.com
































