






  







northern california whitewater rafting | river dancers

















































































 





530-918-8610













home
trips

klamath one/half day – all ages
lower klamath multiday
upper sacramento – class iii
trinity – class iii
upper klamath – class iv/v
friends & family multiday
whitewater school
whitewater camp
fishing trips


whitewater school
fishing trips
reservations
about

owners and guides
river classification
inflatable kayaks


 






the full river experiencecamping on secluded beachesriver gourmetspectacular hikesadventure at all levels 









northern california whitewater rafting





join us on an adventure to remember


featured trips →



all trips ...lower klamath multi-dayclass iii, moderatecustom dates availablewhitewater campclass iii, moderatejul 17 - jul 20friends & family multi-dayclass iii, moderatejul 25 - jul 27whitewater schoolclass iii, moderatemay 03 - may 05all ages - tree of heavenclass ii, easycustom dates availableupper sacramentoclass iii, moderatecustom dates availabletrinity river raftingclass iii, moderatecustom dates availableklamath mountain fishingclass ii, easycustom dates available 







about us →

we are a fun, locally owned and operated company in northern california offering whitewater rafting trips on the upper sacramento, klamath, trinity, and cal-salmon rivers. we are small enough to make you feel like family, but have the skills and attention to detail to make you feel like you are running with one of the big boys. our food is amazing. our trips are unforgettable.
hikes to spectacular waterfalls, wildlife, endless starry nights, stories and music around a campfire, watershed education and history, epic water battles, jumping off rocks, swimming rapids, kayaking - these are some of the things you might expect on a trip. most trips are are suitable for all ages. we can handle a group of any size.
river dancers's guides are knowledgeable, experienced, and fun (and never take themselves too seriously). safety is their utmost priority, but they are good at giving you the adventure that you crave. they come from all walks of life and have an interesting story or two to tell, but are much more interested in your story.
come join our river family and let's create some stories together.

as a professional outdoor educator and trip planner i have a good idea of how to run a really quality operation and to provide a fun and safe outdoor adventure, and to me river dancers is top notch. the food is fantastic, the guides are fun, knowledgeable, and so easy to get a long with, and whose experience and personalities bring a depth to the experience that i have not found from other outfitters. safety is also a top priority for them. they know the river so well and use that knowledge to keep everyone as safe as possible. i couldn't recommend them enough!!!! -- luke b., san francisco waldorf highschool






river stories →



whitewater camp 2021on reality tvenjoy magazineguide school 




book now

one-day and multi-day trips with fixed dates can now be booked on-line. all on-line reservations will be followed by a phone call to confirm guide availability and sufficient reservations. if, for any reason, we cannot run your trip, all money will be refunded.
book online now
call
530-918-8610
to make a reservation or email us at
rafting@riverdancers.com.
email us
×












address
river dancersmailing: po box 260, mccloud, ca 96057physical: 308 s mount shasta blvd., mount shasta, ca 96067 usa
© 1995 river dancers -- all rights reserved. 

contact us
530-918-8610
rafting@riverdancers.com email us 

stay in touch



























