



komkon site


you have reached...



the komkon site

brought to you by timur ruban and friends,
at frontier vision technologies




who are we?
we are timur ruban, igor roshchin, and marat fayzullin, a group of friends
who decided to create a site on the net for the people whose interests are
similar to ours. we welcome people who want to build their own "worlds" on
the net. if you are one of them, and have something interesting
to put out for the public usage, feel free to contact
timur ("tima 'at' komkon.org") and ask him for a place at
komkon.

in order to maintain this server, we also provide
commercial services in creation and
maintenance of www pages and ftp archives. if you like our www
design and would like us to create and maintain a www site for
your company, contact timur ("tima 'at' komkon.org") to
talk about the terms.

at this site:

library

our public library. a lot of books in both russian and english (mostly in 
russian though). you will need 
koi8 drivers in order to read russian 
documents. these drivers are available from our tools directory. 

humor

jokes, anecdotes, and other humorous documents in both russian and
english.  you will need 
koi8 drivers in order to read russian documents.
these drivers are available from our tools directory. 


comments to: "nestor 'at' komkon.org"


bard-cafe

information about concerts, ksp-related events;
archives of bards'("author's") songs, related catalogs, audio files,
and other related information.


comments to: "bards 'at' komkon.org"



the artpalace

a collection of unique artworks, created by artists from the former ussr and other countries of the world.


comments to: "nestor 'at' komkon.org"



#russian irc channel

an "official" ftp site of the
#russian
channel. pictures of #russian regulars, etc. if you consider
yourself a #russian regular, you can submit your picture to
("marat 'at' komkon.org")
for inclusion into the archive. please, try to keep it in .gif format,
undithered, < 70kb. 
the emul8! archive

historical computing and emulation section. contains msx, coleco, gameboy, 
spectrum, etc. emulators, documentation, and software.


comments to: "marat 'at' komkon.org"




pug pentax users gallery


a gallery of images produced by the members of the pentax-discuss list.


comments to: "pug 'at' komkon.org"




pentax lens gallery


this gallery aims at documenting particular aspects (such as bokeh and flare) 
of pentax and related third-party lenses that cannot easily
be quantified by numbers, but might be illustrated with images. 


comments to: "plg 'at' komkon.org"


users:
these are the homepages of people at komkon. administration does
not bear any responsibility for their content, although it does attempt to
keep them in the bounds of reasonable decency. 

timur ruban
igor roshchin
marat fayzullin
konstantin bartenev
vladimir bushel
jane prusakova
evgenia kurts
anna ivanova
alex krasivsky
marcel de kogel
galina prusakova
olga krastoshevsky
leon vernikov
michael molokoedow
vsevolod zhakov
roman m. parparov
sergey grinkrug
alexander poylisher
stas kolenikov
oleg and larisa tsarkov

vladimir ragimov


our ftp server.





all transfers are logged. if you have any problems with this www
site, please, send e-mail to
"www 'at' komkon.org"
if you have problems accessing our ftp, send mail to
"ftpman 'at' komkon.org"



