































woodstock inn & resort | luxury resort in vt | official site





















            skip to main content
        





 


menu





book now
close










main navigation


stay


the inn


the town


our story


culinary experiences


rooms & suites




do


things to do


events




gather


meetings & groups


weddings




shop


packages


gift cards


the store









back to main menu




menu - culinary experiences


dining


the red rooster


richardson's tavern


perley's pourhouse


the fairway grill


conservatory




culinary experiences


holiday celebrations


the red barns at  kelly way gardens


recipes










menu - rooms


room types


garden


woodstock


tavern


collection


legacy suites


ada accessible










menu - things to do


golf


golf club


the course


fees & membership


lessons


tournaments & weddings


contact




the mountain


ski area




woodstock nordic center


conditions




falconry


the spa


treatments


retail


contact




kelly way gardens


activity center


fly-fishing




billings farm & museum


athletic club


tennis


schedules


memberships




explore all activities








menu - meetings & groups


meetings & groups


event facilities


social gatherings


sales team










menu - weddings


weddings


ceremonies


receptions


rehearsal dinners


celebrations


culinary services


the resort


plan your wedding















                close
            






check in




check out











adults







children








check availability


                    questions? call to make your reservation.
800-448-7900


































closer to what matters.



            thoughtful authenticity blends seamlessly with a classic luxury resort experience for a timeless elegance.
        














set in the heart of the green mountains, our woodstock, vermont, hotel invites you to wander along a welcoming main street, browse restaurants and charming boutiques, and relish in an area rich in recreation and abundant in adventure in the surrounding green mountains. here, thoughtful authenticity blends seamlessly with a classic resort experience to evoke a timeless elegance.










                                                distinctive accommodations
                            
            
            

touched by the legacy of laurance rockefeller, our distinctive rooms and suites express his love of nature and historic preservation. each exudes a feeling of comfort, and a sense of place in vermont.



                            explore all rooms
                        

















                                                mary treasured this beautiful town and worked tirelessly with her husband, laurance, to preserve its charm and ensure its sustainability for the continued delight of future generations.  this suite honors her spirit and deep affection for woodstock.














                                                highlighting the long history and influence of skiing in new england and locally at saskadena six, the alpine collection room showcases vintage skiing and riding equipment and stories.
                            
            
            













                                                luxurious comfort, colorful accents, and unique vermont-made finishes make these guestrooms classically elegant. 
                            
            
            













                                                classic and modern design adorned with vermont marble, these guestrooms offer two queen beds, a seating area, and built-in hand-crafted cabinetry.
                            
            
            













                                                our luxurious tavern wing suites highlight a tranquil sitting area and an additional sofa bed.
                            
            
            













                                                our pet-friendly garden level rooms feature hardwood floors and a relaxed sitting area.
                            
            
            






1 / 























                seasonal, locally-sourced cuisine
            

farm-fresh cuisine, carefully harvested ingredients, and regional recipes inspire the seasonal menus at the woodstock inn & resort’s four distinct restaurants. our talented culinary team prepares savory dishes from scratch, working closely with regional producers to source the finest local offerings, as well as with our master gardener at the resort’s kelly way gardens to harvest fresh ingredients for creative entrées and innovative cocktails. the result is nothing short of exceptional.explore dining





















                the spa
            

nurture your mind and body, while connecting with nature through organic products and unique seasonal treatments that capture the essence of vermont. the spa is situated in a stunning, leed-certified facility featuring 10 treatment rooms, a spa boutique, and locally sourced products. embrace comfort and tranquility with natural light, fresh native flora, and vermont-inspired treatments that reflect the changing seasons.explore the spa










                                                activities for everyone
                            
            
            

the spirit of adventure is alive and well at the woodstock inn & resort. guests will find new things to do at every turn. here, you can explore miles of hiking and mountain biking trails, play golf, take fly-fishing lessons, go cross-country skiing or snowshoeing, carve turns at our resort’s downhill ski area, or work on your backhand at our woodstock athletic club.



                                find your activity
                            

















billings farm & museum



                                                  just a scenic stroll away, billings farm & museum is one of the finest outdoor history museums in the country also featuring an award-winning, operating jersey dairy farm.


                            
            
            


                    explore : billings farm & museum



















cross-country skiing



                                                  explore historic carriage trails on mt. tom and cruise the varying terrain on mt. peg on skate or classic cross-country skis. rentals, retail shop, and trail passes available.


                            
            
            


                    explore : cross-country skiing



















the spa



                                                  the leed-certified, forbes 4-star rated spa at woodstock inn & resort is designed to bring tranquility and rejuvenation to the entire spa experience.


                            
            
            


                    explore : the spa















                                                bring your wedding dreams to life
                            
            
            

with its enchanting beauty, exquisite service, warm hospitality, and superb cuisine, the woodstock inn & resort is the perfect venue for your wedding. we specialize in making every guest feel special while ensuring that your wedding day is everything you’ve dreamed of.



                            inquire now
                        

















                                                discover an idyllic vermont setting for your dream wedding at the woodstock inn & resort.
                            
            
            













                                                have you always pictured your wedding in the open air under the stars or with the grass between your bare feet? 
                            
            
            













                                                we take pride in our outstanding service with experienced wedding coordinators who will help you plan every detail to assure a brilliantly memorable experience.
                            
            
            






1 / 























                groups & meetings
            

the inspirational setting and modern amenities of the woodstock inn & resort make it ideal for corporate retreats, business meetings, social gatherings, and family reunions. we can accommodate up to 300 people, with 10,000-square-feet of flexible event and meeting space to choose from. in addition to our on-site, dedicated meeting and event planners, there are numerous options for group activities at the inn and throughout woodstock that will ensure your gathering is both productive and engaging for all.host with us






















                    the red barns at kelly way gardens 
                

when is a garden more than just a garden? when it’s the foundation of a farm-to-table experience that provides the woodstock inn & resort with the freshest, most flavorful herbs and vegetables you’re likely to ever experience.explore the gardens
















exclusive packages

see all packages




















share the slopes ski package



                                                  introduce a friend or family member to alpine skiing while you enjoy the mountain together!


                            
            
            


                    read more : share the slopes ski package





                    book now
                

                    read more : share the slopes ski package





















sugar season escape



                                                  our sugar season escape package makes getting away to the beauty of woodstock, vermont even sweeter.


                            
            
            


                    read more : sugar season escape





                    book now
                

                    read more : sugar season escape





















woodstock nordic ski package



                                                  few winter sports can match the tranquility - nor the endorphin rush - of cross country skiing.


                            
            
            


                    read more : woodstock nordic ski package





                    book now
                

                    read more : woodstock nordic ski package














subscribe & stay tuned!
sign up to receive special deals, packages and information about the woodstock inn & resort.




email address


subscribe






awards & recognition





































 



14 the green,woodstock, vermont 05091800-448-7900


social


facebook


instagram


pinterest


linkedin





footer menu


contact us


blog


careers


donations


memberships


resort faqs


media & press


iprefer rewards




privacy menu


privacy


accessibility




                    all rights reserved.  © 2025 the woodstock inn & resort
                














