




american pit bull registry - pit bull registration made easy

























american pit bull registry - world's largest pit bull registry


po box 1036antioch, tn 37011


 

home
services
registration
community
kennels
gallery
health
discounts
info
contact





















american pit bull registry (apbr)
dedicated to responsible pit bull ownership!






registration
pit bull registration made easy with both mobile and mail in options.
more



genealogy tracking
most advanced genealogy tracking in the world with up to 11 generation super pedigrees.
more



social engagement
bringing the pit bull community closer together around the world.
more



free marketing assistance
marketing assistance. sell! buy! find! breed! free to apbr members.
more



the american pit bull registry specializes exclusively in the registration of purebred pit bulls. the american pit bull terrier has a long history and is one of the oldest recognized pure breeds in existence. the apbr believes in the original apbt standard and does not believe in changing a standard to suit the personal interest of bias individuals or to caving in to internal politics of others in the registration industry. the purpose of the apbr is to highlight the positive role the apbt has had in history and to help insure that the breed maintains it's standard and loyalty to owners that it was initially developed for.











the form is not for apbr litter pup transfers. if you have a pre-registered pit bull registered by your breeder from a litter please use the form listed on the back of the certificate provided to you by your breeder. online pit bull registrationprint and mail registration





have a recent litter of purebred pit bull puppies that need to be registered? do both parents also need to be registered? if so then this is the right program for you. here you can register them all together at a discounted rate.online pit bull family registrationprint and mail registration





have a recent litter of purebred pit bull puppies that need to be registered? does one of the parents also need to be registered? if so then this is the right program for you. here you can register them all together at a discounted rate.online pit bull litter + 1 parent registrationprint and mail registration





have a recent litter of purebred pit bull puppies that need to be registered? is one or both parents already apbr registered? if so then this is the right program for you. here you can register your purebred pit bull litter at a discounted rate.online pit bull litter registrationprint and mail registration





have 5 purebred pit bulls you would like to register using a group discounted rate? if so then this is the right program for you. here you can register your purebred pit bulls all together taking advantage of a deep group discount.5 online pit bull registrationsprint and mail registrations





plan on breeding? are you an apbr member or are you signing up to join? if so then apbr kennel certification is right for you. and its free!online free pit bull kennel certificationprint and mail form






pit bull registration made easy



online form options:
single pit registration | family registration | litter plus 1 parent registration | litter registration
| 5 pit registration | apbr kennel certification

printable form options:
single pit registration | family registration | litter plus 1 parent registration | litter registration
| 5 pit registration | apbr kennel certification





single pit bull registration
to be used to register a purebred pit bull.
 
 








pit bull family registration
to be used for a purebred pit bull litter and both parents.
 








pit bull litter + 1 parent registration
to be used for a purebred pit bull litter and one parent.
 








pit bull litter registration
to be used for a purebred pit bull litter and at least one parent is already apbr registered.
 








five pit bull registrations
to be used to register  five purebred pit bulls at a group discounted rate.
 








free pit bull kennel registration
apbr pit bull kennel registration requires apbr membership.
 








testimonial


"thank you so much for adding me to your site! i already have had three pups sold, and i was only added a week ago! one puppy sold to someone all the way on the other side of the state, five hours away! that would have never happened had you not added a link to my site in the apbr certified kennel section."
thunderstorm kennels









if you are looking for a registry to represent you as a pit bull owner you have come to the right place. the apbr is the world's largest international pit bull specific registry and offers registration services unparalleled in the entire registration industry. in addition to registration services we are also the largest information provider on the world wide web in regards to the american pit bull terrier / apbt dog breed. as part of our service to the pit bull community the american pit bull registry ( apbr ) also offers a vast repository of information on pit bulls and is considered to be the number one resource and clearinghouse on the internet with thousands of pages of general and member exclusive content. for those looking to be involved with a live community of other pit bull enthusiasts we are also the only registry in the world to maintain a social network ( pit bull social ) dedicated specifically to the breed.
while the primary focus of the american pit bull registry ( apbr ) is to register pure bred pit bulls, we are a comprehensive resource for the pit bull dog breed, owners, rescues, shelters and those wishing to learn more about the american pit bull terrier dog breed and its unique history.





eye-popping design by: right turn web


