








oahu hawaii vacation rentals, kailua beach rentals, vacation homes for rent on oahu hawaii







































kailua beach properties llc








(808) 261-1653info@patskailua.com 








toggle navigation
 menu
            



vacation rentals
kailua activities

rentals by size

three bedrooms
two bedrooms
one bedrooms
studios

contact us
reviews
about us

property management and sales

property management
buying a property
selling a property

home
























aloha, welcome to kailua beach properties llc
  we have fabulous beach cottages and homes located in beautiful kailua, hawaii, on the island of oahu.










request availability

 


click to call us




email us





welcome to kailua beach!
kailua beach properties llc offers island-style beach cottages and homes located in kailua and lanikai. all vacation rentals are located on the lovely island of oahu, and are perfect for your family beach vacation. our rentals are fully furnished and range in size from studio cottages to three bedroom homes. daily and monthly rates are available. 

 

click here to view our
three bedroom houses






come stay with us! 

kailua beach properties llc is a family owned and operated business first established in 1977 as pat's kailua beach properties. from a modest beginning, kailua beach properties llc has grown, mainly through referrals and returnees, to be one of the largest providers of vacation homes and cottages on the windward side of oahu.  

 

click here to view our two bedroom cottages





relax with us!
we offer permitted rentals. all are walking distance from kailua beach.



click here to view our one bedroom
cottages 





contact us today! 

guests can choose from our large selection of cottages and homes, just a few steps from the beautiful white sands of kailua beach. come relax with us!  

 

click here to view our studios








â© 2018 kailua beach properties, llc | website hosted by newtek technology solutions

204 s. kalaheo avenue, kailua, hi 96734 rb-18885











