
















welcome to lpd press














rio grande books & lpd press 
a spotlight on southwest art & culture






welcomebook storeebookssignings & eventsabout ussearch site-wideresourcestangled branches




welcomebook storeebookssignings & eventsabout ussearch site-wideresourcestangled branches





spotlight on books 

welcomebook storeebookssignings & eventsabout ussearch site-wideresourcestangled branches











rio grande books     & lpd presswelcome to ...one of the most comprehensive locations for information on art and culture in the southwest, with information on traditional and contemporary native american and hispanic arts, southwestern history, and books.




click on cover image above for more information
badman of the new mexico badlands: gus raney, multiple killergus raney was an individual who possessed few, if any, redeeming qualities. yet he attained a reputation as a genuine “wild west” character, even though he lived most of his eight decades in the twentieth century. don bullis leaves no doubt raney was a “badman.” he was convicted of two murders and suspected of several others, including two of his own sons. bullis carefully examines raney’s life, debunking much of the mythology that accumulating around him, much of it created by lies and exaggerations of his own making. yet, bullis provides often minute, well documented details of the violent and often mysterious life that raney made for himself. “badman” is a careful and informative treatment of raney’s life and a region of new mexico that often seemed beyond the reach of effective law enforcement.	robert j. tórrez, new mexico state historian, retired gus raney was certainly a character right out of the old west, even though all of his life and exploits occurred well into the twentieth century. however, the phrase “legend in his own mind” may be an appropriate description for this new mexico “badass,” as is well described by noted new mexico historian don bullis. bullis’s masterful biography recounts gus’ life, while debunking many of the myths and legends about gus, most of which were self-generated by the man himself.billy the kid be damned—this is a must read for anyone interested in the fascinating characters that make new mexico’s history so engaging! 	john taylor, award-winning author of new mexico history














































































lpd press & rio grande books faith and art have always been bound together, especially in the southwest and the old hispanic villages of new mexico. lpd press has built a regional publishing company whose mission is to share the stories of faith, history, culture, and art found in the hispanic southwest. rio grande books has taken that foundation and has expanded beyond the boundaries of new mexico and explores the history and culture of the entire southwest. together, they are recording tradition."among their books are works on hispanic pottery and historical works about archbishop jean baptiste lamy and frank applegate, who helped develop the art movement in new mexico" -- albuquerque journalin memoriamnew mexico loses a champion of local books and authorsbarbe awalt, co-founder of rio grande books as well as the new mexico book co-op, passed away on may 13 due to pancreatic cancer. read more …







			
			© 1994-2024, prhetts1@gmail.com
		
			welcome / 



