


new england trucking specialists | freight services| s & j transportation, inc





















view larger map  




tweet | message or call: 250-744-4357
name: 
e-mail: 

tweet me! 




























flexible transportation solutions
new england same day truckload service









intermodal drayage services
covering new england, ny, and nj ports and railheads









expedite air freight
pick up and deliveries for both mht and bos









transportation solutions
service available 24 hours 7 days a week call 800.776.3718



previous next















email : dispatch@sjtrans.com


call : 603-659-3542

























check out our blog! 











 














toggle navigation main menu


home

main page


services

regional trucking / port drayage
nationwide logistics
warehousing and distribution
storage container rentals
photo slideshow


info

about us
contact us
company docs
faqs
[numo.blog: blog links(render_within_submenu=1)]
sitemap
privacy policy


shipment tracking

shipment tracker

     




















we are equipt with an array of trucks and chassis for transporting ocean containers.
learn more

all points in new england

regional trucking










we are equipt with an array of chassis for transporting ocean containers.
learn more

imports and exports to all points in new england

nationwide logistics










s&j handles air frieght and we are an approved tsa vendor.
learn more

logan and mht

air freight










multiple full service buildings that are racked, heated, and fully secured.
learn more

southern nh

warehousing












   







freight, transportation, and logistics specialists
s&j transportation services, inc transports freight and ocean containers from the tip of maine to the piers of new jersey and everywhere inbetween. through years of experience, dedication, and superior technology our team can offer you trucking solutions, in any circumstance, if you are looking to move freight across the country or simply just need to ship a box to the airport. you have just found your new england trucking company partner.
you will be delighted with our transportation and freight management solutions.



transportation professionals:
31 years of experience in the trucking business, and 31 years of superior customer service and dedication..


lower shipping costs:
company owned equipment, company drivers and fleet service staff, superior vehicle maintenance program. all of this translates to lower transportation expenses and better service for you.




accountability :
we boast a 98% on-time delivery rate, and a 99.6% billing accuracy rate.


outstanding technology :
our state of the art dispatch management software, integrated gps and messaging units, electronic driver logs - all of these tools provide a constant flow of information from our dispatch office and trucks to our customers.









 







recipe for success!
"leaders win through logistics. vision,sure. strategy,yes. but when you go to war, you need to have toilet paper and bullets at the right place at the right time. in other words, you must win through supior logistics."
- tom peters







 








s&j transportation provides:


regional trucking



intermodal drayage



expert freight management



air freight pickup/deliveries





local ltl and ftl



warehouse transfers



even courier services





1-603-659-3542


















we're not the only ones excited about s&j transportation!
learn what our customer have to say...






what our clients say!
it was great to hear your voice again! i tell everybody that you guys are the best! unlike the larger operations, the personal customer service we enjoyed from s&j was tremendous.
devens recycling center


something else our clients say!
i'd like to take minute to let you know that you guys are great! mal is and always has been on the ball for us with our local runs. lynette and eric and crew are fantastic with our ltl requirements. we hit 10 years in business this month and you guys have been there for us every step of the way... can't say enough good things about your company, and i refer you whenever i can. thank you!
john cottenmyre | evergreen material partners, inc.


kind words, kind people!
s&j is great to work with! they help us with many things such as warehousing, daily pickups, last minute pickups with same day delivery, drop trailers and have even helped me out when i was in a bind when my original carrier failed on a shipment. they have great customer service, very fast in resonding to all requests. i appreciate the work the s&j team does for us.
natasha souther | ltl team leader - wtg -tts, llc.


what our clients say!
for the past 20 years since icg worldwide first began in new england s & j transport is the only carrier that will handle any freight going into and out of new hampshire. s & j does an exceptional service, from customer service and quoting charges to collections and deliveries of freight. their drivers are on time and very helpful also. if you have freight utilize s & j transport!!
paul reardon | vice-president - icg worldwide













   

              






get in touch!



about our company
s&j transportation services was founded in 1986 by james p daley jr. starting with 2 trucks, a small office and a handful of dedicated talented employees. over the years s&j has grown to become one of new england's premier logistics partners for many companies.



recent updates

 welcome to our new website with updated mobile features for those of you on the go. we have also included many new features including our very first blog. each month one of our staff members will be posting something fantastic. we have also taken the liberty to include container tracking, contact info, and information about our employment opportunities. please enjoy!




helpful links

home page
about our team
contact us today
use our sitemap




contact info
address:

251 calef highway, lee nh

phone number:

800-776-3718
603-659-3542

e-mail:

dispatch@sjtrans.com










   







copyright 2020. s&j transportation inc. all rights reserved.




  



             