





three rivers chamber – promoting, engaging, and enhancing business


































skip to content



phone: (269) 278-8193
three rivers weather

toggle navigationhomemembersfind a memberbenefits of membershipmembership investment schedulechamber partnership programaboutevent calendarwhat we dothree rivers area informationstaffindustrial business opportunitiesthree rivers tourlinkstr water festival facebooktr chamber facebookst. joseph countycity of three rivers, mithree rivers ddavillage of centrevillevillage of constantinevillage of mendonlocal linksfacility rentalscontactmember login
 





home (new)admin2024-06-07t13:24:35-04:00 
three rivers area
chamber of commerce promote. engage. enhance. join today!benefits of membership



welcome.our mission is to promote, engage, and enhance business throughout the three rivers area. much has changed over the last 75 years, and our methods continue evolving to meet the needs of our membership and community.
we serve four communities – three rivers, centreville, constantine, and mendon – and nearly 300 businesses and organizations. we have organized the three rivers water festival, a multi-day event bringing in thousands of visitors and highlighting our town and its businesses, for over 60 years. we support businesses by communicating with legislators and advocating on behalf of our members. we also offer relevant educational events to help you stay up-to-date on topics like tax law, hr law, social media, and email marketing. on the lighter side, we create fun events to highlight the unique recreational and scenic features throughout the area.
with a board of 18 members and an ambassador team of 20 individuals, we represent the diversity of our community. this group of professionals serves by welcoming new businesses, advocating for our community, and attending ribbon cuttings, groundbreakings, and open houses. we look forward to continuing our work with you as we promote and enjoy this community we call home.
our mission.the mission of the three rivers area chamber of commerce is to promote, engage and enhance business throughout the three rivers area.
our vision.the three rivers area chamber of commerce is committed to developing collaborative relationships that engage our community and provide resources, programs and benefits essential for economic growth and community advancement.






 




water festivalclick to view forms for upcoming 2024 water festival  [...]






 




your membership benefits are you making the most of your chamber membership? [...]

view our events calendarview eventschamber trip packagesadmin2024-02-29t15:14:21-05:00

 

normandy 2024 | 9/28 – 10/9chamber civility initiativelearn more



 
 
promoting businesssee how we are assisting local businesses. from communicating with legislators to organizing local events we are here to help  assist and promote your business. view our community guide to see some of the highlights of our community.
2020-2021 community guidejoin today
phone: (269) 278-8193
contact usthree rivers chamber facebooktr water festival facebooksign up for our newsletterenter your email to sign up for
chamber communication!













©  • three rivers area chamber of commerce • powered by geek genius


 
 
page load link














 



go to top




