


david l. beveridge












david l. beveridge, phd
professor of theoretical chemistry and molecular
         biophysics 
(860) 685-2575 
dbeveridge@wesleyan.edu
         






theoretical physical chemistry and molecular biophysics,
quantum mechanics, statistical thermodynamics, molecular dynamics and
monte carlo computer simulation; structure, dynamics and solvation of
nucleic acids and proteins, role of water in structural biochemistry.




molecular dynamics (md) computer simulation is a powerful
computational approach to the study of macromolecular structure and
motions. md simulation is a computer experiment in which the atoms of
a postulated system execute newtonian dynamics on an assumed
potential energy surface. the dna sequence chosen for study, the
assumed energy surface, and the simulation protocol are all
operational variables in the calculation. an accurate dynamical model
for dna sequences obtained from md can in principle provide a general
theoretical basis for understanding the nature of sequence-dependent
structural irregularities, axis bending, and helical flexibility, all
of which are expected to be implicated in important drug-dna and
protein-dna interactions. this group specializes in md simulations on
dna including explicit consideration of solvent, and validation of md
models of dna via comparisons with experimental data. we are
currently extending our considerations to the study of protein-dna
interactions. these studies are quite computationally intensive, and
involve remote access to supercomputing facilities located at
national resource centers as well as extensive use of local
facilities for molecular graphics established on computer
workstations at wesleyan.
a
series of projects carried out recently have focused of developing a
dynamical model for the d(cgcgaattcgcg) duplex, a system for which
considerable experimental data is available from x-ray
crystallography and nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy.
particularly interesting structural deformations and axis bending
were observed in the crystal structure, and have formed the basis for
validation studies of the dynamical model of the sequence obtained
rom md simulation. a comparison of calculated and observed nmr
parameters relevant to 2d--noesy spectroscopy have served as a
validation point for the structure in solution. the md results
provide a quite reasonable account of axis bending. these studies are
now being extended to dna sequences involving sequences of adenine
residues, which have been previously associated with particular
bending characteristics in vitro and in nucleosome. a full scale
study of sequence effects on structure based on md simulations is
envisaged.
most recently we have extended our md studies into the realm of
protein-dna simulations, and developed a dynamical model for the
repressor operator complex. here we can study the uncomplexed dna and
protein independently as well as the complex, and use the results to
investigate the role of sequence dependent effects, axis bending and
deformability of the dna on complex formation. these studies are
designed to contribute to the eludcidation of the molecular basis of
genetic regulatory mechanisms.

selected publications

"the dna-esperamicin a1 complex: a model based on a solvated
   molecular dynamics simulation" d. r. langley, j. golik, t. w.
   doyle, d. l. beveridge, j. am. chem. soc. 116, 15
   (1994).
"differential stability of b-sheets
   and a-helices in b-lactamase:
   a high temperature molecular dynamics study of unfolding
   intermediates" s. vijayakumar, s. vishveshwara, g. ravishanker, d.
   l. beveridge, biophys. j. 65, 2304 (1994).
"a nanosecond molecular dynamics trajectory for a b dna double
   helix: evidence for substrates" k. j. mcconnell, r. nirmala, m. a.
   young, g. ravishanker,d. l. beveridge, j. am. chem. soc.
   116, 4461 (1994).
"molecular dynamics simulations of dna and protein-dna
   complexes including solvent: recent progress" d. l. beveridge, k.
   j. mcconnell, r. nirmala, m. a. young, s. vijayakumar, g.
   ravishanker, acs symposium series, no. 568, structure and
   reactivity in aqueous solution: characterization of chemical and
   biological systems, c. j. cramer, d. g. truhlar, eds.,
   381-394, 1994.
"strips: an algorithm for generating two-dimensional
   hydrogen-bond topology diagram for proteins" g. ravishanker, s.
   vijayakumar, d. l. beveridge, acs symp. ser. no. 569, modeling
   the hydrogen bond, d. a. smith, ed., 209-219, 1994.
"analysis of hydrogen bonding and stability of protein
   secondary structures in molecular dynamics simulations" s.
   vigayakumar, s. vishuveshwara, g. ravishanker, d. l. beveridge,
   acs symp. ser. no. 569, modeling the hodrygen bond, d. a.
   smith, ed., 175-193 (1994).
"comparison of the 13c relaxation times and protein
   scalar couplings of bpti with values predicted by molecular
   dynamics" s. balasubramanian, r. nirmala, d. l. beveridge and p.
   h. bolton, j. mag. res., series b 104, 240
   (1994).
"molecular dynamics simulation of a class a b-lactamase:
   structural and mechanistic implications" s. vijayakumar, g.
   ravishanker, r. f. pratt, d. l. beveridge, j. am. chem.
   soc. 117, 1722 (1995).
"analysis of local helix bending in crystal structures of dna
   oligonucleotides and dna-proteins complexes" m. a. young, g.
   ravishanker, d. l. beveridge, h. m. berman, biophys. j.
   68, 2454 (1995).
"molecular dynamics simulations of dna and a protein-dna
   complex including solvent" d. l. beveridge, k. j. mcconnell, m. a.
   young, s. vijayakumar, g. ravishanker, in modelling of
   biomolecular structures and mechanisms, a. pullman et al.,
   eds., kluew academic publishers, 409-423, 1995.
"a simple test for evaluating the truncation effects in
   simulations of systems involving charged groups" p. auffinger, d.
   l. beveridge, chem. phys. lett. 234, 413
   (1995).
"structure determination and analysis of local bending in an
   a-tract dna duplex: comparison of results from crystallography,
   nuclear magnetic resonance and molecular dynamics simulation" m.
   a. young, j. srinivasan, i. goljer, s. kumar, d. l. beveridge, p.
   h. bolton, meth. in enzymology 261, 121 (1995).
"modeling dna in aqueous solutions: theoretical and computer
   simulations studies on the ion atmosphere of dna" b. jayaram, d.
   l. beveridge, annu. rev. biophys. biomol. struct.
   25, 367 (1996).
"intrusion of counterions into the spine of hydration in the
   minor groove of b-dna: fractional occupancy of electronegative
   pockets" m. a. young, b. jayaram, d. l. beveridge, j. am. chem.
   soc. 119, 59 (1997).


education 
b.a. 1959 college of wooster, ohio 
ph.d. 1965 university of cincinnati, theoretical physical
chemistry 
postdoctoral fellowships: 
       centre de mécanique ondulatoire
   appliqué paris, france; 
   
          carnegie mellon university 












chemistry


wesleyan




last updated: april 12, 1999


