






a botanical garden and plant nursery in the east bay area































































































 



































shop my account cart donate membership
menu
search

visit

visit the garden
plan your visit
the garden

garden overview
plant highlights
what’s in bloom
self-guided tour booklet
tumblr
curator’s column


the nursery

about the nursery
ca native plants
garden art
artisanal pottery
specialty soils
nursery return policy
plant donations
plant arrivals this week


faq

frequently asked questions
artists permit request


sign up for our newsletter


services

offerings overview
private rentals

private rentals overview
weddings
photography & creative use
photography session request


landscape design

design services overview
contact us
designer in the nursery
landscape design portfolio


online store

visit the online store
cart
checkout




about

about us
history

history overview
ruth bancroft
2022 golden jubilee exhibit in the garden


staff
board of directors

become a board member


sign up for our newsletter
contact us
press
privacy policy

cookies policy
terms and conditions




learn

education overview
educational events
adult education
children’s education

children’s education opportunities
garden buds
story time
field trips


tours

about our tours
private garden tour & lectures
private lecture request form
guided garden tour
guided garden tour form


resources
cancellation & refund policies
sign up for our newsletter


support

ways to support overview
give

ways to give
gala
recurring donation
garden preservation fund
tributes and planned giving
matching gifts
donor advised funds
donate stock
donor tile request


membership

become a member
my account
landscape professional membership
landscape professional membership application
sign up for our newsletter


sponsorship
jobs and other opportunities

jobs
associate landscape designer
internship application


volunteer

volunteer with us
volunteer application




events

upcoming events
community calendar
sculpture in the garden
sound baths
gala
garden of d’lights
member coffees
cancellation & refund policies for rbg programs & events












welcome to the ruth bancroft garden & nursery


local non-profit, east bay dry garden and plant nursery
 nestled in the suburbs of walnut creek is an outdoor botanical garden and onsite retail nursery. we specialize in drought-tolerant and climate-adaptive plants that are well-suited to the microclimate in the east bay. the plant collection includes agaves, aloes, cacti, california native plants, succulents, yuccas, and more! recently ranked “the most beautiful garden in the world” by tripadvisor! 
get directions
 
 membershipsupport the garden you love with your membership duesread morea ruth bancroft garden membership grants you many benefits including the ahs reciprocal membership. use our membership as a passport to gardens throughout north america (including the gardens of golden gate park, desert botanical, and over 380 more). you can become a member online and start taking advantage of this benefit right away!
rbg members always receive:

free garden admission year-round
discounts on lectures, workshops, and events
access to monthly plant sales in our nursery
20% off in our nursery every time you shop
and so much more!

if you have questions about membership, please email membership@ruthbancroftgarden.org!

donateinvest in a legacy of climate-resiliency, education, and conservationread morehelp our organization preserve ruth’s garden, invest in education, create an accessible and beautiful space, and educate our community and beyond on climate-resilient gardening.
make a donation 
the garden’s mission is to preserve, promote, and enhance ruth bancroft’s world-class collection of water-conserving plants displayed in her exceptionally designed garden for the education, inspiration, and enjoyment of the public.
 

eventsjoin us for our fun events and help us fundraise for the gardenread morewe offer a wide selection of classes, lectures, and events to suit every interest! all proceeds are funneled back into the organization to help maintain the garden and fund our mission. by visiting the ruth bancroft garden, you are helping to support a local nonprofit organization.
events on the horizon:
sound bath
story time
garden gala
 















 what we offer
 the garden
 
the ruth bancroft garden houses a unique and diverse collection of cacti, succulents and drought-tolerant plants from around the world. the many large mature specimens located throughout the 3.5 acre garden serve as an excellent example of just how stunning a dry garden can be. we invite you to come spend the day wandering through the meandering paths and exploring the thousands of different plants species we have growing.  there is always something in bloom at the garden!
the garden does not have traditional botanical garden signs. this is due to ruth’s original vision; she felt that signs would interfere with the artistic view of the garden. we have a self-guided tour booklet available at the kiosk to help you navigate the space and learn about the garden’s plant collection.
we are a member supported garden – thank you to our many members, donors, and visitors who take the time to enjoy the space! we’ll see you soon.
 the nursery
voted “best plant nursery” by diablo magazine editors and readers, 2020, 2021 & 2022 and runner up in 2023
 
we sell california native plants, succulents, cacti, and many other varieties of climate-resilient plants, ranging in size from 2” to 15-gallon. our selection includes agaves, aloes, aeoniums, yuccas, cacti and many more that are suited to our micro-climate. we also have a wide range of other waterwise plants, including the largest selection of proteaceae in northern california. these include protea, leucospermum, leucadendron, grevillea, and banksia.
 education
discover the wonders of the garden with our diverse educational offerings at the ruth bancroft garden and nursery. we host a variety of classes and workshops that our education department specially curates.  become a member and enjoy discounted prices, as we strive to make learning accessible to all.
with our family and pet-friendly environment, spending the day at the garden is an enriching adventure for all ages. let your little ones explore the wonders of our diverse plant collection while discovering the joy of outdoor exploration. our children’s education programs at the ruth bancroft garden foster curiosity, learning, and unforgettable memories.

 private rentals
voted “best wedding venue in the east bay” by diablo magazine editors and readers, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, & 2024
 
elevate your special event to extraordinary heights! the garden offers a truly unique backdrop that adds a touch of enchantment to any occasion. with both indoor and outdoor spaces available, we provide the perfect fit for events of all types. celebrate weddings, anniversaries, birthdays, corporate gatherings, and more. our meticulously maintained garden and picturesque surroundings create an atmosphere that is both elegant and tranquil, making every moment unforgettable. our dedicated team will work closely with you to ensure that every detail is flawlessly executed, allowing you to relax and enjoy your special day.
discover the magic of hosting your private event in our extraordinary garden.  contact us today to inquire about availability and let us help you create cherished memories in this enchanting setting.
 landscape design services
voted “best landscape design services” by diablo magazine editors and readers, 2023 & 2024
 
want a waterwise garden but not sure where to start? we offer landscape design services in the bay area ranging from hourly garden consultations to full custom design plans.
transform your outdoor space with our expert landscape designers, featuring stunning climate-resilient plants perfectly suited to our mediterranean micro-climate. fill out our design services inquiry form to get started!
if you have a few plant questions, drop-in on the first wednesday of the month from 9:30am-12:30pm and chat with one of our landscape designers at designer in the nursery!
 















 featured events



story time (2/20) – free for members
thursday, february 20, 2025 @ 9:30 am - 10:00 am
learn more >





paint, plant, and grow: a family hummingbird & flower workshop
sunday, february 23, 2025 @ 12:30 pm - 1:30 pm
learn more >





guided walk with curator brian kemble: the art & science of hybridization
saturday, march 1, 2025 @ 10:00 am - 10:00 am
learn more >





garden buds – march
tuesday, march 4, 2025 @ 9:30 am - 10:30 am
learn more >





sound bath (march)
wednesday, march 12, 2025 @ 6:00 pm - 7:00 pm
learn more >






 

tumblr
check out our curator, brian kemble’s, latest flashes of brilliance on tumblr.
 
learn more







what’s in bloom
february 2025
preview the plants blooming in the garden right now. discover which ones are available in the nursery. print this guide at home or pick one up at the garden when you visit.
download now




 

latest plant highlight: grevillea lavandulacea ‘penola’
the home range of grevillea lavandulacea is in southeastern australia, in the western part of victoria and the eastern part of south australia. it varies in habit from low-growing prostrate forms to shrubs as much as 5 feet tall, and the cultivar ‘penola’ is at the larger end of this spectrum, attaining a height of 4 to 5 feet.
read more



 

 instagram



 newsletter
join our mailing list to learn about what’s in bloom, hear about tours and workshops, and find out what’s on sale in the nursery.
view disclosure

by submitting this form, you are granting: the ruth bancroft garden, 1552 bancroft rd., walnut creek, ca, 94598, permission to email you. you may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (see our email privacy policy for details.) emails are serviced by constant contact.


first name last name email address *children's programs - please type "yes" in the box below if you would like to receive information about our children's programs. select list(s) to subscribe to2024  master list example: yes, i would like to receive emails from the ruth bancroft garden & nursery. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: the ruth bancroft garden & nursery. you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact 





 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




the ruth bancroft garden is a non-profit 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization.tax id is 68-0310041.
1552 bancroft road |  walnut creek, ca 94598
(925) 944-9352 
website by colombo designs





the ruth bancroft garden is a preservation project ofthe garden conservancy.








 
















































