


goggle.com - google.com






















 











 
 

 
   
 


















 
    custom search
  






goggle.com
take a look at 

goggle.com 
which is just a simple website with less than 20 pages indexed by google. why is there still a high level of traffic (visitors) visiting goggle.com everyday as reported by
alexa.com?  
are these people really looking for goggle or goggle.com, or actually looking 
for something else? did they make a spelling mistake or typing error why? this 
strange scenario triggered my curiousness that led to the initiation of this discussion.
(important term of use: the following discussion may not be accurate anymore
once any of the facts used to support the discussion changes.)




 please help us to understand whether internet users who visit goggle.com are actually looking for google.com.   (  polls)


how can people
              reach goggle.com? there are three ways:


by typing
                  'goggle.com' in the address bar of their internet browser
possibility
                  no. 1 
                  he/she is in fact looking for goggle.com.
possibility no. 2
he/she is making a spelling mistake or typing error.


by typing'
                  goggle.com' in the search box of a search engine
possibility no. 1
he/she is in fact looking for goggle.com.
possibility no. 2
he/she is making a spelling mistake or typing error.


by typing
                  only the word 'goggle' in the search box of a search engine.
possibility no. 1
he/she is in fact looking for goggle.com.
possibility no. 2
he/she is making a spelling mistake or typing error.
possibility no. 3
he/she is looking for goggle with a domain extension
                  other than dot com like goggle.net, goggle.org, goggle.info,
                  goggle.biz, goggle.co.uk, goggle.ca, goggle.tv, goggle.us,
                  goggle.mobi etc.
possibility no. 4
he/she is trying to search for more information in respect 
					of the word goggle.








meaning of 
				goggle: 

				wikipedia.com explains goggle as goggles which are 
				protective eyewear in the form of safety glasses. in
				
				thefreedictionary.com and
				
				answers.com, goggle means to stare with wide and bulging 
				eyes or to roll/bulge by using the eyes. in short, goggle or 
				goggles are just common words used during our daily life.
now, we examine
              each possibility in details.
 
              possibility no. 1: he/she is in fact looking for goggle.com.

in view of the current design of
				goggle.com, it is 
				submitted as a personal opinion that it is only of a very small 
				chance that someone will look for 
				a website of such kind. that is to say, possibility no. 1 will not 
				really happen.


possibility no. 2: he/she is making a spelling mistake
              or typing error.
 
				there are many words that could be spelled or typed wrongly as 
				goggle. the most common one is google as illustrated by option 2 
				of the poll 
				above. it shows how often you can find someone spelling or 
				typing google as goggle. other words that 
				could possibly be spelled or typed wrongly as goggle are goggles, 
				gaggle, giggle, boggle, joggle, toggle and woggle. this is 
				represented by option 3 of the poll above.


possibility no. 3: he/she is looking for goggle with a
              domain extension other than goggle.com
some examples of
              other domain extensions of goggle are goggle.net, goggle.org, goggle.info,
              goggle.biz, goggle.co.uk, goggle.ca, goggle.tv, goggle.us, goggle.mobi
              etc.
goggle.net
history: now 
				(no earlier history is available for http://www.goggle.org)

goggle.org
history: now 
				(no earlier history is available for http://www.goggle.org)

goggle.co.uk
history: 
				
				may 08, 2005,
				
				aug 19, 2006,
				
				jan 13, 2008,
				now
 
              goggle.ca 
              history: 
				
				sep 29, 2002,
				
				nov 18, 2003,
				
				aug 06, 2004,
				
				may 22, 2005, now
 
              goggle.biz
history: 
				
				mar 23, 2003,
				
				dec 16, 2004,
				
				may 13, 2006,
				
				jan 18, 2007,
				
				apr 26, 2008,
				now

goggle.info 
              history: now 
				(no earlier history is available for http://www.goggle.info)

goggle.us 
              history: 
				
				aug 30, 2004, 
				
				oct 28, 2005,
				
				apr 23, 2006,
				
				apr 08, 2007, now

goggle.tv 
              history: 
				
feb 18, 2008, 
				now

goggle.mobi 
              history: now 
				(no earlier history is available for http://www.goggle.mobi)
 
              looking at the
              history and current design of some of the other
              domain extensions of goggle, it is submitted as a personal opinion that it
              is highly unlikely that an internet user will look for any of these domain extensions of goggle. in other words,
              possibility no. 3 will not really happen.


				possibility no. 4: he/she is trying to search for more information in respect 
					of the word goggle

				thefreedictionary.com and
				
				answers.com both explain goggle as to stare with wide and 
				bulging eyes or to roll/bulge by using the eyes. goggle is a 
				normal word with its own meaning. hence, it is possible for 
				users of the internet to find the meaning of or search for more 
				information about goggle online. option 1 of the poll above 
				represents this group of internet users.
 
conclusion:

only possibility no. 2 and 4  are applicable to internet
              users who visited goggle.com. 
possibility no. 2 is represented by option 
				2 and 3 of the poll above: i typed wrongly in a search box and 
				found this web page. i typed 'goggle' or 'goggle.com' but was 
				actually looking for google.com or something else other than 
				google.com.
possibility no. 4
              is represented by option 1 of the poll above: 
              i typed correctly in a search 
				box and found this web page. i typed 'goggle' or 'goggle.com' 
				and was actually looking for goggle.com.

in summary, anyone who visits 
				goggle.com is either trying to search for information on the 
				word goggle or to visit google.com. based on the results of the 
				poll above, there is also a small percentage of internet users 
				who visited goggle.com was originally trying to look for 
				something else other than google.com



 
          
copyright © 2008. all rights
reserved.


 
         
        




ski sunglasses or skiing goggles?
if you are new to 
				skiing, should you wear skiing goggles or ski sunglasses? this 
				article tries to answer that question.








 









tips for buying ski and snowboard goggles
goggles are an 
				essential item on the gear checklist for the novice or advanced 
				skier and rider alike. this article will provide you with some 
				tips to consider when shopping for a new pair of goggles for 
				your next trip to the slopes. 








 









dos and don'ts in choosing snowboarding goggles
wearing snowboarding 
				goggles is really necessary when you're into this type of sport. 
				you are exposed to the sun's rays, to snow or tree branches 
				especially when you're into a tremendous speed down the slopes. 
				wearing the right snowboarding goggles is your main concern to 
				prevent the happening of untoward incidents when you do perform 
				your hobby.








 









buy swim goggles from made-in-china
a pair of swim goggles 
				is provided which incorporates a timing device with a visual 
				display in the swimmer's field of vision and automatic actuation 
				upon contact with water. finding the right pair of swim goggles 
				is very critical for your swimming, you should buy it from 
				made-in-china.








 









tips for selecting snowboard or ski goggles
five things to look for 
				when you buy snowboard or ski goggles







 








goggles provide a variety of eye protection
goggles provide inexpensive 
				protection of your vision during sporting activities, and also 
				in the workplace. a small investment in protection can save your 
				priceless vision.








 