






amphora winery | art and wine are life…
























 


























home
wines
wine club

current club offerings


about

team amphora
faqs


visit
events
contact
account











art and wine are life…
“the art of wine-making and the passion of hands molding clay come together at amphora, where we handcraft rare and classic varietals in terracotta amphorae to evoke an added dimension of terroir.”
 
view our selection




 











welcome to amphora

we’re a hands-on winery crafting small lots of a number of varietals from dry creek valley and beyond…
“vines and wines are like people. those with good balance live longer and age more gracefully. the total wine experience-the bouquet, the mouth feel, and the taste-should all be pleasing.  wines and people that are too extreme are begging to be misunderstood.”
rick hutchinson, owner/winemaker
we’re open daily for outdoor tastings and sales. reservations are recommended. walk-ins will be accomodated as space/time allows.







become a member

join one of our fabulous wine clubs for great perks, including complimentary tastings, discounted wines, access to small lots and library wines and much more!

join our club







book a reservation

you can book a reservation to taste via the cellarpass link below, or give us a ring at 707-431-7767. can’t find the appointment time you need? call us!

visit us



 












pioneering amphorae winemaking
amphora wines is a pioneering sonoma county winery specializing in fermenting and aging wine in handmade italian terracotta vessels.





explore 12 (or more) exciting varietals
inspire your palate with classics like cabernet sauvignon and merlot to unique aglianico and teroldego varietals.





you're the expert
trust your own perceptions and engage with our wine on your own terms for the most rewarding and authentic experience.





small lot, handmade quality wines
for more than 25 years we've specialized in producing consistent, award-winning wines celebrated for expressing terroir-driven varietal characteristics.







explore




wines
wine club
about amphora winery
visit amphora winery
events
privacy policy
terms of use
contact amphora
account login












join our mailing list

 













email address*



first name*



last name*












contact us

phone: (707) 431-7767







visit us

4791 dry creek roadhealdsburg, ca 95448view map





© copyright 2021 redesign – amphora wines



 












