





admiralty law - canadian maritime law, admiralty law and shipping law
















































 









canadian maritime law, admiralty law and shipping lawhomeleaguelawsearch




 




welcome to admiraltylaw.com. this site is about canadian maritime law, shipping law, marine law, fisheries law, the law of marine insurance and the law of the sea, ships and shipping. there are over 1,000 cases in our database which we have summarized and categorized. in addition, we have commentaries and papers on various topics of maritime and fisheries law and links to relevant statutes and regulations.


this site is maintained by darren williams of leaguelaw.com. the fisheries pages were authored by retired lawyer brad caldwell of caldwell & co. please contact us with your comments or suggestions.


readers are urged to consult canlii for updates to the cases digested on this site.




jury notice - trial - complex issues 


      arctic pearl fishing ltd. v intact insurance company,  2022 bcsc 1549 
in  other practice topics on september 2, 2022

précis: the british columbia supreme court refused to strike a jury notice in a case involving a failed engine in the plaintiff’s fishing vessel. 
full summary






oil pollution damage - recovery of expenses - shipowner - ssopf 


      haida tourism limited partnership (west coast resorts) v. canada (ship-source oil pollution fund),  2022 fc 1249 
in  pollution (ship source) on august 31, 2022

précis: a shipowner cannot recover costs and expenses from the administrator of the ship source oil pollution fund as a result of oil pollution damage caused solely by its own ship. 
full summary






sea waybill - bill of lading - s. 46 marine liability act 


      arc-en-ciel produce inc. v. bf leticia (ship),  2022 fc 843 
in  admiralty practice,  carriage of goods by sea,  stays of proceedings,  uncategorized on june 7, 2022

précis: the federal court determined that s. 46 of the marine liability act does not apply to waybills or other similar shipping documents. 
full summary






safe manning document - minimum safe manning - marine personnel regulations 


      british columbia ferry and marine workers’ union v. canada (transport),  2022 fc 209 
in  carriage of passengers by sea,  judicial review,  uncategorized on february 17, 2022

précis: the federal court confirmed transport canada’s decision to issue a safe manning document specifying the minimum crew compliment for two ferries was reasonable. 
full summary






delay - inexcusable - inordinate - prejudice 


      fennelly v. lloyd's underwriters,  2021 nlsc 160 
in  admiralty jurisdiction,  other practice topics,  stays of proceedings on december 1, 2021

précis: the supreme court of newfoundland and labrador dismissed a claim against the defendant insurer for want of prosecution. 
full summary






collision - autopilot - logbooks 


      r v. white,  2021 pesc 35 
in  collisions and ships,  offences,  offences in a marine context on september 10, 2021

précis: the supreme court of prince edward island found the accused operator of a fishing vessel guilty for lesser included offences of dangerous operation of a vessel causing death. 
full summary






admiralty practice - discovery - procedural reliability 


      carnival corporation v. vancouver fraser port authority,  2021 bcsc 643 
in  admiralty practice,  discovery on august 4, 2021

précis: the british columbia supreme court permitted portions of a deceased master’s discovery evidence to be admitted at trial. 
full summary






arrest - bail - foreign law - mortgage - sale 


      davy global fund management limited v. michele bottiglieri armatore s.p.a.,  2021 fc 789 
in  bail,  in rem actions and arrest,  stays of proceedings on july 26, 2021

précis: the federal court dismissed a motion for release of an arrested vessel without bail. 
full summary






cargo - germany - leg - multimodal - ocean - terminal 


      iamgold corporation v. hapag-lloyd ag,  2019 fc 1514, 2021 fca 110 
in  carriage of goods by sea,  experts and expert evidence on june 2, 2021 (updated november 29, 2019)

précis: the federal court found that a loss of cargo on the road leg of the carriage was subject to the limitation of liability applicable to road carriage under german law.
full summary






bill of lading - cargo - carriage of goods by water - contract - stay 


      arc-en-ciel produce inc. v. msc belle (ship) 2020 fc 23,  2020 fc 23, 2021 fca 70 
in  other practice topics,  stays of proceedings on may 14, 2021

précis: the federal court of appeal found the federal court erred in applying the “strong cause” test to a claim under s. 46 of the marine liability act. 
full summary




page 1 of 84123...84→


 summaries by topicadmiralty jurisdictionadmiralty practiceappealsarbitration/jurisdiction clauses in maritime lawcosts and security for costsdiscoverydelay and time extensionsexperts and expert evidencein rem actions and arrestinjunctionspartiespleadingsservicestays of proceedingsother practice topicscarriage of goods by seacarriage of goods by road/railcarriage of goods by aircarriage of passengers by seacharters of shipscollisions and shipsconstitutional issues in maritime lawdocks wharves and marinasfisheries lawimmigration and shippingmaritime liens, mortgages & prioritieslimitation periods in maritime lawlimitation of liability in maritime lawmarine insurancemiscellaneous maritime law topicsoffences in a marine contextpersonal injury and maritime lawpollution (ship source)salvage and wrecksship building and repairjudicial salesship supplierstug and towhome / recent casescommentaries by topicstatutes and regsselect paperssearchfisheries lawrecent fisheries casesfisheries papers & articlesfisheries topicsaboriginal rights/defencesconstitutional casescontractsdue diligenceemployment lawfisheries practicejudicial review/crown liabilitymiscellaneousoffencesby licence holders and employersdue diligencefishing prohibitionsforfeituremiscellaneousofficially induced errorsanctionssearch and seizurevariation ordersriparian rightstaxationtortsterms of uselinks

 






recent posts


arctic pearl fishing ltd. v intact insurance company


haida tourism limited partnership (west coast resorts) v. canada (ship-source oil pollution fund)


arc-en-ciel produce inc. v. bf leticia (ship)


british columbia ferry and marine workers’ union v. canada (transport)


fennelly v. lloyd’s underwriters


recent comments





            copyright © league & williams.          


summaries by topicadmiralty jurisdictionadmiralty practiceappealsarbitration/jurisdiction clauses in maritime lawcosts and security for costsdiscoverydelay and time extensionsexperts and expert evidencein rem actions and arrestinjunctionspartiespleadingsservicestays of proceedingsother practice topicscarriage of goods by seacarriage of goods by road/railcarriage of goods by aircarriage of passengers by seacharters of shipscollisions and shipsconstitutional issues in maritime lawdocks wharves and marinasfisheries lawimmigration and shippingmaritime liens, mortgages & prioritieslimitation periods in maritime lawlimitation of liability in maritime lawmarine insurancemiscellaneous maritime law topicsoffences in a marine contextpersonal injury and maritime lawpollution (ship source)salvage and wrecksship building and repairjudicial salesship supplierstug and towhome / recent casescommentaries by topicstatutes and regsselect paperssearchfisheries lawrecent fisheries casesfisheries papers & articlesfisheries topicsaboriginal rights/defencesconstitutional casescontractsdue diligenceemployment lawfisheries practicejudicial review/crown liabilitymiscellaneousoffencesby licence holders and employersdue diligencefishing prohibitionsforfeituremiscellaneousofficially induced errorsanctionssearch and seizurevariation ordersriparian rightstaxationtortsterms of uselinks
 

 
 













