






sussex county association of realtors® – scaor














































skip to content





























menu 






















phone:
(302) 855-2300
fax:
(302) 855-2319









homewho we r® our story our board our staff code of ethics community outreach sussex strong boys and girls club communications contact us advocacy your vote counts call to action rpacmembership join now affiliates list affiliate compendium sentrilock tutorials, videos, & faq reciprocityeducation current class offerings online classes become a sussex county specialist apply: accommodations intermediary license education forms delaware ce requirements requirements checklist beware of listing scams resources nar designations how do i become a real estate agent? pre-licensing and brokers coursesconsumers why use a realtor®? home ownership matters affordable housing resources complaint process ducioa informationevent spacefaqsmember logincontact us








 















experts. neighbors. community leaders.






your ally in opening the right doors for you in sussex county.









contact us


 



















who we r®






about us






as a realtor® in our competitive market across southern delaware, the top value we share is professionalism on all sides of the transaction. from the day you decide to get your license, up until the time you feel like you’re becoming established in your career, scaor will be your place to get the industry knowledge and credentials to stay competitive across sussex county.







learn more





























membership

learn more


 















education

learn more


 















scaor news

learn more


 






















get involved






calendar of events



































 




























get in touch!













302-855-2300 














23407 park avenue georgetown, de 19947 














info@scaor.com 










additional resources






faq
membership
education









about us






scaor is your place to get the industry knowledge and credentials to stay competitive across sussex county.



















© 2025 sussex county association of realtors®. all rights reserved.









designed by  2019-logotechno goober








 










