




physician loans by huntington bank: apply online







































                    you deserve the best. upgrade your browser and get the best out of huntington's site.
                










                        we want you to have a great experience while you're here. please enable javascript.
                    







skip to navigation
skip to main content
skip to login
skip to footer




 
 









security



find a branch







search input




                    popular searches
                


open an account


certificate of deposit (cds)


money market account (mma)


zelle


routing number


order checks


credit card




 





personalprivate bankbusinesscommercial 






        top
    




physicianloans by huntington bank 
physicianloans is powered by huntington. together, we can help prescribe the right loan for you – whether you’re a graduating medical student or a practicing physician.
if you’re in the medical field and ready to buy a home, the doctor loan is for you.†
get started online or call us today at (877) 593-9313.
apply now    connect with us










physicianloans by huntington bank 
                the support you need when buying a home. get started online or call us at (877) 593-9313.
            

apply now






specializing in home loans for physicians, residents, and graduating medical students






graduating students

loan options are available to those planning to buy a home once they’ve graduated from medical school.

learn more






doctor loan†

no matter what stage of your career, the doctor loan is a great mortgage option for doctors ready to buy a home.

learn more






practicing physicians

practicing physicians looking to buy a home have plenty of options, but the doctor loan was developed exclusively for the unique financial needs of doctors.

learn more






residents

residency is a huge step in your profession – and the physician loan program offers flexible options.

learn more

 









physicianloans is proud to be a member benefit of these medical associations








ama member benefits
the ama is the largest association of physicians—including both mds and dos—and medical students in the united states. with over 200,000 members, the ama works hard to advance the interest of physicians and their patients, promotes public health and raises money for medical education.
learn more









student osteopathic medical association (soma)
the student osteopathic medical association is a national, not-for-profit osteopathic medical organization founded to ensure a high quality of education for d.o. medical students and to improve the delivery of healthcare by doctors of osteopathic medicine.
learn more









aoa
the aoa is the member organization for over 135,000 osteopathic medical students and doctors (d.o.s) in the united states. physicianloans is proud to have been selected as a preferred service providing mortgages.
learn more


 









our easy steps to success            the support you need when buying a home, in just a few easy steps.
        






get matched with a mortgage loan officer 
            work with an experienced mortgage loan officer who can help you get the financing you need.

apply now    connect with us
get started online or call us today at (877) 593-9313.








pre-qualify for a loan 
            your loan officer will provide a free pre-qualification so that you can begin your search for a place to call home.
        







start the home buying process 
            with your mortgage loan officer by your side, you’ll have someone with you to help simplify the process and answer any questions.
        

 










meet the team





 


tal frank
physicians partnership business development manager
after graduating from the ohio state university in 1995 as a joyce scholar, tal spent two years in commercial lending before joining physicianloans in 1997. tal was instrumental in transforming the mortgage company his parents founded, then under the name tower mortgage corp., into a niche company serving physicians. 







 


daniel frank
physicians partnership business development manager
danny graduated summa cum laude from the ohio state university honors accounting program in 1997. he went straight to work with ernst and young in atlanta where he earned his cpa and gained valuable accounting and auditing experience. after additional experience in both the technology and finance industries, danny joined physicianloans in 2006.









† program only available to medical doctors who have a minimum degree of md, do, dmd, dvm, or dds and proof of sufficient income or active employment contract with proof of sufficient income and reserves. minimum reserves required vary depending on amount of the loan. maximum loan amount at 100% financing is $1,000,000, at 95% financing is $1,750,000 and 89.99% financing is $2,500,000. loan-to-value (ltv) financing options vary based on customer fico score. maximum overall loan amount is $2,500,000 with a maximum overall cash out option of $250,000 for refinances. program is limited to the purchase or refinance of a primary residence. all loans are subject to application and credit approval, satisfactory appraisal and title insurance.







about us 

investor relations 

careers 

site map 

privacy policies 

privacy & security 

terms of use 

email updates 

all branches & atms 

accessibility 

routing numbers 



 visit huntington's facebook page  

 visit huntington's x page

  

 visit huntington's instagram page
 

 visit huntington's youtube page
 

 visit huntington's linkedin page  



lending products are subject to credit application and approval.

investment, insurance and non-deposit trust products are: not a deposit • not fdic insured • not guaranteed by the bank • not insured by any federal government agency • may lose value






the huntington national bank is an equal housing lender and member fdic. ®, huntington®,huntington.welcome.® and huntington heads up® are federally registered service marks of huntington bancshares incorporated. © 2025 huntington bancshares incorporated.













                you're about to leave our site
            




            you're about to leave huntington.com and go to a site huntington doesn't control. different privacy and security practices may apply. see you back here soon!
        

cancel
continue












                you're about to leave our site
            




            you're about to leave huntington.com and go to a site huntington doesn't control. different privacy and security practices may apply. see you back here soon!
        

cancel
continue












                you're about to leave our site
            




            you're about to leave huntington.com and go to a site huntington doesn't control. different privacy and security practices may apply. see you back here soon!
        

cancel
continue








