     kia dealership in naples fl | serving naples and fort myers, fl | airport kia of naples                                             



      today: 8:30am - 7:30pm               airport kia of naples        sales 239-686-2003    service 239-842-1015          3325 westview drive, naples, fl 34104  today: 8:30am - 7:30pm                                         airport kia of naples             call 239-686-2003   directions                      new   new vehicles   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   model research   2025 kia k4     pre-owned   pre-owned   schedule test drive   vehicles under 15k   under 25k   kia certified program   certified pre-owned vehicles   carfax 1 owner   trade appraisal   used sedans      ev/hybrid   ev/hybrid   ev/hybrid inventory   2024 kia ev9     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   kia military rebate program   manufacturer incentives   dealer specials     service & parts   service department   schedule service   tire center   order parts   kia warranty   service & parts financing   oil changes   kia accessories   ac service   brake repairs     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   payment calculator   credit application     about us   about us   our dealership   meet our staff   careers   hours & directions   contact us     our blog                   home   new   new vehicles   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   model research   2025 kia k4     pre-owned   pre-owned   schedule test drive   vehicles under 15k   under 25k   kia certified program   certified pre-owned vehicles   carfax 1 owner   trade appraisal   used sedans      ev/hybrid   ev/hybrid   ev/hybrid inventory   2024 kia ev9     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   kia military rebate program   manufacturer incentives   dealer specials     service & parts   service department   schedule service   tire center   order parts   kia warranty   service & parts financing   oil changes   kia accessories   ac service   brake repairs     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   payment calculator   credit application     about us   about us   our dealership   meet our staff   careers   hours & directions   contact us     our blog           









inventory search
     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new pre-owned certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search        buy   finance   lease             minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         












schedule service
schedule now











new inventory
shop now











pre-owned inventory
shop now





     search new inventory     search used inventory            explore kia lineup  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.       soul      seltos      sportage      sportage hybrid      sportage plug-in hybrid      niro      niro ev      niro plug-in hybrid      sorento      sorento hybrid      carnival mpv      carnival mpv hybrid      telluride      ev6      ev9       k4      k5     explore all new inventory             


2024 kia seltos
made to do more
step into a confidence-inspiring vehicle that packs big design, technology and versatility in a small suv. whether you’re a winter weather warrior or simply expect the unexpected, seltos was built to keep you confident and comfortable.
view inventory







      




quality, affordability, peace of mind
when shopping for a used car, choosing kia certified pre-owned provides you with an impressive and reliable vehicle that enhances your lifestyle and fits your budget.




shop certified


       

airport kia of naples
in naples, fl
our kia dealership, located in naples, fl, takes pride in serving the local community and is dedicated to providing our customers with the best service possible. as soon as you enter our doors, our friendly and knowledgeable staff will welcome you warmly and make you feel at home. our customers are our top priority, and we aim to make the car-buying experience stress-free and enjoyable. our dealership is conveniently located near the naples airport and the foxfire country club, just a few minutes away. we serve not only the naples area but others like cape coral, fort myers, bonita springs, goodland, labelle, lely, estero, lehigh acres, and more.
learn more

     


    sales hours         monday 8:30am - 7:30pm     tuesday 8:30am - 7:30pm    wednesday 8:30am - 7:30pm    thursday 8:30am - 7:30pm    friday 8:30am - 7:30pm    saturday 9:00am - 6:00pm    sunday 12:00pm - 5:00pm         service hours         monday 8:00am - 6:00pm     tuesday 8:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 6:00pm    friday 8:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 3:00pm    sunday closed         parts hours         monday 8:00am - 6:00pm     tuesday 8:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 6:00pm    friday 8:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 3:00pm    sunday closed        
     

new kias and used cars for sale
looking for a new kia or a reliable used car for sale? look no further! our car dealership offers an expansive selection of both new kia models and quality pre-owned vehicles that are sure to fit your needs and budget. take advantage of our kia lease deals and drive home in a brand new kia at an affordable price. whether you're looking for a sleek sedan like the kia optima, a versatile suv like the kia sorento, or even an eco-friendly option like the kia niro, we have all kia models available for you to choose from.
rest assured, all of our used cars for sale have been thoroughly inspected to ensure their quality and reliability. you can shop online or in person with confidence, knowing that every vehicle on our lot undergoes a rigorous vetting process for your peace of mind. with our wide selection of new kia vehicles and inspected used cars, trucks trucks and suvs, you're sure to find the perfect vehicle that meets all your needs. visit our dealership today and let us help you find the car of your dreams at a price you'll love.



highly competitive kia financing
are you worried about financing your next vehicle new or used purchase with less than perfect credit? look no further than our finance department! we understand that everyone's credit situation is unique, which is why we work with all kinds of credit scores to help you secure the financing you need. our team collaborates with lenders all over the area to provide you with the most suitable possible options for your budget and financial goals. simply fill out our finance application online to get started on the path to owning your dream kia or used car. trust our knowledgeable finance experts to assist you every step of the way and get you behind the wheel of your new kia sooner than you think.



most trusted kia and used car service in the naples area
does your kia or used car need service in the naples, fl area? look no further than our service department, where we offer a wide range of service work to keep your car running smoothly. from easy routine maintenance like oil changes and tire rotations to more complex repairs, our experienced technicians can handle it all. our state-of-the-art facility is equipped with the tools to ensure the job is done right. be sure to take advantage of our service and parts specials to save more money on your next oil change or repair. we only use kia parts to guarantee the quality and longevity of your vehicle. don't wait any longer, schedule a service appointment online today and let us take care of all your automotive needs.


     



follow us on social media


                  


    warranties include 10-year/100,000-mile powertrain and 5-year/60,000-mile basic. all warranties and roadside assistance are limited. see retailer for warranty details.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | airport kia of naples | 3325 westview drive, naples, fl 34104 | sales: 239-686-2003 | www.kia.com            






















          