








award-winning playwright and teaching artist - playwright dw gregory

































































menu
the work
the writer
workshops & events
in the news
blog
contact
 















 
radium girls “radium girls may speak to our collective capacity for denial. but it also celebrates our individual courage.”
 - the daily record, morristown, n.j.
memoirs of a forgotten man “memory is a treacherous force in “memoirs of a forgotten man,” d.w. gregory’s suspenseful and carefully wrought what-if.”
 - the washington post
salvation road"the overall effect of salvation road is not unlike that of a cultish devotion: simultaneously satisfying and terrifying."
 - washington city paper
photo courtesy: ryan maxwell photography
radium girls 2“the best new play in new jersey professional theatre.”
 - the newark star ledger
 






favorites


a thing of beauty“every work of art is a political statement”
read morememoirs of a forgotten manlong before fake news was a trending topic, it was called propaganda. and in the soviet union, circa 1938, it was the grease that kept stalin’s machinery of terror in motion.
read moreradium girlsthe original award-winning drama based on the true story. in 1926, radium was a miracle cure, madame curie an international celebrity, and luminous watches the latest rage—until the girls who painted them began to fall ill with a mysterious disease.
read moresalvation roadtwo guys. one rusted out honda. twenty-four hours to separate a girl from her guru. the road to hell was never more fun.
read morethe other americana chance encounter in a paris cafe catapults an american art student into one of the darkest chapters of the cold war.
read morethe yellow stocking playd.w. gregory, author of radium girls and salvation road. the music and lyrics are by writing team steven m. alper & sarah knapp, whose musical version of mark harelik’s the immigrant received two drama desk award nominations when it was produced off-broadway.
read more

see all works“a playwright with a talent to enlighten and provoke”— the new york timeswhat i do





as a dramatisti write plays that examine american culture—our obsessions with image and privilege, our fundamental sexism, implicit racism, and propensity to violence, and ultimately, our collective optimism. in my work, tragedy and comedy exist side by side because they exist that way in life. the play is funny until it isn’t—and at that point, the larger questions are revealed.





as a teaching artistas the author of more than a dozen plays for young actors, i’ve been privileged to work as an artist in residence at a series of theatre programs and private and public schools around the country. i am available for short-term residencies, as well as one-day workshops and longer-term residencies.learn more about meevents


there are no upcoming events.


in the news


june 11, 2024southern theatre magazine features d.w. gregoryread more
april 30, 2024d.w. gregory reflects on wtcm newstalk 580’s intermission arts podcastread more
march 30, 2024d.w. gregory featured at mile square theatre’s 24-hour-playsread more









 












about d.w. gregory
d.w. gregory is a playwright and educator residing in shepherdstown, w.va. her work frequently examines american culture through a political lens and with a comedic twist. she has won and been nominated for numerous awards. as a teaching artist and artist in residence, she’s had the wonderful opportunity of writing for youth theatre. she is also a member of the dramatists’ guild, an affiliated writer with the playwrights’ center in minneapolis, and an affiliated artist with the national new play network. her plays are available from dramatic publishing, youthplays.com, playscripts.com, and nnpn’s new play exchange.


















privacy


site map


contact




                © 2018 - 2025 d.w. gregory. all rights reserved.
            
































