







the brandywine valley. southern chester county pa, travel information







 no. 1 online guideto the historicbrandywine valleysince 1999. 
world class attractions, american castles, art, history, antiques, museums, events & more less than two hours from nyc & washington d. c.home to longwood gardens, winterthur, brandywine river museum, hagley museum, nemours mansion & more
 
 restaurants events calendar  attractions shopping getting here hotels b&bs
 about the valley sightseeing golf arts  photo gallery recreation advertising


 


welcome to thebrandywine.com, the no. 1 online guide to the historic brandywine valley.
discover our natural beauty, our history, our art, antiques, mansions and 
gardens and our unique brand of country casual  hospitality. the brandywine 
is nestled amidst the rolling hills of southern chester county, pa, where the 
battle of brandywine was fought, and northern new castle county, de where 
the paper was milled for the declaration of independence and america's first 
currency. here is where the duponts made their fortunes, built their mansions, 
and where three generations of wyeths have lived and painted the landscapes 
and people of chadds ford. we invite you to explore and be charmed.







brandywine valley events



annual events calendar

special events

events @ attractionsbrandywine valley guides
weekend getaways from nyc, dc & baltimore
the brandywine valley is a garden lovers paradise
brandywine valley traditional drinks
antique shopping & antique shows in the brandywine valley
enjoy the brandywine valley on a budget
brandywine valley wines
antique shops in the valley
art galleries in the valley
farmers' markets in the valley


lodging & reservations
hotels & country inns
bed & breakfasts
hotel location map

getaway packages

brandywine getaways

restaurants
on the restaurant scene
listing by cuisine/location
sunday brunch
gourmet to go & catering

taverns & brew pubs
chesapeake bay blue crabs
coffee shops

scenic drives
from wilmington to... 

online resources
homeschooling online at northgate academy
how to write a history essay






brandywine attractions
brandywine river museum
brandywine battlefield park
delaware art museum
hagley museum
longwood gardens
natural history museum
nemours mansion & gardens
old new castle
qvc studios
rockwood museum
winterthur
sites of historic interest
barns brinton house

brinton 1704 house
chadds ford historical society
christian sanderson museum

john chads housenewlin grist mill

brandywine wineries

area wineries

brandywine quick links
tubing/canoeing the brandywine
antique shops
art galleries
farmers' markets
gardens in the area
orchards
houses of worship
historic kennett square, pa
centreville, de
of local interest
top local news stories
homeowners services
the village in chadds ford























translate this site
 find it fast!












thebrandywine.com is a knownworld travel site published by  unica online   |  610.836.1070  ©2021 all rights reserved. 
 a proud member of the philadelphia tourism network, supporting tourism in the greater philadelphia region.privacy statement
 about us advertising rates sponsors contact us 


 






