

welcome to beercook - because beer is food!


























 














 


menu:    profiles of                   professional beerchefs  beercooks at home  cooking with beer  grilling with beer  articles and reviews  beer and cheese  about the beercook and legal stuff  link                   to beercook!                   contact:                  lucy saunders                  beercook.com                  4230 n. oakland #178                  shorewood wi                  53211 usa                  lucy at site name  search                   for recipes:                     alphabetically                     by                   ingredient                     by                   menu type                     by                   cooking time  advanced search  









specials





craft brewers in frederick, md at the front of the sesquicentennial of the civil war 

malts on the menu ....with recipe for chocolate malt ganache 

up on the hilltop, new glarus brewing co. draws tourism, craft brew fans 

beer hunter, whisky chaser - all about a book in honor of michael jackson, now available online

a recipe for oh-so-sweet barley wine marshmallows as part of a press release for the best of american beer & food - featured on milwaukee's wuwm public radio station - plus listen to other recent  radio interviews 


a great gift idea for fans of beer and barbecue - with more than 100 recipes, grilling with beer: bastes, bbq sauces, mops, marinades & more, made with craft beer - with savory reviews  - and books available by mail order with a check for signed copies here or online at beertown.org. 


best holiday gift ideas  - check out our selection of fun presents for the beer lover in your life, including gifts from pike pub & brewery shop owned by charlie and rose ann finkel 


get your grills going with spicy brown ale brined chicken wings - featured by kink fm during the portland spring beer & wine fest 

 fry me a river of beer-battered apple fritters 

brooklyn has beer mecca bierkraft 
            for holiday shopping and tasting speclalty cheeses with craft brews


tempting 
              dinners with verboten vrucht at toronto's bier 
              markt 


beer 
                    and artisanal cheeses paired at le fourquet 
                    fourchette, with chef francois pellerin


a 
              new cookbook, full of recipes ready for stadium grilling and tailgating, 
              from beer-ometer chef ted reader



serving 
                 smoked duck salad and tips 
              about cooking with beer at sweet homebrew chicago, the 2003 
              american homebrewers association conference


how 
              to put the "ale" back in matrimonial...all about weiss 
              weddings 


marc 
              kadish, beer bastion of allston, and the sunset grill's shark 
              stix


beer 
              bean burgers, made with instant beans 


 dishing 
              up tuna tartare with san francisco-based beercook chef 
              bruce paton

a 
              really, really cold one - beer 
              ice cream is the best dessert


articles 
              about beer and drink places, such as the kingsmill resort in williamsburg, 
              va, where culinarian joe durante serves up signature 
              smoked foods from budweiser beer-bathed beechwood



tips & specialty ingredients for better cooking with beer


there's 
            always beer on the table here at beercook.com, a bimonthly ezine for 
            people who enjoy beer with food. 
besides 
            recipes for cooking with beer, you'll find articles and profiles of 
            chefs, brewers, and home cooks who love pairing beer and beer -- but 
            no brand ratings. you can also check out grillingwithbeer.com.
if 
            you want reviews of breweries, taverns and specific brands, check 
            out one of the following sites: www.beeradvocate.com, 
            www.beerme.com, www.beertown.org, 
            www.beerinfo.com, www.brewingnews.com, 
            www.worldofbeer.com, and 
            its host www.realbeer.com.

do 
            you enjoy cooking with beer? become a beercook recipe tester! email lucy at site name 





 









 
search 
                      by ingredient:

--
apple
beans and legumes
beef
 cabbage (green, napa, ...
carrot
cheese
cherry
chicken
 chiles - jalapenos, ...
chocolate
 citrus: lemon, lime, ...
corn
 dairy - butter, milk, ...
dates and figs
eggs
fish
 game birds, cornish ...
garlic
ginger
grains
lamb
mushrooms
nuts and seeds
onion
 onions, scallions or ...
peach
pork
potato
raspberry
rice 
shellfish
 squash, acorn, ...
 sugar - cane, brown ...
tomatoes
zucchini

search 
                      by recipe type:

--
appetizers - plated
bbq, mops and marinades
 bread, biscuits and ...
dessert and sweets
entrees
salads
sauces and gravies
side dishes and grains
snacks and dips
soups, chili and stews

search 
                      by cooking time:

--
less than 30 minutes
30 minutes to one hour
one to two hours
advance prep required

search 
                      by keyword:

                             
                      
match all words or categories
match any words or categories
                        advanced 
                        search...
                          








new 
          recipes in the beercook database:


piece pasta

gruyere-stuffed grilled shrimp with saison dipping sauce

slow cooker pork with cherry q sauce

sweet and sour ipa slaw  
harpoon raspberry ufo beer pancakes
poor richard molasses marinade
kolsch shrimp
butternut squash in brown ale maple glaze
honey ale creme bars
bock and bourbon bbq sauce

                    
                        more...




 

www.beercook.com, 
          copyright © 2012-2002, lucy saunders. all rights reserved. note 
          copyright of authors and recipe contributors in bylines and prefaces. 
          fee required for reprints in any commercial media. 
reviewers 
            may quote brief excerpts with attribution and links to page url. visitor 
            privacy protected. yes, i reply to email about beer and food (send 
            text messages without attachments, please!). 







