

















gearheart communications - your source for all communication needs.







































































skip to content











home
g mobile
companies
about
employment
contact
live chat support
 







 








 
 


employment opportunities!



			
			apply		




 

 



get connected today!



			
			order service		




 

 



get more info!



			
			find out more		




 

 



get in touch!



			
			contact us		




 

 
 

















nice to meet you...
gearheart communications is your source for "all" of your communication needs. we strive to keep our network top notch with the latest equipment that provides our customers with the be best telecommunications service experience available. our future depends on keeping our customers happy and that's what we intend to do! we would love the opportunity to earn your business. we appreciate your consideration.
gearheart communications offers several companies that offers services such as high speed fiber internet with speeds up to 1 gig, home automation security services, elevate hdtv and so much more. we cover floyd county, pike county, letcher county (jenkins and fleming-neon), hurley, pound and wise county. we are very excited to a part of this wonderful communities.
to all of our valued customers; we appreciate the opportunity to serve you, now, and into the future. owned and operated by local people you know and trust. our pride runs deep in these beautiful mountains we call home. we will continue to work to make sure we maintain the best services available!





			meet our companies		






			job opportunities		






			gearheart security		






			phone directory		






			24/7 chat support		




 
bundle now & save

gearheart communications offers bundling solutions, either with inter mountain cable or coalfields telephone service to help save you money. bundle you telephone, broadband and digital tv with geartheart today. to learn more, just follow the link.





			order now & save!		




 
expand your business

gearheart communications offers everything you need to help your business grow. we offer solutions such as home and business security, digital phone, broadband & data/hosting services. gearheart communications….one source, many resources.





			find out more		




 
advertise with us

gearheart communications has many solutions that will help you market your services. we have telecommunication services [wprg tv-5] and three radio stations [wxlr 104.9 fm, wifx 94.3 fm & wxkz 105.3 fm] let us help you reach your audience!





			what we can do 4 u		






 



 



 



 


 












			24/7 live chat support		


 





			legal 		


 





			online bill pay link		


 





			more about gearheart		


 





							© gearheart communications 2025					




































