









northern neck chesapeake bay fishing at its best aboard kit ii!





































experience counts ...count on
      crabbe's charter fishing
for great virginia sport
      fishing & chesapeake bay cruises





whether you're an avid angler, novice or someone who
      just enjoys being on the water, crabbe's charter
      fishing means plenty of action and fun for your friends,
      family, business associates or social gatherings.  charter the 43
      foot "kit ii", uscg licensed for 28 passengers, with captain danny crabbe
      for a memorable fishing trip from april through
      march.  you'll
      arrive back at the dock with a great catch and tales to tell your
      friends.







chesapeake bay, potomac river & atlantic ocean fishing at its best
departing from his homeport on the little wicomico
      river in virginia's northern neck, captain crabbe has easy access  at
      smith point to prime fishing in virginia and maryland waters of the
      chesapeake bay and lower potomac river.  from there, capt. crabbe is
      able to fish both maryland and virginia rockfish (striper) seasons.  in
      winter, captain crabbe
      fishes the atlantic ocean off virginia beach for trophy rockfish.  
crabbe's charter fishing is proud to have
      a regional  client base including  anglers from virginia, west
      virginia, maryland and north carolina.



capt. crabbe uses his 30 years of expertise as a
      full-time resident virginia fishing guide to bring you and your party the
      best possible charter fishing experience.  the captain supplies
      top-quality fishing gear, bait, licenses and even ice for your trip home
      with your catch cleaned and filleted by his mate.




charter the "kit ii" for a memorable day or evening
      virginia charter fishing excursion or pleasure cruise!  captain danny looks forward to sharing his knowledge and love of fishing with you!






      fish w/ capt. danny    
      
directions    
      
      links    
      
contact us 



copyrightï¿½2006,
		crabbe's charter fishing.  all rights reserved.



-


