




minterrornews.com - bringing the latest mint error news to the collector. - error coin news, features, discoveries & price guide













minterror news.comtm
bringing the latest mint error news to the collector. also featuring die trials, patterns, test pieces, numismatic rarities, currency errors and discoveries from the u.s. mint.

news  •  features  •  discoveries


glossary • museum • price guide

about • contact • resources • home

















here is a complete list of over 1,400 articles from mint error news


world's greatest mint errors published

an enjoyable resource packed full of some of the most dramatic, rare and extraordinary mint errors...
foreigners in the mint

the united states mint struck coins for foreign countries starting in 1833...
exotic and intentional u.s. error coins in the marketplace

one of the most controversial categories of u.s. coins are mint errors...
stolen coins - be on the lookout!

an express mail package was sent from the las vegas, nv post office to torrance, ca on saturday jan 18th, 2025. it arrived tampered and without the coins...
unique australia florin struck on a u.s. silver wartime nickel planchet

one of only two known foreign coins struck on a u.s. wartime nickel planchet...
unique 1898 barber dime uncentered/off-center obverse die cap

this barber dime obverse die cap is unique because the obverse is uncentered and the reverse is slightly off-center...
prices realized for mint errors featured in january 2025 fun heritage auction

the following mint errors sold in the january 2025 fun us coins signature® auction...
prices realized for world mint errors featured in january 2025 nyinc heritage auction

the following mint errors sold in the january 2025 nyinc platinum session world & ancient coins signature® auction...
an exciting lincoln cent foldover edge strike

it is an exciting 1969-d lincoln cent with a very rare combination of mint errors...
1964 half dollars on clad quarter planchets - a rare transitional mint error

here is a complete record of all known 1964 half dollars that were struck on clad quarter planchets...
spotlight on eye appeal

fresh to market dramatic mint error inspires immediate reaction...
multiple struck off-center error coins

dramatic multiple struck error coins are even more dramatic when all the strikes are off-center...
amazing major proof ike dollar error revealed at fun 2025

for anyone who doesn't think that there are error coins still out in the wild to be found...
mint error coin chronicles: foldover strikes

when a coin's planchet stands vertically as the dies strike, the result can be quite bizarre - and desirable to collectors...
an incredible collection of seated liberty dime die caps from the carson city mint

this is an amazing mint error discovery from the carson city mint...
major errors struck by private u.s. mints - part four

private u.s. mints and in house metal refineries have numbered in the dozens over the years...
extremely rare transitional mint errors featured in fun heritage auction

these transitional mint errors are featured in the upcoming january 2025 fun us coins signature® auction...
1932 washington quarter plaster models by laura gardin fraser reunited

after nearly 100 years, the obverse plaster model for the 1932 washington quarter designed and sculpted by laura gardin fraser has surfaced and has been reunited with the matching reverse plaster model...
the only known struck thru mint error on a $10 liberty proof-like gold coin

out of the 17 certified proof-like 1882 $10 liberty gold coins, this is the only known struck thru...
1936 long island half dollar galvanos & plaster featured in upcoming fun 2025 heritage auction

a front-page article in the july 8, 2024 issue of coin world announced an important numismatic discovery...
1974-s lincoln cent mated error pair struck from two obverse dies featured in upcoming fun 2025 heritage auction

the u.s. mint struck coins for panama during 1973, including tenth balboas struck on clad roosevelt dime planchets...
1973-s proof eisenhower dollar clover leaf struck on three clad dime planchets featured in upcoming fun 2025 heritage auction

a spectacular mint error certain to command attention in any display...
spotlight on eye appeal

dramatic eye appeal seen on a bonded pair of 2001 cents...
scrap and fragment mint error coins

error coin collectors tend to like the unusual. odd shaped scrap and fragmented error coins really stand out...
major errors struck by private u.s. mints - part three

private u.s. mints and in house metal refineries have numbered in the dozens over the years...
unique numismatic discovery: uncancelled proof die from the philadelphia mint

this uncancelled proof obverse die was made at the u.s mint in philadelphia and struck proof gold costa rica 1897 2 colones...
incredibly rare uncancelled costa rica dies from the philadelphia mint

these uncancelled obverse and reverse dies was made at the u.s mint in philadelphia and struck costa rica 1897 10 colones and 20 colones gold coins...
mint errors featured in the upcoming december 2024 error coinage us coins showcase heritage auction

the following mint errors are featured in the upcoming december 2024 error coinage us coins showcase auction...
mint error coin chronicles: split planchet

normally, a coin is struck from an intact planchet and leaves the mint as a single coin. when that doesn't happen, you have a whole different story...
major errors struck by private u.s. mints - part two

major minting errors from silver rounds to gambling tokens are very popular and eagerly sought by collectors...
one of only two known foreign coins struck on a u.s. wartime nickel planchet

this is a discovery coin and is unique. it is a bolivia 1942 50 centavos struck at the u.s. mint in philadelphia on a u.s. wartime nickel planchet...
unique s-mint mercury dime double struck with the second strike 80% off-center

there are a few known double struck mercury dimes that were struck at the philadelphia mint...
double dated error coins

double dated error coins have long been a favorite of error coin collectors...
double denomination montana quarter struck on a nickel

it is one of the only three known statehood quarters struck on a struck nickel...
extremely rare lincoln cent with edge strike and foldover strike

this extremely rare mint error combination has an edge strike at 4 o'clock and also an off-center foldover strike...
extremely rare indian head cent with counterbrockage & clashed cap brockage

this is a counterbrockage and clashed cap brockage on an indian head cent which is an extremely rare multiple mint error...
extremely rare german pattern taler proof silver obverse die trial

this silver obverse die trial of maximilian ii of bavaria (1848-1864) is a rare pattern proof taler and only one of three certified...
1991 $50 gold american eagle 75% reverse filled dies

this 1991 $50 gold american eagle is the most dramatic struck thru that i have ever seen on a modern gold coin...
unique great britain shilling off-center die cap

this is a unique great britain off-center die cap. this is only the second known victoria-era die cap...
extremely rare s-mint walking liberty half dollar double struck off-center

this is one of three known walking liberty half dollars double struck at the san francisco mint...
my authentic appeal for you to collect some inauthentic errors

other than being informed your rare and valuable coin has damage you didn't see initially...
extremely rare double struck canadian large cent

this canadian large cent was double struck and rotated in the collar between strikes...
two-headed off-metal 5 cent euro specimen pattern

this 5 cent pattern euro was struck with two obverse dies and is an off-metal on a 4.6 gram copper-nickel planchet...
unique triple struck lincoln cent

this is a unique 1960 small date lincoln cent mint error. it was struck three times, all off-center...
an extremely rare german 3 mark mint error pair

major off-center strikes and die caps on german 3 marks are extremely rare...
one of only two known great britain florin mules

there are 2 known 1967 great britain florin mules (struck with 2 reverse dies)...
extremely rare byzantine empire gold solidus struck over brockage

it was double struck and the first strike was a brockage on the reverse...
extremely rare lincoln cent struck on 2.1 gram silver planchet

this 1980-d lincoln cent was struck on an unidentifiable silver planchet with a weight of 2.1 grams...
unique off-metal discovery: great britain 2023 5 pound 2oz .999 silver struck on a 2 pound 1oz planchet

this 5 pound 2oz silver bullion coin, produced at the royal mint in london, was accidentally struck on a 2 pound 1oz planchet...
extremely rare lincoln wheat ear cent with counterbrockage & clashed cap brockage

although the ngc insert describes this mint error as obverse struck thru capped die, that is only part of the description for this rare mint error...
newly-designed jefferson nickel reverse die cap

there are only two known die caps on the newly-designed jefferson nickel (2006-2024)...
rare maryland state quarter struck on 51% clipped fragment

there are many clips, off-center clips and ellipticals, but struck fragments (missing 51% or more by weight) on the state quarter series are rare...
extremely rare broadstruck german weimar republic 3 mark

this weimar republic 3 mark was struck at the berlin mint. it was broadstruck out of the collar and expanded in diameter...
extremely rare broadstruck german commemorative 3 mark

this commemorative 3 mark was struck at the munich mint in bavaria. it was broadstruck out of the collar and expanded in diameter...
great britain 25 pence crown indented by 1 pence planchet

this is one of 2 known great britain crowns (1977 silver jubilee of reign) that was fully indented by a smaller planchet...
extremely rare transitional off-metal 1980-d silver cent

this 1980-d lincoln cent was struck on a u.s. 90% silver dime planchet weighing 2.5 grams...
unique off-center draped bust dollar

although only struck 5% off-center it is missing the denticles on both the obverse and reverse...
unique 1936 long island tercentenary u.s. commemorative half dollar with a minor curved clip

clipped planchets on u.s. commemorative half dollars are very rare...
unique 1901 luxembourg 10 centimes deep obverse die cap

although described by ngc as a reverse die cap, this 1901 luxembourg 10 centimes mint error is actually an obverse die cap...
unique proof ike dollar "clover leaf" on nickel and cent planchets

the first known proof ike dollar "clover leaf" struck on three dime planchets sold in a heritage auction for $105,000...
1998 canada 10c struck on unplated multi-ply planchet for 1999 test coins

in 1999, the royal canadian mint produced a small number of test coins for the vending industry using new multi-ply plated steel planchets...
spotlight on eye appeal

rarity and eye appeal come together on a corner clip quarter...
the only certified 1861-b germany saxony taler mule

this rare germany saxony silver taler is a mule. it was struck with a mismatched obverse and reverse die...
1896-s liberty head $20 75% obverse struck thru

this 1896-s liberty head $20 is in choice mint state condition and was authenticated and certified by ngc as an obverse struck thru mint error...
unique 1968-s kennedy half dollar struck on a magnetic planchet

over my 45 years dealing in major mint errors, i've never encountered another u.s. proof mint error struck on a magnetic planchet...
rare 1964 kennedy half dollar transitional mint error

this 1964 kennedy half dollar was struck on a clad quarter planchet instead of a silver half dollar planchet...
unique 1938 silver cent off-metal mint error

a silver dime planchet intended for striking a mercury dime at the san francisco branch mint was struck by cent dies...
prices realized for mint errors in the heritage september 2024 error coinage us coins showcase auction

the following mint errors sold in the heritage september 2024 error coinage us coins showcase auction...
unique 1782a austria kreuzer multi-struck die cap with multiple brockages

this unique and dramatic obverse die cap was struck in 1782 in austria at the vienna mint...
unique andrew jackson presidential dollar with doubled edge lettering

this is the only known andrew jackson presidential dollar struck for circulation with doubled edge lettering...
unique spanish 1857 gold 100 reales flipover double strike with partial collar

major gold errors are very scarce. this 1857 spanish gold 100 reales of isabel ii is a flipover double struck...
mint error coin chronicles: double struck coins

this error occurs when a coin moves before being struck again, often leaving clear evidence of the mistake...
greatest modern rarity: 1975 no s proof dime to be auctioned by greatcollections

owned by the same family since 1978; one of two known examples...
pcgs certifies 1887 morgan dollar struck 55% off-center with a brockage reverse ms 63

this amazing off-center morgan dollar with a brockage reverse was previously unknown to the numismatic community...
unique lincoln cent dual date overstruck on the same denomination 3 years apart

there are an estimated 10-15 known u.s. coins that were struck on an earlier dated coin of the same denomination...
unique sba dollar struck off-center on a copper cent planchet

this is the only known sba dollar struck on a copper cent planchet that was also struck off-center (60%). additionally, it has a uniface reverse...
unique double denomination 1944 lincoln cent overstruck on a 1944 netherlands 10c

this is the only known 1944 lincoln cent that is a double denomination...
unique 1943 lincoln steel cent uniface split before strike multiple major mint error

this unique 1943 steel cent was struck on a planchet that split prior to striking...
unique hungarian gold double struck mint error

a very rare modern (1969) 1 troy ounce gold medallic issue unpublished by huszar, krause or friedberg...
unique belgium obverse hub trial strike

this is a unique obverse incuse trial strike. it is an impression from the hub, not the die...
unique german mark indented by a 20 pfennig planchet

u.s. and world coins that have been indented by smaller denomination planchets are very scarce...
record prices realized for mint errors in the heritage august 2024 ana us coins signature® auction

the following mint errors were featured in the august 2024 ana us coins signature® auction #1376 and all set record prices for their prospective type...
ngc certifies unique double struck off-center 1855-o type 2 gold dollar

all major mint errors on u.s. gold coins are extremely rare. additionally, gold major mint errors from the new orleans mint are prohibitively rare...
unique canadian olympic commemorative off-metal mint error

this 1974 canada $5 commemorative for the montreal olympics is a unique off-metal mint error...
collection of edward warren sawyer's native american portrait galvanos offered by heritage auctions

in 1931, just a year before his death, the american numismatic society awarded the prestigious j. sanford saltus medal to edward warren sawyer...
patterns

even more than their intended-for-commerce brethren, patterns reflect the events, economics and personalities of their time...
1876 $20 j-1493 pr66 red brown

liberty head design. gem glossy red brown proof surfaces. rarity-7. sole highest graded...
1875 $20 j-1448 pr66 brown

liberty head design with glossy brown gem surfaces. rarity-7. sole highest graded by three full grades...
1863 seated $1 j-346 pr65+ red brown

regular dies. virtually full red gem proof surfaces. rarity-7...
rare 1892-o barber half specimen strike

specimen strike. the finest of 3 known! likely struck as a commemorative beginning of the barber series...
double struck 1798 draped bust dollar

double struck. dramatic reimpressions of virtually every design element are present...
unique branch mint specimen strike

the only year a 3 cent piece was struck in new orleans...
america the beautiful quarter series featuring national park quarter errors

america the beautiful quarter errors are extremely rare and it may be impossible to find a major error on every design...
mint errors featured in the platinum session of the upcoming august 2024 ana heritage auction

the following mint errors are featured in the platinum session of the august 2024 ana us coins signature® auction...
unique canadian silver jubilee $100 off-metal mint error

this unique 1977 $100 canadian silver jubilee coin was struck on a canadian 50c planchet...
unique set of canadian quarters overstruck by 1978 canadian cent dies

this is an amazing and unique set of canadian quarter mint errors...
transitional treasures: a 1983 lincoln cent mistakenly struck on a bronze planchet up for auction

greatcollections to auction finest known 1983 transitional lincoln cent...
unique set of frederick the great plaster model and galvano

this is a unique plaster model and galvano from the estate of heinz rodewald...
coneca's greg bennick interviews mike byers

greg bennick recently interviewed mike byers for coneca's errorscope publication...
incredible 1904 double eagle uncentered broadstrike featured in upcoming ana heritage auction

this incredible broadstruck 1904 $20 liberty is featured in the upcoming august 2024 ana us coins signature® auction...
unique 1936 commemorative half dollar plaster and galvanos surface after 88 years

a collection of a 14-inch reverse plaster, a 10-inch obverse galvano, a 10-inch reverse galvano and a designed by howard weinman for the long island tercentenary u.s. commemorative half dollar surfaced...
unique kennedy half likely struck on experimental cent planchet

this unique off-metal kennedy half was just authenticated and certified by ngc as struck on a copper-zinc planchet, 83% cu, 17% zn (2.4 grams)...
1916 macneil quarter dollar obverse & reverse galvanos

the 1916 macneil quarter dollar obverse and reverse galvanos are featured on the uspatterns website...
1877 half dollar reverse galvano

the reverse galvano for the central portion of the 1877 half dollar j1512-3/p1676-7 is featured on the uspatterns website...
more u.s. feeder fingers surface

recently, two groups of unstruck u.s. feeder fingers for the sacagawea dollar and other denominations surfaced...
sensational 1852 gold ring dollar

in 1852, the united states experienced a series of remarkable events and developments...
spectacular morgan dollar pattern struck in copper

in 1878, a series of significant events unfolded that would influence various aspects of society and technological development...
the 7th peace dollar struck at the san francisco mint

this incredible 1922-s peace dollar was the 7th coin struck at the san francisco mint, as notated on the ngc holder - and we have the original letter...
rare 1902-s u.s. philippines (uspi) peso double struck error fantasy coin

in 2019 and 2020, daniel carr minted fantasy-date 1902-s philippine pesos in brilliant satin and proof-like finishes...
prices realized for mint errors in the may 2024 central states heritage auction

the following mint errors sold in the upcoming may 2024 csns us coins signature® auction...
mint error coin chronicles: off-center strikes

when the dies don't strike a planchet in the right spot, the resulting error is hard to miss...
united states mule mint errors

a mule occurs when a coin is produced with mismatched dies...
presidential dollar off-metals

there are only four known presidential dollars that were struck either on wrong u.s. planchets or struck on other u.s. coins...
buffalo nickel bronze galvano by james fraser sells for record price of $180,000 in auction

stack's bowers sold this bronze galvano of james earle fraser's buffalo nickel reverse on march 26, 2024 for a record price of $180,000...
lincoln cent mint errors featured in the upcoming june 2024 error coinage heritage auction

the following lincoln cent mint errors are featured in the upcoming june 2024 error coinage us coins showcase auction...
dramatic cent error coins

here are some of the rarer and more dramatic cent errors produced at the united states mint...
greatcollections sets a world-record price for a buffalo nickel

this 1918/7-d buffalo nickel was authenticated and certified by pcgs ms 65+ with a cac green sticker...
an incredible and rare lincoln cent wheat reverse mirror brockage on a silver dime planchet

mirror brockages in the lincoln cent wheat reverse series are extremely rare with approximately ten known...
cacg embraces error coins & modern issues

the cac® rare coin market review cover features an extremely rare 1944 lincoln cent with an obverse mirror brockage...
mint errors featured in the upcoming may 2024 central states heritage auction

the following mint errors are featured in the upcoming may 2024 csns us coins signature® auction...
jim halperin's collection of fraser plasters

there are a few fraser plasters that are included in his private collection...
unique charles a. lindbergh 14-inch obverse bronze galvano for the 1928 congressional gold medal by laura gardin fraser

it appears that this is the only laura gardin fraser galvano in private hands...
charles a. lindbergh 14-inch plaster model of the reverse design for the 1928 congressional gold medal by laura gardin fraser

this features laura fraser's dramatic representation of an iconic flying eagle on the reverse of the medal...
unique 15-inch oklahoma run plaster model by laura gardin fraser for the 1957 oklahoma semi-centennial medal

this unique oklahoma run plaster is absolutely amazing...
oregon trail memorial half dollar plaster model by laura gardin fraser

it is one of two known and is in superb original condition...
1932 laura gardin fraser quarter plaster model and original photograph

this 1932 quarter reverse plaster model for laura gardin fraser's winning 1932 washington quarter submission is an amazing and significant discovery...
rare set of official john f. kennedy presidential inaugural medal obverse and reverse plaster models

this amazing set of john f. kennedy inaugural medal plasters combine historical significance, extreme rarity, and an incredible pedigree...
heritage to auction collection of 1994 denver mint cancelled dies certified by ngc

this collection includes official u.s. mint cancelled and defaced cent, dime and quarter dies, all from the denver mint...
mint error coin chronicles: rotated dies error

the orientation of the two sides of a coin in relation to one another should be consistent; when it's not, this error occurs...
mint errors to die for 3rd edition now available

the exciting 3rd edition of joe cronin's book mint errors to die for is now available...
famous sacagawea mule dollar coin error to be auctioned by greatcollections

about two dozen known; tied for finest graded at pcgs...
mint errors featured in the upcoming heritage january 2024 fun us coins signature® auction

the following mint errors are featured in the upcoming january 2024 fun us coins signature® auction...
heritage auctions is offering the 4th known 2001-d lincoln cent muled with a roosevelt dime reverse

the 4th known cent/dime mule is featured in the january 2024 fun us coins signature® auction...
flying with your coins!

air travel is the fastest method across the usa with coins and here are a few suggestions for your journey...
unique branch mint proof 1891-o seated liberty dime

this is the only known 1891-o seated liberty dime struck in proof...
1971-s proof silver eisenhower dollar double struck both strikes off-center

it is hard to imagine a proof off-center and double struck eisenhower dollar that is more dramatic...
unique proof bicentennial ike dollar double struck, 2nd strike off-center

this proof bicentennial dollar major mint error is unique in many ways and has no equals...
pair of judd #2210 martha washington 5¢ test pieces

newly redesigned martha washington dies were used to strike test pieces at the united states mint...
unique liberia gold pattern

this is a unique liberia gold $5 pattern featuring james monroe from their presidential series...
unique proof kennedy half struck on silver dollar planchet

this proof kennedy half major mint error is unique in many ways and has no equals...
the rarest eisenhower dollars known

a small group of eisenhower dollars are in an elite class of their own...
mint errors featured in the upcoming heritage september 2023 error coinage us coins showcase auction

the following mint errors are featured in the upcoming september 2023 error coinage us coins showcase auction...
unique off-center $20 liberty sells for $132,000 in heritage auction

this spectacular $20 liberty gold piece is the only off-center known...
highest prices realized for intentional mint errors sold in heritage auctions

the following intentional mint errors have sold in past heritage auctions...
a collection of flying eagle & indian cent mint errors

charmy harker "the penny lady®" wanted to share her collection of flying eagle and indian cent mint errors...
collecting double struck error coins

a favorite of every error coin collector is to have a double struck error coin in their collection...
major errors struck by private u.s. mints - part one

major mint errors from silver rounds to gambling tokens are very popular and are eagerly sought out by collectors...
prices realized for mint errors sold in the heritage june 2023 error coinage us coins showcase auction

the following mint errors sold in the june 2023 error coinage us coins showcase auction...
unique peace dollar splasher & plaster by anthony de francisci

quite simply there are no other known splashers or plaster models of the de francisci 1921 peace dollar...
more exciting mint errors featured in the heritage june 2023 error coinage us coins showcase auction

the following mint errors are featured in the upcoming june 2023 error coinage us coins showcase auction...
top mint errors for 2022

here are a few of the highest prices realized for major mint errors sold during 2022...
mint errors featured in the upcoming june 2023 error coinage us coins showcase heritage auction

the following mint errors are featured in the upcoming june 2023 error coinage us coins showcase auction...
unique shield nickel multi-denomination mated pair error discovered

long time error specialist greg bennick has discovered a multi-denomination mated pair of uncirculated 1867 shield nickels...
mint errors featured in the upcoming may 2023 central states heritage auction

the following mint errors are featured in the upcoming may 2023 csns us coins signature auction...


here is a complete list of over 1,400 articles from mint error news









welcome to minterrornews.com, bringing the latest mint error news and information to the collector. there are over 1,400 articles, features, discoveries, news stories, and mint error related info from the united states and around the world. the mint error news website has become the most popular and informative online resource for mint errors and is read by thousands of dealers and collectors.

mike byers is the publisher and editor of mint error news, author of the nlg award winning book world's greatest mint errors and can be reached at mikebyers.com.

consultants to mint error news are numismatic experts recognized worldwide including heritage auctions, 	
jim stoutjesdyk, dave camire, ron guth, marc crane, andy lustig, saul teichman, michael faraone, steven contursi, jeff ylitalo, john wang, fred weinberg (retired), christopher talbot frank, greg bennick, silvano digenova, brian hodge, joe cronin, allen rowe, ian russell and jim gately.


mint error news consultants



			mike byers

				jim stoutjesdyk

			dave camire

			ron guth



			mike faraone

			marc crane

			andy lustig

			saul teichman



			steven contursi

			jeff ylitalo

			john wang

			fred weinberg



			chris frank

			greg bennick

			silvano digenova

			brian hodge



			joe cronin

			allen rowe

			ian russell

			jim gately








issue 77



issue 76



issue 75



issue 74



issue 73



issue 72



special edition: canadian mint errors



issue 71



issue 70



2024 special edition



issue 69



issue 68





2023 special editionvolume one

2023 special editionvolume two




issue 67

issue 66



issue 65

issue 64



issue 63

issue 62



issue 61

issue 60



issue 59

2021 special edition



issue 58

issue 57



2020 special edition

issue 56



issue 55

issue 54



issue 53

issue 52



issue 51

issue 50



issue 49

issue 48



issue 47

issue 46



issue 45

issue 44



2003-2018 special edition

issue 43



issue 42

2017 special edition



issue 41

issue 40



issue 39

issue 38



issue 37

issue 36



issue 35

issue 34



issue 33

issue 32



2010 special edition

issue 31



issue 30

issue 29



issue 28

issue 27



gold cent special edition

issue 26



issue 25

issue 24



issue 23

issue 22



issue 21

issue 20



issue 19

2007 special edition



issue 18

issue 17



issue 16

issue 15



issue 14

2006 special edition



issue 13

issue 12



issue 11

issue 10



issue 9

issue 8



issue 7

issue 6



issue 5

issue 4



issue 3

issue 2



issue 1




























































mint error news consultants


mike byers


heritage auctions


jim stoutjesdyk


dave camire


ron guth


mike faraone


marc crane


andy lustig


saul teichman


steven contursi


jeff ylitalo


john wang


fred weinberg


chris frank


greg bennick


silvano digenova


brian hodge


joe cronin


allen rowe


ian russell


jim gately



















































mint error news consultants


mike byers


heritage auctions


jim stoutjesdyk


dave camire


ron guth


mike faraone


marc crane


andy lustig


saul teichman


steven contursi


jeff ylitalo


john wang


fred weinberg


chris frank


greg bennick


silvano digenova


brian hodge


joe cronin


allen rowe


ian russell


jim gately



















































mint error news consultants


mike byers


heritage auctions


jim stoutjesdyk


dave camire


ron guth


mike faraone


marc crane


andy lustig


saul teichman


steven contursi


jeff ylitalo


john wang


fred weinberg


chris frank


greg bennick


silvano digenova


brian hodge


joe cronin


allen rowe


ian russell


jim gately



















































mint error news consultants


mike byers

















copyright ⓒ 2025 minterrornews.com. all rights reserved. legal notice














