




stocksystem.com provides tools and software for investors and traders


























 























trading service


stocksystem.com 
stocksystem.com markets cutting-edge software tools for short-term traders.
resources, tools and software for stock investors and day traders









the power trend system
the power trend system delivers precision trade alerts for es / mes futures through a state-of-the-art desktop software application. pts catches intraday trend reversals and provides exact entry, stops and targets.   just launched!
learn more





power emini momentum system
the power emini momentum system gives actionable futures trading signals based on range-breakouts and momentum. the power emini desktop alert alert software has been on the market over 8-years.
learn more





swing trading service
the investing systems swing trading service provides actionable, high-probability stock trading setups based on technical analysis and a proven strategy. *currently closed to new members
visit site





weekly “live show”
each wednesday morning we broadcast a live “market analysis” show where we analyze the current market conditions and macro environment. we’ve been doing this show for over a decade.
watch show






investing systems, inc.

investing systems specializes in developing trading software and designing mechanical trading strategies. 
we have been in business since 1998 helping traders and investors find the right tools for their trading style and goals.
 we provide a host of educational resources and tools for investors and traders at no charge.
 visit our learning center
coming soon!











the power trend system

the power trend system is a state-of-the-art stand-alone windows desktop software application that delivers actionable high-probability trade alerts for es futures day traders.
the algo provides a statistical edge and is designed to capture big intraday trend moves. it can be traded purely mechanically.
the power trend system will frequently nail the high or low of the day at a major turning point.
the power trend system identifies intraday trend reversals and trend shifts and gives you exact entry, stops, trailing stops and targets.
 see the software in action





trade-ideas stock scanner

trade ideas platform goes beyond traditional market screening and charting limitations, offering a comprehensive toolkit that includes advanced charting, customizable scans, and powerful backtesting capabilities. identify stocks with the most momentum that have potential for large percent gains.
the most powerful technology for active investors. 
providing powerful tools such as real-time market scanning, ai-driven trade signals, customizable alerts, advanced charting capabilities, and time-saving data visualization, trade ideas offers you the confidence to make smarter trading decisions.
 see all the features here…








© copyright – 2024
investing systems, inc. 
po box 15923
amelia island, fl 32035-3116
stocksystem.com
privacy policy

 disclaimer - terms of service 
contact us:
email: info@investingsystems.com



