





royalty free sound effects, production music - soundrangers










































































 











toggle navigation



sound effects downloads
production music downloads
soundpacks
purchase options
licensing plans 

multi-user site license
social media license
educational discounts
music subscriptions
enterprise licensing
licensing info
site license login


support 

login
about
eula
youtube content id
privacy
faq
contact


 











sound effects and production music library
the world's first and finest sound library developed for modern media

get sound effects and music 




 









purchase optionseasy preview and licensing  


 

 


sfx and music downloads

sound effects and music tracks individually.




 


site licenses

plans for single or multiple users.easy full sound library online access.




 


complete libraries

access to everything you'll ever need.


 






a few happy customers 


 


 

netflix
netflix is using the soundrangers sound effects library for their original programing.






 

fmod
a strategic partner delivering soundrangers sounds to video game developers using fmod.																																	






 

google
google turns to soundrangers for ui and ux sounds within their products.



 





soundrangers is the world’s first and finest online sound library designed for and created in the age of the internet. all original royalty free sound effects and production music created for the brave new age of interactivity. sounds edited and optimized for easy deployment into everything from video games and apps to more traditional film and video production! all of our sound effects downloads have been custom crafted by our own team of award winning sound designers and music composers. professionals who’ve been working with major video game developers and producers for years.we own the copyright to all the sounds in our library so everything is completely safe and legal to use. no fine print or third party hassles. [ more ]








recent releases 

audience reactions sound librarysounds cheers and jeers. crowds of all sizes  letting you know how they feelwhoosh sounds and transitionssound effects library ful of moving sixnature ambience sound libraryhigh quality nature recordings, pre-edited for easy use in all mediafoliage sound effects libraryhigh quality, all original sounds of plants, trees, bushes and more 






								listen for yourself.							


sound effects and music 





about
audience reactions sound effects soundpack
contact
educational discounts
enterprise licensing
eula
faq
foley elements sound effects library: complete set
foliage sound effects soundpack
games and toys sound effects soundpack
hydrology sound effects library: complete set
ice and snow sound effects soundpack
industrial ambience sound effects soundpack
licensing info
licensing plans
multi-user site license
music subscriptions
nature ambience sound effects soundpack
prepaid accounts
privacy
production music downloads
purchase options
rocks, dirt, stone sound effects soundpack
royalty free sound effects and production music
sci-fi sound effects soundpack
sitemap
social media license
sound blog
sound effects credits
sound effects downloads
sound effects libraries
thunder sound effects soundpack
ui, gameplay and video game sound effects soundpack
usage faq
water: bubbles and splashes sound effects soundpack
water: streams, rivers and lakes sound effects soundpack
water: underwater sound effects soundpack
whooshes and transitions sound effects soundpack
wind sound effects soundpack
youtube content id


				copyright | soundrangers			
 




















