





safe neighborhood source – living in phoenix

























safe neighborhood source
a guide to phoenix real estategreat neighborhoods in phoenixreal estate in phoenixhave fun in scottsdale 











a guide to phoenix real estate 


are you looking for a new city to move to? if so, you should consider vacation rentals in scottsdale by owner. the region is known for its low crime rate, low real estate prices, and great schools! lots of services in these areas like blow dry bar in scottsdale are numerous in the neighborhood. here’s what you need to know about real estate in the phoenix area:
know the neighborhoods
the most important factor when it comes to picking the right real estate is location. here’s what you need to know about some of the best neighborhoods in the phoenix metro area:
the arcadia neighborhood
this neighborhood is on the border of phoenix and scottsdale, and it is well known for featuring excellent landscaping. in addition, there are hiking destinations located near arcadia. often, this neighborhood is considered to offer the best real estate in the phoenix area.
the central city neighborhood
central city is located right in the heart of phoenix, and it is an urban village with many residential properties. due to its proximity to many of the attractions of phoenix, it is quite a popular place to live, and affordable real estate is available in this region.
the downtown phoenix neighborhood
this is a great part of the city to live in if you want to be in a region where there is an active nightlife. in addition, this part of the city features an active arts scene, and there are many businesses located in the downtown region of the city. furthermore, if you’re looking for commercial real estate, this part of the city could be the best place to set up shop!
the roosevelt row neighborhood
the roosevelt row neighborhood of phoenix is known for offering excellent real estate at a variety of price ranges, and the area features a thriving arts scene. the arts venues in the roosevelt row area feature many unique events.
south mountain, phoenix
south mountain is a popular neighborhood in the city, and it is located near one of the city’s largest parks. in fact, the south mountain park is one of the largest parks run by a municipality in the nation, and the region also offers affordable real estate. if you enjoy hiking and great views, then this neighborhood might be right for you!
desert view, phoenix
desert view is a sizable neighborhood of phoenix, and it has a population of around 66,000. this part of the city is considered to be one of the nicer neighborhoods in the phoenix area, and the region’s schools have gotten a good grade. the neighborhood also offers nightlife, and the housing is considered to be of high quality. real estate prices vary in this region.
camelback east, phoenix
camelback east is located near scottsdale, arizona, and this makes it a great neighborhood for anyone who commutes to scottsdale for work. it also borders paradise valley, and this makes it a great neighborhood to live in if you want to be near shopping, restaurants, and other attractions. real estate prices tend to vary considerably in this region.
encanto, phoenix
encanto has a large number of centers of employment, and this makes it a convenient place to live for many people. in addition, the encanto area features an active nightlife, and real estate prices vary considerably in the area.
new village, phoenix
new village is one of the nicer neighborhoods in the city, and it is also a fairly small neighborhood in terms of population. in fact, this neighborhood of the city is only home to a bit over 5,000 people, and the real estate prices in this region tend to be relatively high.
ahwatukee, phoenix
this urban village is located in the southern part of the city, and it is near south mountain. this region features excellent residential real estate, and many of the homes in the area feature excellent views of south mountain park. homes in this region vary in price, but homes that feature prime views tend to be priced higher.











february 2025


m
t
w
t
f
s
s




 12


3456789


10111213141516


17181920212223


2425262728
 



« sep
 
 


living in arizona


fun things to do in scottsdale


what else is there to know about real estate in phoenix?


tagsarizona real estate
fun in scottsdale
living in arisona
phoenix real estate
scottsdale arizona
scottsdale rentals
scottsdale vacation







proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
					theme: slresponsive by themescraft.co.				









