









salt creek golf retreat - nashville, in | golf course near columbus & bloomington, indiana | wedding & banquet venue | golf resort












































812.988.7888|get directions


reservations book tee time







homecoursecourse detailsratesbook a tee timemembership informationgolf outingscourse tourcourse requirementspro shopphoto galleryweddings weddings & banquetsmeetings & eventsdiningdining informationthe 19th hole sports barlodgingreservationslodging & amenitiesgolf packagescondo salesshopeventscontactcontact usjoin our e-club 


 































 













our course


  view course info  












weddings


    weddings/banquets












lodging


stay & play











19th hole


sports bar


























come out & play salt creek golf retreat
golf, lodging, dining, entertainment & event facility...all in one convenient location.
beautiful brown county in nashville, indiana has so much to offer...brown county state park, art galleries, zip-lining, shopping and so much more!
one place you won't want to miss during your travels to southern indiana is salt creek golf retreat. located right off of state road 46, this convenient location and an easy drive from interstate 65 makes it the perfect spot to stop during your travels.

continue reading





latest news






                        salt creek current news
                        
                    
golf:
the golf course will be open if the temperature is over 50 degrees. it is important that you call prior to coming to ensure we are letting golfers out.  you can also check for tee times on this website...if we are open the tee sheet will be opened up and available.  if you cannot access the tee times via this website, we will most likely be closed,.
stay and play:
now is the time to start calling about your 2025 stay and plays package. call today and talk with tami - she will help you plan the perfect golf getaway!
we have a new deposit/payment policy for all golf packages:  final numbers on groups must be finalized 60 days prior to the arrival date. a full non-refundable payment by every player will be due 60 days prior to the arrival date. in the event a player cannot come, their payment can be transferred to a player taking their place.  if they cannot find a replacement, there will be no refund.  this safeguards the group so that players cannot drop out at the last minute, which would increase the package charge for all players. 
19th hole sports bar:
valentine's day special!  dinner for 2 includes 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 desserts for $40.  offered friday and saturday nights from 4-9pm.  no reservations accepted.
the 19th hole hole is open everyday from 11am-9pm.    
we are open 7 days a week for lunch and dinner and serve a full menu until 9pm everyday.  stop in today for great games, service, food, and drinks!  the 19th hole will be open on new years day from 2-9.
 
 

 
 
 

 
read more











salt creek current news














fun events year roundupcoming events

view full calendar





 




21feb




feb 21


clearwater band
07:00pm - 





22feb




feb 22


the vanguards
07:00pm - 





28feb




feb 28


ruben guthrie
07:00pm - 




 














book a tee time: 812.988.78882359 state road 46 east, nashville, in 47448







© 2023 salt creek golf retreat | contact us | site map | designed and hosted by 121 marketing
 
 




close 







home








tee times








food








shop








contact







homecoursecourse detailsratesbook a tee timemembership informationgolf outingscourse tourcourse requirementspro shopphoto galleryweddings weddings & banquetsmeetings & eventsdiningdining informationthe 19th hole sports barlodgingreservationslodging & amenitiesgolf packagescondo salesshopeventscontactcontact usjoin our e-club


812.988.7888|get directions 

reservations book tee time 





