



ww2010 (the weather world 2010 project):































> 

to navigate this 


site

, click on the menu items above.


the current page is marked with a red arrow.


>   low
graphics version of this server is accessible by clicking the "text"
option in the blue user interface menu (above).







 . 







celebrating 15 years!

editor's note:   we first started work on this web site back in 1995 when the web was still a new thing.  in thinking of all the "futuristic" features of all sorts that we had been tasked to includ in it, we jokingly named it weather world (perhaps after disney world, or maybe wally world in the chevy chase film).  we started to add "2000" to that as was popular at the time for future looking products, but decided that it was too close, and bumped the number up to 2010.   although it was the development code name, we decided to keep it, shortening it to ww2010.

ironically, now in actual 2010, the site seems dated, both stylistically and technologically, though the information herein is still useful.  still, it has served literally billions of web "hits" since we started it, and still gets tens of thousands of visitors daily.  it is still ranked near the top of google search results for certain meteorological terms.  if the site goes down, we get plenty of e-mail from people who still use it.   when fast internet access was still rare for most people, we sold (at cost)  nearly 10,000 copies of a cd-rom containing the same contents that you see here.

although sophisticated web sites are the expected norm, the navigation and cross-referencing system was somewhat revolutionary for it's time. because we didn't have all the web server and programming technologies that are readily available today, we built most of the technology from scratch.  unfortunately, this means that most of the content isn't in a form that is easily ported to modern technology, without alot of work.  the site has been in it's current form since 1999.

this was all a volunteer effort on the part of some passionate young individuals who didn't have much else to do with their evenings at the time (with alot of help from others) and was never a funded project. as all the original developers are off doing things elsewhere (save me, the guy who did the programming), there's just not been time or money to redo it. 





popular features:

hurricanes
clouds and precipitation
el niño


developed by the 


department of atmospheric sciences (das)  at the



university of illinois urbana-champaign (uiuc), ww2010 (the weather
world 2010 project) is a www framework for integrating current and
archived weather data with multimedia instructional resources using
new and innovative technologies.


to ensure the greatest possible accuracy of our instructional
resources, all materials have been reviewed and edited by professors
and scientists from the department of atmospheric sciences (das) at the
university of illinois urbana-champaign (uiuc) and the illinois state
water survey.





ww2010


09/02/99

online guides
collection of multimedia instructional modules in meteorology and remote
sensing, plus curriculum projects and
classroom activities.


archives
data and descriptions for memorable weather events.  



about ww2010
details about the features, philosophies and personnel responsible for
ww2010.



current weather
contains current weather information for the surface, upper air, as well 
as satellite products.





this is a work-in-progress, so we will release sections as they are completed.
to access a low graphics version of this server,
click the "text" option in the blue user interface
menu (left).


this web server 
is a result of cooperation
amongst personnel in the department of atmospheric sciences at the university 
of illinois at urbana-champaign,  
the 

collaborative visualization project (covis), 
 
the 

horizon project, and 

ncsa.  the collaborative visualization project 
was funded by the national science foundation under nsf grant red-9454729, 
while 
the horizon project was funded by nasa can project test applications and 
digital library technologies in support of public access to earth and space 
science data, grant number ncc-5-106.
















terms for using
data resources.

cd-rom available. 

credits and acknowledgments for
ww2010.
department of atmospheric
sciences (das) 



atthe university of illinois at urbana-champaign.









online guides














