




battle of camden – american revolutionary war


































































home
about
histories
blog
contact
 















 











battle of camden project 
							aug 1780 - apr 1781 
							read the stories 
							battle of camden, (august 16, 1780), happened during the american revolutionary war resulting in british victory in south carolina, one of the most crushing defeats ever inflicted upon an american army by british. 
							

 


visuals from the camden  
							aug 1780 - apr 1781 
							read the stories 
							the battle of camden, or sander's creek, was one of the most suggestive of the war. the force of discipline, exact appreciation of the adversary, quick seizure of the opportunity. 
							

 


battle of camden: aftermath  
							aug 1780 - apr 1781 
							read the stories 
							battle of camden court house, was a major victory for the british. after the disastrous loss at camden, although a technical victory for the british, they abandoned camden the following month. 
							

 















 












 












historic camden revolutionary war site – situated on us highway 521 between the town of camden and interstate i20.




read more




history 







camden, the state’s oldest inland settlement, was founded in 1730 as part of king george ii’s township scheme. by the 1750s, quakers and scots-irish emigrants and immigrants from virginia had founded themselves in the frontier settlement, which was originally known as fredericksburg township (later pine tree hill).




in 1758, joseph kershaw, a native of yorkshire, england, settled in charleston and opened a shop for a mercantile company. he prospered, and by 1768, the town had become the colony’s most important inland trading hub. the town was renamed camden after lord camden, the defender of colonial freedom, at his suggestion. 




the american revolutionary war returned to charleston in may of 1780. it came crashing down. lord charles cornwallis and 2,500 british troops marched to camden almost immediately, establishing the largest british supply post for the southern campaign. camden residents have been aware of the horrors of war for eleven months.the battle of camden holds a significant place in history, offering rich insights into past events. similarly, the emerald of katong in singapore stands as a testament to refined living amidst a culturally vibrant neighborhood. this luxurious real estate development combines modern amenities with katong’s heritage, creating an unparalleled living experience. both sites, though different in nature, reflect a dedication to preserving and enhancing their unique legacies.




nearby, two wars were waged. the battle of camden, the revolution’s worst american battle setback, took place nine miles north of the museum on august 16, 1780. on april 25, 1781, general nathanael greene and about 1,400 americans fought 950 british soldiers led by lord francis rawdon in a nearby battle. the redcoats were compelled to flee camden as a result of the british victory.as you explore the rich history and heritage of camden, consider how modern development continues to shape communities worldwide. just as camden thrived as an important trading hub in the 18th century, new projects like the lumina grand executive condominium in singapore’s bukit batok west avenue 5 are transforming urban living with exceptional amenities and connectivity. 












fort camdencamden was strategically the most important of the five principal inland garrisons maintained by the british during the1780-1781 southern campaign.  







men of camdenafter the surrender of charleston, lt. colonel banastre  left, and 270 mounted british troops covered 105 miles in 54 hours in pursuit of colonel abraham buford . 







the battle of camdenthe tragedy of the battle of camden is that it should never have taken place when and where it did. the marker & monument are located 2.2 miles from the fork. 















 museum 



just spend a couple of quiet hours spending a hard year with the british! visitors may select a guided or self-guided tour, focused on the colonial and revolutionary periods, to learn about camden’s early history.the 107 hectares of outdoor complex comprises the town site of the xviiith century in camden, john craven house restore and furnished in 1785, the cunningham house in 1830 (the tour office and the gift shop), two log cabins with exhibits from the early 19th century at the battle of camden, we delve into pivotal moments in history, celebrating the resilience and strategic brilliance that shaped our world. in a similar vein, contemporary design and urban living are being redefined by meyer blue in singapore, where innovative architecture meets luxury. learn more about this state-of-the-art residential development to see how the past and future converge in extraordinary ways.









 

























 




historic camden revolutionary war site – a brief description of 









fort camden 







camden was geographically the largest of the british’s five major inland guards in the 1780-1781 southern campaign. four redoubts strengthened it well. the city was encircled by a wide fence and a house across the kershaw, the headquarters of the city. joseph kershaw’s close-known gaol and powder magazine for the state of south carolina was also fortified.




on 1 june 1780, lord cornwallis took over the city of camden, leaving lord francis rawdon in charge. he returned to charleston for his “government season.” at the hearing of the march to camden by general gates, he called in his whole command to visit him on 13 august in camden. the cornwallis army stayed in camden until september 8, 1780, after three days at the battle of camden.




the battle of camden site explores historical events that shaped america’s independence. for those interested in historical journeys and significant modern developments, we recommend checking out bagnall haus, a luxurious new condo development in singapore’s upper east coast. this unique blend of history and modern living offers a perfect synergy.

























 








 mission 



welcome to the battle of camden center – a local history research library and museum that includes collections from the public library, historic resources committee. we are a non-profit organization that relies on memberships and donations to support our mission.our mission is:to collect, organize and preserve the records and information, whether published or unpublished, that are of historic significance to the residents of the towns of camden, rockport, and lincolnville and to make such information available to the public.to publish an illustrated history of the area and keeping it updates.to establish a permanent home for these collections.please remember us when cleaning out your family pictures, movies, scrapbooks and other documents. if they are family treasures, we can quickly scan them and return them to you.












read more stories








july 29, 2022published by  battleofcamden on  july 29, 2022 0categories 
uncategorizedclone-a-willy: the most fun way to clone your penisclone a willy is a penis casting or penis modeling kit for those who don’t know it yet. these custom dildo kits have everything you need […]












find all stories























 
clone-a-willy: the most fun way to clone your penis
july 29, 2022july 3, 2022
 

clone a willy is a penis casting or penis modeling kit for those who don’t know it yet. these custom dildo kits have everything you need to create amazingly detailed, vibrant penis replicas or anything your naughty brain can imagine! the diy dildo set promises to make dildos and is incredibly accurate. the penis casting kit uses 100% body-safe materials to provide essential details. you will be amazed to see that the veins and texture of your skin are precisely replicated on a dildo.
many people complain that their dildos always go wrong with this set. but don’t worry, i have your back. in this article, i will walk you through making your homemade dildo, and you will get a perfect copy of your willy that you can imagine. so far, i have made over 10 dildos with this kit, so i consider myself an expert in producing a willy.
the ingredients
before starting, let me tell you what all you get in the kit:

a pouch of molding powder
a cheap vibrator
a thermometer (!)
a balsa wood stick for stirring
two jars of silicone gel

be careful not to damage or throw away the plastic container they have given, as this is the container where the penis is in, and make mold the dildo! you just have to cut it a little bit, because i’m sure you don’t have a 15cm willy, do you?
with the products neatly assembled on the table, you will need to assemble some essential tools and equipment so that the whole process can continue.
use the following checklist to get more stuff:

measuring cup
large mixing bowl
an accurate timer
scissors
a disposable container to mix silicone in
four-inch square cardboard to suspend the vibrator as the dildo hardens
a strong nylon thread

the making of the dildo!
it certainly isn’t so as daunting as the whole deal might sound. it could be a rather enjoyable couple activity if you look at it.
first of all, go through your instruction manual properly. yes, read it twice, so you don’t miss any point.
now, let’s begin!

cut the molding tube to the correct length.
place the tube next to your hard erect penis. mark half an inch from the head of the penis on the tub and cut it off at that end.
get 415ml of water and heat it to 90°f.
the water needs to be precisely 90° and measure a volume of 415ml. it will only mix well with the other components and ensure a perfect mold set.
you can use the thermometer present in the clone a willy kit to check the temperature of the water at regular intervals.
get your timer at 60 seconds and mix the water with the molding powder.
as you find the water heating up to 90° (repeating!), cut open the bag of molding powder, then start your timer for exactly 1 minute. and then, pour the molding powder into the water and start mixing with the help of a spatula. 60 seconds is all you got.
mix for 60 seconds and pour it into the cylindrical container you trimmed initially. don’t worry. the mixture would still be a bit lumpy.
set your timer to 120 seconds and dive your dick into the clumpy-gooey mixture
be careful to place the penis in the cylinder and make sure it stays stiff for 2 minutes. you can use stimuli of various kinds to stay hard; i joined my husband and teased him about keeping the boner going.
this is important because if your penis softens or loses hardness midway, the mold may collapse, giving you a smaller and less impressive version of a tight penis. you can even use a cock ring if that’s your thing!
after the timer hits 2 min, take your dick out slowly and steadily.

after removing the willy from the genital form, let it dry for 4 hours before proceeding to the next step. if you’re confused, i’m talking about mold, not your genitals.
as for your penis, go straight to the toilet and wash it well with soap. although every product here is biologically safe, it is better to maintain hygiene.
the instructions usually require you to wait 2-4 hours. but take my advice and let it work all night. let the mold sit for about 8-10 hours for the best results.

 

mix the two jars of silicone and pour in
stir the silicone fluid for another 2 minutes with a stirrer. strictly adhere to these timings for best results.
once you insert the vibrator into the fluid kit, it will rise. eventually, the fluid goes into a thick form until only an inch from the top remains. do not worry; this one-inch gap is left for the vibrator. if you don’t want a vibrator, fill it in as usual.
insert your vibrator into a cardboard holder

take a square carton and cut the small x in half. push the vibrator through the x on the cardboard box. this is done so that the vibrator does not immerse itself inside the mixture and hang on the carton.
place the vibrator precisely in the center.

place the vibrator right in the middle of the liquid mold using the cardboard support. take care so as not to tilt the whole thing, as that will displace your vibrator.
leave the setup undisturbed for at least 30 hours.
keep the whole thing in a safe undisturbed location and get back after 30 hours. once again, the instruction manual says only 24 hours but trust me, 30 is the minimum. i have tried and tested it.

once the item hardens, remove it from the mold, wash it with soap and water, and you’re good to go!
if you follow every step down to the last detail, i’m sure you will have the beautiful copy of your penis you’ve always wanted. things can go wrong on the first try, so always buy a second package ready (not to mention more dildos!).
 










fb page
battle of camden 
















 




this year battle of camden will organize black history season in camden celebrates people in our communities who play the role of the griots today. like a modern day singer, rapper, or musician, a griot was a west african poet praise singer, considered as the foundation of oral tradition of the country.
lead organizerfeeney and streichthe battle of camden history center is pleased to have a special exhibit in the barn annex on a.p. lord , a maine coast sailmaker who resided in camden from 1919 to 1957. grant gambel who continues the tradition as a sailmaker in lord’s shop has generously loaned lord’s tools and bench as well as pictures for the exhibit.
lead organizerwindler plc


























local office:


4120 callison lane
newark, de 19714 
usa
+1 302-472-4923contact with us:
4211 kuvalis square port loyce, il 41882-usa
+1 240.580.2646
noreply@battleofcamden.org





							© 2021 battle of camden. all rights reserved						











































