














home | improving life for people with diabetes | lifescan









      skip to main content
    






 

















 




 home 
 about us

 the lifescan story
 leadership
 responsibility

 lifescan diabetes institute
 press and media resources


 careers 
 news and updates 
 contact us 



  











 











                                    creating a world without limits 

                                    for people with diabetes and related conditions 


 find out how 














                                    we help people take action to support a life of wellness through innovative
                                    solutions 

                                    as a global leader in glucose monitoring and diabetes management, we offer a
                                    comprehensive portfolio of diabetes related products and services and our
                                    onetouch® brand is used by millions of consumers every day across the
                                    globe. we are proud to be the brand providers trust and consumers prefer. our
                                    employees are passionate about improving the quality of life for people living with
                                    diabetes. we pioneer patient-centric digital solutions and technologies and believe
                                    partnerships that foster cooperation and creativity are vital to improving
                                    healthcare. 




 latest news 








lifescan is delighted to join the princess royal training awards class of 2024!read full press release ›






results from new study of real-world evidence showing people with type 2 diabetes achieved clinically significant improved glycemic control with one to two blood glucose checks per day using a smart blood glucose meter and mobile app published in diabetes therapyread full press release ›






study results published in journal of diabetes science and technology show sustained clinically significant improvements in glycemic control in over 144,000 people with diabetes using a smart blood glucose meter and mobile appread full press release ›






new and encouraging global diabetes market research shows people with diabetes are more motivated to manage their condition than healthcare providers may realizeread full press release ›






lifescan names rekha ramesh chief digital and information officerread full press release ›






study results published in diabetes technology and therapeutics show clinically significant improved glycemic control in people with diabetes using a smart blood glucose meter and mobile appread full press release ›






lifescan presents real-world findings showing significantly improved glycemic control in people using onetouch verio flex® blood glucose meter with the onetouch reveal® mobile applicationread full press release ›






lifescan is proud to be a founding supporter of the diabetes way websiteread full press release ›






onetouch verio flex® tops the forbes health best standard glucose meters of 2022 list, just announced, highlighting the meter’s colorsure® technologyread full press release ›






















 


 

                                            leading the revolution in wellness management 





 


  
  








                                        innovation that matters 
used by more than 20 million
                                        people around the globe, the current onetouch® portfolio offers
                                        best-in-class products, technology-driven solutions, and ground-breaking digital
                                        partnerships.


















                                                glucose testing 






 



                                                apps 






 



                                                services 






 












 

 



                                        responsibility 

                                        as active members of our communities, we are committed to improving the lives of
                                        those we serve and support.





 



                                        leadership 

                                        meet the team at the forefront of evolving diabetes management and innovation.
                                    





 



                                        careers 

                                        become part of our shared commitment to helping people live healthier lives.















 at lifescan, our shared values
                                        guide our work as we create solutions to help people live happier and healthier.
                                    
















 


                                                    care 

                                                    improving daily life for our customers and our employees



 


                                                    create 

                                                    products defined by simplicity, accuracy, and trust



 


                                                    connect 

                                                    a global network offering best-in-class digital partnerships



 


                                                    compete 

                                                    unmatched innovation and advancing technologies


















 our policies

 legal notice

 privacy
                                                policy




 transparency

 responsibility
                                                standards for suppliers
 onetouch.com





 


20 valley stream parkway
                                            malvern, pa 19355
                                            usa





 

 

 

 






this site is published by lifescan which is solely responsible for its
                                            content. all trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
                                            ©lifescan ip holdings, llc 2018-2022.




















 







 our policies
 legal notice
 privacy policy




 transparency
 responsibility standards for
                                    suppliers
 onetouch.com




 


20 valley stream parkway
                                malvern, pa 19355
                                usa








 




 






this site is published by lifescan which is solely responsible for its content. all
                                trademarks are the property of their respective owners. ©lifescan ip holdings, llc
                                2018-2022.





















