




  | citypeek food, wine, luxury






















jump to navigation







home
food, wine travel news & events

 food, wine, spirit & travel 
 social media articles
 napa & sonoma events




calendar

 all events
 submit food & wine event





connect 












choose a city
food, wine & travel news
 social media articles
baltimore
washington dc
philadelphia
eastern shore
new york
 




connect: add events food, wine & travel news 
or using twitter, google, linkedin, youtube: 



sign in with citypeek accountusername: *



password *


create new account
request new password



feed me 

spamicide prevention

closeregister free& add your review!register nowrate and review your favorite (or least fav) spotsbookmark lists of favorite places and the ones you want to trystay up to date with our peek of the week newsletterenjoy maps, menus, photos and reviews to help you find the perfect spotor subscribe to citypeek e-news free!you'll get the scoop first for restaurants, events, hotels, attractions.subscribe now   




  



    >instagram @citypeekpatti


tweets by @citypeekpatti








 


					event calendar
				

					tue				

					feb				

 
				18			





wed
19

thu
20

fri
21

sat
22

sun
23

mon
24

tue
25
 



 








search citypeek
events













international food & spirit blogfestival napa valley sophia loren son, grandson, ponti performthere are so very many things to do in napa valley besides drinking wine. and this week, i treated myself and friends to an annual treat of cultural arts at festival napa valley is an organization with a mission to bring the arts to all through world-class performances and...
read moreinternational food & spirit blogyountville homes its first beer tasting room, partners with local  winerya partnership has been sealed between napa valley's the good life wine collective, owners of both handwritten wine and jessup cellars, located in yountville, and mad fritz, a local st. helena artisanal brewer.  the yountville zoning development and review board and...
read moreinternational food & spirit blogcollective napa valley auction weekend online bidding is open bidding has begun on barrel and live lots in the collective napa valley auction weekend. the in-person auction experience is sold out. wine enthusiasts can still take part from anywhere in the world by registering to bid online through sotheby's. bid on napa...
read moreinternational food & spirit blogbanshee ten of cups sparkling wine banshee wines was born in 2009 at a bar in the dogpatch neighborhood of san francisco and a few years later opened a tasting room in sonoma county's healdsburg. with money borrowed from friends and family, the original founders launched banshee wines with eight barrels...
read more 
festival napa valley sophia loren son, grandson,...yountville homes its first beer tasting room,...collective napa valley auction weekend online...banshee ten of cups sparkling



































contact us
|
advertise
|
press


home  |
faq's  |


 		©
        2025        citypeek.com  | terms of use | sitemap

 

 
 


 



