

  



maurice and phyllis paykel trust





























































home
grants

project & equipment
travel
conference support
scholarships & fellowships


log in












delivering funds for research support


fostering health-related research in new zealand


helping train health research workers since 1975


supporting advances in medical and para-medical science








the maurice and phyllis paykel trust encourages the development of health-related research in new zealand by providing funds for research support.
scroll down to read about the four categories in which we provide funds, or click here to learn more about the trust.



news for applicantsread moreoctober/november funding round the third and final funding round for 2024 was completed on the 21st of november at the year-end meeting of the mppt trust board and applicants were advised of outcomes the same day.october/november funding round the third and final funding round for 2024 was completed on the 21st of november at the year-end meeting of the mppt trust board and applicants were advised of outcomes the same day. trustees considered 76 applications and approved 41 grants-in-aid (totalling $275,516). twenty-six of 44 project and equipment (p&e), 14 of 29 travel, and 1 of 3 conference support applications were approved for funding. a total of $1,001,326 was requested this round, substantially higher than previous rounds. the scientific committee strived to fund as many applications as possible, leading to grants-in-aid, or partial funding, for nearly all successful applicants. higher funding amounts were given to higher scoring applications, based on decisions from the trustees, with a goal of encouraging the best of science and fostering optimal research outcomes.
a relatively new addition to the p&e grants is the requirement for two referee reports. applications were marked down, only slightly in this round, if these two referee reports were not received. it is important that all applicants ensure that their chosen referees submit their reports by the due date required – this is the applicants responsibility. this will become a stricter criterion for applicants in future granting rounds. the other change in this round was the use of a standard cv format. nearly all applicants adhered to this; we strongly encourage all applicants to use the standard nz cv formats for all applications.
we are working on creating improved grant guidelines, including details of eligibility, broad assessment criteria, submission dates, and application information. these will be released, after consultation with the scientific committee and trustees, in 2025. the next funding round closes on 1st march 2025, with rounds also on 1st june and 1st october 2025.
as previously advised, please note that if you have a previous grant for which a report is outstanding, you will not be able to access the application templates or submit through the portal until the report is submitted. if a report is outstanding, you will see a notification when you log in to your dashboard. note that submission of a report is sufficient to proceed; approval of the report by your institution is not required for you to continue with your new application.
applicants are reminded that there is a one-year stand-down period for projects and travel. further, applications for travel are only considered if the date of travel occurs after the relevant board meeting (2025 dates are: 24th april, 31st july, and 20th november). this means that there is no retrospective funding. 
scholarships and fellowships funded by the trust can be found under the scholarships and fellowships page. further information, including stipends payable, is available from institutional graduate student offices that administer the trust’s programmes.
the email address for all trust correspondence is mppt@mppt.nz.








project & equipment grants

grants are provided for health-related research projects, including those in the basic biomedical sciences. project grants are usually for one year; equipment grants buy bench equipment or larger items for shared use within research groups.
read more








travel grants

travel grants enable health-related research workers to attend scientific meetings in other centres, to visit research colleagues or for laboratory training in relevant research techniques.
read more








conference support grants

these grants help new zealand institutions or professional organisations to host scientific conferences in health-related fields. priority is given to conferences with an emphasis on research and research training.  conference support grants are not available for personal travel to conferences, for which a travel grant application should be made.
read more








scholarships & fellowships

the trust supports selected trainees in new zealand health science faculties. there are limited studentships, scholarships, fellowships and research training awards available and these are managed through the institutions concerned.
read more












about the maurice & phyllis paykel trust




the maurice and phyllis paykel trust was established in 1973 by the late mr. maurice paykel, philanthropist and co-founder of the fisher and paykel group of companies. 
it is a charitable trust dedicated to the improvement of health through the support of research and sponsorship of research trainees in the health-related sciences.


the trust began distributing funds in 1975. grants have been allocated each year since 1977, supporting projects in a broad range of health fields. a scientific committee assists the trust board with the ranking and selection of projects for financial support.
in 1980 the trust was incorporated as a charitable body under the charitable trusts act 1957.
maurice paykel 1914 – 2002 »







 
 



 
purpose of the trust
the trustees have discretionary use of trust funds to advance medical or paramedical science, including research and education. 
in practice, most expenditure is on research projects and the training of health research workers, including travel to scientific meetings and attendance at training courses.


 
charitable donations
the maurice and phyllis paykel trust was originally empowered to make a limited number of general charitable donations each year, but lost this ability when maurice paykel died in 2002. since then the sole function of the trust has been to support health research. 
another trust was established by mr paykel to provide an independent source of funds for general charitable donations. this is a separate charitable body, incorporated in 1982 and known as the maurice paykel charitable trust. further information about this trust is available on its website, www.paykelcharitabletrust.co.nz.




 




the maurice & phyllis paykel trust … the mandate of the maurice and phyllis paykel trust requires it to encourage the development of health-related research in new zealand. it carries out this mandate by providing funds for research support in the following forms: 
  · project & equipment grants
  · travel grants
  · conference support grants
  · scholarships & fellowships
where to find us … phone
64-9-379 5316
 
post
po box 110008auckland hospital
auckland 1148
 
office
81 grafton road auckland 1148 
email
use the contact form at the right to send a message, or email zn.tppm@tppm.
contact us





















thank you: your message is on its way. please expect a response within 48 hours.

 

 




© maurice and phyllis paykel trust 2014 - all rights reserved            























