









nakada studios




















www.nakadastudios.com 











nakada studios navigationthe store at nakada studiosthe gallerythe screening roomin developmentstarship echelonfearwoodnakada studios home














                  get in touch
                














welcome to nakada studios. hi all!  i'm well known for prop making and conceptual design. you can  pick up my art in the store. and now i'm focusing on entertaining, and educating through video and film. and, i do more; for film makers and productions i also offer; producing. production design. vfx. conceptual design. graphic design. storyboarding. story and script writing. department management. even costume creation. need a film crew? i have contacts that may be interested.for everyday business: i offer graphic arts, and copy writing services, and can even establish a branded identity for you.all projects are regarded as confidential.whatever your needs. let's talk about what i can bring to your project. this is what my fans know me for. this is what i do.-scottp.s. and as of last update: this site is best viewed with the chrome browser, desktop mode.






"fun stuff. for us geeks and film makers. let's go shopping!"







the gallery

                            come. see what we've worked on, right off the bench.









the nakada studios store
the new home of xscapes sci-fi originals. the brand. by the artists that you've come to know and trust. ready to go shopping? wardrobe patterns, props, patches, with more to come. check back often. 








"let's talk, film."







in development

                            film and movie projects currently taking shape at nakada studios









screening room
recent film projects.








"creation. is collaborative."







what does your project need? 

                            let's talk the nuts and bolts of creativity. for collectors or film makers.
















new store stuff: 
wardrobe patterns and nakada studios patch

need to get your victorian space uniform on? they're back. the jacket, revamped undershirt pattern, and newly cut bell trousers. the nakada studios leatherette patch. click through and take a look.











coming soon
f i l m  p r o p
a series about designing. making. and using those original props, in short films.








home  |  contact us  |  terms and conditions  |  the gallery  |  creative projects  |  the store | in development

                   supported payment systems in our store
                



































