 


home - website - s&s barns

























menu




barnsloafing shedsfinish your barngaragessteel buildingscontact









home




we are celebrating our 30th year in business.






we are grateful for each and every customer that we have worked with for those 30 yearswe love what we do, that's why we've been doing it so long.  providing incredible barns, loafing sheds and garages for the best price.  that is what gets us out of bed every morning.  no matter what your need, we can provide the perfect solution.  we not only build barns, but we also build lifetime relationships with our customers who become our friends.

checkout our reviews on google!



already a customer? scan or click the code to leave us a review! thank you!!










premium classic








western classic








wrangler classic
















a custom solution for every problem
	whether you’re looking for just stalls or a complete facility, s&s barns and buildings can fulfill your project needs.



barns




loafing sheds




finish your barn




garages




steel buildings










	request a quote
	












we are so happy with our new garage! it is a great quality and the process on your end was as represented. you were patient and considerate throughout.  we appreciate your professionalism and the product is a quality investment. we hope to work with you again in the future! 

john and peggy bishop







i needed some very specialized custom stalls for a new barn. i contracted s & s and they beautifully designed, built and installed the stalls to perfection. i will only contact s & s barns for all my building needs, including our commercial building requirements. steve mills and s & s barns are truly the best!

heidi zorn - premier equestrian, inc.










traditional lookwith the best materials of today

find out more











company


home


about


contact




account


my profile


order history






subscribe to updates:




submit














            copyright © 2025 - s&s barns  | software development |
            admin









