





evangel community church – houghton, michigan


















































 








 








 toggle navigation



i’m new
calendar
celebrate recovery
华人团契
college
youth
awana
the mom co
indoor playground
resource center
give
 










sunday services9:30 & 11:00 a.m.
first service live streamed

plan a visit















evangel community churchliving the good news in the copper countrysharing the good news with the world 


 

 


i'm new

sunday services 9:30 & 11:00 a.m.learn about evangel and what to expect for in person worship




 


sunday livestream

join us online at 9:30 a.m.view the stream here and find links for sunday worship




 


audio/video

sermon and podcast archivesunday messages, pearls & swine, and podcast links


 





welcome

at evangel, we strive to be disciples of jesus. we believe he died for us on the cross. we also believe that he has come to give us life to the full.
we’re trying to figure out what it means to follow him in all of his ways. what does it mean to love our neighbors as ourselves? what does it mean to love our enemies and pray for them?
come along on this journey with us! i invite you to one of our sunday services. we have programming from nursery through high school, and classes and discussion groups for adults.
i’d love to have you as part of the evangel community.
~ levi matteson, lead pastor
 

next steps…
take a look around and you’ll see that there’s a lot going on at evangel. people from all over the copper country—houghton, hancock, calumet, chassell, lake linden, michigan tech, and finlandia university—gather at evangel. we are purposeful about community. our church programs—children, youth, mothers of preschoolers, women, men, college, chinese, korean, internationals, and many others—are designed with you in mind. we want to meet you where you are, and we desire to respectfully, graciously, and patiently help you process the good news of jesus that really changes lives. whoever you are, wherever you’re from, we welcome you.
 

 
 







purposeful about communityour prayer is that you'll find our church to be a safe and inviting place where you can share your story and move with us toward jesus, regardless of your background. 


 


 

kedmon
zimbabwe
"evangel has been god's family to us."






 

shuhan
taiwan
"evangel is a supporting and caring community of christ followers, and a spiritual home for us."






 

alan
upper peninsula
"evangel provides heartfelt messages, true fellowship, and is a catalyst for me to share the good news."









 







sunday worship9:30 & 11:00 a.m.address900 w. memorial rd., houghton, mi 49931contact usoffice hours:
mon - thur, 9 a.m. - 5 p.m.

   office@evangelup.org

   call: 906-482-6626

   text: 906-254-5444

levi matteson, lead pastor
travis williams, nextgen pastor
lisa watrous, director of adult discipleship & ministry developmentquick links   calendar

   sermon audio

   weekly news

   facebook

   instagram

   youtube 


audio/video archive
awana
calendar
celebrate recovery
college
front page
give
home
i’m new
indoor playground
mops
privacy policy
pulse middle school youth group
resource center
sunday
the mom co
thrive high school youth group
youth
华人团契

hestia | developed by themeisle 


 
















