


www.palmcityhomesforsale.com www.stuarthomesforsale.com www.martincountyhomesforsale.com homes sales in palm city-sewalls point stuart-hutchinson island-jensen beach hobe sound-tequesta-jupiter island - home





























































        					home
        				



        					buyer-seller services
        				



        					our qualifications
        				



        					contact us
        				



        					our luxury homes sales
        				






















accessibility  the national association of realtors® (nar) is committed to providing an accessible website. if you have difficulty accessing content, have difficulty viewing a file on the website, or notice any accessibility problems, please contact nar to specify the nature of the accessibility issue and any assistive technology you use. nar will strive to provide the content you need in the format you require. nar welcomes your suggestions and comments about improving ongoing efforts to increase the accessibility of this website. expand all web accessibility help there are actions you can take to adjust your web browser to make your web experience more accessible. i am blind or can't see very welli find a keyboard or mouse hard to use                    i am deaf or hard of hearing if you have trouble seeing web pages, the us social security administration offers these tips (link is external) for optimizing your computer and browser to improve your online experience. use your computer to read web pages out loud (link is external) use the keyboard to navigate screens (link is external) increase text size (link is external) magnify your screen (link is external) change background and text colors (link is external) make your mouse pointer more visible (lsearchif you are deaf or hard of hearing, there are several accessibility features available to you. transcripts a text transcript is a text equivalent of audio information that includes spoken words and non-spoken sounds such as sound effects. nar is working on adding transcripts to all scripted video and audio content. captioning a caption is transcript for the audio track of a video presentation that is synchronized with the video and audio tracks. captions are generally rendered visually by being superimposed over the video, which benefits people who are deaf and hard-of-hearing, and anyone who cannot hear the audio (e.g., when in a crowded room). most of nar's video content includes captions. learn how to turn captioning on and off in youtube. (link is external) volume controls your computer, tablet, or mobile device has volume control features. each video and audio service has its own additional volume controls. try adjusting both your device's volume controls and your media players' volume controls to optimize your listening experience.​from waterfront to other fine homes - let us help you buy or sell your next home! consider martin county and the treasure coast. not far away - only 25 minutes north from the palm beaches.  excellent weather-we are at the very top of the sub-tropic zone. beautiful waterways ! serene beaches!large sandbar inside inlet for anchoring/socializing.bahamas are 78 miles away.gulfstream is only a few miles offshore.dock your boat at downtown city docks and walk to quaint downtown stuart with numerous restaurants and specialty shops.jensen beach town center with small town key west style friendliness.top rated school district in the state. top 100 u.s. public school systems & top 100 small town hospitals! low population density of 165,000 in martin county. strong anti-growth policies.














 



 




















 



 



 












bucket list: live on an island! a rare find! your own private beach access just steps away from your home! gated community of only 12 homes. key west style home with multiple french doors that open to a lovely courtyard, pool, and poolside cabana/guest suite/ bath. great for hosting friends & socializing! enjoy sunrises on the beach & sunsets from the community intracoastal dock, both just steps away from your home! groceries, restaurants, pharmacies, fuel, & more all just a few minutes away. the interior offers high ceilings & a freestanding double-sided, coral stone fireplace which accents the living room. lush tropical landscaping provides privacy. metal roof, cement siding, & accordion shutters provide protection. bonus exterior workshop/gardening room. conveniently located to downtown stuart just 10 minutes. community dock- this property does not own a private dock space, but leased space may be available. coastal living at its finest! enjoy island living and uncrowded beaches! $1,430,000  virtual tour at :  january 9, 2024 (youtube.com)















rare 4 car garage! possible five bedroom home! the somerset model has both a spacious office & media/rec room & with the addition of closets could be used for bedrooms! full impact glass protects the home. the owners added over $100,000 in upgrades to the property including upgraded kitchen, custom closets, fireplace, whole house 22 kw generator, garage cabinets, plantation shutters, surround sound, electric screens & much more! garages can hold up to 4 vehicles. extended lanai, heated oversized 46 foot pool/spa, and extended yard & fencing with outdoor lighting makes for a superior entertaining stay-cation retreat. highly rated schools & convenient location for commuting on i-95 & the turnpike are additional benefits for this location. community amenities include gated entry, equestrian & walking trail, 300 acres of preserved area, lakes & parks, clubhouse with kitchen & playroom, community pool, tennis/pickleball, fitness center, basketball court, & tot lot. live the good life here! $1,399,000. virtual tour at: 5234 sw blue daze way (iplayerhd.com)

















 



 

















 



 



​the turn-key home you have been waiting for! since 2021 this property has undergone extensive renovation and remodeling inside and out. new standing seam metal roof, paver stone driveway, landscaping, impact doors & windows, air conditioners and ductwork, shiplap interior siding, icynene foam insulation, top-of-line hot water heater, kitchen-aid appliances, kitchen cabinets, quartz countertops, wet bar & wine fridge, bathrooms, baseboards, door moldings & crown moldings, washer & dryer, lights and switches, porcelain tile, garage floor surfacing, pool deck & drain, house water pipes, h2o treatment/filtration system, adt security system with multiple cameras, all new since 2021! community boat/rv/trailer storage yard, tennis courts and lakeview gazebo are available in this gated community. miles of quiet roads and sidewalks just outside the community for walking & biking. nearby community park offers recreational facilities. highly rated palm city schools & convenient to i-95 & tpke! $1,329,000 see virtual tour at: 4977 lake grove circle (youtube.com)





















affordable sweeping water views! nestled on the protected waters of the back bay of the st lucie river in palm city, this location is ideal for kayaking and small boat operation far removed from the bustle of marine traffic on the nearby river. expansive eastern exposure is perfect for sunrises and sparkling moonrises over the water. located in an off the beaten path neighborhood, this location affords quick access to i-95 & turnpike for commuting to the palm beaches. no hoa allows you the opportunity to have an rv, truck, boat trailer etc in the spacious circular driveway. cbs construction with a new metal roof-over and storm shutters gives peace of mind from the weather. a propane fireplace, screened in pool with bar and full outside bath, firepit, 10,000# boatlift and private dock and spacious 2 car air-conditioned garage are some of this property's amenities. highly rated palm city schools are the icing on the cake for this desirable ocean access home. $1,190,000


















the waterfront home you have been waiting for! comfortably sized .39/acre lot perched high above the hidden river waterway (no flood insurance required!!) & eastern exposure. a large, screened lanai and spacious open pool deck offer plenty of room for family and friends to enjoy. plenty of protected dockage with a newer 16,000# and a 6,000# boatlift. minutes by boat to downtown stuart and the st lucie inlet offering world class fishing! impact glass, accordion shutters metal roof & cement-hardi-board siding protect the home. upon entering, the home offers an inviting warm wood-themed setting with a wood burning fireplace and an expanded & updated primary suite with a spacious bathroom and expanded closet space also. many other home upgrades available on the feature sheet. bring your rv, trailer, boats etc, no hoa here! fenced yard protects your pets. high rated palm city schools and a very convenient location for commuting are added benefits to this location. $1,150,000 see virtual tour at: excellent palm city waterfront home for sale! (youtube.com) 

















 



 









a rare find! florida green building coalition certified "green home"! plus icf poured concrete with impact glass, icynene insulation and metal roof. extremely economical for energy usage and very affordable to insure. you will save thousands of $$$ every year!! pergola covered private courtyard area has room for a pool. primary suite and office/den/potential fourth bedroom are on the first floor. open entertaining kitchen area with italian calacatta gold marble island, beautiful quartz countertops, and dependable kitchen-aid appliances. all bedrooms are en-suite. no hoa so bring your boat, rv, etc. located on a quiet dead-end street and walking distance to highly rated palm city grade school and hidden oakes middle school. publix, shops & restaurants just blocks away too! extra deep and wide garage with generator hook-up. convenient commuting location with i-95 and fl turnpike nearby. come live the good life here! quaint downtown stuart and the beaches are both just minutes away! $899,000 see the virtual tour at: may 15, 2024 (youtube.com)














 



 









very rare 3-bedroom oceanfront! the plantation house at indian river plantation offers private access to the beach, private pool, covered parking with storage, secure elevator access, up to 2 pets, rentable 3x a year, and availability of the ocean club memberships with golf, tennis, fitness center and beach club nearby. this unit has new a/c in 2021, washer & dryer in unit, 3 bedrooms, 2 baths with screened lanai with sweeping ocean views and impact sliding doors. latitudes tiki bar and bahia grill are located within walking distance at the nearby marriott beach resort. major multi-million $$$ preventative maintenance, restoration and refurbishments in the last 4 years put the plantation house building in newer condition with no current assessments. $850,000
























great cul-de-sac location with no neighbors across the street! oakridge offers a ocean-access boat launching ramp, tennis & pickleball, basketball, and community pool also. low hoa of $225/month. well maintained cbs home with new metal roof in 2021 and new a/c & garage impact door in 2024 and newer kitchen appliances. private pool area and fenced yard too. serene lake views from your patio & pool areas. highly rated martin county schools are an added benefit. all furniture available for purchase also. $630,000. virtual tour at: august 27, 2024 (youtube.com)





















intracoastal mansion on 3 acres! home has 4 bedrooms,4 baths, theater room, maids quarters, balconies, 5 car garage & resort quality pool & spa. horses are allowed. s. a private dock & beach on the intracoastal comes with the property with some of the deeper water available along the indian river. tranquil intracoastal views & 30 plus feet base elevation.  $2,750,000 for virtual tour 8053 s indian river drive, fort pierce, fl 34982 · $2,750,000 · 4610.00 sq.ft · 4 bedrooms | virtual tour for a property (propertypanorama.com)                                                              

















                                  our "just sold" waterfront and luxury homes





just sold!!! large boat dockage! river and canal views! a rare waterfront offering in the wide waters enclave of acre plus estate homes situated adjacent to the floridian estate. hard to find 2 bedroom/2.5 bath full guest apartment with separate entrance also! "hurricane hole" offers protected deep water dockage for a large boat and the tranquility and privacy of a secluded location.. extensive deck & covered patio featuring electric screens & built in bbq with pool/spa overlooking the waterway. cathedral ceilings, built in cabinetry. wood burning fireplace, indoor/outdoor bar, speakers inside & out, & master bathroom separate spa room too. 3 car garage & a 20,000# covered boatlift & a 100 ft. 2-level dock gives you room for all your boating needs on sheltered waters. just minutes to the river & inlet and the downtown stuart city docks for dining. community launching ramp, "a" rated palm city schools add value to this location. highway commuting to the palm beaches is just minutes away. $1,575,000. (last three photos are artist rendering of proposed paint color changes to living room, dining room and kitchen.) see the virtual tour at: https://youtu.be/c71opampvu4or at https://iplayerhd.com/player/video/78471296-6312-4d88-90ab-5a257c9800a2/share























  just sold in 2018!!! this home is for the buyer looking for sweeping full river views! deep water dock with room for multiple boats. home is 2 story mizner style with cast stone balustrades, antique vanities, pecky cypress ceilings,brazilian cherry wood floors, cast stone details, stained glass, antique fireplace, salvage brick walkways,open air pool. master bedroom suite is on first floor as well as a separate study area. double door entry, winding staircase,great room with antique fireplace set the tone for this one-of-a-kind home! upgrade list includes: quartz kitchen counters,pot filler,commercial faucet ,newer tile roof,2nd floor balcony with access from guest rooms, newer awnings and paint, newer concrete/pvc seawall, newer dock and 16,000# & 9,000# boatlifts with deep water for a very large yacht .circular drive, new impact glass, freshly painted, new awnings too. cul-de-sac street is just minutes to quaint downtown stuart. $1,355,000 virtual tour at: https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b3sq7jfnulhzd0rmanc3vgxfn00/view?usp=drive_web




















just sold !!! this is an amazing house! there is so much to offer here. new standing seam metal roof this month! plenty of room for everyone plus home office/rec room/studio - whatever your needs are! master suite is huge! office in suite area as well as fabulous master bath, walk-in safe and much organized closet space! waterfront has breathtaking long view of canal! two -2 car airconditioned garages + boat house with room for storage. dock has 20,000 lb lift. gas grill in florida room. plenty of driveway parking for a multitude of vehicles. rv and boat/trailer parking is allowed. all "a" rated palm city schools and a convenient location for commuting to i-95 and the turnpike. $1,325,000. see the virtual tour at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jyjukcy6dqc&feature=em-share_video_user














just sold in 2018! sailfish cove is situated on a rare protected deep water canal on hutchinson island in martin county! newer all concrete block home with intracoastal views ! walk to the beach across the street! key west style home in immaculate condition with screened/covered pool for 24/7 use. 10,000# boatlift & 50 amp dock service for a large boat. sunset views spanning the intracoastal and jensen beach causeway bridge are stunning! designed by renowned kelly & kelly architects and built by quality builder gary hufnagel. 15 kw house generator, accordion & motorized shutters & metal roof makes this home a fortress! chicago brick paved patio area is equipped with built in bbq, icemaker & refrigerator for entertaining. the second story deck affords sweeping views of the intracoastal & hutchinson island. low maintenance hardi-plank cement siding and vinyl fencing complement the tasteful tropical landscaping. minutes to jensen beach and downtown stuart. come live the waterfront/beachside lifestyle here! $1,250,000
























just sold in 2019! bring all your toys! dockage for several boats, rv hookup, 4 car garage! cbs with metal roof, shutters, generator, pool. 3 bedrooms plus office, double coral fireplace, central water. fenced & gated for privacy. workshop area in garage. enjoy breathtaking sunrises and moonrises over the wide water from your riverfront fire-pit. new dock with 10,000# lift and dockage for a large boat. over 1/2 acre with rv parking area and no hoa! convenient commuting location to i-95 and turnpike. a rated palm city schools! $1,200,000





























just sold!!! private waterfront estate offering protected water, 12,000# boat lift and floating dock for small boat or jetskis, & quick access to the st. lucie river! unique peninsula location with all encompassing water views & natural scenery/preserve in most directions. concrete block construction, architectural aluminum roof, & accordian shutters offer a safe haven from storms. the living area with stone fireplace, cathedral ceilings, wood floors & cypress wood porch ceiling is warm and inviting. 3 bedroom plus office, newer high quality water system, newer a/c & ductwork too. 400 + feet of waterviews from most rooms & pool/patio. one approaches the home via a dramatic palm lined driveway. there are fruit varieties and flowering botanicals for your enjoyment. no hoa so bring your rv's, boats, and trailers. "a" rated palm city schools and a convenient commuting location to the palm beaches. $899,900 see the virtual tour at: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19laytz7yqe&feature=youtu.be














just sold!!! great waterfront location in desirable four rivers! room for a large yacht at your private dock!. over 150 ft. of waterfront. 5 bedroom home over 3,600 sq. ft. with 3 car garage and new metal roof in 2018. 36 foot pool with expansive 100 ft. patio. the property is over 3/4 acre and sits high above the waterway. flood insurance is not required here! plenty of driveway parking for a multitude of vehicles. rv and boat/trailer parking is allowed. all "a" rated palm city schools and a convenient location for commuting to i-95 and the turnpike. $815,000
















































