









home


























home eventsregionsboundary countybonners ferrymoyie springsnaplesbonner countypriest lakebayviewsandpointblanchardpriest riverkootenai countyatholcoeur d'alenepost fallsrathdrumhaydenspirit lakeworleybenewah countyharrisonplummerst. mariesshoshone countycataldokelloggwallacecentral idahomontanaactivitiesbikingcampinggolfinghikinghistoryhuntingmuseumswater sportsfishingbeacheswhite water raftingthings to dofarragut state parkpriest lake state parkgeocaching in north idahoheyburn state parkwinter sportssnowboardingsnowmobilingice skatingscenic toursshoppingthe arts lodgingresorts/hotelsrv parkscampgroundsb&bs/rentals diningweatherresourcesrelocationtransportationretirementlibrarieschurchesweddingshealthcare














sidebar menu 


home eventsregionsboundary countybonners ferrymoyie springsnaplesbonner countypriest lakebayviewsandpointblanchardpriest riverkootenai countyatholcoeur d'alenepost fallsrathdrumhaydenspirit lakeworleybenewah countyharrisonplummerst. mariesshoshone countycataldokelloggwallacecentral idahomontanaactivitiesbikingcampinggolfinghikinghistoryhuntingmuseumswater sportsfishingbeacheswhite water raftingthings to dofarragut state parkpriest lake state parkgeocaching in north idahoheyburn state parkwinter sportssnowboardingsnowmobilingice skatingscenic toursshoppingthe arts lodgingresorts/hotelsrv parkscampgroundsb&bs/rentals diningweatherresourcesrelocationtransportationretirementlibrarieschurchesweddingshealthcare 






























post falls dam









photographed by tom holman



















home eventsregionsboundary countybonners ferrymoyie springsnaplesbonner countypriest lakebayviewsandpointblanchardpriest riverkootenai countyatholcoeur d'alenepost fallsrathdrumhaydenspirit lakeworleybenewah countyharrisonplummerst. mariesshoshone countycataldokelloggwallacecentral idahomontanaactivitiesbikingcampinggolfinghikinghistoryhuntingmuseumswater sportsfishingbeacheswhite water raftingthings to dofarragut state parkpriest lake state parkgeocaching in north idahoheyburn state parkwinter sportssnowboardingsnowmobilingice skatingscenic toursshoppingthe arts lodgingresorts/hotelsrv parkscampgroundsb&bs/rentals diningweatherresourcesrelocationtransportationretirementlibrarieschurchesweddingshealthcare


home





welcome to north idaho
whether you’re looking for lodging, planning a day trip, or seeking a new adventure, come here to go north idaho! go skiing or snowmobiling on 400 miles of trail around priest lake. get that tent out and go camping in kootenai county under the stars that shine as brightly as the garnets and silver we pull from our mines. put a boat out on the waters of lake coeur d’alene, or dip a toe into priest river. hike and bike the trails all around our famous panhandle, or just sit back and enjoy the majestic view. a vacation in north idaho is a jumping off point. come here to go!outdoor adventureswe've got the scoop on the hikes, camping spots, beaches and adventures that will keep you entertained and outside all summer long.
enjoy the abundance of north idahowhere is here? is it called the panhandle or north idaho? that’s not so clear. unquestionably clear is the water in lake coeur d’alene or pend orielle. amazingly clear is the air that creates spectacular views to and from our highest peaks of the selkirk mountain range and down to the depths of hell’s canyon and post falls. north idaho abounds in natural resources and riches…and history, including the most productive silver mine in the country. and there are so many more riches waiting for you to discover in north idaho.explore the past in the presentin north idaho’s rugged past miners and loggers have blazed the trails, and you can follow in their footsteps on sneakers, snowshoes, skies or snowmobiles trails (those really are old logging and mining roads). north idaho is a place to explore and you can do it from the saddle, from the air, or from the seat of your car.vacation in north idahoon your vacation in north idaho go to town in coeur d’alene or sandpoint to shop at a white-glove jewelry store or goldsmith. then get out of dodge and get your hands dirty at an authentic 1880s gold mine. learn old skills at a mountain man rendezvous or a paul bunyan logging festival. or sit back and watch a rodeo or a powwow. lodge in a swank resort or camp out under the stars. go for a run in a scenic marathon, go for a hike up tubbs hill. eat huckleberries along the way or go out for wild game and fresh fish, or a chuck wagon dinner. how many places can boast of a golf course with a floating green? whatever you decide, this site will help you plan your vacation to north idaho, and it will be a great ride. after all you’ve come to the right place to get out and go.go fast, or go slow. go at your own speed. go north idaho! it will be a trip you’ll treasure!
why north idaho?
according to an article in vogue magazine it is one of the 10 hottest travel destinations in the world….yes in the world and idaho was the only state in america to make the list.
and, this isn't the first time idaho has been on top of some pretty impressive lists over the past 10 years. idaho was listed as one of the 25 best places to retire by forbesread more: idaho is the only state in u.s. to make world's top 10 destination spots by vogue
 






 
		print	 
		email	






eagles


the arts


dining




latest events22 feb 2025
2025 spokane golf show
01 mar 202506:00pm - 09:00pm
wine, stein and dine

subscribe to rss feed
majestic online


 lodging in north idaho

dining

north idaho relocation resources








privacy policy
pulaski tunnel trail
brew pubs in north idaho
farragut shooting range center
snake pit











copyright 1991-2024 - northidaho.org - all rights reserved site designed by:  savvy marketing, inc.













