






tvctv |










































































 










creative services
government programming
community programming

submit your program
facilities & equipment
classes
caps calendar
faq
community billboards


about

facility tours


 





select page


  
 



 



 








 



our channels11

can21

public23

public28
government30

government30

west linn

 
 
 





government programming
channels 28 and 30 contain our national award-winning government programming, making government more accessible and understandable to citizens in the tualatin valley. through coverage of city and county meetings, local events, or creating innovative programming on issues, tvctv produces a variety of programming to keep residents informed about their area government, city services, and community life in the tualatin valley.  our government access channels expand beyond local interest with nasa programming and late night vintage movies.
channel 28 presents live coverage of meetings for beaverton, lake oswego, tigard, and tualatin.
channel 30 presents live coverage of meetings for cornelius, forest grove, hillsboro, king city and washington county.
channel 30 in west linn presents live coverage of west linn meetings and events.

 
 
 


channel 28 live stream

 

channel 30 live stream

 
 
 
 





 



public access
tvctv provides three channels for public access.  each channel has its own guidelines for content. together they provide a collection of programming created locally and around the world.
channel 11 (22 ziply fiber) is the community access network (can).  metroeast community tv, open signal, willamette falls community tv and tvctv all share time on can.  it is seen throughout the portland metropolitan area.
channel 21 shows locally produced programming. programming created by tvctv trained producers and volunteers using our facilities and equipment, also programming produced within the portland metropolitan area sponsored by trained volunteer tvctv members.
channel 23 broadcasts programming created outside the area. whether originating by another agency or company, all are sponsored by a trained volunteer producer of tvctv.
 

 
 
 
 
 






our work
tvctv creative services is more than just government meetings on tv.  we specialize in client and jurisdictional-focused video production.

 
 
 




new series
tvctv presents a new financial planning series smart money. the fifteen minute shows, produced at the tvctv studios, are cohosted by local media veterans julia anderson and joe smith and is set to premiere on tvctv this saturday, march 18th at 5pm on channel 30.  smart money will air on wednesdays and saturdays at 5pm.



 
 
 




show submission
registered producers can upload their shows and fill out a request form to get their programs on the air.

 
 
 
 
 


 

contact us

 





































δ
 
 
 
 
  


 
 
 






facebook


tvctv | 15201 nw greenbrier pkwy, c-1, beaverton, or 97006 | 503-629-8534  

 
 
 



















