




     home | century 21 new millennium         
         





facebook


twitter


google


youtube


instagram


rss




searchsearchproperty searchneighborhood searchbuybuying with usfinancing your homecash back programsmoving to d.c., maryland, virginiac21nm rent rewardsrequest a buyer’s agentbuying q&ahomeownership q&ahome improvement q&asearch all listingsall listingsjust listedluxury listingsrental searchopen house searchsearch our listingsall c21nm listingsc21nm coming soonc21nm just listedc21nm luxury listingsc21nm rental searchc21nm open housemortgage resourcesrent vs. buy calculatorpre-qualification calculatorhome affordability calculator3-2-1 mortgage buydown calculatorfinancing q&abuying a homewe are vested in our successful home-buying experience from your first online property search to the day you start unpacking boxes in your new home-and beyond.
find a homesellselling with usour marketing platformmoving away from d.c., maryland, virginiaseller ready programget cash offerscash back programsreo servicesselling q&aselling with usselling a homelearn how our local agent expertise, combined with the regional new millennium support and the global reach of the century 21® brand, all work together to get your home sold for the for the best price possible in the shortest amount of time.
sell with uscommercialcommercialsell or lease commercialbuy or rent commercialrelocate your businessfind a commercial agentnm commercial titlerelocaterelocatemoving to d.c., maryland, virginiamoving away from d.c., maryland, virginiacash back programsc21nm real estate benefitscolumnmilitary relocationour relocation partnersmilitary real estate benefits by anywhererelocating with new millenniumwhether you're relocating across town or across the country, you can rely on century 21 new millennium to help prepare the way.
sell with usabout usfind usfind an agentfind an officeleadershipstaff directoryabout usour storyour partnersselect lending servicesbay county settlementscapstone insurancenm real estate servicesnm exclusive connectionshsa home warrantynm commercial titleblogvirginia officesalexandriaarlingtonchantillyculpeperfredericksburggainesvillemcleanstaffordwarrentonwinchesterwoodbridgemaryland officesaberdeenannapolisbowiecaliforniacolumbialusbyparkvillepasadenaprince frederickrockvillewhite plainsd.c. officewashington, d.c.west virginiainwoodfind an agentconnect with one of our 1,000+ local real estate experts across maryland, virginia and d.c. who will deliver an extraordinary buying or selling experience.
find an agentcareersjoin our teamagent careersstaff careersstaff directoryeducationpre-licensing classescontinuing education classespost-licensing classesmilitary discountjoin our teamcareers at new millenniumlearn why agents come to grow their businesses--and why they stay.
careers
select page


wherever you call home, we’re there.buyrentsellagent
interested in learning what your home is worth?
learn morecontact us
×interested in selling your home?
you’ve asked zillow what your home is worth. you talked to your neighbors. you've listened to the coworker who knows someone nearby who paid too much for her house last year.
but, remember this: you’re different. your house is different. and no automated tool can capture that. an experienced realtor can guide you to properly price your home. set up a pressure-free consultation today.
first name

last name

your email

your phone

interested in:

buy a house

sell a house

rent a house

estimate a property
i prefer to be contacted by

phone

email

text
your message


let's get startedserving virginia, maryland and d.c. for 25+ yearslocal knowledge. global reach.setting high standards for customer service is a big reason why we arethe no. 1 real estate company to work for in greater washington, as ranked by the washington post top workplaces 2018-2024


agent careers
real estate schoolserving local communities across the dmv25 offices throughout d.c., maryland and virginiaour relentless agents combine the latest in technology, market knowledge, and genuine personal care to help our clients have positive, memorable experiences when they buy or sell or rent a home.
find an agent
find an office
find a neighborhood  %satisfied customersrecommendation rating on
mel was great. the kids loved her and my wife enjoyed working with her. we appreciate her for helping us.kelvin thomas, spotsylvania, varecommends melissa hanerit was a pleasure working with dennis. he was knowledgeable about the local market and helped us sell our home fast at a fair price.susan casarez, la plata mdrecommends dennis burksfrom the very first meeting, it was clear that brittany was on top of her game. prepared, professional, and personable, brittany was superb in presenting us with homes that were exactly what we were looking for. we were very impressed when she was willing to drive over 2 hours to show us homes on the eastern shore. and, we found with each one, she had done her homework and had all the information we needed. when we finally found the...heather schoenbauer, mechanicsvillerecommends brittany harlani have known laura and her husband for many years, and have always heard how unbelievable she was as an agent. i knew i could trust her as a friend, but i had no idea how outstanding she would turn out to be. i had completely underestimated the value of my property and laura convinced me that i needed to ask more. i reluctant took her advice, and wow, was she right. not only did she get the top dollar...gary vick, pomfret md.recommends laura forbesyou absolutely won't find someone more knowledgeable of st mary's county, the history of the counties development and what to look for and look out for. she understood our needs and was never afraid to ask us the tough questions and keep us on track with complete honesty. don't look any further than jennifer.rich & mary, hollywood, mdrecommends jennifer goddardshe was fantastic. really knows her stuff.jena price, mechanicsville mdrecommends jennifer mullennixour team of trusted partnersready to serve your every need.







list with c21 new millenniumour top priority is to get your home sold for the most amount of money in the least amount of time—while delivering an extraordinary experience along the way.buy with c21 new millenniumat century 21 new millennium, you’ll receive an extraordinary experience while finding the perfect home that fits your timeframe.coming soon listings
view all
coming soon1410 wigeon way unit 306gambrills, md, 21054$370,000
open housecoming soon4014 lassen courtalexandria, va, 22312$799,000
open housecoming soon12142 westwood hills driveherndon, va, 20171$879,000
open housecoming soon7414 rokeby drivemanassas, va, 20109$335,000
coming soon222 moonlight lanemartinsburg, wv, 25401$294,500
coming soon242 walnut hill driveharpers ferry, wv, 25425$420,000
coming soon11800 thrift roadclinton, md, 20735$499,000
open housecoming soon3808 green ridge court unit 302fairfax, va, 22033$420,000
coming soon202 w park drivestafford, va, 22554$360,000
coming soon15628 john diskin circlewoodbridge, va, 22191$445,000
map searchproperty typesingle familyour coming soon listingsduplextown houselandcondoothera veteran-owned and woman-owned brokeragewe specialize in military, government and corporate relocation.
read moreour servicesmap searchbuysellfinancingmoving to d.c., maryland, virginiamoving away from d.c., maryland, virginiarequest an agentour  companyagent searchour officesour partnersabout usagent careersstaff careersstaff directoryagent dashboardlogin to dashboard© 2024 new millennium re, llc. all rights reserved. century 21® and the century 21 logo are registered service marks owned by century 21 real estate llc. new millennium re, llc, fully supports the principles of the fair housing act and the equal opportunity act. each franchise is independently owned and operated. any services or products provided by independently owned and operated franchises are not provided by, affiliated with or related to century 21 real estate llc nor any of its affiliated companies.
privacy policy
terms & conditions
latest properties





facebook


twitter


google


youtube


instagram


rss





        





