










































official website of kent lester, author






      skip to main content
    








toggle navigation


















main navigation


home


bio


blog


books


events


faq


reviews





















 
coming soon!
to be released on dec. 6, the third instinct, the dan clifford sequel to the seventh sun.
a high-octane thriller that sets dan clifford against ancient secret societies vying for power in the modern world; in the vein of dan brown's robert langdon series.
preorder now
 



 
official release!"in a breathtaking debut, kent lester has married fast-paced narrative and cutting-edge, reality-based science to produce an edge-of-the-seat thriller"
the seventh sun.



 
on sale now!the fifth edition of the bestselling how-to book the complete guide to contracting your home has been released with all new content including an extended chapter on green construction.








































 

on sale now
the official release date for the seventh sun has arrived, you can now pick up copies at your local barnes and noble, independent bookstore, and amazon.  if you prefer audio books, the seventh sun is also available from audible. help us make the bestseller lists!  also, don't forget to leave reviews and update your goodreads reading list.

more info








what they're saying



"the seventh sun is a thrill-a-minute ride! kent lester knows how to make science wildly entertaining."
--the seventh sun--tess gerritsen, new york times bestselling author of die again


more










 

the fifth edition of contracting is out
the latest edition of contracting will hit the bookshelves on february 12, 2017

order now


























share this website.





email





facebook





linkedin





twitter





google+





pinterest





























you can order the third instinct now


it's been five years since the debut of 

read more about you can order the third instinct now 













the seventh sun has officially launched


there were many times when i wondered if this day would ever arrive, but the final hardcover copies of the seventh sun have arrived in bookstores.  this represents a culmination of several years of drafts, queries, edits, publicity, and general mayhem.

read more about the seventh sun has officially launched 













the new website is here


the official website of kent lester has been redesigned to take full advantage of social networking and social media.

read more about the new website is here 






  subscribe to 














follow kent on facebook


























footer


search site







follow:















copyright 2017 by kent lester














