




ysart glass main page and index















ysart glass
monart glass - vasart glass - paul ysart - strathearn glass - stuart strathearn
john moncrieff ltd - north british glassworks - caithness glass  - scottish glassmakers

pirelli glass - nazeing glass







this site is about the glass made by a spanish family, the ysarts, in perth, scotland, beginning in 1922. (ysart is pronounced ‘ees-art’)
the content has been gathered by many collectors (see the contributors page) and is subject to continuous peer review. where possible reference sources for the material are given.
in other words, this is your site and it can only continue to improve with your input, no matter how small. we are making important new discoveries regularly, which help to fill out the flesh of the story and ensure up to date accuracy.
to learn about a particular glass and appreciate its place in history, it is necessary to have some knowledge of similar and related products. for this reason, these pages incorporate additional information on other glass producers and, where possible, illustrations of their work.
kevin holt has also contributed a significant effort in ensuring accuracy and consistency of the paperweight aspects of this site - in addition to his own research for his temporarily closed http://www.kevh.glass.btinternet.co.uk/ and the paperweight circle web-site.
2007 ongoing (2011): parts of this site, including the catalogues will be relocated to the new scotlands's glass site - some menu links already take you there directly. minor corrections continue.
in 2011 frank andrews donated this site to the glass-study association for permanent preservation. frank andrews continues to maintain and update this site. your donations help.







to support this site, please join the association or make a donation -  click on banner.



lots of pages!

first time visitors click here for a guided tour of some of the pages on this site. 


the glass bibliography has been replaced with a more detailed and larger version


ysart forum

hosted by

scotland's glass

for all your questions.



frank's other sites







articles
catalogues
about the site
other


ysart glass
monart
contributors
glass bibliography


john moncrieff ltd.
paul ysart
site news
other glassmakers


related glassmakers
vasart, strathearn
glass links
ysart glass book


photos, catalogues
pirelli glass ltd
scope of the site
glass showcase


pin-up gallery
caithness jewellery
contact
the glass-study library




sklo union glass
the glass zoo



glass-study association

site search engine
scotland's glass






visitors so far



google site search.









 www  ysartglass.com





awards received













back to previous page
copyright 2005 frank andrews — glass home — contact: contact



