







corpuschristi-tx.net




















corpus christi visitors guide

corpuschristi-tx.net
"the premier texas coast vacation destination"





latest page updates

new page! rv parks and resorts
lakehouses
winter texans
new page!  local radio stations
vacation rental property search engine







corpus christi is the second most popular vacation
      spot in the state of texas and has much to offer the tourists.  you will find
      beautiful scenery and plenty to do in corpus christi.  located on the gulf of mexico,
      corpus christi offers boating, swimming, sunbathing, fishing and more.

      there are several waterfront gazebos to enjoy.
with a metropolitan population of over 500,000, the city grows
      considerably with the "winter texans" who stay in the area during the winter
      months enjoying the mild climate of corpus christi, texas. 


corpus christi was named after the feast day
      celebrating the "body of christ." the city's name is latin for body of christ.  the city started originally as a frontier
      trading post in 1838 by colonel henry lawrence kinney and founded by him in 1839. 
the battle of corpus christi was fought between august 12 and august 18 1862, during the american civil war. united states navy forces blockading texas fought a small land and sea engagement with confederate forces in and around corpus christi bay and bombarded the city. union forces defeated confederate states navy ships operating in the area, but were repulsed when they landed on the coast.

  
    corpus christi beach area and shoreline

corpus christi is located about 144 miles from san
      antonio, approximately 215 miles from austin and houston, and 413 miles from dallas.
        that is just a short distance to travel to enjoy a year-round outdoor recreation
      haven like corpus christi with all that it has to offer. 


 
everyone love the beaches.... swimming is great at the beaches! 
you will find miles and miles of wide, spacious
          beaches with surfs ideal for swimming and wading. get a great tan sunbathing on the
          beaches. 
 


 
fishing is great in corpus christi....fishermen will find ample opportunities to enjoy their hobby
          at corpus christi. you can fish from the public piers, the beaches, bulkheads, or go on a
          chartered fishing cruise. 
 


enjoy nature at its finest....they say that pelicans are the best friends of the fishermen.
nature lovers will find plenty to observe with the
          seagulls, pelicans, cranes and other sea birds. you can also enjoy watching the dolphins
          frolic along the coast.
 
 





services in
    the area: 

 
 

 



  home
page
  highland lakes
  touring texas
  touring u.s.




 








 
 






