




































home | estuary partnership




























who we are

our organization
our staff & board
our funders
science work group
job opportunities
 

our work

habitat restoration
monitoring
research
education programs
stormwater projects
volunteering
columbia river estuary conference
request for bids and qualifications
 

about the river

facts about the river
river species
 

water trails

lower columbia river water trail
lewis river - vancouver lake water trail
water trail safety guide
water trail trip recommendations
 

latest news

in the news
our news
 






donate

























protecting the river and engaging the community
dedicated to the columbia river and its communities











water trails
plan your trip







education program
info for teachers and educators







volunteering
plant trees with us this winter







restoring habitat
learn about the steigerwald and our work along the east fork























				
				news & events
				
			
find out what we've been up to.


















february 2025 newsletter

read more
02.12.25












natural area vegetation management assistance rfq

read more
01.14.25












december 2024 newsletter

read more
12.11.24












call for abstracts: crec 2024

read more
12.02.24




see more news







upcoming events


21
feb 2025


psu indigenous nations studies volunteer planting at steigerwald wildlife refuge - feb 21st




22
feb 2025


dig it, plant it, do it again! volunteer planting at salmon creek - saturday, february 22nd




22
feb 2025


get grounded bipoc tree planting




23
feb 2025


volunteer planting at steigerwald lake national wildlife refuge - february 23rd, 1pm-4pm




01
mar 2025


dig it, plant it, do it again! volunteer planting at scappoose veteran's park - march 1st




08
mar 2025


volunteer planting at steigerwald lake national wildlife refuge - march 8th




11
mar 2025


psu indigenous nations studies volunteer planting at steigerwald wildlife refuge - march 11th




16
mar 2025


dig it, plant it, do it again! volunteer planting at sandy river delta - march 16th




13
may 2025


columbia river estuary conference 2025

















				
				about us
				
			
we live for the columbia river






the estuary partnership was founded in 1995, and 2025 is our 30th year of protecting and advocating for the lower columbia river. we restore habitat for keystone species like salmon and steelhead. we monitor ecosystem conditions and share our scientific findings. we seek methods to mitigate for changing climate conditions.we educate the upcoming generation about outdoor science and offer opportunities for community members to make a difference in their watershed. and we work in partnership with hundreds of organizations, companies, agencies, and individuals, because together our impact is so much greater.more about us





 


our area


the estuary partnership focuses on the lower 146 miles of the columbia river. this tidally-influenced area stretches from bonneville dam to the pacific ocean and includes 28 cities and portions of nine counties.




land acknowledgement


the lower columbia river (wimahl in upper chinook and nch’i-wàna in sahaptin) has been inhabited and stewarded by numerous tribes and bands of indigenous peoples since time immemorial, and these peoples continue to have a deep and abiding connection to our lands and waters. the broad geography of the lower columbia historically included dozens of seasonal and permanent villages and an interconnected web of tribal affiliations. tribes including the chinook, clatsop, kathlamet, wahkiakum, multnomah, cascades, tualatin kalapuya, molalla, wasco, clackamas, cowlitz, skilloot, and atfalati have ancestral connections to the lower columbia and continue to be stewards of the river. we recognize that tribal territories were often shared and overlapping, and that this may be an incomplete list of those who lived on these lands. we pay respect to the elders, both past and present, who have stewarded the waters and lands of the columbia river throughout generations. read more.




our mission


to restore and care for the waters and ecosystems of the lower columbia river, for current and future generations of fish, wildlife, and people.




national estuary program


the national estuary program ensures our critical coastal waterways are healthy and support the communities around them. national estuary programs are local people working together to restore the water quality and ecological integrity of the 28 estuaries of national significance across the united states, including the lower columbia river. 
created by congress in 1987, the national estuary program provides seed money to local communities, who leverage those resources to improve habitat, find solutions to difficult ecological issues, support our coastal economies, and engage community members to care for their waterways.
 














columbia connections
join our newsletter and keep up on the latest!

sign up
























lower columbia
see more
water trail map







lewis river
see more
water trail map






water trails 
discover your local waterways by nonmotorized boat!


















 







featured partnersannual celebration sponsors mainstem sponsor: consor tributary sponsors: confederated tribes of grand ronde, inter-fluve and wolf water resources floodplain sponsors: mackay sposito, parametrix, port of portland, and robertson fick engineering pc beverage sponsors: cooper mountain vineyards and hopworks   




















estuary partnership
protecting the columbia river in partnership with its communities.



503-226-1565
info@estuarypartnership.org
lower columbia estuary partnership
              400 ne 11th avenue, portland, or 97232





estuary partnership on facebook
estuary partnership on linkedin
estuary partnership on instagram
estuary partnership on youtube


sign up for our newsletter







© 2025 ep









