






home | marine life scientific research, ocean research, hubbs sea world research









































call us: 619-226-3870














home
about us

mission and vision
collaborators
facilities


board & staff
research

overview
wildlife populations
sustainable seafood
ocean health
animal behavior


education and outreach

education
outreach
citizen science


get involved

donate
citizen science
volunteer
career opportunities
internship opportunities


contact us

contact
sign up for newsletter


in the news

news















see how we apply scientific solutions
to complex challenges facing our planet

get involved











 



















innovative research through the years



.












selected research projects
travelers' map is loading...  if you see this after your page is loaded completely, leafletjs files are missing.







about







hubbs-seaworld research institute (hswri) is a non-profit scientific research organization committed to conserving and renewing marine life to ensure a healthier planet. our team of experts provides innovative and objective scientific solutions to challenges threatening ocean health and marine life in our rapidly changing world. hswri operates out of three locations, san diego, ca, carlsbad, ca and melbourne beach, fl.





 
united nations sustainable development goals











wildlife populations
our research focuses on predicting and, when possible, preventing negative impacts to vulnerable marine animals facing increasing human populations, intensifying environmental pressures and changing climate. learn more







animal behavior
sound plays an integral role in both human and animal lives—it helps individuals maintain social bonds, care for young, navigate, find food, avoid predators and monitor the world around them. at hubbs-seaworld research institute, our bioacoustics program studies how marine animals produce and are affected by sound. learn more







ocean health
our ocean health program studies how animals react to natural and human-induced change. understanding and preventing diminished marine animal health and widespread mortality events of populations of marine mammals, seabirds, finfish and sharks are some of our top priorities. learn more





sustainable seafood
the world’s population is slated to grow by 2.4 billion people by 2050.* according to the food and agriculture organization of the united nations, we must produce 70 percent more food to meet impending world hunger needs. our research team and its collaborators have played a leadership role for over 35 years in developing innovative replenishment solutions with no negative biological impacts. learn more











latest news & events









[custom-facebook-feed feed=5]









hswri’s white seabass program makes headlines
senior research scientist, mark drawbridge was interviewed by kusi news to discuss hubbs-seaworld research institute’s ocean resources enhancement and hatchery program (orehp) and its incredible contribution to the once-depleted white seabass population.






get involved:








citizen science programs

turn in your white seabass head (ca)
report stranded or entangled dolphin or whale (fl)









support
donate to our mission today and help make an impact on healthy oceans.









education & outreach
we are committed to creating future citizen advocates for ocean health and marine life by advancing public appreciation for scientific discovery.
our scientists encourage life-long learning in ocean science through public outreach.









 

 





home
about us
research
education and outreach
news & events
get involved
contact us
site map
 






facebook




twitter




instagram


© copyright 2020 hubbs-seaworld research institute. all rights reserved. 







































