


maryland department of labor


































skip to content
accessibility information







javascript required
javascript is required to use content on this page. please enable javascript in your browser.



















search


search





main navigation

unemployment
licensing
jobs
labor
financial
racing
famli family and medical leave insurance
contact us











maryland department of labor




















            section menu
        



features

news
new, proposed and emergency regulations
public information act requests
earn maryland
small business regulatory assistance
governor's workforce development board
joint enforcement task force on workplace fraud
maryland workforce exchange (mwe)
license search
benchmarks of success for the workforce system
minor work permits
adult education
gedâ® testing
workgroups
ayuda en español

quick links

 apply for maryland unemployment insurance
labor market information
employment information for employers
maryland re-entry initiative
business services
wage and hour information
warn log
consumer complaints
financial regulation
veterans services
eligible training provider list - wioa
serving on a maryland department of labor board, commission or advisory group
md labor employment opportunities
inside md labor










  previous 

 

federal government transition:
resources for impacted workers






effective october 1, 2024:  
pay stub/pay statement and pay transparency laws





joint enforcement task force on workplace fraud
access resources and submit complaints



  next 

federal government transition: resources for impacted workers
effective october 1, 2024: pay stub/pay statement and pay transparency laws
joint enforcement task force on workplace fraud




welcome to the maryland department of labor website. thanks for visiting! here you'll find information on the many programs and services available to you through our department. the maryland department of labor provides job development and employment training to help our citizens get the skills and expertise they need to move with our economy into maryland's future. we're dedicated to providing our business and consumer customers with high quality, efficient and friendly services. we're open for business, to serve you.                           
we hope you will take time to browse the many options available to you on our home page. we'd like your input! let us know how well the information provided here meets your needs, and what other information or services you would like available to you through the internet.
you can send comments to us pertaining to a particular division. please visit our  agency contacts page and click on the appropriate e-mail address.
for quick updates and more information, please follow the maryland department of labor on x (@md_labor) and  facebook. 




latest news
maryland department of labor proposes extending implementation timeline for family and medical leave insurance following federal actions impacting workers, employers
maryland added over 38,000 total jobs in 2024, new data shows
maryland office of financial regulation joins $80 million enforcement action against block, inc., cash app for violating bank secrecy act and anti-money laundering laws
read more news
hot topics
federal government transition: resources for impacted workers
minimum wage update
unemployment insurance weekly claims by county
apprenticeship & training
our customer service promise and overview 













maryland department of labor
100 s. charles street, tower i, baltimore, md 21201
dial 7-1-1 to place a call through maryland relay





about us
privacy
posters 
mpia 
register to vote
ayuda en español






















