




ag in the classroom – north carolina farm bureau




















































skip to content
show noticehide notice

 hurricane helene recoveryfind out how you can support recovery efforts in western nc. learn more








facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
flickr
pexels
eft enrollment
pay dues
insurance
join ncfb









about
the book planter
lesson plans
ag mags
commodities
grants & awards
workshops
videos
ncfb.org




open mobile menuclose mobile menu 








ag in the classroom










our mission:
to promote the importance of agriculture
to all north carolina teachers and students.





about nc ag in the classroom





ag in the classroom (aitc) is a unique educational program affiliated with north carolina farm bureau (ncfb). its inception occurred in 1985 by the approval of the ncfb board of directors. presentations were made across the state in all 100 counties from 1985 -1988 to every school system, the 100 county farm bureau boards of directors, governors jim hunt and jim martin, and superintendent of public instruction, bob etheridge to gain approval and support.
the educational program is dedicated to fostering an understanding for the importance of agriculture in north carolina. public and private school teachers and their students benefit by aitc’s promotion of the state’s food and fiber production from a raw source to the consumable product. agriculture continues to be the number one industry in north carolina; therefore, it is vital that young people acquire an appreciation and valid understanding for its purpose. aitc enables teachers to meet the educational needs of their students through; north carolina standard course of study-based curricula, workshops for inservice and pre-service teachers, grants, ag literacy books, and county farm bureau support.
our educational materials and programs provide a wealth of opportunities for integrating agriculture, food, and fiber resources into the pre-k-12 classroom. the entire network of ncfb aitc staff, curriculum specialists, and county farm bureau volunteers seek to improve student understanding by applying authentic agricultural examples for teaching curriculum in science, math, social studies, and language arts. the program concentrates heavily on the curriculum in grades k-8 so that a foundation is established in the minds of younger children to cultivate an appreciation for agriculture and for the people involved with its production.
ag in the classroom is delivered around the state by practicing teachers who are state-certified and national board qualified. however the existence of this program is carried out by the numerous volunteer hours of the ncfb members from all 100 counties.





contacts
heather willoughby morton


email heatherfacebooktwitterinstagram


quick links




ag stats
north carolina agricultural statistics brings together current and historic data relating to north carolina agriculture.






national ag literacy
we are a nation that has reaped the benefits of a successful agricultural system. this has allowed our society to flourish, engage in leisure activities, and dream about future endeavors.






ag literacy catalog
this curated list features the top recommended resources for each age group aligned to the pillars of agricultural literacy


aboutthe book planterlesson plansag magscommoditiesgrants & awardsworkshopsvideosncfb.orgselect one...aboutthe book planterlesson plansag magscommoditiesgrants & awardsworkshopsvideosncfb.org


our programs help build communities and give tomorrow’s leaders the skills to succeed.


learn more









membershipbecome a member
pay member dues
find an office
transparency in coverage – bcbsnc mrfs
 


contact mailing address
p.o. box 27766
raleigh, nc 27611
physical location
5301 glenwood avenue
raleigh, nc 27612
get directions
(919) 782-1705

follow usfacebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
flickr
pexels

newsletter signup
get the latest news delivered right to your inbox!

subscribe now 









copyright © 2025 north carolina farm bureau. all rights reserved. website by blue red marketing.




back to top































