




















welcome to mortgage sorter - mortgagesorter






































































last updated february 19 2025

helping over 300,000 people a year find the right uk mortgage












menu
skip to content
mortgage guide

mortgages made simple
how to choose
how to find them
brokers
types
glossary
costs
tips
calculators
best buy tables


remortgage

what is remortgaging?
how much can you save?
remortgaging tips
get a quick quote


home trading

home buyer’s guide
how to sell your home
negotiate like a pro
buying overseas


your situation?

i’m employed
self employed
first time buyers
bad credit
having problems?
older people


insurance

household
payment protection
life insurance
critical illness
mortgage indemnity
tie ins


faq
forum
help
need a mortgage?








welcome to mortgage sorter


we’ve helped many thousands of people, just like you, find their best possible mortgage deal by giving easy to understand information that you can digest quickly and take action on.
(in case you’re wondering, we are one of the most well established uk mortgage websites – online for over ten years – and are totally independent of any bank, mortgage lender or mortgage broker).
you get everything you need to know from basic stuff like what exactly is a mortgage? for more detailed action points like how to find the best mortgage for your needs …
read more

checkout the latest best buy tables
variable rate mortgages 




mortgage lender*
rate*
apr cost*
type
period*
max ltv*
fee*
redemp- tion*
more info


natwest
4.25% for term
4.4%
variable
term
80%
£499
–
can i really get this rate?


royal bank of scotland
4.25% for term
4.4%
variable
term
80%
£499
–
can i really get this rate?



see all the best buy tables












section contentsi'm a newbie
if you are totally new start here

i'm an existing mortgage holder
your questions answered quickly

should i stay or switch
your guide to remortgaging

i need a broker
talk to a truly independent broker today

i need a mortgage calculator
find out the...

mortgages and insurance
what you need. what to avoid

i need the current rates
see the latest best buy tables

i'm buying and / or selling
quick guides to give you the inside edge

news and articles
read the latest news and views
 
author: by ed parry


 uk mortgage news 

buying an investment property before the first home – theoofy.com
may 23, 2019


where to move in norfolk: best places, insiders’ tips and what you’ll get for your money – country life
may 21, 2019


mortgage rates halve since financial crisis – mortgages – news – moneyfacts.co.uk
may 19, 2019


40-year mortgages help buyers beat stricter affordabi… – estate agent today
may 17, 2019


top tips to help you buy a house for your children – property reporter
may 15, 2019


mortgage rates: what is a buy-to-let mortgage and how does it work? – express
may 13, 2019


mortgage affordability: how does your region fare? – what mortgage
may 11, 2019


the secret mortgage deals that banks won’t advertise but are offering to loyal customers – the sun
may 9, 2019


housing watch: make it easier for people to move – mortgage strategy
may 7, 2019


single first-time buyer spent seven years saving £62k deposit for £278k four-bed house near coventry – the sun
may 5, 2019


‘dysfunctional’ mortgage rules stopping people from buying homes – the irish times
may 3, 2019


mortgages for business: residential mortgage advice – april 2019 – what mortgage
may 1, 2019


how to remortgage:homeowners can save £4,500 per year by switching from a standard variable rate mortgage – homes and property
april 29, 2019


get more space for your money: how london home buyers can save thousands by moving to a home counties postcode nearby – homes and property
april 27, 2019


how you can buy property with no deposit – new mortgage offers uk buyers 100 per cent – express
april 25, 2019








uk mortgage resources and tipsquotes and rates
calculators
self-employed
home buyers
bad credit
more uk mortgage resources and tipscontact us
about us
your privacy
help
get social with usfacebook

 twitter


 


mortgage sorter provides you with jargon free, consumer friendly information on uk mortgages and other personal finance areas. we have been online since 1999 and are are completely independent. please note that this website provides information and not financial advice. always get independent advice and try to get at least three quotes when buying any financial product or service in the uk


© moneysorter ltd. office registered in england, company number: 3891081, vat reg no 769 7245 74 data protection register number z4835056. moneysorter ltd is an introducer appointed representative to julian harris mortgages ltd authorised and regulated by the financial conduct authority no 304155.



this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.acceptprivacy & cookies policy










privacy overview

this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





                        privacy overview                    



this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.






                            necessary 
                        
always enabled 


necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.






















