







ligare book printers australia | we make books









































































































our services


              our work
            

              contact us
            



        get a quote
      





back


              overview
            

            prepress
          

            offset printing
          

            digital printing
          

            specialised bindery
          

            custom embellishments
          

            logistics + distribution
          












































































our services

overview
prepress
offset printing
digital printing
specialised bindery
custom embellishments
logistics + distribution

our workcontact us











get a quote









scroll






   

est.1979australia’s leading book printing specialist.




    get started
  

   



















australian madeevery book we make is proudly manufactured from start to finish in our full-service factory right here in sydney, australia for over 45 years.













high qualityour books are a testament to our passion and expertise, crafted with precision and care using selected materials from trusted local suppliers.













fast turnaroundwe understand the importance of deadlines and we work efficiently and effectively to deliver on time without sacrificing quality.













expert supportour team of industry experts are dedicated to getting you the best possible results and we are here to support you every step of the way.


















carefully crafted
we specialise in producing high-quality hardcover and softcover books, custom made in our full service factory right here in sydney, australia since 1979.with the most comprehensive in-house offerings for making books in australia and a commitment to excellence, we make the process seamless from prepress all the way through to distribution.our passion for books is at the heart of everything we do here at ligare and it has always been our mission to create something timeless and meaningful to be enjoyed for generations to come.



about us











 

our servicesyour one-stop shop

   





            prepress
          










our dedicated and experienced prepress department will assist you with a smooth production from electronic file to print.








            offset printing
          










for large print runs, we offer a cost-effective way to produce high-quality, durable prints in both monochrome and full colour.








            on demand + digital printing
          










our on demand and digital printing options provide you with great flexibility for shorter print runs and on demand publications.











            specialised bindery
          










we have the most diverse binding methods in australia. no matter your budget, size, or requirements, we have the solution for you.








            custom embellishments
          










our in-house embellishments division provides an extensive selection of special finishes to make your book stand out from the crowd.








            logistics + distribution
          










we offer a cost-effective, risk-managed solution for all your distribution needs whether domestic, international or door-to-door.





  


    our services
  








featured workwhat is your story?

 




featured



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































let’s work together




    get in touch
  








join us on instagram







 


































 













home intro



the ligare experience



crafted with care



featured projects



welcome



let’s work together.



ligare social media










your bookjourney awaits.call : (02) 9533 2555email : books@ligare.com.au































informationaboutservicesgallery



resourcesprint ready guidesustainabilityfaq



contactcall usemail usvisit us

  











copyright © 2022 ligare pty ltd  | terms & conditions





ligare book printers
138 bonds road,
riverwood, nsw, 2210,
australia
(02) 9533-2555
info@ligare.com.au


hours
mon 8am - 5pm
tue 8am - 5pm
wed 8am - 5pm
thu 8am - 5pm
fri 8am - 5pm
sat closed
sun closed












