





wisconsin women's health foundation – innovate, impact and improve women's health in wisconsin




























































 



 skip to main contentwisconsin women's health foundationinnovate, impact and improve women's health in wisconsinabout

about wwhf
our team
annual report & financials
grants
board of directors


programs

first breath

participant
provider
resources
success stories


grapevine

participant
partner resources


well badger resource center
collaborations


news & articles
events

calendar
spring soiree
golf fundraiser
sponsors matter


contact
donate now




innovate. impact. improve.
wisconsin women’s health foundation
the wisconsin women’s health foundation (wwhf) provides critical health services and education throughout the state. our mission is to innovate, impact, and improve women’s health.

donate
participate


 




“it all begins with a healthy woman.”
sue ann thompson
former first lady of wisconsinpresident and founder of the wisconsin women’s health foundation







72
wisconsin counties reached







7500+
women served annually

 









2022 – milestone yearthe wisconsin women’s health foundation has thrived because of generous and dedicated individuals who care about investing in women’s health. from the very beginning of the foundation, we knew that by investing in women’s health, we were investing in the families of wisconsin
as we look onward to the future, we’re even more excited. we will continue to develop innovative and far-reaching programs that touch the life of every wisconsin woman and family who needs health education, resources or support. 






 thank you for your support 





watch our story – how we started, the important work we’re doing now and our vision for the future!   












utilize our services
our programs are free and accessible to anyone who needs assistance.we serve all 72 counties of wisconsin.



free health education


grapevine volunteer partners conducted 117 community based health education sessions in 2023.
learn more





health information and referral


find health services with the help of a live person over phone, email, searchable database and more.
learn more





smoking cessation & other substance use


learn strategies and get support to quit smoking or other substances, during and after your pregnancy.
learn more












ways to support
the wisconsin women’s health foundation relies on supporters like you. together, we can continue to create a positive impact and strive towards our shared goals.
there are various ways you can support us:

donate: your financial contributions enable us to continue our work and make a positive impact in the community. even a small donation can go a long way!
spread the word: help us raise awareness about our programs and initiatives. share our website, social media posts and upcoming fundraiser events with your friends, family and colleagues.
collaborate: if you represent an organization or business that aligns with our mission, we welcome potential partnerships and collaborations.
stay connected: join our newsletter or follow us on social media to stay updated on our latest efforts, events and opportunities to get involved.





contact us >









support our programs
your donations enable us to continue serving thousands of women and families each year. without you, none of our programs or events would be possible.
here’s what your gifts do:

provide life-changing health education
make critical health services accessible to those in need
support child and maternal health throughout pregnancy
and more


give today >

view our annual report for more detailed information.









upcoming events

join us at our next event!



 







communications@wwhf.org608.251.1675









annual reportsenewslettercareersirs990 form
© 2025 — wisconsin women’s health foundation | privacy policydesigned & developed at the digital ring





 


please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility 




x

 






































