web design tutorial videos-web development search-website help-web page tips-web developer links: quick webdev.



  web design videos, web development search engines, website owner tips, and web page design help linkswebdev.quickfound.net  







webdev help




  website design help

home: web development help search & links

search engine submissions
"classic" web dev books, 1998-99






freebies




  free website tools

free newsfeeds
free onsite weather
free website search






pcs & software




  news & articles

pc hardware
pc software

macintosh news & links
linux news & links






misc & more





audio & video















quickfound.net






 





tweet

 

news
     scitech
     money
     travel
     showbiz
     sports
     webdev


 



world population:

 



 







 




 






quickfound.net








twitter feeds, rss feeds





twitter feeds, rss feeds




 


popups: 
bbc music player - dow jones & nasdq





web design videos, youtube & live streaming video     ▼ load live tv 














 

twitter feeds, rss feeds





twitter feeds, rss feeds








browser downloads: 
chrome  -  
edge  -  
firefox  -  
opera  -  
msie  -  
safari



the microsoft developers network has thousands of pages of info.



find: 





html code tutorial has tutorials and a help forum.












find: 






internet related technologies has extensive tutorials (organized as faqs) and forums on almost all varieties of web page development.



find: 











bootstrap is an open source toolkit for developing with html, css, and js.

epic bootstrap has themes, templates, & snippets for customizing bootstrap.

html5 & css3 "cheat sheets" list of resources

webdeveloper.com forum

webreference.com

web developers journal

  online web development tools:
color code converter-displayer

unicode converter

html entity encoder/decoder

  html freeware:
    acehtml freeware
is back. acehtml free is an excellent free html editor, still available, although the maker, visicom media, no longer distributes developer software.

    you might also consider html-kit and evrsoft's 1st page 2000.

  ftp freeware:
    winscp is an good free ftp client for uploading your web pages.

  css: cascading style sheets
w3c css home

css zen garden try the same page with different css

blooberry alphabetical css property index

  javascript, dhtml, dom (document object model)

javascript kit, formerly website abstraction, is a compilation of free javascripts (including the one used to put the current date on this page) and help.






find: 




anime.js (/ˈæn.ə.meɪ/) is a lightweight javascript animation library with a simple, yet powerful api. it works with css properties, svg, dom attributes and javascript objects.

javascript.com

dynamic drive free javascripts and forums

javascript search free javascripts, articles & tutorials

objenv javascript links

a brief history of javascript

drop-down menu basics

  general web development help links
a list apart has over 600 articles on web development, with more added regularly.

digital web magazine also has hundreds of articles on web development, and is still growing.

dreamweaver club has help forums for macromedia's (now adobe's) dreamweaver software, and for html & css in general.

webmaster world has q&a discussion forums, with 30 topics in 4 categories, and thousands of postings.

brain jar contains web programming articles, tutorials & examples.

boutell.com offers help in many areas of web development, and the well-known 'mapedit' shareware image map editor.

apple developer connection: safari

 
  codrops web development blog




aspdev.org is for those who use active server pages.

apache server software is the most popular web server software by far, and it is a free download.

(yale) web style guide (online book)

"deep links" on linking within other websites

  check, validate, test...

internet supervision will check, for free, the time it takes one of your web pages (up to 100kb) to load at 9 different locations around the world simultaneously.


url: http://
  



browsershots.org displays screengrabs of your web page on a multitude of browser and operating system combinations, free.


the world wide web consortium (w3c) is the organization that establishes the non-binding recommended standards for the web, including html, http, css, and xml. their site includes info and references on all current and pending standards.


find: 








w3c online html & xhtml validator

html 5.3 working draft

w3c online css validator

  xml: extensible markup language
xml.com

microsoft deveoper's network (msdn): xml

cover pages: xml

planet xml hack weblog




