


 jasper county indiana genweb homepage

    
'


jasper county indiana






 welcome to jasper county,
indiana in june, 1996, a
group of genealogists organized the indiana comprehensive genealogy database. the idea was
to
provide a single entry point for all counties in indiana, where collected databases would be
stored.
in addition, the databases would be indexed and cross-linked, so that even if an individual were
found in more than one county, they could be located in the index. at the same time, volunteers
were found who were willing to coordinate the collection of databases and generally oversee the
contents of the web page. my name is *carol j. (lane) wood 
*. my husband, *harvey w. wood 
*, and i are responsible for jasper county. the indiana state coordinator is lena harper. the asssistant state coordinators are jim cox and  karen zach. if you would like to contribute your information to this page, please let me know. 

in memory of joyce i. lane (1932-2003)


 



jasper/newton/pulaski/white county obituaries

other indiana links


 local cemetery & area obituaries

  indiana towns ~ 1826


 names on milroy monument

  indiana post offices ~1875


 jasper county 1850 census

newton county ingenweb


1916 jasper county biographies

newton county biographies


1883 jasper county biographies

indiana state library 


jasper county cemeteries

indiana state library genealogy collection


indiana township trustee

 


jasper county courthouse

indiana marriage records through 1850


 county courthouse addresses 

indiana marriage records 1993-2002


 hoosier homestead farms

genealogy home page 


jasper county public libraries

indiana genealogical society


remington carpenter twp public library

 


fun stuff for genealogists, inc.

 manilla american cemetery 


jasper county sheriffs office

 


decendants of john spitler

search engines



		 jasper county queries 

 search jasper county site


ships passenger lists

 search rootsweb


house history & genealogy

 


 

 


ingenweb links

 


ingenweb project

 


indiana 1926

lane-wood personal pages 


indiana vital statistics records

4th degree knights of columbus in rensselaer in

indiana genealogy master index

tribute to joyce i. lane at sjc 

us genweb

wood reunion

indiana web site links

  

genealogy today

35years - class of '70 (2005) 

cyndi howell's genealogy list

blizzard 2/13/07 

rootsweb.com

40 years - class of '70 (2010) 

genealogy gateway to the webtm 

 

firstmom's genealogy resources & records

 

genealogy look up forum

 

 history at home genealogy guide

 

 

 


jasper county links

 

animated migration map of us

 





   
  
   

  










for more information, please contact
e-mail: harvey w. wood
e-mail: carol j. wood



