



homepage - levy law firm























































toggle navigation

home
about us
questionnaire
testimonials
contact
hablamos espanol
 

 








more than $100 million recovered 
							
free consultations – generous referral fees 
							
california dental malpractice attorneys 
							
100% contingency – no recovery, no fees 
							 










what is dental malpractice?
dental malpractice occurs when a dental provider provides treatment that is negligent. the negligent treatment that can lead to a dental malpractice case can include, causing a nerve injury resulting in numbness and/or pain during dental implant treatment, nerve injury as a result of root canal treatment or nerve injury from teeth extractions, including wisdom teeth. dental malpractice cases are often complex and require an experienced dental malpractice attorney that fully understands the facts and the injury in order to obtain the best possible result.
how can we help?
our focus with each dental malpractice claim is to represent patients who have been injured or received negligent care and treatment from their dental provider.
we can help you file a dental malpractice claim against your dentist related to dental implants, roots canals, infections, nerve injuries, wisdom tooth removals, periodontal disease, fillings, crowns, bridges, orthodontics treatments, anesthesia treatments, oral cancer and wrongful deaths.
let us be your dental malpractice lawyer when you have suffered. we can offer you the services of one of the finest dental malpractice lawyers available.
if you need a dental malpractice attorney in ca, contact us today!






for a free consultation, call (562) 430-0225
or
complete this questionnaire

dental malpractice lawyers
offering dental malpractice services for all of california including southern california, central california and northern california, los angeles, orange county, riverside, san bernardino, san diego, ventura, san francisco, bay area and all surrounding counties.


dental malpractice case summaries
implantswisdom tooth removal nerve injuriesother nerve injuriesroot canalsperiodontal diseasefillings, crowns and bridgesorthodonticsdentist negligence injurywrongful deathinfectionsoral cancer


dental malpracticeinformation
statute of limitationsinformed consentca board of dental examinerslegal glossarysitemaptestimonialsdental malpractice legal tips








lingual nerve injury: can i make a claim for compensation?
 if you believe your lingual nerve have been injured by your dentist, you need to talk to an expert legal representative who specializes in dental malpractice.
read more





attorney dane levy
expert in dental malpractice


mr. levy is the founder and owner of the levy law firm which handles dental malpractice cases throughout the united states. he attended the usc school of dentistry prior to obtaining his law degree from pepperdine law school. previously he received a bachelor of science degree in biological sciences from the university of california, irvine. over the past 25 years, he has recovered over $100 million for families and victims of dental malpractice including many wrongful death cases. in addition to handling his own case load, he serves as a consultant for many other attorneys and law firms around the united states on dental malpractice matters.
attorney dane levy is extremely knowledgeable in the sciences and dentistry since he attended the university of southern california (usc) school of dentistry prior to attending law school and obtaining his law degree.

aggressive representation
extensive trial experience
highly skilled settlement negotiator
legal and dental education
professional honors

with his strong science and legal background, he is able to thoroughly evaluate the merits of dental malpractice claims.






read more









service areas:
los angeles, orange county, ventura county, san bernardino, fresno, san francisco, bay area, oakland, san diego, santa clara, san jose, sacramento county, bakersfield, mission viejo, walnut creek, san luis obispo, lancaster, palmdale, palm desert, santa barbara, riverside, pomona, victorville, kern county, sonoma, tulare county, visalia, contra costa county, alameda county, santa clarita, stockton, yolo county, santa ana, beverly hills, newport beach, san fernanado valley, van nuys, long beach, anaheim, hemet, oxnard, santa rosa, san joaquin county, redding, simi valley, vista, glendale, pasadena, santa maria, modesto, stockton, concord, livermore, solano county, woodland hills, madera county, el cajon, napa valley, santa cruz county, los angeles county, malibu, thousand oaks, valencia, irvine, carlsbad, oceanside, encinitas, san diego county, and throughout northern california (norcal) and southern california (socal).
disclaimer:these materials have been prepared for informational purposes only and are not legal advice. the information is not intended to create, and receipt of it does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship. internet subscribers and online readers should not act upon this information without seeking professional counsel. any article presented on this site of a legal nature only considers california state law applicable at the time of the original authorship. the law is subject to change since our posting of any article on this site. you should consult an attorney for individual advice regarding your own situation. do not send us confidential information until you speak with one of our attorneys and get authorization to send the information to us. we may provide links to other sites that are for useful or informative purposes only. these links do not constitute an endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation of any information, products or services found therein. you may not copy materials found on this web site. you are not being granted a license under any copyright, trademark, patent or other intellectual property right in the material found or described therein. any distribution by others of the substance on this site is prohibited. all such rights are retained by the attorneys of www.dentalmal.com. you may not create framed links to this site without express written consent.







copyright © 2025 dentalmal.com. all rights reserved.
looked after by inframes.com

























