


dx atlas: amateur radio software










afreet software, inc.
     software created by alex shovkoplyas, ve3nea









products


 

morse expertfor android
	





 ham cockpit




 cw skimmer




dx atlas




 rtty skimmer server




 gritty




hamvna




 cw skimmer server




 pileup runner




 dx bulletin reader




 voice shaper





band master





faros





morse runner






ham cap





rocky




morse midi




master.dtaeditor






tech stuff


 programmer'scorner




 omnirig




 qrq profiler




 rttycompare




 sstv tools




 toy ntp













dx atlas  2.41

  electronic world atlas for amateur radio


  features  
  screenshots  
  iono maps  
  integration  


electronic world atlas for radio amateurs. scrollable world map with smooth zoom, 
dxcc territories, 
province/state prefixes, grid squares, cq and itu zones in the rectangular, 
azimuthal and globe projections, 3d relief, gray line, city and island index, unique hierarchical 
prefix database, local time with dst for all cities, islands 
and call areas, unique ionospheric maps. 


integrates with 
hamcap,
ionoprobe,
band master,
and many 3-rd party programs. 




prefixes
  call area boundaries and prefixes are shown on the world map in addition to
  the dxcc boundaries and prefixes.
  each prefix has a hint with a country and province name.
  click on a prefix to find it in the prefix database.

  zones
cq zone and itu zone boundaries can be switched on
  and off. move your mouse over the zone label to see the official
  definition of the zone.

  grid squares
  the maidenhead locator map displays 2-character and 4-character grid squares.
  you can mark worked and confirmed squares and add comments to each square.
  the grid square calculator converts between the latitude/longitude and the grid square locator.


  azimuthal map
  rectangular, azimuthal and globe projections are available.
  the azimuthal map center can be changed with a single mouse click
  to see how the world looks from a dx location.

   


navigation
  zoom in and out, scroll or re-center the map, switch between the
  projections and turn individual layers on and off with your mouse.
  antenna bearing and distance for the point under the mouse cursor
  are shown on the status bar.

  gray line
    can be turned on and off, or shown for any specific date and time.
  sunrise and sunset time is calculated automatically for the current point
  and for all gazetteer entries.

  prefix database
  browse the visual, hierarchical prefix database that comes with dx atlas.
  this database includes current and old prefixes of countries and provinces,
  prefix blocks allocated to club stations and reserved for special events,
  and much more. each entry has a lot of associated data, including
  cq/itu zone, time zone, dxcc territory and adif number.
  we have released our prefix database as a public domain dataset.

  gazetteers
  dx atlas includes a detailed city and island index.
  double-click on any island or city to find its location
  on the map, or right-click to see the details such as
  latitude and longitude, country, province, and city population.

  local time
    is displayed for all territories, provinces and cities,
    for the current date/time and for the dates in the past and future.
    this function uses a database of time zone and dst changes since 1945.

  automation
    3-rd party programs can control dx atlas and even plot their own data on the map
  via com or ole automation.




minimum system requirements:  

cpu: pentium 166 mhz
ram: 32 mb
os: win95/win98/winnt4/winme/win2000/winxp/win7/win8/win10
video card: 640x480, 256 colors
disk space: 65 mb


copyright © 1998-2020 afreet software, inc.







i/o



downloads



  registration






  author's e-mail












