






simpson & simpson | file a patent or register a trademark | registered patent attorneys, trademark, and copyright | 716-626-1564 | protecting everything you can imagine® - simpson & simpson | file a patent or register a trademark | registered patent attorneys, trademark, and copyright | 716-626-1564 | protecting everything you can imagine®





















call us at  716.626.1564









contact us    client portal  invention submission 




















toggle navigation













      our firm
    



      practitioner profiles
    



      staff profiles
    



      firm updates
    



      locations
    



      buffalo office
    



      west palm beach office
    







      patents
    



      patent gallery
    



      patent faq's
    





      trademarks
    



      trademark gallery
    



      trademark faq's
    





      resources
    



      client portal - credit card payment
    



      educational videos
    



      invention submission
    



      legal news
    



      legal blog
    


























protecting your ideas
at simpson & simpson, we are passionate about helping you protect your inventions, trademarks, and copyrights. our practitioners are experts in the acquisition of patents and trademarks in both the united states and internationally.
learn more










attention to detail
we pride ourselves on being at the forefront of the current laws and regulations governing patents and trademarks. it's protecting creativity that makes our work so fulfilling. contact us to learn more.
contact us










client testimonials
view what our clients have to say about us.
view testimonials





















 protecting everything
 you can imagine®


intellectual property law - it's what we do - it's all we do!
 in selecting intellectual property legal counsel, clients should of course look for experience, skill, and capabilities. but we believe it is equally important to retain counsel who appreciate your creativity.


















 patent gallery


 view patents we've obtained.












 trademark gallery


 view trademarks we've registered.












 invention submission


 submit your idea today.


















 whenever we convince the patent and trademark office that an invention is patentable or a trademark is registrable, and whenever our advice helps protect a client's creativity, we consider it a success. it's what drives us to "protect everything you can imagine!"


  


new inventor resources

























 learn more about us







testimonials


  "diligent, intelligent, and professional people dedicated to get you from conception to creation in a timely fashion."
 










firm updates


  see what's new within our firm.
   
 












legal news


  read the latest news from our members and see what is developing in the world of patent and trademark law.
 










  connect with us
 

    

















    
  

   meet our team
  

our practitioner profiles












 "invention is the most important product of man's creative brain. the ultimate purpose is the complete mastery over the material world, the harnessing of human nature to human needs."


nikola tesla






















  



  






new york



buffalo, ny
 simpson & simpson, pllc
 5555 main street
 buffalo, new york 14221


 phone: 716-626-1564
 fax: 716-626-0366
send message





florida



west palm beach, fl
 simpson & simpson, llc
 2000 pga blvd., suite 4440, pmb129
 palm beach gardens, fl 33408


 phone: 561-691-5597
 fax: 561-691-5598
send message





quick links




client portal


patent gallery


trademark gallery


uspto patent database


trademark electronic search system


trademark status & document retrieval















  privacy policy | attorney advertising | legal disclaimer | statement of client rights






          copyright © 1999-2025 simpson & simpson pllc.
        














