







ascend media | conference publishing and sales






























































about usour teamportfolioservicesnewsclient feedbacklet’s connect











engagement. 
							 


sales. 
							




 


dailies & directories. 
							 


digital. 
							 

we are 
							











engagement. 
							 


sales. 
							




 


dailies & directories. 
							 


digital. 
							 

we are 
							




we are  more than dailies and directoriesneed a meeting daily or show directory? great! no one produces them better than we do. but we also offer so much more. we are masters at enhancing the meeting experience for your attendees, and experts in driving non-dues revenue. we offer an extensive line of conference publishing products, both printed and digital, as well as a highly skilled advertising and sponsorship sales team with more than 30 years’ experience selling to pharmaceutical and corporate exhibitors. but we are more than a vendor. we are a strategic and creative partner, bringing innovative and fresh solutions tailored to your specific needs.learn moreneed a meeting daily or show directory? great! no one produces them better than we do. but we also offer so much more. we are masters at enhancing the meeting experience for your attendees, and experts in driving non-dues revenue. we offer an extensive line of conference publishing products, both printed and digital, as well as a highly skilled advertising and sponsorship sales team with more than 30 years’ experience selling to pharmaceutical and corporate exhibitors. but we are more than a vendor. we are a strategic and creative partner, bringing innovative and fresh solutions tailored to your specific needs.learn morecontentstrong content builds strong communities. ascend creates a range of tailored print and digital meeting publications that engage attendees and complement and enhance the message and education reflected in your meeting.salesascend has the most tenured sales team in the industry. we are strategic, consultative sellers, with deep relationships with hundreds of exhibitors. we sell advertising and convention center, hotel and citywide sponsorships.strategywe dig deep into your meeting until we understand it, your organization, your constituents, your goals and your challenges. we’ll share industry best practices and develop custom solutions for your meeting.your sales teamsales strategy and expertise are the backbone of ascend media, and what the company was founded on more than 35 years ago. our sales team will become a part of your organization, providing you the revenue to advance your meeting and association goals.







cathleen gorby 
							senior account manager 
							the senior-most salesperson on the ascend medical sales team, cathleen has been selling healthcare industry advertising, sponsorships and exhibit space for ascend since 1989. in her 29 years, she has developed many long-term relationships with key pharmaceutical product managers, and she works with them regularly to brand and promote their products through our clients’ initiatives. her knowledge of the healthcare industry... 
							

 


maureen mauer 
							senior account manager 
							another 29-year veteran of the ascend medical sales team, maureen is an energetic top-producer with an extensive and long-established network in the pharmaceutical/healthcare industry. she provides strategic marketing recommendations to product managers from companies selling drugs, equipment, instrumentation and technology. her knowledge of the inner workings of healthcare organizations is... 
							


 


bridget blaney 
							senior account manager 
							bridget joined ascend in 2006 selling medical advertising in plastic surgery practice magazine. after divesting its magazine division, ascend re-hired bridget to leverage her talent selling event media, sponsorships and exhibit space for our medical association clients. bridget’s magazine background gives her especially strong prospecting skills, as well as the ability to strategically analyze the competition and sell against them. 
							


 


suzee dittberner 
							account manager 
							another long-term ascend sales representative, suzee has been selling for ascend for 22 years. she began selling non-medical meetings, books and magazines, but was quickly promoted to healthcare sales. she has strong relationships with her exhibitors and advertisers, and is known to them as someone who will put their interests first, rather than simply push products on them. 
							


 





meet your teamthe original, still innovatingsince 1982, ascend media has been creating convention publications that support your community and engage attendees with the whole of your meeting.we produce hundreds of projects each year – but not your grandfather’s show daily. today’s modern publications are targeted, snackable and purposefully designed to move attendees through your meeting.
we can do it all – or just a little. from sales and marketing strategies and execution to content creation and production, we can provide as much – or as little – as you need.
working with ascend doesn’t have to be an expense line in your budget. our sales team will grow your revenues to pay for amazing products at your meeting.















 
american academy of dermatology







 
american academy of otolaryngology - head and neck surgery







 
american college of allergy, asthma, and immunology







 
american college of emergency physicians







 
american heart association







 
american heart association/american stroke association







 
american thoracic society







 
imex america




 



    what’s your biggest challenge?we’d love to help you tackle it!let’s talk




contact us+1 913 469 1110info@ascendmedia.comnavigationhomeabout usour teamportfolioservicesclient feedbackinformationlet’s connectprivacy policyterms & conditionsascend media401 sw ward rd, suite 210, lee’s summit, mo 64081©  ascend media, llc. all rights reserved.

homeabout usour teamportfolioservicesnewsclient feedbacklet’s connect
 
 




























