







wesley chapel dentist | dentists in new tamp, lutz, & zephyr hills, fl | wesley chapel dentistry














zacharias j. kalarickal, d.d.s.
call now! (813) 991-5100
wesley chapel dentistry                
		28965 wesley chapel blvd
                wesley chapel, fl  33543












home about us meet dr. zack meet the team serving our community  patient services dentures & partials cosmetic dentistry cosmetic bonding invisalign clear braces porcelain veneers & lumineers teeth whitening smile makeovers  preventative & restorative dentistry athletic mouthguards children's dentistry gum disease therapy nightguards for bruxism oral cancer screenings with velscope sleep apnea/snoring therapy cerec one-visit crowns crown & bridgework tmj therapy root canals tooth-colored fillings  dental implant restorations relieving anxiety technology & amenities soft tissue lasers diagnodent  facial rejuvenation  photo gallery testimonials dear doctor for our patients your first visit financial options & insurance patient forms patient newsletter our team of specialists  faqs contact us 




request an
			appointment


map & directions 

current patient
			login 

   




alumnus of the dawson academy


fellow of the
			international congress
			of oral implantologists


fellow of the
			academy of general dentistry


american academy of
			cosmetic dentistry
			sustaining member


ada member

 


				request an appointment

  

				preferred time
 a.m.    p.m. 

				preferred day of week
mon  tue  wed  thu fri


  






view testimonials


visit our smile gallery


meet dr. zack


	wesley chapel trusts dr. kalarickal for beautiful, healthy smiles!

	welcome to wesley chapel dentistry, where dr. zacharias (zack) kalarickal and our team provide outstanding service and comprehensive preventive dentistry, cosmetic dentistry, and restorative dentistry in a tranquil, spa-inspired setting. the doctor caters to patients with all levels of oral health and works one on one with clients to create lasting smiles.

	a tradition of excellence

dr. kalarickal opened our wesley chapel practice in 2003. since that time, he’s built a solid reputation of delivering innovative dental care with a focus on function and esthetics. he’s earned a loyal following, as well – our patients love him! you deserve a dentist who really listens to your concerns and partners with you to achieve a smile that looks and feels terrific. you’ll find a friend and ally in dr. zack. get ready to be treated like one of the family!

	dedication and focus

	the doctor’s dedication to education is evident in his postgraduate study, the dental associations with which he’s affiliated, and the community organizations to which he gives his time and service. dr. kalarickal has trained at the dawson academy and other esteemed dental institutions. he’s currently working toward accreditation as a sustaining member of the american academy of cosmetic dentistry (aacd). only a small number of dentists in the area achieve this level of status, which requires written and oral exams, and well as clinical case submissions. he’s a fellow in the academy of general dentistry (agd) and a member of other respected organizations that promote dental excellence.



written testimonials



call our wesley chapel, fl dental office today to schedule your appointment with dr. kalarickal. wesley chapel dentistry serves tampa, new tampa, zephyrhills, lutz, and surrounding areas with customized dental care for life-long smiles.





            2012 wesley chapel dentistry
 			site designed and maintained by





home about us  patient services  photo gallery testimonials dear doctor for our patients  faqs contact us 





