

joe sharino band ~ wedding music and corporate entertainment


















 
home page
corporate clients
weddings
song list/listen
the press says
performances
band history
bookings/contact us
photos
new year's eve
add me to email list
 







 




 
 

the joe sharino band has won nineteen best
            band awards in northern california!

the joe sharino band
  won it's most recent (2022) best band award (their 19th)
  when metro magazine's "best of silicon valley"  
  reader's poll  gave the joe
  sharino band the "best band award" again.
  we thank you all for your years of support!
metro magazine commented:
  "“sharino is not just a repeat award hoarder; around here, he's an institution. he got his start moonlighting while a student at san jose state in 1974, built a reputation for high-energy live shows and never missed that broadcasting degree. after almost four decades in the party-music business, if there's a song he hasn't played for the dance floor, maybe it doesn't belong there.” 
and here's what metro wrote in 2010 when we won the award that year: 
  "what sets the joe sharino band apart from other cover bands is charisma, lots of it. they've played weddings, 
  corporate events, fundraisers and festivals of every kind. and audiences have fun, dancing and singing along every second they're onstage. 
  their song list goes into the hundreds, ranging from the 1940s to the present. it's like having a jukebox come to life." 
check out our new page on facebook and post a comment or just say “hi”: 
http://www.facebook.com/pages/the-joe-sharino-band/200760413271155?v=wall.
the joe sharino band is the number one versatile entertainment choice 
            for corporate events, conventions, fundraisers, 
            festivals, wedding receptions or any 
            other party or event! although they are well known in northern california's bay 
            area in places like san francisco, san jose, santa cruz, napa, yosemite, monterey and 
            carmel, they perform all over the united states and always earn rave reviews.
            view what the press says about us
 "the joe sharino band is always our first choice... the best 
            band in the bay area, bar none! four multi-talented musicians that sound 
            like twelve. a sure thing!"
            
rebecca hall ~ the event planner

            "the joe sharino band is always a hit! joe's talent and experience 
            really show -- depending upon the group, he can pick the mix that will get 
            people on the dance floor and keep them dancing. he really knows how to pace 
            the show and keep things rolling."
            
beth cala ~ any event

            why does the band consistently please audiences? they sound great, they're 
incredible singers, with very 
            high energy, they do an incredible variety of music and... they involve the audience. 
            the joe sharino band has an incredible ability to excite a crowd into singing 
            along at the top of their lungs and the dance floor is always full! the band includes a former member of santana and sly and the family stone, 
            plus a songwriter for earth, wind and fire and lee rittenour. a two-man crew 
            operates the sound and stage lighting.
            
            their music is the best of pop, rock, motown, funk, 
            country, disco, r and b, jazz, latin and swing from the last six decades. 
            view our  song list and listen to the band. they always win the audience 
            over! 

the joe sharino band
the joe sharino band includes a female vocalist. we have two excellent female vocalists: alison sharino (joe's multitalented daughter) and marlayna washington.   
            

from left to right: alison sharino, marlayna washington
the joe sharino band can expand from 5 members to 8 members or more. in fact, in 2004, they
announced the formation of the sharino allstars. the sharino allstars is an eight piece sharino band complete with
a full three piece horn section and two female vocalists. for information on the sharino allstars, click here:
booking information.
            



the sharino allstars

the joe sharino band has appeared

at concerts and corporate events 
            all over the u.s. and at such famous spots as the alladin hotel casino, las 
            vegas; hilton hotel casino, las vegas; sahara hotel casino, lake tahoe; 
            sheraton honolulu, world trade center, new york city, state capitol building, sacramento
            california, and an audience of 250,000 people at the us festival in 
            southern california. joe and the band have appeared on showtime and nationally 
            televised news broadcasts on abc and nbc television.
            
in concert with: tom petty and the heartbreakers, kenny loggins, b.b. king, santana, 
              the cars, the kinks, the temptations, kenny loggins, pat benatar, eddie money, the drifters, 
              the o'jays, charlie daniels, america, the rascals, david lindley, harry 
              anderson, the association and b.j. thomas.

at these fairs & festivals: monterey county fair, santa clara county fair, 
            santa cruz county fair, us festival, los gatos strawberry festival, los gatos music in the park, sunnyvale 
            art and wine festival, sunnyvale midweek music madness festival, santa clara art and wine festival, gilroy
 garlic festival, 
            almaden art and wine festival, foster city art and wine festival, campbell prune festival, monterey county strawberry 
            festival, squid festival, los gatos fiesta de artes, celebrate los altos festival, almaden lake festival, 
pops and rocks independence 
            day festival, de anza days festival, san jose firefighters chili cookoff, manteca 
            grape stomp, willow glen founders day festival, willow glen's dancin' on the 
            avenue festival, broccoli festival, artichoke festival, palo alto festival of 
            the arts, newark's music in the grove and many more!
            


the joe sharino band was chosen as the
                  san francisco forty niners official "house band" for the '97-'98 season 
                  and '99-2000 season.
 




            the joe sharino band was very honored to be chosen from over 90 of the bay 
            area's best bands. go niners!!!





 

 
 
 
booking information:
559.658.7712






| 
            home page ||
            corporate clients ||
            weddings ||
            song list ||
            the press says
            |  |
            performance dates ||
            about the band ||
            booking info ||
            photos ||
            new year's eve
            |

sign up for our email list of events 


the joe sharino band ~ copyright © 2000 ~ be. site designs
            





