





all state quarterback school – all-state quarterback school – 30 years teaching great quarterbacks














































 










			skip to content		

all state quarterback school





































contact: terry copacia
  info@quarterbackschool.com











call: 248-709-1029
 










find us: midwest
6993 moscone dr. utica mi 48317










follow us:
	 








twitter
 



youtube
 



instagram
 













































menu

 


home
about us
1-on-1 training
group training
contact us



























over 40 years of training quarterbacks
learn to throw like a pro
learn a proven plan for success 



 











							the finest quarterbacks in the world all utilize similar throwing techniques…
make them part of your throwing motion!						











 



basic footwork, throwing a spiral, and ball handling and footwork fundamentals 







 



footwork agility , 1-3 and play action drops, throwing on the run, accuracy and power 







 



short, medium, and long-range accuracy, back foot throws, quick release, power throws, scramble techniques, change of direction, pocket presence, and defensive recognition 












 







learn more












 







learn more















nfl qb kirk cousins on coach copacia 




 




view kirk cousins full video about working with coach terry copacia – click here!
parents & qb’s – join our team today
connect with the most successful quarterback training school in the usa
receive notifications when coach copacia posts a new terry tip video
it’s easy to join – just use this form >>>>>>> 







to inquire about private or group qb training, use form below: 





 














type of qb training1 on 1 private traininggroup training





qb grade1211109876543























 







 











coach copacia patiently and methodically worked with daniel to improve his mechanics.– coach brad jungling (iowa) 







coach copacia has done an outstanding job with my son chance.– rocky hocker (artesia, new mexico) 







coach copacia was an educator for 30 years and has turned his teaching into producing elite qbs.– john l. sauer, dds (st louis, mo) 











what the parents have to say
 




 








a message for you from coach terry copacia
 




 














 

 

 










 



in 2025 our qb4 off-season program focuses on power, accuracy, footwork and, quick release. experience the most comprehensive elite quarterback training available to quarterbacks at any level. 












coach copacia 



							learn a proven plan for your success from one of the nation’s top developmental quarterback coaches.						






see more












success speaks 



5 nfl quarterbacks attended all-state quarterback school.  






see more












qb4 



							power – accuracy – footwork quick release pillars of great quarterback play.						






see more












off-season group training 



							an opportunity to continue to refine & improve your qb skills using coach copacia’s proven training techniques.						






see more















what the pros say… 












 









 









 













 







 








 














all-state qb school 



for the past 30 years coach copacia and the all-state quarterback school have been training quarterbacks to achieve their full potential. 



 







about coach copaica 



coach copacia’s dedication to high school football and the many student-athletes whose lives he has touched was recognized in 2020 by the michigan high school football coaches hall of fame inducting as one of it’s newest members. 







stats 



15,000+ quarterbacks4,500+ high schoolshis quarterbacks have thrown for over 54,000 yards467+ touchdowns in his 34 year career 







menu 



about us
1-on-1 training
group training
contact us
 











copyright 1993-2025 © terry copacia’s all-state quarterback school 






 





















