       flash gordon md        
flash gordon, m.d.
i'm a primary care physician living and practicing in marin county, ca. my office is at 1000 south eliseo drive, suite 204, in greenbrae - the phone's 415.461.2262. for now, i'm taking new teenage and adult primary care patients. self-paying patients are treated with respect for whatever financial contraints they may currently have.
i focus on several areas: reducing risk of cardiovascular disease; helping patients who need an extra nudge to make those lifestyle changes they know they want to make; providing insight into anxiety disorders, including those disorders that cause people to use unhealthy amounts of mood-altering drugs; and drawing on my years at the haight ashbury free clinic to help me stay connected to teens, young adults, and those who are going through their second childhood . . .




i'm proud to be the founder of hearingeducation and awareness for rockers (h.e.a.r.) along with kathy peck.  



i've served on the national board of directors of doctors ought to care (doc). they've been working onbanning tobacco advertising for decades, and are a pioneer at using humor to fight the tobacco industry.  



previously, i was director of the haight-ashbury free medical clinic's medical   section,where i spent a number of years telling folks about safe sex, among other things.   
 
i also did event medicine with the haight free clinic's  rock medicine section.  



in the past, i was active in emergency medicine, and was director of the emergency residency program at san francisco general hospital (mission emergency). i did my emergency medicine training in downtown detroit, at henry ford hospital.  



i wrote for northern california's citybike magazine for years: my first book,  blood,sweat, and gears: ramblings on   motorcycling and medicine, was a collection of these columns. unfortunately, it's out of print at this time.  
  


my new book is  blood, sweat & 2nd gear: more medicine for motorcyclists. it's available from whitehorse press or from amazon.

i was a columnist for  motorcycle consumer® news, too. many of those columns have been included in bs2g (above).  

i've been online since 1980 or so, when i signed up for the source while living in boston. as far as i know, it doesn't exist anymore (the source, not boston). 



in 1985 i joined the well. i hosted the medical conference, jokes, and men on the well. i also founded and hosted sailing, motorcycling and flying conferences, too. and before the electronic frontier foundation started, i sent john perry barlow's piece about his visit from agent baxter to my friend john gilmore. john (gilmore) says it helped him connect to barlow and to mitch kapor, resulting in the eff. i'm particularly proud to have even a little involvement with such a great organization. 



some things of interest: 


info on sinuses, sore throat, piriformis spasm, poison oak, neck pain, carpal tunnel syndrome, constipation, allergies, and phlegm
my favorite quotes
link rot: my (late 90's?) hotlist 
for laughs and a headache, try to interpret this: ladle rat     rotten hut
you can't read this out loud correctly: english is tough stuff!
some favorite items i sent the late,     wonderful herb caen 



 
