



key west dive charters blue water charters key west diving


























       




the portofino's upgrade
the portofino is currently being remanufactured to 2012 specs by the manufacturer. this new boat will have increased speed, performance, and make it an even softer ride! 

          the portofino is scheduled to relaunch on nov 1, 2012.

















content on this page requires a newer version of adobe flash player.








        dive on the vandenburg in key west!  dive trips and dive charters 
		available today!key west deep sea fishing,
		key west fishing charters, 
		charter fishing,  
		shipwrecks, reef diving,
		spearfishing, wall diving,
night
      diving, nitrox dives,
lobstering, dive the hoyt vandenburge, go sightseeing, weddings, sunset cruises, and underwater photography. location experts for film crews.  blue water charters - fastest charter boat in key west - combo packages available. dive 
		in the morning and fish in the afternoon from the same boat. get more from your key west experience than you ever dreamed - customized trips to remote dive and fishing locations.  
 

		when the "portofino"( 46', 840 h.p. ), leaves the dock from the galleon marina, located in key west, she is fully equipped to handle all of your needs. whether it is 
		diving on the new wreck, the hoyt s. vandenburg,
		deep-sea fishing up to 30 miles offshore, or 
		reef  and wreck 
		fishing up to 10 miles from the dock. fishing gear on board includes 15#, 20# class spinning rods, and  30#, 50#, and 80# class conventional rods, to handle any fish that swims in key west, florida bay or gulfstream waters. 
		species sought can be any of the following, (depending on the time of the year for some species): deep-sea species include mahi-mahi, wahoo, sailfish, tuna, marlin and king mackerel.   reef & wreck species include snappers 
		(mutton, mangrove, yellowtail), groupers (black, red, gag.),  mackerel (king, cero, spanish), sharks (bull, sharpnose, spinner, nurse, bonnet head, hammerhead), barracuda, jacks, and many others too numerous to mention. "fish 
		on !! " is a common phrase on this boat.
 

			      all gear for 
			scuba diving,
			snorkelling, and
			spearfishing is also available. custom dive and / or 
			spearfishing charters are available. sites include wrecks that are located just off the reef and / 
			or the many patch reefs. we can cater to the needs of those divers, who want to go to sites not visited on a regular basis by other dive boats.



			    
			 combination fishing and scuba / snorkel charters can be arranged.

blue water charters - fastest
      charter boat in key west - combo packages available.  dive in the
      morning and fish in the afternoon from the same boat.  get more from
      your key west experience than you ever dreamed - customized trips to
      remote dive and fishing locations - reef, shipwrecks, spearfishing, wall
      diving, night diving, nitrox dives, lobstering, siteseeing, weddings,
      sunset cruises,  and underwater photography.  location experts
      for film crews
try scuba
		learn in the morning and dive in the afternoon  click here

       www.bluewatercharterskeywest.com
info@bluewatercharterskeywest.com
305-304-8888





			florida keys charters

florida keys saltwater fishing guides and salt water 
			charters







 
the scuba diving resource



visit our friends at 


   uncle ducky charters - lake superior charter fishing vacation packages from uncle ducky. vacation packages for: lake michigamee, craig lake state park, lake superior fishing, lake independence and lake michigan charters.







      web design by contact
      the webmaster at wagales@gmail.com
 


 
		









