

mendelweb homepage 97.1







june, 2010: mendelweb has been transferred to a new host 
computer and, after an embarrassing number of years without corrections,
revisions or repairs, the composition of a new edition is finally 
underway. the new contact for questions and comments is now 
rblum at mendelweb dot org, and i apologize if recent 
communications sent to the old netspace address didn't reach me. 
when the new edition is complete there will be a general announcement 
on all the science education lists and websites, but in the meantime
i would be happy to hear suggestions concerning what might make mendelweb
more useful to students and teachers at every level of study. in 
the more than 15 years since mendelweb appeared, the texts, 
exercises, programs and other materials have been used by hundreds 
of thousands of people and by students and faculty in biology courses 
taught all over the world. i hope that the new edition will be as useful 
as the last edition was when it was released (way back) in 1997.
roger b. blumberg
providence, rhode island


edition 97.1 (february 22, 1997)

the current edition of mendelweb is now available at 
www.mendelweb.org. 

i am always happy to receive your comments, suggestions, and corrections.

roger b. blumberg (rblum at mendelweb dot org)




what's new with 97.1 || 
table of contents || 
mendel's paper
essays and commentary ||
mendelweb reference ||
frequently asked questions





"in 1859 i obtained a very fertile descendant with large, tasty seeds
from a first generation hybrid. since in the following year, its
progeny retained the desirable characteristics and were uniform, the
variety was cultivated in our vegetable garden, and many plants were
raised every year up to 1865." 
 (gregor mendel to carl nägeli, april 1867, from mendel [1950])

what is mendelweb?  

mendelweb is an educational resource for teachers and students
interested in the origins of classical genetics, introductory data
analysis, 
elementary plant science, and the history and literature of
science. constructed around gregor mendel's 1865 paper "versuche
über pflanzen-hybriden" and a revised version of the english
translation by c.t. druery and william bateson, 
"experiments in plant hybridization", 
mendelweb is
offered as a public sourcebook and collaborative environment compatible with a variety of
guided and independent studies. for some background and an early description
of the project, you may want to read 
mendelweb: an electronic
science/math/history resource for the www, a short paper prepared
for the 2nd international world wide web conference.

you may wish to use mendelweb as an 
archive for viewing or
downloading different versions and translations of mendel's paper, or as a
source for essays and commentary, 
bibliography and 
reference materials. 
hopefully you will find ways to make use of the english
hypertext as well, with its links to 
glossaries, 
notes, 
discussion 
questions, 
exercises, 
and other sites and documents around the world. 
there is also the mendelroom, accessible at
either the biomoo
or diversity university
(another non-game moo), where you can talk with others
who are also using mendelweb; if you've never used a non-game moo
before, or if you would like to know more about mendelroom, please 
read the mendelweb moo information page.
navigating mendelweb
	
because mendelweb is constructed around primary texts, making your
way around is not very complicated. if you keep in mind the meaning of
the following buttons, you shouldn't waste too much time hopelessly
clicking.



these buttons will always take you to the mendelweb table of
contents.


this button, no matter what its size,  will always send you to this mendelweb homepage.



these buttons will always send you to the linked, hypertext versions
of mendel's original paper and its english translation.



these buttons will always take you to the mendelweb collaborative
hypertext homepage. here you can read and contribute annotations to
both english and german versions of mendel's paper. this is the part of 
mendelweb known as the reader's mendel.

this button will always link you to a table of contents for
both german and english versions of mendel's paper.




mendelweb was conceived and constructed by
roger b. blumberg, and
you can send him mail at roger_blumberg at brown dot edu


***


