













home | lansing airport - lan







        skip to main content
      






















open





close













    flights 
      




    parking & transportation 
      




    at the airport 
          













        at the airport
   





        back to previous menu
      




        services & amenities
   


        fly lansing viewport
   


        security
   


        health & safety
   


        public safety department
   


        visitor pass program
   



"what a great airport! this has been the best experience flying in and out! the workers were all smiling, friendly, helpful, and moved smooth and swift! i highly recommend flying through lansing when possible!"


 



    business 
          













        business
   





        back to previous menu
      




        operations & badging information
   


        port lansing
   


        business opportunities
   


        air cargo
   


        airport documents
   


        economic impact
   


        fly lan first
   


        general & corporate aviation
   


        mason jewett airport
   


        master plan
   


        public safety department
   



"i love the fact that it is small and i have never seen it very "busy." i don't think it has ever taken me more than a minute or two to get through security. all the staff i've interacted with have always been super friendly and helpful. also! they recently remodeled the restaurant area and it is quite nice with a plethora of electrical outlets for all your items."


 



    about 
          













        about
   





        back to previous menu
      




        authority board of directors
   


        environmental commitment
   


        frequently asked questions
   


        news
   


        why fly lan
   


        experience lansing
   


        contact us
   


        careers
   



"i can get anywhere i want to go quickly and conveniently when i fly lan. with direct flights to major hubs, i am just one stop away from over 500+ destinations, all with the convenience of flying lansing!"


 







search







 






welcome to lansing

the capital region international airport (lan) strives to make air travel as simple as possible. as a regional airport, we work hard to create a hassle-free experience for our travelers. whether your journey begins or ends at lan, our goal is to get you on your way as quickly and safely as possible.








        why fly lan
      






        parking & transportation
      






        security
      






        services & amenities
      


 


















your connection to the world
lan provides direct passage to some of the largest airport hubs in the country. from there, you can fly almost anywhere your passport can take you. we also provide seasonal direct flights to popular vacation spots, including international destinations.international (seasonal 2025): cancun, mexico (cun) - monday, wednesday and saturday; punta cana, dominican republic (puj) - thursday and sunday; montego bay, jamaica (mbj) - fridaydomestic: detroit (dtw), chicago (ord), washington, d.c. (dca), orlando (mco), fort myers (rsw)











services & amenities
we're here to serve your needs. whether you’re looking for food and supplies or accessibility assistance, our terminal has the services and amenities you need to feel comfortable and prepared for your journey.



        view all services & amenities
      







wifi





eat





shop





accessibility
 













news and media
there's always new and exciting things happening at lan. stay up to date on the latest news and stories coming out of our airport.

visit news












quarterly connections newsletter dec. 2024
read article






holiday travel tips from lansing airport
read article


 












introducing cata rydz - airport to msu zone!
cata rydz is an on-demand microtransit solution that connects greater lansing’s travelers to the region’s public transportation services and destinations. service between lan and msu travel to and from the capital region international airport and michigan state university with cata rydz seven days a week (4 a.m. to 12 a.m.). service extends across campus and beyond with nine convenient locations. download the cata rydz app to your mobile phone to book your trip.


        learn more!
      













experience lansing
lansing is a vibrant capital city with a community feel. from museums to sports to educational institutions, there’s something for everyone. lan is proud of our community and we’re excited to share it with you.



        learn what lansing has to offer
      































        contact us
  

        port lansing
  

        careers
  

        mid-michigan business travel coalition
   

 



sign up for our newsletter










        follow us on facebook
  




        linkedin
  




        twitter
  




        instagram
   



          website design by gravity works
      
aerial photography by ryan latourette












