








milieux 






















             
          








 






 costume, costuming, alternative fashion, gothic, steampunk, and corset resources









costume

 prosthetics, masks & fx
events
history & research
images. art & design
instructions
miscellany
museums, exhibits
organizations

costuming sources

 prosthetics, masks & fx
arms and armor
books, video, and patterns
footwear & leather
garb
hats & wigs
miscellany
notions, trim & fabric
ornament, metalwork & findings
ready-made costumes & accessories/halloween
recommended reading & patterns
sutlers

gothic / alternative fashion

clothing
corsets
footwear & legwear
hair & makeup
jewelry & adornment
miscellany
petticoats & bloomers


   


milieux custom designs


	search our site




suggest a link

contact milieux

advertise with us

if you like our site, make a donation to keep us operating!








add milieux on facebook!


looking for a hosting provider? 
read more here!





all categories

costume:: prosthetics, masks & fx
costume::events
costume::history & research
costume::images. art & design
costume::instructions
costume::miscellany
costume::museums, exhibits
costume::organizations
costuming sources:: prosthetics, masks & fx
costuming sources::arms and armor
costuming sources::books, video, and patterns
costuming sources::footwear & leather
costuming sources::garb
costuming sources::hats & wigs
costuming sources::mail-order sources
costuming sources::miscellany
costuming sources::notions, trim & fabric
costuming sources::ornament, metalwork & findings
costuming sources::ready-made costumes & accessories/halloween
costuming sources::recommended reading & patterns
costuming sources::sutlers
gothic / alternative fashion::clothing
gothic / alternative fashion::corsets
gothic / alternative fashion::footwear & legwear
gothic / alternative fashion::hair & makeup
gothic / alternative fashion::jewelry & adornment
gothic / alternative fashion::miscellany
gothic / alternative fashion::petticoats & bloomers
sf links::costume





  


welcome to milieux



use the drop down menu to the left to find images, inspiration, research, and tutorials for making it yourself. also find sources for fx, armor, wigs, footwear, and accessories and more. you'll also be able to find great craftspeople that can make things for you. 
i post various finds pertaining to costume and alternative fashion on the milieux page on facebook. if you're interested in upcoming costume related events and sales, the facebook page is the place to find out about them. many of the items on the fb page are not listed on this website since a lot of them are 'one of' occurrences.   if you are interested to see what i found today, please "like" milieuxalternative on facebook. (you'll find the "like" box on the left side of the page) 

    		 	 new links are added based on what we've 
    		 	found, people we've met, and your recommendations.  we've added a link suggestion 
    		  link (on left),
    		 	so you can submit links to use that you've found too. 
    		 	
geek goodies can be found at:  milieux t-shirt shoppe  help support this website by purchasing a great t-shirt!  this site is entirely supported by donations, t-shirt sales, and google ads. if you like this site, please contribute, buy a shirt, or click on an ad so that i can continue to keep this site up.


    		 	if you have any suggestions, corrections or comments, feel free to contact us
 here are my videos of the last 2 shuttle launches for those of you interested.
 i was fortunate to see the very last launch of the american shuttle program.  atlantis (sts-135)  launched on july 8, 2011. my vid is from the visitor center parking lot. 



i watched the launch of sts-134 on monday may 16, 2011 from the nasa causeway. it was my fifth close up launch viewing.  











screenshots by robothumb

© 2025 milieux.com.  all rights reserved.
reuse of information provided on this site is expressly forbidden, and will 
be prosecuted to the full extent of the law.

