


midwest magic























about uscreate an accountvisit uscontact uscategorieslectures & lessonswhat's newhome
tricks, props, etc.booksdvdscd-audio & romartworkjugglingjokes & gagswizards 'n bones 

















search productsitem #:item name:description:author/artist: custom 2





































hold on! midwest magic is moving!
         yup...after over 25 years, we will no longer be in franklin park, il.  in view of this overwhelming undertaking, we will not be accepting orders until our new site is ready.  we hope to be back up to speed as soon as possible, and in the mean time, we appreciate your patience and understanding.  thanks!
                











menu


• create an account




• contact us




• categories




• home

best sellersour most popular items! 




baffling bra

        tr-2205

        this is not for everyone, but can be a lot of fun if presented correctly.  the performer states that he will cause two handkerchiefs that are tied end-for-end to pass through the body of a young lady.  the performer stands behind the lady holding both end

 


        $19.95



  




george b. anderson's lecture notebook

        bk-1348

        if you've read anything by george anderson, you'll jump at the chance to grab his lecture notes.  great mental material for a pittance.

 


        $8.00



 











featured items 




n7 coin set

        tk-0837

        imagine a couple carefully examining two ancient chinese coins, one red and one black.  then they begin to attract each other like magnets and finally merge into one in the hands of the couple.  this is a miracle full of meaning and emotion.  the 

 


        $79.95



 




master class vol. 6--magic & comedy

        dv-3296

        dani daortiz and juan tamariz come together once again, to create a novel work with exclusive and very interesting content for all lovers of magic.  even in the midst of a pandemic, juan and dani have decided to create something 

 


        $34.95



  




open switch w/gimmicks

        dv-3292

        hey guys, this is jason.  many of you have known me for my visual creations like imprint, got change, and lucid dream.  i like visual effects.  my personal goal is to be the real-life harry potter and do magic that drives people crazy just 

 


        $29.95



 




offbeat

        bk-6782

        nick diffatte's first hardbound collection is not jam-packed with oodles of tricks.  what fills its pages are deceptive, engaging, real-world routines devised and developed by one of the hardest-working, laugh-provoking, multi-talented performers

 


        $54.95



  




stone cold mental

        bk-6786

        i really admire jeff stone's approach to mentalism.  his effects are not only especially powerful, but also clear and undeniable.  and his presentations [in stone cold mental] provide strong theatrical themes, while leaving plenty of room for 



 


        $24.95



 




focuz

        tk-0824

        any card is selected and is initialized on its back by the spectator.  the card is shuffled back into the deck.  next, a blank-faced card with a hole in its center is shown and placed on top of the deck - the top card can be clearly seen 

 


        $34.95



 

















































powered by inetguys, inc

