
   home - lobster shop            
skip to main contentjoin us for happy hour! view menu




menu
lunch
dinner
beverage
dessert
happy hour
fresh sheet
kids

reservations
private dining
gift cards
contact




lobster shopcelebrate valentine's at
lobster shopfebruary 13 - 16

learn more	
stunning waterfront viewsof commencement bay

reserve table	
plan your party

book private room	
iconic lobster dishes& classic seafood preparations

view menu	
seasonal cocktails

view menu 
perfect date nightfeaturing prime dry-aged steaks

view menu	
progressive oyster happy hour$2 oysters starting at 3pm

view menu	
fresh pnw seafood

view menu	

celebrate valentine's at lobster shopfebruary 13 – 16this valentine’s, celebrate the romance of the sea. enjoy our exclusive 4-course valentine’s dinner menu paired with wines to complement each dish.learn more
connect with usjoin us to receive special promotions and be the first to hear about exclusive offers.  
email*
 









  
sip, cycle repeat: cheers to a sustainable futurediscover the power of sustainable partnerships with us as we proudly collaborate with the recork recycling program. at the heart of our alliance lies the shared commitment to a greener, more eco-conscious future. we take natural wine corks and hand them over to recork, who works their magic by expertly grinding them down. these corks become an integral part of the post-consumer recycling stream. learn more about our partnership and the positive impact it creates!
about ustacoma’s premier waterfront restaurant, the lobster shop, located on commencement bay, is a decades-long mainstay of the local dining scene. since opening in 1981, loyal guests return year after year for the friendly, knowledgeable service and the unbeatable views of mount rainier and the olympics from every table. the seaside restaurant serves patrons fresh pacific northwest seafood, prime dry-aged steaks, and iconic lobster dishes alongside incredible wines and cocktails.




reservationscall us at 253.759.2165 or reserve online.
4015 ruston way
tacoma, wa 98402contact ushourslunch
daily: 11am – 3pmdinner
mon–fri: 4pm – 10pm
sat–sun: 3pm – 10pm

happy hour
mon–fri: 3pm – 6pm in the bar/lounge onlycareerswe are always looking for talented individuals to join our team. apply today!
valentine’s at
lobster shopfebruary 13 – 16
celebrate the romance of the sea with our exclusive valentine’s dinner menu paired with wines to complement each dish.
learn more
reserve a table                  