


motion design - stash - welcome to the planet’s largest online library of animation, vfx and motion design. : motion design – stash






































































 


































permanent collection





free trial
subscribe

submit
about
shop
jobs
events
sign in
















permanent collection
free trial
subscribe
submit
about
shop
jobs
events

sign in



username





password


forgot?


sign in
















floating point art blaze “a trail to zero” for giant group
the design and motion team at floating point art in taipei craft a convincing case for giant’s on-going commitment to reducing the carbon footprint of their bicycles with this full-cg brand film. [watch]











offbeat estudio pictures patient hope for gsk and hearst
with a series of carefully composed minimalist illustrations, madrid’s offbeat estudio delivers a hopeful message about cancer for a collaboration between pharmaceutical brand gsk and media giant hearst. [watch]





sos in bel air x brthr unleash music video madness for louis vuitton x murakami
creative house sos in bel air and directing duo brthr team with tokyo studio buddha inc., and vfx studio televisor on this mad music video for louis vuitton starring hip-hop artist jp the wavy and artist takashi murakami. [watch]





welcome to futureproof25, the motion design conference at ringling college (mar. 03-07)
the annual futureproof motion design conference includes industry presentations, workshops, technical demos, and activities curated to ensure the seamless transition of ringling college students from classroom to career.  [watch]





cobb studio unfolds on-air branding for thelife2 channel
the motion team at cobb studio in seoul, whose manic action-comedy spin for axn you can watch here, strikes a much calmer tone in this on-air rebrand work for south korean lifestyle channel thelife2. [watch]






dom&nic and the mill go a little nuts for škoda
with a series of charming animal metaphors, outsider directors dom&nic and the mill creature teams in london and bangalore showcase the features of the new škoda elroq ev in this all-cg campaign thru fcb london. [watch]





fighting for fauna: johnny kelly helps launch humane world for animals rebrand
the stop-motion and narrative talents of nexus director johnny kelly are on full display in this rousing spot announcing the rebrand of the humane society as humane world for animals. [watch]





futuredeluxe go “behind the design” of powerbeats pro 2
cd raj davsi and the design team at futuredeluxe spin cg, live-action, and 2d motion graphics into a tight three-minute opus showcasing the updated features and benefits of the powerbeats pro 2 fitness headphones. [watch]





rhymes with orange: clim studio delivers for amazon
barcelona’s clim studio, whose delightful roger & gallet films we featured in stash 166, delivers more clean and clever cg work here in a sweeping global social for campaign for amazon.  [watch]





listen to your heart: julien & quentin, blacksmith, and rza for powerbeats pro 2
french directing duo julien & quentin and nyc vfx shop blacksmith wrap lebron james, lionel messi, and shohei ohtani into an exhilarating epic highlighting the heart rate monitoring feature of the powerbeats pro 2 earbuds. [watch]





faux soleil open “devil may cry” series on netflix
working with south korean prodco studio mir, eddy directing duo faux soleil and paris animation house brunch studio craft a frenetic head credit sequence for the netflix series adaptation of capcom’s devil may cry game. [watch]





andy martin keeps it loose for divvy in “nobody’s anyone” music video
uk director/animator andy martin, whose charming character work we feature here, takes the exit into graphically rougher territory with this music video for divvy, mixing urgent typography and freestyle dance moves.  [watch]





builders club and accenture song get to the point with chatgpt “the intelligence age”
following closely on their recent brand refresh, openai debuted its first tv spot at super bowl lix with this motion work by builders club thru agency accenture song, exploring the possibilities of ai.  [watch]





the wisdom of forgotten androids: watch aleem hossain’s new sci-fi short film
screenwriter/director/educator aleem hossain, whose award-winning sci-fi feature after we leave streams on amazon, turns his narrative skills to a philosophical short film starring forgotten androids. [watch]





joe taylor dreams up a cosmic zoom for procreate
joe taylor, a british animator/illustrator based in berlin and signed to the nomint roster, brings his signature psychedelic animation style to a branded content commission for digital art app procreate. [watch]



123456789...325» 










featured on stashjobssenior motion designersuperduperunited kingdom / full time / remotesenior motion designersquarespacenew york / full time / hybridproducer/editorred bull media housenew york / full timesenior animatordiscordsan francisco or remote u.s. / full timesenior motion designer - the heistthinkingboxvancouver / full time 




















partner events and awardsthe inboxdirector matt bussmann joins sibling films rosterfebruary 18, 2025stephen goalby joins parliament as creative director and head of designfebruary 14, 2025reel of the month: tendril industrial design 2025february 13, 2025versus signs with rotholz reps for east coast commercial representationfebruary 11, 2025cutters studios expands roster with editor kate owenfebruary 6, 2025jack cunningham & nicolas menard join forces as eastend westernfebruary 4, 2025stop-motion director hoji tsuchiya joins nomint rosterjanuary 31, 2025director/writer audrey ellis fox joins fela for north american representationjanuary 30, 2025biscuit filmworks signs filmmaker jackie baojanuary 30, 2025jake dyson signs to common people rosterjanuary 29, 2025director x returns to m ss ng p eces rosterjanuary 28, 2025covert continues us expansion with 104 nickels signingjanuary 28, 2025corina capuano joins makine as chief brand officerjanuary 27, 2025david edelstein joins versus as ep and director of brand partnershipsjanuary 24, 20259ifx welcomes matthew thunell as ep and vp of business development & strategyjanuary 23, 2025 
 

view all inbox posts

 



















submit
about
privacy
contact


instagram
twitter
vimeo
facebook


copyright © 2025 stash media, inc.













