






















«【 best gym flooring 】» rubber flooring solutions by pavigym





























































skip links skip to primary navigation skip to content



english 


italianofrançaisdeutschespañol 







toggle navigation





 



 

gym flooring 

flooring guide
flooring for 

strength and free weights
cardio/cycling
group-x
functional flooring
traffic areas
physiotherapy
outdoor area


pavigym products 

functional
extreme
extreme s&s
endurance
endurance s&s
weightlifting
performance+
motion
turf
comfortgym mats
traffic
traffic clic system


case studies
pavibasic products


acoustic 

bigjag 

case studies


acoustic layers

why acoustic
acoustic by absorption
acoustic by area
case studies




prama 

why prama
how does it work?
what is prama?
programmes
prama home fitness
prama case studies
business support


bootiq
wexo
blog
services 

services
concept and design
installation support
cleaning and maintenance
after sales support


pavigym 

we are pavigym
what we do
life at pavigym
join the team
events

fibo


pavigym in the media
my courses


sustainability
contact







search for:













high quality gym flooring solutions adapted to your needs.
a new approach of gym flooring: the best performance and design.


see flooring guide






a powerful partnership 
							
view 
							crossfit® chooses pavigym as its official flooring partner in europe. 
							 


the 1st acoustic flooring solution in a single compact tile 



view 
							 


our full range of insulation layers to choose from and overlay. 
							
view 
							maximum customisation to suit your specific acoustic requirements. add as many layers as you need. possibility to choose any flooring solution on top. 
							 


those are the numbers you contribute to a more sustainable planet when choosing pavigym as your sport flooring supplier.
want to learn more?
the most sustainable fitness flooring.
294 trees per day.
107.500 trees per year.
installing pavigym equals planting

 





high quality gym flooring range


pavigym floors are impermeable non-porous virgin rubber, antibacterial and easy to clean. considered among the most hygienic on the market, they also prevent the accumulation of bad odours.




 

	aerobic & group - x flooring 



aerobic & group-x areas fitness gym
flooring fitness flooring designed with virgin rubber and created for all kinds of group fitness activities involving high mobility and the use of small accessories.



 

	cardio & cycling flooring 



flooring for cardio & cycling cardio flooring solutions rubber gym flooring perfect for treadmills, rowers, exercise bikes, or any kind of cardio machines due to its high resistance and antislip characteristics.



 

	strength & free weight flooring 



strength areas & free weight strength areas solutions high resistance gym flooring for medium load free weights.



 

	cross & free weight flooring 



free weight & cross training cross & free weight flooring extra impact absorbant gym flooring range that reduces noise and vibrations from heavy duty training.



 

	turf flooring 



heavy duty & functional fitness gym
flooring high density artificial grass with a comfortable, natural, feel for indoor & outdoor training.



 

	flooring for traffic areas 



flooring for transit areas corridors & cafeterias areas highly resistant vinyl flooring for intense traffic areas.



 

	kids flooring 



flooring for kids kids flooring solutions flooring for children creatively designed for specific areas in fitness studios and gyms.




prama.


redefining exercise. immersive interactive fitness.

play 




your partner from a to z



looking to install a new fitness area? is your gym flooring outdated? choosing the correct fitness room flooring for your fitness facility is vitally important. the flooring you choose has a huge impact on your overall success, as well as being able to reduce noise and the risk of damage and injuries. pavigym gym flooring also offers an alternative to the unhygienic, dirty old gyms of the past. so say hello to your new, vibrant studio built on a floor that offers a grippy surface, anti-odour material, vibration absorption, great aesthetics, noise reduction and hygiene.






we are customer centric. we’re proud to say we have installed pavigym gym flooring in some of the leading sporting facilities across the world, including david lloyd, virgin active, fitness first, satselixia, anytime fitness, and many more. as exercise is a topic close to our hearts, we aim to take the world of fitness by storm, putting the fun back into workouts and the creating communities based around sport.






design your perfect gym floor. we don’t want you to settle for dull and boring. we’ll help you create a lively gym studio that lures your clients in. we take utter pride in our designs, so if you’re stuck for ideas or have a rough idea of what you want in your ideal gym studio, feel free to get in touch and our design experts will create your perfect fitness studio for you. sit back, relax, and let us do the work. with over 55 years of experience in the fitness industry, we have researched, tested and perfected our products to achieve the optimal solution for every necessity.


pavigym blog


check our our latest news and releases!


     tags sustainability  why virgin rubber flooring for sport spaces is the smart choice  3 december, 2024author pavigym         tags product  how technology like bootiq can transform the rehabilitation process  19 november, 2024author pavigym         tags fitness  reducing noise with advanced acoustic solutions for urban gyms  29 october, 2024author pavigym         tags product  pavigym rebuilt for smart and greener production: a new chapter in innovation and sustainability  24 october, 2024author pavigym    our story


pavigym is the premier innovator of gym flooring and interactive solutions for the global fitness industry. known for revolutionary gym flooring solutions and the ground-breaking prama system, pavigym prides itself on engineering the best workout experiences for all audiences.
a team of over 120 fitness enthusiasts based out of pavigym’s headquarters in alicante, spain, 6 running satellite offices across the globe, and 65 distributors providing services in 93 countries, all work together to:
provide the best combination of performance gym flooring, interactive technology, inspiring designs, and ready-to-use programming, so that whomever the end user may be [bodytype, age and level], the experience is wholly engaging and feels as intuitive as child’ s play.
our aim is to protect facilities from installing the wrong flooring in the wrong areas. what do we mean? helping you to choose fit-for-purpose gym flooring that also matches the look and feel of your brand and desired user experience. more specifically, it’s about understanding the reasons for using appropriate flooring in your most technical areas – that’s what we’re big on. we can work with you to create standout areas in isolation, or we can utilise a combination of flooring types and our expertise to offer recommendations to help maximise durability, sound-proofing, impact-absorption and grip. to top it all off, you can add economies of scale, a single point of purchase and our installations team into the mix too!




our aim is to protect facilities from installing the wrong flooring in the wrong areas. what do we mean? helping you to choose fit-for-purpose gym flooring that also matches the look and feel of your brand and desired user experience. more specifically, it’s about understanding the reasons for using appropriate flooring in your most technical areas – that’s what we’re big on. we can work with you to create standout areas in isolation, or we can utilise a combination of flooring types and our expertise to offer recommendations to help maximise durability, sound-proofing, impact-absorption and grip. to top it all off, you can add economies of scale, a single point of purchase and our installations team into the mix too!




	read our story	

who is talking about our gym flooring?


pavigym in the media.







 



acousticwhy acoustic
acoustic by absorption
acoustic flooring solution
bigjag
case studies acoustic

interactive fitnesswhy prama
how does it work?
what is prama
programmes
prama case studies
prama home
business support

flooring forstrength and free weights
group-x
cardio/cycling
functional flooring
traffic areas
physiotherapy

other areasservices
sustainability
after sales support
faq
distributors area
quality policy and environmental management
certificates
press assets
contact

ivaceinpyme 2024
provisional list of inpyme 2024 companies
aid for the promotion of the valencian community abroad
document management system
expansion of production capacity
sme innovation project
telework support
telework support 2
digitalization project
external promotion aid 2022







especialistas en suelo para gimnasio - pavigym.com
 © copyright 1963-2022. all rights reserved.






privacy policy
legal
rubber gym flooring
cookie policy (eu)















































