


medtronic – contact form - eu
















you are entering hcp content only
please note that you are now entering content intended only for healthcare professionals.
are you a hcp?


no, i am not a hcp


yes, i am a hcp






















contact


we are happy to hear that you want to learn more about our products. you can sign up below to be contacted by a sales representative or receive emails about product updates and marketing content.























































































your feedback





please could you give a rating for the support provided by the covidien-medtronic trainer(s) at the laboratory (hands-on session):*



poor






fair






good






excellent






i did not register for the practical sessions














your details


please fill in required fields (*)

email address*







it looks like you already have a profile with us. to save you time and to protect your data, we'll use your profile to fill in your personal details.




first name*






last name*






job role*





לצורכי נוחות, החלק הבא נכתב בלשון זכר אבל מתייחס לכל המגדרים



job speciality*








hospital*






country*









state






post code/zip code*







your message






how should we contact you?


please choose at least one form of contact
please select to be contacted by a medtronic representative either by email or phone, or we will be unable to contact you.



i would like to be contacted by a medtronic representative*



yes






no












i would like to be contact by*



email






phone












phone number*











would you like to stay updated and receive medtronic emails?


about the latest products, technologies and services*



yes






no








about educational and clinical information*



yes






no









selecting “no” to marketing emails above will not affect your other email selections, and a medtronic representative will still reach out via email, if selected
 your personal data will be used to manage your relationship with medtronic, and, if you consent, to provide you with relevant email updates based on your user preferences. you can opt-out of receiving such emails at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the relevant email. medtronic may use pixels and other technologies in emails to gather statistics around email opening and clicks, to help us improve our communications and to provide you with relevant content. for more information, see the privacy statement.
                                                    






which products should we contact you about?






you selected 
                                                         
                                                        items in 
                                                         
                                                        category 
                                                        



please select at least one product
view full list of products



close list



















kişisel verilerimin gizlilik beyanı’nda belirtilen amaçlarla işlenmesine rıza veriyorum.*











kişisel verilerimin gerekli hallerde  gizlilik beyanı’nda belirtilen amaçlarla yurtdışına aktarılmasına rıza veriyorum.*












i am happy to receive surveys from medtronic regarding my customer experience








your information will be protected in accordance with our privacy statement.
   
you can always change your preferences and update your personal details by visiting the preference center










honeypotfield html name



address1


































 





