








turtle creek golf course - limerick, pa







































303 w. ridge pikelimerick, pa 19468
call us today (610) 489-5133


book tee time turtle club
  












the coursecourse informationturtle historycourse architectcourse ratesstats and scorecardevent calendarlost and foundtee timesgallerypicture galleryvideo gallerysuper picsdonationswaltz golf farmemployment
careersonline applicationoutings & cateringouting information formcatering selectionscontactcontact informationdirections & map"turtle" linkssite map







































book

a tee time







course

rates & fees







join

our turtle club







waltz

golf farm






book a tee timecourse ratesturtle clubwaltz golf farmcontact usdirections & map









welcome to
turtle creek golf course
















					play the turtle			


turtle creek golf course has been given 4 1/2 stars by golf digest best places to play!over 6000 courses in north america were evaluated and turtle creek was one of only 2 courses in the area to receive this honor!
golf digest says:- this track has "the best turf of any course in the northeast," according to one reader. - turtle creek is a "challenging course" with "great fairways" and "huge greens." - it's a "course any golfer would enjoy playing." - "playable for the average golfer. 




latest news
turtle creek golf course is proud to offer the area's only 12 minute tee time.
your round is important to us and our 12 minute separation helps you enjoy it to the fullest!
senior rates $48
no more coupons!!
our set senior rate is now only $48
(m-f until 2pm)60 yrs+ with valid id
paper coupons no longer accepted!
sorry, no additional discount to our set $48 rate!
 
upcoming eventsview full calendar
four and a half stars!











the coursetee timesgallerydonationswaltz golf farmemployment
outings & cateringcontact






© 2021 turtle creek golf course | 303 w. ridge pike | limerick, pa 19468 | tel: (610) 489-5133 | this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it.designed and hosted by 121 marketing








the coursecourse informationturtle historycourse architectcourse ratesstats and scorecardevent calendarlost and foundtee timesgallerypicture galleryvideo gallerysuper picsdonationswaltz golf farmemployment
careersonline applicationoutings & cateringouting information formcatering selectionscontactcontact informationdirections & map"turtle" linkssite map





×



closed for the winter


we hope everyone is enjoying the cold weather!
 
turtle creek will be closed until march 1st weather permitting. 
please check back as we get closer to march for any updates and information as we roll into the 2025 season!  




