





play video poker slots online




















menu



welcome to play video poker slots.com
this site provides information on video slots and video poker

there are a number of gaming software providers, all of which certainly offer their own brand of unique slots, video poker and other known casino games, but unfortunately  not all welcome usa players.
play video poker slots aim is to source information on all  casino games that are available to players worldwide, and our focus will primarily  be on video poker and video slots.  our  choice of casino’s for reviews are based on  the fact that we can openly  recommend these casinos due to long term association with them, both directly and indirectly.
it is very difficult to single out one particular software  provider over the other as each one carries their own unique niche in the  gaming world.  like most things in life,  people differ with their likes and dislikes, but we can say without a shadow of  doubt that the ones we have chosen that accept players from all corners of the  world will in one way or the other satisfy your gaming needs and provide great  entertainment.
multi-strike video poker
multi-strike video poker is one of the latest poker games devised - with a twist. multi-strike poker is a clever video poker based game with four levels of hands, each worth twice as much as the last. however the player must keep winning to advance in levels,  use our detailed strategy to gain an advantage when playing this game. read about multistrike video poker now!
how to choose an online casino
learn the ins and outs of choosing an online casino. find out what to look for before you gamble online. a few simple tips can keep your money safe and keep you ahead of the game. we would also recommend that you read through our reviews. these reviews are updated on a regular basis for your convenience, and will give you not only the background to the actual casino, but also what they have to offer as incentives in the way of bonuses.
aladdin's gold online casino
aladdin’s gold casino brings to you in a state of animation the most realistic experience with cutting edge technology.
the customer service provided is of the highest calibre with one aim which is to make sure that you the players received the best gaming experience.
casino slots online
find and play online versions of your favorite casino slot machines. locate the online casinos that are currently offering online versions of the most popular land-based casino slots. learn about the online games that are available to the savvy slot player.
play slots online - beginner's guide to playing online slots
entry level guide for novice online slot players. read about the similarities and differences between casino slots and online slots and get the information you need in order to play slots online. try our free, no download (flash) slots and learn about the different types of online slots and slot machine software.
wheel of fortune slots online
read about the online version of the world's most popular slot machine. see which online casinos offer this game and read a detailed review that discusses the similarities, as well as the differences, between the online and casino versions of this slot machine.
slots and video poker at a casino online
you should never settle for one of these two only.online video poker and slots are great fun and now that tournaments are being offered by casinos, you should definitely get your hands on. some great new games are about to come out soon.
red white and blue slots online
although play video poker slots focuses, primarily, on the new online video slots, we have recently uncovered an online version of this traditional, three reel mechanical slot. click the link above to read more about this new online slot machine.
cleopatra slots online
one of the most visually stunning and sophisticated of the new breed of online video slots, cleopatra appeals to both online, as well as brick-and-mortar casino players, due to its overall similarities to the casino slot machine of the same name.

frequently asked questions (faqs)
q: what are some advantages to playing slots and video poker online as opposed to playing these games in a land based casino?
a:online casinos do not have the overheads of their land-based counterparts. there is not as much personnel required to operate an internet casino and as a result, the overall payouts from the games offered online are considerably higher than those found at brick-and-mortar casinos. consider the typical monthly payout percentages for all slots games in atlantic city. now, using these figures the average payouts across all slot games offered in atlantic city is 91.2%. compare these figures to any of the casinos advertised here on play video poker slots, which have a cumulative average payout of 98.6% across all slots and video poker games.

q: so many sites advertise so many different online casinos, how do i know which ones to trust?
a: the purpose of many of these sites is to, precisely, inform their visitors of the multitude of online casinos available, to provide reviews, in some cases, and basically to present a 'complete picture' of the landscape of online casinos. it is difficult to determine which online casinos, be it euro casinos, rands casinos or dollar casinos, presented by these sites are honest, which casinos are still in operation and which games are offered by the various online casinos presented or reviewed by those websites. contrast this with the purpose of play video poker slots, which is to provide free casino slots and video poker games online for our visitors to play, while keeping a focus on the most popular land based casino games to be offered on the internet. since our mission has to do with providing free games, as well as strategy advice, the online casinos with which play video poker slots is affiliated are the handful of casinos that provide the games and information required by our visitors. by working with only a handful of online gaming operators, our site is able to ensure the honesty and integrity of each online casino or poker room with which we do business. you will never see more than six or seven online casinos advertised on play video poker slots. we present only the best and this is easy to do because our purpose is not to present every available online casino, but to provide the free games that our visitors enjoy.

q: why can't i find some of my favorite casino slot machines online?
a: the makers of many of the most popular casino games have licensed the game's name and concept. it costs a lot of money to acquire the licensing to offer these games online and, as a result, online casinos do not offer exact duplicates of these slot machine games. the internet casinos, do however, offer many similar games, albeit with a slightly different look and, often a different name.

q: so how do i figure out which of my favorite slots have similar online versions?
a: play video poker slots is going to begin offering a monthly column where we feature the latest and most popular casino slots and their most likely online versions.
we have already featured texas tea online slots, and blazing sevens as two popular land-based slots games that currently have online versions and in the coming months, we will present likely online candidates for wheel of fortune, i dream of jeanie and jeopardy, just to name a few.

q: when i click the 'download now' buttons on some of your free slot games, i am taken to an online casino instead of being able to download the game. why?
a: while it is the mission of play video poker slots to offer as many free, no download slots and video poker games as possible, not all games can be offered for free from our site at this time. in such cases, it is usually necessary to download the online casino software for the casino that is providing a particular slot or video poker game and then to select or play the game from the casino site. this most often occurs with the newest slots available online, as well as some of the popular online progressive slot machines.
note that, when you play video poker online, or any other game for that matter, it is best to first play your games such as free video poker games (in fun mode) before trying it for real. this will allow you to be prepared for the game and to take advantage of all the features.






play slots online
 

 


 


 




 





