


























freerub | free massage via massage exchange























menu













					login				





home


login


password/username reminder


pricing


privacy policy


terms of service


contact


en

 















like massage?wish it were free?now it is!
freerub.com is a dedicated social network of 89153 massage enthusiasts looking for massage partners with whom they can exchange massage. you rub my back, i'll rub yours. it's as simple as that!
registration is simple and free.we welcome beginners, enthusiasts and professionals equally.finding one or more massage partners will save you $1000s in professional massage fees over the term of your membership. 



learn more 








register for free!
 



country:usa
canada
australia
new zealand
uk
username:
password:
e-mail address:
re-enter email address:
 i confirm that i have read and accept freerub.com's terms of service  and  privacy policy 
next




terms of service

×
close



welcome to freerub.com or 'the site', a service provided by web geek enterprises ltd. you must read and agree to these terms of service before you register as a user ('member' or 'user'). please read them carefully. this agreement is subject to change at any time, and changes are effective upon posting. bookmark this page and check it frequently as it is up to you to refer to this page for any amendments/changes to the original agreement. however you will also be notified by site based posting or email when changes are made. these terms of service constitute the contract between the site and you the user.
declaration. it is possible that other freerub.com members or users (including unauthorized users, or 'hackers') may post or transmit offensive or obscene materials on the site and that you may be involuntarily exposed to such offensive and obscene materials. it also is possible for others to obtain personal information about you due to your use of the service, and that the recipient may use such information to harass or injure you. the site is not responsible for the use of any personal information that you may choose to disclose on the service. please carefully select the type of information that you post on the site or release to others.
eligibility. you must be eighteen or over to register as a member of or use this site. membership in the service is void where prohibited. by using and/or viewing this site, you represent and warrant that you have the right, authority, and capacity to enter into this agreement and to abide by all of its terms of service and that you are at least 18-years old or you are at least the age of majority where the territory in which you reside has a age of majority more than 18.
disruptions. this site may have the service it provides disrupted for many varying reasons. on such occasions remedy will be made as laid out in the fees/termination clause of this contract.
massage. it is possible through the improper use and practice of massage to cause temporary and/or permanent bodily injury. users of this site are not vetted for competency to practice massage of any type and as a user you accept that you may sustain injury when participating in massage practices with another site user. by engaging in massage practices with any other site user you accept that you have been satisfied that that person is competent to carry on such practices. you further accept that except in case of malicious intent or deception by any other site user you will not hold liable that user for any injuries you sustain by them.
massage exchange. your agreement to exchange massage with any other site user is an agreement between that user and you and as such is a separate contract from this one in terms of contract fulfilment. you are advised to satisfy yourself that the terms under which you individually agree to exchange massage with each other site user are acceptable to you. you agree that should there be any dispute between you and another user, you accept that freerub.com is not liable in any way. where another site user has failed on their agreement with you, you should advise freerub.com by emailing us at admin@freerub.com with the details, in order that we can properly maintain good and proper use of this site.
fees/termination. freerub.com's usage and/or subscription fees were provided to you upon registration and may change from time to time. if changes do occur, your subscription current at that time will remain valid until its expiry. the site reserves the right to terminate your access to the site for any reason or no reason. the site may terminate your membership upon sending notice to you at the email address you provide in your membership registration or such other email address as you may later provide to us. if freerub | free massage via massage exchange terminates your membership to the site's service because you have breached this agreement, you will not be entitled to any refund of any unused subscription fees. even after this agreement is terminated, parts relevant to the protection of the site's members, the site's commercial integrity and the site's general protection, of this agreement remain effective. the services of a paid membership include access to members' full profile's and access to the site's internal messaging tool. on first access to the site after an upgrade you agree that the services of the site have been rendered and cannot be returned in the same condition as provided and as such are not refundable. after payment for an upgrade you have 14 days to cancel and request a refund where you have not subsequently accessed the site. where the service provided by the site is withdrawn or unavailable temporarily to members as a result of site based error, downed hosting, infection by virus or the like etc, in which case members will be credited with the proportional amount of time to their subscription periods for the time during which the site was not fully operable. time periods will be rounded up to the full day. if the majority of the services provided by the site are permanently withdrawn you will be due a credit equal to the amount paid for the current subscription period less the amount that would have been paid for the expired portion of that subscriptions period.
guaranteed partnership memberships. some membership upgrade options may be advertised specifically as being 'guarenteed partnership memberships'. these upgrade options are each provided with their own number of guaranteed partnerships. a partnership is defined as a massage exchange on at least one occasion with a member or the exchange of external contact details (email addresses, telephone numbers addresses etc) with another member. multiple exchanges with the same member are defined as one partnership. massage exchanges do require the exchange of contact details for practical reasons, sometimes arrangement for the exchange fails. the site is not able to monitor such failures and the member accepts this. any provision of external contact information will therefore also be considered as a successful partnership with that member. if you are not successful in finding the defined number of partnerships within the period of the upgraded membership you may apply via the site's contact us page for an upgrade extension. such applications may be made up to 31 days after the expiry of the current upgraded period. an email will be sent (receipt can not be guaranteed) as advise that your paid period is has ended but members are required to monitor the expiry status of their accounts for themselves. the site's admin will then review your internal messages to see if an extension is warranted and will apply extra time to your paid period so far as is needed for the fulfilment of the partnership guarantee in force. reapplications for upgrade extensions may be made as is necessary.
non commercial use by members. the website is for the personal use of individual members only and may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavours, except where the member has purchased a commercial membership. organizations, companies, and/or businesses may not become members and should not use the service or the website for any purpose. illegal and/or unauthorized uses of the website, including collecting usernames and/or email addresses of members by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited email and unauthorized framing of or linking to the website will be investigated, and appropriate legal action will be taken, including without limitation, civil, criminal, and injunctive redress.
monitoring. we reserve the right to monitor all communications sent from or received within the site for all reasonable administrative purposes. if the site so wishes it may remove any content for reason including but limited to a breach of this agreement.
content provided by you. by posting content to any area of the site accessible to users in general, you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to the site an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, fully paid, worldwide license to use, copy, perform, display, and distribute such information and content and to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works, such information and content, and to grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing. if you are not a subscribed user of the site you will not attempt to provide to other users any of your contact details which would allow contact outside of the site. such details including but limited to; email address, street addresses, telephone numbers, urls and names.
proprietary rights in content on freerub.com. the site owns and retains all proprietary rights in the site and the service. the site contains the copyrighted material, impending trademarks, and other proprietary information of the site, and its licensors. including information which is in the public domain, you may not copy, modify, publish, transmit, distribute, perform, display, or sell any such proprietary information, unless you have been given specific written permission.
content sharing. all content including but not limited to photos, personal information, profile information, preferences and messages provided by the member shall be shared with other massage exchange partner sites. members found on this site may have originally registered via at other massage exchange partner sites.
message limits. in order to reduce spam, message limits will be imposed and could change from time to time. the minimum number of messages allowed per day will be 20.
restrictions and limitations. you will not use the site to:-
			
				a) forward chain letters
				b) infringe the privacy rights, property rights, or any other rights of any person
				c) distribute, promote or otherwise publish any material containing any solicitation for funds, advertising or solicitation for goods or services
				d) distribute or up load any virus, trojan horses or do anything else that might cause harm to the site whether intention or not
				e) post messages, pictures or recordings or use the service in any way which:
				i) violates, plagiarizes or infringes upon the rights of any third party, including but not limited to any copyright or trade-mark law, privacy or other personal or proprietary rights, or
				ii) is fraudulent or otherwise unlawful or violates any law.
				f) upload to the site or distribute to any other member(s) any content which may reasonably be considered as offensive, abrasive, belligerent or containing explicit nudity.

g) offer or solict sexual activity.
				g) upload content to your profile providing methods for communication outside of the site.

indemnity by member. you will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless freerub.com, inc., its officers, directors, employees, agents and third parties, for any losses, costs, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) relating to or arising out of your use of the freerub.com service including the actual exchange of massage and including any breach by you of the terms of this agreement.
account status. your account will considered as 'active' until: a) you cancel it b) (eu, uk and switzerland only) 6 months after we have established that we can no longer contact you by email and you have not logged in and you have never upgraded your account. the personal information of inactive accounts will be removed within 30 days. accounts blocked for reasons of violation of these terms of service or for association with possible payment fraud will not be removed to allow for the possibility of legal investigation.
complaints. to resolve a complaint regarding the site, you should first contact customer support via the site's contact page.
other. this agreement, accepted upon use of the site and further affirmed by becoming a member of the site, contains the entire agreement between you and freerub.com regarding the use of the site. if any provision of this agreement is held invalid, the remainder of this agreement shall continue in full force and effect. you agree that this agreement and all incorporated agreements may be automatically assigned by web geek enterprises ltd, in our sole discretion, to a third party. headings are for reference purposes only and in no way define, limit, construe or describe the scope or extent of such section.
disputes. this contract is written under the laws of the united kingdom and all disputes arising from it shall be settled in accordance with u.k law by a uk court.
notices/other: except as explicitly stated otherwise, any notices shall be given by postal mail to:

web geek enterprises ltd. 27 old gloucester street, london wc1n 3ax, uk







privacy policy

×
close




last updated 19th march 2024
your privacy is important to freerub.com ('we', 'freerub | free massage via massage exchange', or the site) by web geek enterprises ltd. we developed this privacy policy to provide you with information on how we process your personal data when you create a freerub.com account, interact with our customer support specialists, visit freerub.com or visit other web geek enterprises ltd websites that include a link to this privacy policy

data controller
we are web geek enterprises ltd, the data controllers.
you can contact us at privacy@webgeekenterprises.com, if you have any questions. you can also write us to: 27 old gloucester street, london wc1n 3ax, uk

your rights
if you reside in the european union, you have the right under the general data protection regulation: 
1.	to be informed about our processing of your personal data
2.	to have your personal data corrected if it is inaccurate and to have incomplete personal data completed
3.	to object to processing of your personal data
4.	to restrict of processing of your personal data
5.	to have your personal data erased (the 'right to be forgotten')
6.	to request access to your personal data and information about how we process it
7.	to move, copy or transfer your personal data ('data portability')
8.	in relation to automated decision making, including profiling.

you have the right to lodge a complaint with supervisory authority - information commissioner's office (ico). it has enforcement powers and can investigate compliance with data protection law.
help line 0303 123 1113
web site: https://ico.org.uk 
by post: 
customer contact
information commissioner's office
wycliffe house
water lane
wilmslow
sk9 5af

“personal data” is information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
the types of personal data we collect and use
•	email address, personal characteristics, partner preferences (does not define sexual preference), residential location, and other optional profile content.
•	optional pictures
•	billing information including credit card and bank details (billing address), name.

purposes and legal grounds: 
1.	web geek enterprises ltd processes your personal information as necessary to perform our contract obligations with you for the service. web geek enterprises ltd also processes your email address for the purpose of sending you important information about your web geek enterprises ltd products, apps, services you have registered for, such as community activity updates, important safety information or material changes to this privacy policy. the legal ground for processing your details for this purpose is contract.
2.	web geek enterprises ltd also processes your email address to associate it with your web geek enterprises ltd account when you interact with our customer support representatives. the legal ground for this processing is our legitimate interest in providing quality customer support.
3.	if you provide your opt-in consent to receiving marketing information from web geek enterprises ltd , we will also process your email address for the purpose of sending you marketing information about web geek enterprises ltd services and apps. the legal ground for processing your email address for this purpose is your consent. you may withdraw your consent at any time by changing your preferences in your web geek enterprises ltd account or through the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our marketing emails.
4.  account creation and maintenance includes your agreement to receive 'community engagement' emails such as new member and new/unread message notifications as well as a maximum of 6 other emails per year.

transfer and sharing of personal data
web geek enterprises ltd is a global business. to offer our products, apps and services, we may need to transfer your personal data to other countries.

when you create a freerub.com account, add personal data in your account profile, or upload data to your freerub.com account, your personal data will be collected and stored on web geek enterprises ltd servers in the us. personal data regarding individuals who reside in a country in the european economic area or in switzerland is controlled by web geek enterprises ltd.

subject to applicable data protection law we may share your personal data with: 
●	sub-contractors and other persons who help us provide our products and services
●	our legal and other professional advisors, including our auditors
●	fraud prevention agencies, credit reference agencies, and debt collection agencies 
●	courts, to comply with legal requirements, and for the administration of justice
●	in an emergency or to otherwise protect your vital interests
●	anyone else where we have your consent or as required by law

cookies and similar technologies
to help analyse how you and other visitors navigate web geek enterprises ltd websites, and compile aggregate statistics about site usage and response rates, we, with assistance from third-party analytics service providers, collect certain information when you visit our site. this information includes ip address, geographic location of the device, browser type, browser language, date and time of your request, time of your visit(s), page views and page elements (e.g., links) that you click. we may use cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, clear gifs or other similar tools on our site or in our email messages to assist us in collecting and analyzing such information. we use this information to provide better, more relevant content on our site, to measure the effectiveness of advertisements, to identify and fix problems, and to improve your overall experience on our site. we may also engage one or more third-party service providers to provide online advertisements on our behalf. they may use a pixel tag or other similar technology to collect information about your visits to sites, and they may use that information to send you targeted advertisements. for more information regarding this practice and to opt-out of such collection and use of this information by our third-party service providers, please see networkadvertising.org

if you do not want information collected through the use of these technologies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline many of these technologies, or to be given the choice of declining or accepting them.
if you reside in the european union or other jurisdiction that requires us to obtain your consent to use cookies on our sites, then you will have an opportunity to manage your cookie preferences on the site via your browser’s controls; except that certain cookies are required to enable core site functionality, and you cannot choose to disable those cookies.
here is list of cookies (name and issuer) used by web geek enterprises ltd

myapp - freerub.com
_gat_ua - google analytics
_gid - google analytics
_ga - 	google analytics

here examples of third-party providers of analytics and similar services we currently use: 
analytics services: 
●	google: google analytics is used to track site statistics and user demographics, interests and behavior on websites. we also use google search console to help understand how our website visitors find our website and to improve our search engine optimization. find out more information about how this analytics information may be used, how to control the use of your information, and how to opt-out of having your data used by google analytics.

advertising services: 
●	doubleclick by google: advertising on internet. find out more information about google privacy policies here
others: 
●	stripe: payment platform. find more information about stripe privacy policy here
●	paypal: payment platform. find more information about paypal privacy policy here

retention of personal data
the following criteria are used to determine data retention periods for your personal data: 
●	we will retain your personal data, including messages/requests as long as your freerub.com account is considered to be active. 
●	we will delete technical information about your visits to freerub.com after 26 months for your long term privacy.
●	we will retain your billing data for 7 years as required by hmrc regulations

children
we request individuals under 18 not provide personal data to web geek enterprises ltd. if we learn that we have collected the personal data from a child under 18, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.

security
we have implemented measures in an effort to maintain the confidentiality of all personal information in our custody and control, including only providing access to personal information to employees and authorised service providers who require such information for the purposes described in this document. we maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards in an effort to protect against unauthorised access, use, modification and disclosure of personal information in our custody and control. 
●	to provide you with an increased level of security online, access to your personal information on certain of our websites may be protected with an auto generated password or one of your choosing.
●	we strongly recommend that you do not disclose your password to anyone. 
●	we will never ask you for your password in any unsolicited communication.

privacy policy updates
we may update this privacy policy from time to time as we add new products and apps, as we improve our current offerings and as technologies and laws change. 
we will provide notice to you if these changes are material and, where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent. this notice will be provided by email or by posting notice of the changes on the web geek enterprises ltd websites and apps that link to this privacy policy.
you can determine when this privacy policy was last revised by referring to the 'last updated' legend at the top of this page. any changes will become effective upon our posting of the revised privacy policy.














like massage?wish it were free?now it is!
freerub.com is a dedicated social network of 89153 massage enthusiasts looking for massage partners with whom they can exchange massage. you rub my back, i'll rub yours. it's as simple as that!
registration is simple and free.we welcome beginners, enthusiasts and professionals equally.finding one or more massage partners will save you $1000s in professional massage fees over the term of your membership. 



learn more 











how it works?
it will take just a couple of minutes to create a profile so others can find you, and you can start your own search for massage partners. a free membership allows you to create a profile, search for massage partners and receive messages.
with an upgrade to one of our paid memberships you can be proactive in contacting other members. our most popular upgrade option costs no more than the typical ninety minute massage and there is no limit to the number of partners you can exchange with.













about
operating since 2004, we currently have 20 massage exchange sites servicing different countries with a membership totalling over 200,000. during this time we have learned a lot and are constantly upgrading our sites to utilise technological advances and increase your matching opportunities.







security
for your security and privacy this site is hosted on ssl secure server. if you upgrade your account we allow the payment professionals to handle payment processing. needless to say, we do not provide your details to any 3rd parties.







not an adult social network
freerub.com is not an 'adult' social network and we aim to provide a clean, safe environment for all to enjoy.











home


login


password/username reminder


pricing


privacy policy


terms of service


contact






copyright © 2019 web geek enterprises ltd. all rights reserved.











