








hcst - managed it services - hcst

































































































skip to content



hcst 

it support

managed it support
break-fix support
support portal
remote session
share text


cyber security

cyber security scan and vulnerability assessment


voip

freepbx® & asterisk®
voip consulting & support
hosted solutions


cloud services

datto business continuity / disaster recovery
cloud hosting solutions
email services & office 365


about

about hcst

barry d. hassler


contact us
warranty support policy
hcst business hours and holidays
privacy policy
blog articles


 









business it servicessince 1991, hcst provides a full-suite of it services for our business partners. we're known for our quality services, respect for our clients, and breadth of our solutions.
 






 







it support
hcst provides a full range of support services for our clients, designed to meet their needs and budget.
learn more



voip services
hcst’s expertise and experience with the freepbx voip system makes it a great choice for our business clients.
learn more



cloud services
hcst provides a full range of cloud services, including cloud-based servers, cloud-based email, and cloud backup solutions.
learn more








about hcst
hassler communication systems technology, inc. (hcst) has been providing a full range of it services for our clients, primarily in the greater dayton and springfield ohio area since 1991. with today’s technology, our ability to support clients has no physical boundaries.
our full range of services include managed and break-fix (on-call) support services, server and workstation planning, installation and support, backups, disaster recovery and business continuity, as well as voice-over-ip telecommunications.

providing it services since 1991, we are probably the most well-established and experienced it services provider in the area.

















it support
you have a business to run, with your own priorities and concerns. let us handle the it side of things for you — everything from your local network, internet access, servers, workstations, backups and business continuity and phone systems to ongoing consulting and support.
learn more








voip
your phones should be as up-to-date as your computer systems, and provide the flexibility and integration your organization needs. hcst has the solutions for in-premises pbx for any size organization, or combinations of cloud services for multi-location organizations, or those requiring just minimal services.
learn more










32
years in business


8
employees


130+
active clients








say hello!
how can we help you?
complete our contact form below, and one of our senior staff will reach out to speak with you.






 










 your name (required)
 

 your email (required)
 

 phone number you can be reached at (optional)
 

 subject
 

 your message
 







 









        1430 oak court
suite 312
beavercreek, oh 45430
      





        info@hcst.com        





        +1 (937) 427-9000 (oh)
+1 (854) 854-5300 (sc)        




 

©  2025 hcst. built using wordpress and onepage express theme.








































