








	friends outside and friends and family center > home


























































login










search button




button




about us
our history
our beliefs
board of directors
 executive staff
outcomes reporting
careers


programs and services
visitor centers
family liaison services
friends and families center


resources
friends and outside chapters and affiliates
other resources


take action
events


contact us
donate




facebook icon
instagram icon
linkedin icon












.we believe in second chancesservices in california; advocacy worldwide
































































































































current news...
"you made the difference," a message from our executive director
"you made the difference between me getting to see my man and wasting a six-hour drive.  i started to cry when they said i couldn't visit because of my outfit.  friends outside gave me clothes from the closet that worked and i got to see my boo. thank you!"  a note left by a visitor.
this is a common message from a first time visitor to a prison in california.  for many good reasons, there are rules about how one presents at a prison visit.  but for those who make a mistake and wear jeans or other offending outfit it's devastating.  as with this person who "drove six-hours," both she and her boyfriend would have had to miss this long awaited (assumed) visit if there wasn't another option.  friends outside was that option in that we stock emergency clothing in all sizes for visitors to borrow.
visitation has a significant effect on recidivism. “any visit reduced the risk of recidivism by 13 percent for felony reconvictions and 25 percent for technical violation revocations, which reflects the fact that visitation generally had a greater impact on revocations (national institutes of corrections).  families can provide an incentive for prisoners to grow, learn and change. families can help prisoners stay in touch with what's going on in the world, easing their transition back to society. some parole authorities see strong family ties as an indicator that a prisoner is better prepared for release.
extensive research shows the importance of the parent-child relationship and the deep and often traumatic effect that the loss of a parent can have for a child. for children who experience the incarceration of a parent, the traumatic effects may be comparable to loss of a parent through death or divorce, and this trauma may be compounded by subsequent involvement with the child welfare system.
in their wisdom, the california legislature of 1980 passed ab2848 creating the visitor centers directive.  families are guaranteed by law, assistance in making visitation happen.  you see, visitation and visitor centers are good for those who are incarcerated, their families and the community.
if this moves you, help us by making a donation toward the mission of friends outside.  help us make second chances possible.
sincerely,
michael sorensen, mpa
executive director
read more
read less







resource links

standards of performance 
click here for 211 resources in your area.











donating in memory of a loved one?

please click on the heart and specify who by sending a message with your donation through paypal.


on any given day, there are an estimated 2 million children in america with at least one parent in prison or jail.
1 in every 100 adults in america is in jail or prison.
an estimated 2.7 million children in california have a parent currently in california’s adult criminal justice system, including approximately 195,000 who have parents in a state prison.
for nearly 70 years, friends outside has been providing services to incarcerated and reentering people, their families and communities.








support a child of an incarcerated parent
many people forget that when a parent is incarcerated, the time they do on the inside is also done by their children. life changes when your parent is incarcerated. studies have shown that kids need to stay connected to their parents for health and mental health reasons. family finances change as well. children still need school supplies, clothing, food, etc. making a donation to this fund allows us to assist children and families of incarcerated parents with the needs for daily living missing as a result of incarceration. please donate today!
donation form donate by paypal











































friends outside has provided services to incarcerated and reentering people,
their families, and communities since 1955.





contact us


1148 w. fremont street
stockton, ca 95203
(209) 955-0701
(209) 955-0734 fax


mailing address
p.o. box 4085
stockton, ca 95204




follow us


facebook
instagram
linkedin


donate today!




























































©
copyright 2025 by friends outside
terms of use
privacy statement
site by mayaco

















