




  








award winning banquets, weddings & events - pines manor















































































732-287-2222
info@pinesmanor.com













choose the award winning pines manor





homepines manor
eventsfor you

weddings
social
corporate
off premise catering


directionsedison nj

local attractions


about usour team

pines blog
awards and recognition
history
careers


vendors
contact usquestions?






navigation



home
events

weddings
social
corporate
off premise catering


directions

local attractions


about us

pines blog
awards and recognition
history
careers


vendors
contact us







 






weddings and showers


weddings




social and charity


social




corporate functions


corporate






the premier banquet, wedding & meeting center in new jersey
leave an indelible impression on the hearts and minds of your guests at the highly-rated pines manor in edison, nj. our team of culinary experts rise to the challenge of pleasing the most discerning palates, offering expert event planning assistance to tailor the menu perfect for your special event. discover timeless elegance with an array of finishing touches for your next special party or conference. from ice sculptures, fruit carvings and floral arrangements, to imported silk wall coverings and damask linens, we will cater to your needs in every way.
the list of joyous events can go on and on including weddings, showers, corporate events & meetings, bar mitzvahs, birthdays, christenings, graduations, family reunions, holiday parties, sweet sixteen parties, quinceaneras, proms, retirement parties and more. the important thing is you and your guests enjoy the event and have memories to last a lifetime. regardless of the size of the party, our service is sure to meet the needs of your special event. our professional, courteous wait staff prides itself on impeccable hospitality and expert attention to detail. imagine entertaining your guests where presidents john f. kennedy, jimmy carter, ronald reagan, george bush and bill clinton have dined. after one visit to pines manor, you will understand why it has become a major conference and banquet center in the new jersey-new york-pennsylvania area.
whether you are planning a wedding, social banquet or corporate meeting, the pines manor is located conveniently in central new jersey just a short drive from the nj turnpike, garden state parkway, us route 1 or highway 287. your guests will find plenty of convenient parking. the award-winning pines manor is located in close proximity to new brunswick, east brunswick, highland park, south plainfield, woodbridge, piscataway, metuchen, bridgewater and many other central nj towns. our service and location make the pines manor a sought after location for a wide range of audiences.
the award-winning new york interior designer charles morris mount has created an atmosphere of subtle beauty and refined luxury for pines manor. the exquisite marble and granite lobby, accented with walls upholstered in rich imported fabrics, sets the stage for your spectacular event.
call 732-287-2222 today to meet with one of our event specialists. the pines manor is dedicated to offering you superb cuisine and meticulous service in luxurious surroundings.




testimonials









i am so glad that we chose the pines as our wedding reception. everything was more than what i had expected! the set up was perfect it was just as i had imagined my wedding day to be!! thank you so much for making my vision a reality!!! it was absolutely perfect!!!!



dana - 






thank you !!! we were, as always, totally pleased with everything. many of the attendees, from all ranks like parents, ads & coaches and our corporate sponsors, have called to comment on how lovely the occasion was and how impressive it was to watch as it ran so smoothly.  so congratulations to you and your staff for making it a wonderful day for everyone. thanks.



helen - 








i would like to tell you that the spring luncheon was a great success.  the wonderful lunch and the service we received was a great factor and contribution to the success of the spring luncheon. the staff was so gracious in helping us prepare for the spring luncheon as well as the staff the day of the spring luncheon.
so many compliments were received about the food and service. please share this with the staff as everyone needs to know how appreciated their hard work was in making the day wonderful. on behalf of the 5th district lodge, thank you again!



marousis - 






thank you for your note! and thank you for helping to make the retirement dinner so special.  i am still getting glowing reports from people, from the ambience of the venue, to the courteouse manner of the servers, to the accommodating service of i guess they are some level of manager (can’t remember their names -john might have been one name), to the food! omg!
now i understand why recently, it seems like more people that i know (including my church) have been having their events at the pines. anyway, many thanks the work of staff and management has not gone unnoticed.



linda - 








indeed the pines manor met all our expectations which were high, having great service from the past. the ambiance, food and service were excellent and your advice and guidance were invaluable.
my best wishes for your health and happiness.



bob - 






i can not thank you enough for all that you did to make our first bling event showcase a success! it means so much to have you support our ventures. hopefully this is the first of many. again, thank you for your hard work and for taking such good care of me and my partners.



jackie - 








i just wanted to day what a wonderful job all your staff did during the event i attended on may 2. the food was amazing – the catering staff was in constant attendance – making sure everyone had everything they needed – outstanding job.
the staff also did an excellent job keeping everything clean and organized – even with so many women… using the restrooms – they were never a mess and the facilities stayed clean and fresh. i appreciated that. thank you



donna - 






my name is susan landers and i am a promoter for silestone, a quartz countertop product carried at the home depot. i attended the roadshow last week on tuesday, wednesday and thursday. i wanted to pass on to you how impressed i was with your staff during the event. they were efficient, courteous and very accommodating. bravo to all for exemplary service!



susan landers – new jersey promoter - 








good afternoon marisa, the service was great last night, nicks attention to our needs was unmatched, he is truly a diamond in the pines manor organization. the food was very good, i didn’t hear one complaint. i could not thank the staff on the ground enough for the manner in which they performed and cared for our guest.



joe parnett - wow entertainment inc. - 






thank you for a wonderful evening this past wednesday. folks here are still cooing about how terrific everything went. your service is exemplary, your food is always delicious and your staff is top notch. the attention to detail and concern for our guests is much appreciated.
many people reflected that the dinner felt like a true family affair. thanks for being part of our family and doing what you always do so well.



helene - 










get social






pines manor

phone: 732-287-2222 email: info@pinesmanor.com address: 2085 lincoln highway edison nj 08817 
awards & recognition  
sales office hours sunday         9am-4pm
monday        9am-5pm
tuesday        9am-6pm
wednesday  9am-6pm
thursday      9am-6pm
friday            9am-6pm
saturday       9am-4pm
contact us at info@pinesmanor.com or 732-287-2222





© copyright 2013 pines manor

home/
careers/
about us/
directions/
contact us/
events/






call now button















