












best heavy lift helicopters for any job | construction, logging, firefighting | maintenance and parts | columbia helicopters














































 





skip to main content





 



about
careers
contact
 













columbia creates, delivers, operates, and maintains the world’s premier heavy-lift helicopters to save lives, protect nations, and build industries.





our services
we build, operate, and maintain heavy-lift helicopters in the world’s most remote and challenging locations.
we remain true to our roots and responsive to your needs. from aerial firefighting, defense and forestry, to construction and disaster relief – we’re ready to stand by your side through every challenge.
we are proud of the impact we have on the organizations and communities we serve as we help save lives, protect nations, and build industries.











original equipment manufacturer (oem)
as the oem of the faa-certified chinook 234sp helicopter, columbia is trusted to deliver heavy-lift solutions in aerial firefighting, disaster relief, defense sustainment, and infrastructure industries. 

the upcoming launch of the model 107-iii and the model 234sp sets a new industry standard.










maintenance repair organization (mro)
trusted worldwide, commercial heavy-lift operators and government agencies choose columbia’s life-cycle mro support for high-performance turnaround.

our experienced team of over 200 trained technicians provide fast, responsive service.




 

aerial operations
only columbia combines proven experience as oem, operator, and maintainer in the multi-mission heavy-lift helicopter sector. 

our services include aerial firefighting, military heavy-lift, support for international agencies delivering aid and disaster relief, and infrastructure operations such as construction and precision lift.





					learn more				












get in touch
contact us to discover how columbia can support your mission.






first name* last name* company job title phoneemail*

reason for reaching out*select a reason for reaching outsalesmediajoin team columbiaothermessagenamethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  



















 





												14452 arndt rd ne aurora, or 97002											






tel:

												503-678-1222											



												fax:												503-678-5841											






about
careers
contact
 


 



employee login link
terms of use
privacy policy
equal opportunity
vendor terms & conditions
 
© 2025 columbia helicopters. all rights reserved.































 

