









inform yourself easily - jaysnell


















































fashion
sciences
house
travel
art and culture
 





select page


  
 



 



 











 

knowing how to select the right partsgood news for all fans of a chic and comfortable look, you don’t have to spend all your time in suits and pumps to be elegant! on the contrary, a few well-chosen classic pieces will allow you to add a good dose of chic to almost any outfit.
see more

 
 
 





 

mixing materialsfor a chic and elegant interior, don’t hesitate to mix and match materials: rattan meets metal, wood meets glass, velvet meets lace…. above all, don’t overload. if you like a material or a pattern, use it in small touches so you don’t get bored.
see more

 
 


learn a few wordsmemorize a few words of the local language, and have the courage to use them! it’s amazing how a few words can do a lot. people tend to prefer those who make the effort to communicate with them in their own language.
see more

 

 
 


 

sharpen your eyesthere’s nothing better to start buying art than attending museums, exhibitions or contemporary art fairs whenever you have the opportunity. the eye is like the ear in music: it educates itself! discover works, artists, trends, immerse yourself in their origins… all this will allow you to have a better knowledge of aesthetics and different techniques. you will thus be able to refine your tastes and why not specialize in a current.
see more

 
 
 



our latest articles
 




 
enjoy unforgettable family holidays in poitou-charentes
house, travelwhen it comes to planning a family holiday, the region of poitou-charentes in france offers an array of memorable experiences. one popular choice for accommodation is renting a holiday home, especially one of those equipped with a swimming pool. in this article, we...
read more
 

 
why is engineering the closest thing to magic in reality?
sciencesthere's more than a handful of wonders in the world. skyscrapers with mind-blowing architecture, ai, robots, heavy-duty machines, even the devices you're currently reading this on- they're all nothing short of wonders. it all seems like magic at first sight, but truth...
read more
 

 
evolution of modern architectural art after the 1900s
housearchitecture has been going around during the eras of the grandfathers of our grandfathers long before they even had a term for it. the very first constructions and architecture focused on building for shelter and security, as were the needs of that period. ...
read more
 

« older entries

 


 
 
  


 
 
 



contact       
 



designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress  

 
 
 



















