


tropical agricultural field trip



tropical agriculture field

  trip




         

for over thirty years (1968-01), cornell university has offered

students a "living laboratory" of field study in agriculture and agricultural

development involving a two-week trip to the tropics. these trips have

constituted training and motivation for many of today's leaders in international

agriculture. 


ia 602 alumni reunion in costa

rica

to celebrate over 30 years of the international agriculture field course

in tropical agriculture (ia 602), alumni, faculty, extensionists and

administrators gathered in san jose, costa rica from march 19 to 22.

the president of costa rica, miguel angel rodriguez, delivered the

conference's keynote address on the future of agricultural development. the

nation's minister of agriculture, esteban brenes and robert d. havener, former

director general of cimmyt and past president of winrock international also

spoke about challenges to agriculture. among the cornell faculty who participated

in and organized the program were robert blake (animal science), h. david

thurston (plant pathology, emeritus), merrill ewert (cornell cooperative

extension), eugene erickson (rural sociology, emeritus), ed oyer (international

agriculture, emeritus), h. dean sutphin (cals office of academic programs),

and robert mcdowell (animal science, emeritus). 

program speakers included executives from the panamerican school of

agriculture in zamorano, the international food policy research institute,

the center for agricultural policy studies, and the african center for fertilizer

studies. the six-credit course titled (agriculture in developing nations)

is structured in two parts. the first part consists of study at cornell;

the second is a visit to the latin american tropics. since the first trip

to puerto rico in 1968, more than 1,100 students, faculty and staff have

traveled with ia 602 to puerto rico, dominican republic, mexico, costa rica,

honduras, and most recently, ecuador. as well as being a venue for learning

and reunion, the march conference was part of an effort to secure long-term

funding for the course.   diane munn - ciifad

also look at album 6 in the photo gallery which are photos from

the costa rica reunion/conference.




 






 



 



 



 



 



 

 

 




other image archives by h. d. thurston

smokin' doc thusrton's greatest

hits



 

   at

hdt1@cornell.edu


| reunion brochure |

reunion base |

faculty participants |

locales visisted |

photo gallery | 

| fieldtrip anecdotes |
your comments | notices

and announcements|


 thank you for your support! we hope you visit us again soon.






we hope you visit us again soon.





