








welcome to the new england ski museum














































skip to content









new england ski museum
preserving the future of skiing's past





primary menu
home
about

ski museum staff
job opening
board of directors
speakers and programs
cal conniff grants
museum news

28th annual hannes schneider meister cup march 7-9, 2025
spirit of skiing award presented to e. john b. allen
ski with annalee exhibit


journal
locations


visit

franconia, nh
north conway, nh
permanent exhibit
exhibits


events

calendar of events
hannes schneider meister cup
spirit of skiing award
4th grade history project: in martha’s memory

ski history program description




shop
collections

individual collections in new england ski museum
image use policy
donations to the collection


ski history
links
donations / memberships
schneider meister cup
schneider hof raffle








welcome to the new england ski museum 

purchase raffle tickets here
welcome to the ski museum
the new england ski museum’s mission is to collect, preserve, and exhibit elements of ski history for research, education and inspiration. we have operated our museum at franconia notch state park since december 1982, and our eastern slope branch in north conway since february 2018.
we welcome thousands of visitors to both branches each year. whether online or in person, we encourage you to enjoy our stories from the history of skiing.
our permanent exhibition is from the first tracks to the fall line: eight thousand years of skiing. it presents a timeline of the development of skiing from its prehistoric roots up until the advent of the shaped ski in the 1990s, and includes local aspects of ski history with national implications such as several important ‘firsts’ at cannon mountain, and the career of area native bode miller.
five olympic medals won by bode miller
 
new england ski museum in franconia notch, new hampshire

our second location:  the eastern slope branch in north conway, nh







new england ski museum the new england ski museum is a member supported, 501(c)(3) non-profit organization dedicated to the history of skiing and the 10th mountain division.  our mission is to collect, preserve, and exhibit equipment, art and artifacts of ski history for research, education and inspiration.
we invite you to visit our two museum branches in beautiful franconia notch state park, nh, and in north conway, nh.
admission to the museum is always free.
become a member!

contact us  mailing address:
new england ski museum
135 tramway drive
franconia, nh 03580-4403
 email:
staff@skimuseum.org
 franconia address:
 135 tramway drive
franconia, nh 03580
phone: 603-823-7177
north conway address:
2628 white mountain highway
north conway, nh 03860
phone: 603-730-5044

shop our store 

email newsletter 



sign up for our email newsletter















visit us on facebook 
videosabout nesm
search our site

search for:










copyright © all rights reserved. 
powered by wordpress
 | 
			blue planet by nilambar 



 

go to top 










