










	software computer group, inc.

























home
our services






software development
data conversions









our products






circuit courts
ccms
ccis


circuit express
subscribers and providers


s.a.k
victim-calling-application


mass notify
mass notify for business
mass notify for higher education
mass notify for emergency & continuity solutions











support






contact us
customer support
remote support


training webinars
ccms new features











news
payments
about us






partners
location
contact us




















login|
					

























software computer group inc



welcome to software computer group inc.
software computer group, incorporated (swcg), a west virginia corporation, is an organization that has been providing expertise in effectively applying computers to the access, analysis and use of information since the mid-1970's.  swcg is able to assist and guide organizations during any phase of computer information management and problem solving.




check out our featured products





circuit court management
software computer group inc. has developed the solution for your circuit court system. our circuit court management software not only gives your court officers instant access to all necessary case information it also provides secure online access for any lawyer that subscribes to our related circuit express software. your court will enjoy much smoother operation and much lower operating costs.
learn more


s.a.k. trial case management
the swiss army knife for prosecuting attorneys
you need a tool to help manage your caseload

• reduces research time
• streamlines office workflow
• makes discovery faster
learn more


heads up! community with mass notify 

visit the heads up! community page to learn more about an affordable rapid public notification platform available, allowing large and small organizations the ability to implement a full hosted and redundant public notification system for just pennies per population or household

learn more












productsfind out about our products we offer



serviceswe offer some great services that you won't be able to live without!



newsfind out the latest news from software computer group














contact us








for more information pertaining to software computer group inc., please contact us...




mailing address:

software computer group inc. 
            po box 27
            fraziers bottom, wv 25082


phone:
from the wv charleston area: 304.343.6480 
            from outside the charleston area: 800.205.4848


fax:
1-888-600-7708



email:
info@swcg-inc.com


directions:
location map













copyright 2011 by software computer group inc.
terms of useprivacy statement








