







suspenseful friendship fiction | fantasy tales on friendship and betrayal in wartime | by dusk peterson



suspenseful friendship fiction ¶ fantasy tales
on friendship and betrayal in wartime ¶ by dusk peterson

friendship fiction isn't just stories of first-graders exchanging notes
in classrooms (though those tales are lovely). it can be about the emotional
bonds that are created during wartime and in other tense situations. that's
what you'll find here, along with love stories.
you can find information here about the e-books and upcoming paperbacks
by dusk peterson, can browse through the video booktrailers, and can read
a great many works of online fiction and nonfiction.
all site links here lead to peterson's main domain, duskpeterson.com.
important
information for parents, guardians, and visitors who control their own
reading matter.




about the author.

updates blog
and updates
e-mail list.

myspace profile.

accessibility information.

can't find a site you've seen here before?

sections below: fantasy tales | fiction
recommendations and nonfiction | copyright information
| e-mail.



fantasy tales
suspenseful fantasy, historical fantasy, friendship fiction, and love stories.


excerpts from
upcoming fiction.

cover art gallery.

booktrailer videos.



the three lands

he vowed himself to his god. now the god is growing impatient . . .
the three lands, a fantasy series on friendship, romance, and
betrayal in times of war and peace.

darkling plain

separated in time and place, a young woman and two young men are united
in their goal: to protect those they care for from the destruction of battle.
the odds are against them.
darkling plain, fantasy tales about young people in times of
conflict.
this site also contains princeling, a fantasy novel set in a
world where war has lasted for generations, from hell to the stars,
a
loose translation of a medieval science fiction classic, and main stream,
a sampling of suspenseful historical fantasy stories.



fiction recommendations and nonfiction
nonfiction sites on science fiction and fantasy, history, spirituality,
videos, news, and accessible reading matter for the disabled.
ampersand history:
intersections between history & science & art & music &
literature & religion & philosophy.
aslan's kin: interfaith
fantasy and science fiction. resources and article links.
booktrailer
links. a web directory devoted to booktrailers, short films that
promote books.
greenbelt
interfaith news. international news. no longer updated.
historical
fantasy: links for readers of historical fiction and fantasy. includes
novel recommendations.
hometown: two
years in the life of a small town grown large. community news articles.
international
pixel-stained technopeasant day: a directory of online creations.
links to novels, stories, poems, music, art, and other offerings placed
online by folks celebrating ipstp day on april 23, 2007, which was started
by a controversy within the science fiction and fantasy writers of america.
islanders
and watermen of the chesapeake bay. a bibliography of books, museums,
and online resources.
a little list
of links on solitude, simplicity, and self-discipline. online resources
about eremitism (living as a hermit) and related topics.
online resources
for blind and partially sighted readers of science fiction and fantasy.
includes links to e-texts and online audio.
retrofuture:
visions of the future, 1945-1975. a bibliography of books, films,
and online resources.
what are the different
types of alternative formats? discusses alternative reading formats
such as audio, large print, electronic text, and braille.



copyright information
text and videos at this domain or at duskpeterson.com are copyright ©
1981-2010 dusk peterson.

unless otherwise noted, all rights reserved on works by other authors
and artists.

dusk peterson's writings at this domain or at
duskpeterson.com are licensed under a creative
commons attribution noncommercial license. dusk peterson's videos
are licensed under a creative
commons attribution noncommercial share alike license.
cover designs: dusk peterson. art
credits. permission is granted for the reposting and reprinting of
the banners, covers, and story summaries (blurbs) for the purposes of providing
information on dusk peterson's writings. please link to duskdarkling.org
or duskpeterson.com if possible.
for more information, see: policies
on copyright, derivative works, and fan works.




e-mail
if you send me pretty compliments, i will print your letter out and frame
it above my computer. (this isn't much of an exaggeration.) if, on the
other hand, you send me a letter that begins, "what kind of nit-witted
writer are you? you gave your character blue eyes in scene one and green
eyes in scene two!" then i will raise up a shrine in your honor and burn
candles upon your altar.
constructive criticism, enquiries, and idle chit-chat may be sent to
dusk peterson at 

[turn on javascript to read, or write to duskpetersonatfastmail.fm, replacing
at with the appropriate symbol]. urgent e-mail should be sent to both me
and my emergency contact.
 


