

















home - archdiocese of winnipeg



































about

archbishop gagnon
the archdiocese of winnipeg
find a parish
archdiocesan directory
policies & procedures


offices & ministries

archives
catechetics & faith development
catholic cemeteries
educational institutions
financial administration
marriage and family life
marriage tribunal
pastoral services
social justice
synod
vocations
women’s vocations
youth & young adult


truth and reconciliation
communications

on the way
blog
events calendar
memos


jubilee 2025
contact
donate
 



 




we are disciples on the waywe have heard this call and have chosen to follow the lord and therefore, we are established by faith in christ; we are a people anointed in the holy spirit through our baptism and confirmation and hence configured to christ, and; we are a people sent into the world by christ to bring the good news and to help build the kingdom of god. - from disciples on the way: a post-synodal proclamation 









welcome to the official website of the archdiocese of winnipeg


 










established in 1915, the archdiocese of winnipeg is currently home to 155,000 catholics in southwestern manitoba, canada.
stay tuned to our website and social media for news, updates and events that are happening in our local church!


newsletter event calendar 









 

farewell mass for archbishop richard gagnon on wednesday, march 19th, we will gather in st. mary’s cathedral to say thank you and bid farewell to archbishop richard gagnon for his eleven years of pastoral service and leadership as our archbishop. it is fitting that this celebration should take place on the solemnity of st. joseph, our archdiocesan patron.⁠⁠the celebration will begin at 7:30 pm. a reception will follow. all are welcome to attend!





 

most reverend murray chatlain named 8th archbishop of winnipeg this morning, the holy father, pope francis, named the most reverend murray chatlain, currently the archbishop of keewatin-le pas, as the eighth archbishop of winnipeg. we welcome archbishop chatlain as archbishop-elect of the archdiocese of winnipeg.
click here to read the full memo from archbishop gagnon.
click here to read the full memo from the cccb.





 

jubilee year "pilgrims of hope" for resources for the jubilee 2025, click here.





 

irf funding now available the archdiocese of winnipeg and its diocesan indigenous discernment committee are now accepting applications for funding projects or programs addressing indigenous healing and reconciliation initiatives.
for more information or to apply, click here!









we are disciples: established, anointed and sent in christ


our archdiocesan synod








news



 


youth
applications are open – the discipleship formation program
february 14, 2025




 


reconciliation
the archdiocese of winnipeg
the church of canada
annual report: sacred fire stories from the indigenous reconciliation fund
february 11, 2025




 


jubilee 2025
parishes in the archdiocese
the archbishop
relics tour in winnipeg
february 5, 2025









what's happeningupcoming events 



tuesday, february 18, 2025
presentation on: the 1700th anniversary of the council of nicaea
more details







saturday, february 22, 2025
confirmation rally – holy ghost parish
more details







tuesday, february 25, 2025
serra club meet & greet
more details







saturday, march 1, 2025
medical assistance in dying
more details







saturday, march 1, 2025
catholic foundation of manitoba: youth, family and community dance
more details












 




find a parish and mass times
find a parish 














 
1495 pembina hwy, 
winnipeg, mb r3t 2c6phone: 204-452-2227  fax: 204-475-4409







catholic christian outreach
cccb
manitoba catholic life & family
papal blessing
salt & light television
shalom media
the catholic register
universal synod
vatican news
youthink




the archdiocese of winnipeg resides as the lands of treaty 1 territory and the homeland of the métis people. we operate on the traditional lands of the anishinaabe. in the spirit of truth, reconciliation, and collaboration, we honour our relationship with indigenous peoples and respect the contributions of history, culture, and language of canada’s original peoples.


©2025 archdiocese of winnipeg








