
















my life as a vegan








































































my life as a vegan



previously this blog was dedicated to the life and endeavors of a teenage vegan navigating a non-vegan world, with recipes, tips, animal activism and more!now, as of march 2011, i am embarking on a raw food journey for health as well as ethical reasons. although i am currently raw, i am leaving all of my previous content up, including cooked-food recipes, etc. veganism is great for the planet, the animals, and you!, no matter which form of it you choose to follow :)































































































monday, march 21, 2011










so far my raw diet is going pretty well, though i have decided i'm going to eat a few cooked convenience foods as i am transitioning. last night i had a 6inch veggie sub from subway and some chips because i really needed to eat and couldn't go home. 
my main problem at this point is that my parents are trying to sell the house so i'm not allowed to use the kitchen 24 hours before a showing because its all been cleaned. this means no smoothies, no dehydration, nada. the biggest thing i can really do is grow sprouts, and those seem to be doing very well! about half my seeds have sprouted so far. hopefully my mom will help me take care of them because i'm going to vermont tomorrow night and i doubt that they will be ready then. in vermont i'll probably have to eat less raw since i will be at a friend's house but i think i will make do alright.





posted by



allie b




at

3/21/2011 09:34:00 am



20 comments:
  





























sunday, march 20, 2011







i have some sprouts!





a few of my seeds have germinated (despite my not watering for 24 hours, oooops!)





posted by



allie b




at

3/20/2011 09:51:00 pm



2 comments:
  




































unfortunately i never had the chance to either buy or make raw bread last night. i got asked to work early this morning so i didn't want to be up all night then have to wake up at 8am.

i did get to do a lovely food shopping though! i got cantaloupes, hummus, mangoes, rice milk (it was on sale and much cheaper than almond milk this week), raw sunflower seeds, hazelnuts, a case of clementines, turbinado sugar, apple cider vinegar, and lara bars.

unfortunately i fell a bit off the bandwagon last night because my lack of bread prompted me to eat hummus with ritz crackers and then a bowl of chex with rice milk i wish i hadn't eaten it before bed because i woke up with sore spot in my stomach that i could pin down to cooked food. i'm not too upset though, i didnt have enough protein yesterday anyway because my sprouts haven't germinated yet.

right now, the goal is to switch my tastes from processed and cooked foods to whole and raw foods. right now i'm eating half a cantaloupe for breakfast and it is delicious. i forgot how much i love fruit (instead of baked sweets) and i'm trying to switch in fresh fruit for all the desserts and sweet snacks i used to eat. so far i think i'm doing pretty well!






posted by



allie b




at

3/20/2011 08:25:00 am



2 comments:
  





























saturday, march 19, 2011







tonight's plan





go to the grocery after work in enfield (which has more natural foods than my town) and pick up some raw foods like nuts, seeds, flatbread (if available), avocadoes, fresh fruit, and agave nectar.
make raw, dehydrated flatbread for the next few days (if i don't find it in stores). i'll probably have to do this in the main oven because my toaster oven is quite small
water my sprouts :)






posted by



allie b




at

3/19/2011 01:47:00 pm



4 comments:
  


































sprouts have been planted!






this is the sprouter that i have and i just finished planting and watering my first batch of seeds! hopefully they will germinate, they're a year old but i think they will be okay.
i planted a mix bean variety, broccoli, and alfalfa sprouts. i am looking forward to sprout salads, peanut butter with sprouts on raw bread, and hummus with sprouts on raw crackers! 





posted by



allie b




at

3/19/2011 01:41:00 pm



5 comments:
  































older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)



google search!































posts of note


recipe archive
clicks to help animals!
winter pet safety brochure
vegan fast food options
tips for going vegan
vegan shopping list




misc stuffs





view my stats






followers

















links


dog health problems
go veg
in defense of animals
mercy for animals
peta
peta students
peta2




good vegan blogs










vegan.com: everything




vegan hair oil: recommended cruelty-free brands



3 years ago












veg bitch




customized metal warehouse storage stainless steel shelving



4 years ago












vegan eats & treats!




stevie wonder: a very good dog



4 years ago












notes from the vegan feast kitchen




super easy, super tasty crusty no-knead spelt bread



5 years ago












what the hell _does_ a vegan eat anyway?




flatbread with morel mushrooms, grilled ramps and roasted broccoli



6 years ago












vegan-food.net




beefless stew( stew - meat )



8 years ago












eat air - a vegan food log




new project coming soon!



11 years ago












veg health news




why hair extensions are a big yes in summer



11 years ago












eat, drink & be vegan




get new vegan, gluten-free, and raw recipes!



11 years ago












vegan lunch box




happy vegan thanksgiving!



12 years ago












seitanic vegan heathen




an assignment



12 years ago












invitation to my vegan journey




breakfast is anything you want



13 years ago












the vegan diet




world vegan day



13 years ago












fatfree vegan kitchen




this blog has moved



14 years ago












taste better



















supervegan: vegan blog and new york city restaurant guide



















veggie way



















veggie delight

















blog archive





march (7)
      

february (1)
      

october (1)
      

february (2)
      

january (6)
      

december (1)
      

september (1)
      

june (5)
      

may (2)
      

april (1)
      

march (1)
      

november (2)
      

october (3)
      

september (7)
      

june (3)
      

may (2)
      

march (9)
      

february (18)
      

january (14)
      

december (2)
      

october (3)
      

august (3)
      

july (4)
      

june (5)
      

may (2)
      

april (4)
      

march (11)
      

february (17)
      

january (5)
      

december (3)
      

november (2)
      

october (6)
      

september (4)
      

august (6)
      

july (6)
      

june (27)
      

may (17)
      

april (10)
      

march (33)
      

february (33)
      

january (10)
      



















about me





allie b


stafford springs, connecticut, united states
hi! my name is allie, and i’m college freshman. i love animals and i believe that we need to treat them with respect, just like how we should treat other humans. just because animals can't speak doesn't mean they don't have feelings. i currently attend eastern connecticut state university. my major is biology and i am going to be a doctor.recently i've decided to try raw veganism, and i will be blogging about my journey!

view my complete profile










































disclaimer

(c) 2006-2011 alexandra marie byrne. please do not copy or quote anything from this site without giving proper acknowledgment to it. please contact the author at headbangandsk8@gmail.com if you have any questions or concerns. 




ethereal theme. powered by blogger.
























