


welcome to enema kit.com - enema equipment and supplies for colon cleansing





































 my account  |  my wishlist  |  my cart  |  checkout  |  customer service  |  log in 


 my cart   0.00















home


product


ordering


enema faq


testimonials


contact us


colon cleaning program




 










quick link


herbal colon cleansing blend



milk thistle liver detox supplement



pure aloe castile enema soap



coffee enema solutions



colon cleansing benefits



history of enemas



enema procedures



irregularity



herbal supplements



colon related illness



colon diet tips



famous people doing it



colon cancer



hydrotherapy



affiliate programme



wholesale






 



















colonic enema kits

often due to a combination of poor diet, improper food intake, drug intake and/or lifestyle; millions of people suffer all kinds of health problems. they may never even consider that the source of their problem is a toxic, sluggish colon. an enema will cleanse the colon of old, hardened waste material and harmful toxins restoring proper ph balance to the body. enema treatments stimulate the immune system and facilitate the passage of nutrients into the blood, to be delivered where the body needs them. weight loss is common due to the removal of waste and stimulation of the metabolism, just one of the many advantages of enema colon cleansing.

in addition to physically eliminating accumulated material in the bowel, colonics or enemas can speed the cleansing of toxins that have been stored in the liver, gallbladder and fat tissue. colon cleansing with an enema removes these toxins in a hurry, thus having an amazing effect on energy, health and well being.


















 premium 1 gallon enema kit plus colon pro™ cleansing program $69.95 





 refill herbs for our colon pro colon cleansing system $25.95 






 economy 2 quart enema kit plus our colon pro™ cleansing program $39.95 





 premium 1 gallon enema kit plus colon pro™ cleansing program $69.95 





 refill herbs for our colon pro colon cleansing system $25.95 






 economy 2 quart enema kit plus our colon pro™ cleansing program $39.95 




















contact form :
your name:
your email:
phone:
message:







testimonials

view all

 hello my name is cathy, i just wanted to say i am another one of your satisfied customers. thank you for your product i did the cleansing about 3 months ago and felt great afterwards. i want to re order the supplies to do another cleansing. i have now been doing an enema once every 2 weeks and it has made me feel allot better, ...

cathy

 "having recommended your program to about 15 of my clients, all with positive results i wanted to give you my testimonial. i have gone through your colon cleansing program my self and that's why i recommended it to them. i feel it is the best cleansing program on the market. enemas have been used for centuries and it is an effective and proven means of eliminating accumulated waste in the lower colon.

jack feldster md"








featured products



profesional 1 gallon enema kit

we now offer a new 1 gallon profesional quality enema kit for colon cleansing. the extra large capacity means that you can do many enemas in a cleansing session with out having to stop, and fill the bag again with more enema cleansing solution.


enema cleansing kit includes the following:
 1 gallon enema cleansing bag
 black set of nozzles and pinch clamp
 six feet surgical grade black rubber hose
 adapters and plug to use as hot water bottle
 stainless steel hook for hanging bag



$49.95   







our large 2 quart  enema bag kits

we now offer a new 1 gallon profesional quality enema kit for colon cleansing. the extra large capacity means that you can do many enemas in a cleansing session with out having to stop, and fill the bag again with more enema cleansing solution.


enema cleansing kit includes the following:
 1 gallon enema cleansing bag
 black set of nozzles and pinch clamp
 six feet surgical grade black rubber hose
 adapters and plug to use as hot water bottle
 stainless steel hook for hanging bag



$49.95   
















 home  |  products  |  ordering  |  enema faq  |  testimonial  |  contact us  |  colon cleaning program  











© 2013 internal cleansing systems .com. all rights reserved.
legal
|
resources
|
privacy












