



coppermine photo gallery

























home


forum


search


board rules




project


browse subversion repository


browse git repository




download


cpg 1.6.x


cpg 1.6.x easy installer/upgrade


cpg 1.6.x plugins (git repo)


cpg 1.6.x plugins (forum)


cpg 1.6.x documentation


download legacy versions




documentation


documentation for cpg1.6.x


documentation for cpg1.5.x


documentation for cpg1.4.x


faq


tutorials




about us


demo


plugins


plugins for cpg1.5.x


plugins for cpg1.6.x




search




loading
















    please note our new home is http://coppermine-gallery.com

                                  
                             



latest downloads ::.


(..download section)






 
                             



news ::.


(..news archive)




cpg1.6.26 
+ 21 february 2024
the coppermine development team is proud to present the latest version of the gallery. ron4mac has put a lot of time into the 1.6.x line. now with an easy upgrad tool and full php 8.2 support, now is the time to upgrade.
                               [more]
cpg1.5.48 security release - upgrade mandatory!
+ 21 december 2018
the coppermine development team is releasing a security update for coppermine in order to counter a recently discovered vulnerability. it is important that all users who run version cpg1.5.46 or older update to this latest version as soon as possible.
                               [more]
html5 multi-file upload plugin
+ 18 february 2013
with many thanks to our community user ron4mac, the creator of this plugin, we present a great new html5 uploader. with drag and drop facility and concurrent uploads this is a superb addition to coppermine 1.5.x currently it supports most modern browsers with the exception being ie versions 9 and older but if you have ie10, firefox, safari, chrome or one of many others this is a superb way to upload all your files.
                               [more]
support for 1.4.x to cease soon
+ 6 september 2010
after many moons of faithfull service the time has to come when we wave goodbye to coppermine 1.4.x. with the new all singing 1.5.x line we feel we have the best, fully featured and secure package we can have. with a small support team we can only realistically spend time on supporting the latest version. as such we have decided to give you all plenty of notice that we will lay the 1.4.x line to rest.
                               [more]
cpg1.4.27 security release - upgrade mandatory!
+ 25 may 2010
the coppermine development team is releasing a security update for coppermine in order to counter a recently discovered vulnerability. it is important that all users who run version cpg1.4.26 or older update to this latest version as soon as possible.
                               [more]


















.:: entry
01: welcome to coppermine photo gallery's homepage!
coppermine is a multi-purpose fully-featured and integrated web picture gallery script written in php using gd or imagemagick as image library with a mysql backend.
coppermine is free software which you can download and install on your webspace.  if you came here from a "powered by coppermine" link on a photo gallery, please read these frequently-asked questions.




the default coppermine front page




.:: requirements
02: web server + php + mysql + im/gd = cpg!
coppermine photo gallery has  been tested to work well on iis, apache 1.3.24 onwards to the latest apache 2, on linux, unix, osx, and win32 systems. the following settings are required:

good webserver (apache recommended);
php (4.2.0 or better; full php 7 support with cpg1.6.x);
mysql (3.23.23 or better; 4.x recommended);
either gd or imagemagick (any version);





.:: current features
03: endless features!
cpg is so fully featured it's not enough to fully list them here. feel free to have a go with the demo - change the themes, add some comments, see it in hungarian!

arrangement of pictures in categories and albums;
picture information stored in database;
users can upload pictures with web interface or ftp (and admin can batch-add to database);
full multimedia support
creation of thumbnails and intermediate size pics;
search feature;
last added;
random picture;
user management (private galleries, groups);
integration of user management with various bbs (like phpbb, yabb se, smf, invisionboard, vbulletin);
caption, title, description and user defined fields for each picture (searchable);
easy install (installer provided);
multi-lingual: arabian, brazilian portuguese, bulgarian, catalan, chinese (both big-5 and gb), croatian, czech, danish, dutch, english, estonian, finnish, french, german (both "du" and "sie"), greek, hebrew, hungarian, indonesian, italian, japanese, latvian, malay, norwegian, polish, romanian (both with and without diacritics), russian, slovenian, spanish, swedish, uighur, vietnamese; if your language is not on the list, you can easily create a translation for your own language;
user comments;
e-card feature;
slideshow viewer;
all features customizable with web interface (admin section);
template system;
user membership in multiple groups;
upload approval notice for admin;
exif/iptc support;
language selection option in template;
image rotation;
multi-pic upload;
separation of the breadcrumb block so that it can be placed independently of category in the template;
option to choose max height or width for thumbnails will help in creating nicer looking thumbnail rows and cols;
option to display a clickable filmstrip of thumbnails below the image display;
option to show first level albums of a category instead of just statistics of the category;
option of turning on or off the showing of "private" icon to unlogged / unprivileged user;
title option to sort in albums;
online help feature for the admin pages;
plugin-api;
english as a fallback language for un-translated entries in language files;
password-protected albums;
more admin-settable user profile fields;
picture-resize on upload;
bbs integration settable with a wizard-like user interface;
advanced search (boolean operators);





customize your frontpage through css, php or plain html!
 


unlimited multiple albums and categories using mysql.
 


film strip for easy access.




.:: credits
04: the inspirer
coppermine was originally created by grégory demar.
                                 find out more about the dev team and the contributors on the team page.










         coppermine photo gallery copyright 2003-2010.
         coppermine photo gallery (cpg) is an open source project released under the gnu/gpl terms.
         other trademarks are properties of their respective companies.








