















homepage | the department of mathematics

















      skip to main content
    
















search

search






 
 


 search 
 search 


 menu 
 menu 


















utility links


need help?


give!






 
 







 home 
 home 


 close 
 close 






search

search








main navigation


about

our department
why study mathematics?
people
departmental governance
policies and procedures



undergraduate

placement & transfer credit
tutoring
majors & minors
math center advising
courses
honors
opportunities for undergrads
scholarships and awards



graduate

math program
courses
scholarships and awards
affiliated programs



postdoctoral program

about the program



research

overview
research areas
funded research
centers
graduate research
undergraduate research
research assistantship



engagement

about our efforts
k-12
general public
newsletters
engagement archive



news & events

events calendar
news articles
weekly seminars and colloquia
























homepage










 







    
  unlimited opportunities

  
the department of mathematics offers unlimited opportunities to acquire valuable skills and to advance the frontiers of knowledge. we carry out internationally recognized research, we offer internationally recognized graduate and undergraduate programs, and we reach out to the tucson community and beyond to increase understanding and appreciation of the mathematical sciences.
our mission













welcome to the department of mathematics!
in the beginning there was mathematics; it has been with us ever since. math plays a fundamental role in numerous aspects of our daily lives, as well as in broader societal and scientific contexts. problems always require solutions and that's where math comes in. as a department, it is our goal to create, communicate, and apply mathematics of the highest caliber. uarizona mathematics is dedicated to creating and maintaining high quality, expansive programs that allow us to give back to not only the mathematics community, but the quality of life within the university, tucson community, and beyond.
why mathematics?
















opportunity awaits
the department of mathematics offers degrees in two different majors: mathematics and statistics and data science (sds). we also offer three minor options: mathematics, mathematics teaching, and statistics and data science. at undergraduate level, the department of mathematics provides almost 60,000 credit hours of instruction per year and offers its more than 500 majors unparalleled opportunities for research, tutoring experiences, and internships.
explore majors and minors


 



 














 






endless possibilities
with internationally recognized research across all areas of the mathematical sciences, the department of mathematics works to provide unparalleled learning opportunities for its students and faculty. research specialties include applied mathematics, mathematics education, analysis, algebra and geometry, and probability and statistics.
explore research areas







 
graduate program
join a tradition of excellence and innovation in mathematics. our graduate programs provide preparation for a variety of careers in academia and industry, opportunities for financial support, internationally recognized research, and more. the department offers programs leading to the master of arts, master of science, and doctor of philosophy degrees with a major in mathematics. concentrations are available in pure, applied, or computer mathematics, in mathematics education, or in probability and statistics. as there are no sharp boundaries between these concentrations, students are encouraged to pursue a broad range of mathematical topics.



 





math program

the graduate program in mathematics will prepare students for multiple mathematically oriented careers. students will benefit from a nationally recognized tradition of innovation in teaching and curriculum development, and ample opportunities for outreach, service, and financial support. 

learn more







                      affiliated programs
                  
members of our faculty participate in a few university-wide interdisciplinary programs:
applied mathematics
statistics and data science
the school of mathematical sciences








special topics courses

special topics courses are always changing. from homological algebra to stochastic control and learning, if there is enough demand for a specific class, the course will be properly scheduled. see the special topics course archive for an idea of what has been taught in the past!

see special topics






 

departmental news















image
 







monday


uofa mathematics professor marta civil elected to national academy of education - among other honors



    read more
  





















feb. 3, 2025


crr staff nationally recognized with presidential honors



    read more
  





image
 






















jan. 15, 2025


fall 2024 scholarship recipients



    read more
  





image
 






















dec. 18, 2024


join us: 21st annual mathematics educator appreciation day



    read more
  





image
 




























 

upcoming events














2 – 4:30 p.m., feb. 17, 2025



science career center














2 – 3 p.m., feb. 18, 2025



algebra and number theory seminar: jinyue luo














12:30 – 1:30 p.m., feb. 20, 2025



modeling & computation seminar: andrea lagardere, inria










view all events on the calendar



















 


























 
department of mathematics, the university of arizona(520) 621-6892617 n. santa rita ave. | p.o. box 210089tucson, az 85721-0089
 
 




















 





information for

prospective students
current students
alumni
donors



academic programs

bachelor of arts in mathematics
bachelor of science in mathematics
bachelor of arts in statistics and data science
bachelor of science in statistics and data science
accelerated masters program
master of arts in mathematics
master of science in mathematics
doctor of philosophy (phd) in mathematics



research centers & outreach

southwest center for arithmetic geometry
arizona center for mathematical sciences
bartlett memorial lecture
everything is math
center for recruitment and retention of math teachers
tucson math circle



resources

events calendar
support center
contact us
give
careers

connect

facebook



















we respectfully acknowledge the university of arizona is on the land and territories of indigenous peoples. today, arizona is home to 22 federally recognized tribes, with tucson being home to the o’odham and the yaqui. committed to diversity and inclusion, the university strives to build sustainable relationships with sovereign native nations and indigenous communities through education offerings, partnerships, and community service.
university information security and privacy
© 2025 the arizona board of regents on behalf of the university of arizona.














