       
	arizona dental association | american dental association
                           








           




welcome, 

logout


contact us
find a dentist
join/renew
login












 
adasso


salesforce [a-f]


salesforce [g-l]


salesforce [m]


salesforce [n-r]


salesforce [s-z]


salesforce [m2]


salesforce [a-f2]

      

















         




home




member center







join azda




renew your membership




membership benefits




membership discounts





update my account





monthly publication




ce tracking




advocacy







arizona dentists, why advocacy matters




azda's advocacy accomplishments




contribute to azda's pac




friends of dentistry




participate in oral health day




contact your legislators




contact your representatives






get involved




jobs & classified ads




the azda mobile app




azda cares foundation





mediation services





dentists concerned for dentists






news & publications







publications




advertisers & sponsors




media kit




classified ads




direct primary care resources




opioid prescribing to patients




amalgam separator





azda podcasts (audio amalgam)




teledentistry coding guidance






ce & events







ce courses & event




western regional dental experience




fall conference




online self study courses




online infection control




osha toolkit




coronal polish




ce requirements




ce tracking






for the public







find an arizona dentist




patient information




code of conduct




careers in dentistry




dental students




can i file a dentist complaint?




classified ads




preceptorship grant




community dental clinic list






about







contact us




who we are




conference room rental




azda team




local dental societies






  
            skip to main content
         








register for the wrde 2025

                        join us at the western regional dental experience on march 27-29, 2025

                            
register








peace of mind

                        comes with azda perks endorsed partners

                            
view member savings








fighting for dentistry, and you

                        after all the azda legislative successes of the last several years, can you afford to stand idly by

                            
support the pac








protect your practice’s reputation

                        manage online reviews and stay hippa-compliant with new toolkit.

                            
access here








azda mobile app

                        the arizona dental association, on the go!

                            
free download














welcome to the arizona dental association



the arizona dental association (azda) is the voice of dentistry in arizona. with over 2,500 member dentists, the azda is dedicated to empowering members to advocate for better oral health of arizonans and provide the highest quality care for their patients.
no matter what model you practice in, if you’re an arizona dentist who cares about their profession and wants to be a part of something bigger, you belong here.
join azda
























why you should be an azda member dentist



you really do belong hereno matter what model of dentistry you practice, azda welcomes you into our dental family.





bold advocacy—protecting your profession
  with a state legislator as our executive director, azda has one of the most vigilant, powerful advocacy programs in the country.








engaging education at a discount
  in-person courses, local/state/national webinars, and the largest dental annual meeting in arizona.





trusted news and insights
  be informed as decisions, legislation, bodex rule changes, and events that affect dentistry unfold. politically-neutral, unbiased info that keeps you "in the know."







exclusive member pricing
  azda member dentists receive discounted pricing and top-notch service from our endorsed partners




trouble with insurance companies?! we have a members-only hotline (email/call) for claim denials, coordination of benefits, and explanation of eobs, and more.







professional & social networking
  take advantage of several opportunities each year to get to meet new colleagues (and catch up with existing ones).





  lead and shape dentistry
  become the leader you never thought you could be. collaborate with colleagues on a council, committee, or board.






i want to talk to azda
  about becoming a member




sign me up.
  make me an azda member











 what azda dentists say about membershipbeing a member of azda has completely changed my career trajectory. the connections that i’ve developed have been invaluable.
- dr. powley, paradise valley, az








be a part of a meaningful cause that’s bigger than just your practiceyou work hard for your patients and your practice. so, if you’re going to support a dental organization with your hard-earned money, you want to see a return. we get it. if you’re open to just talking with us about membership, we’d love to hear from you. we’re available in-person, via zoom, by phone, or by email—it’s up to you. why not give us a shot today and see how we’re helping over 2,500 of your dentist colleagues in the 48th state?






i want to talk to azdaabout becoming a member




sign me up.
  make me an azda member












                                join azda
                            







                                renew your membership
                            











                                find a dentist
                            







                                classified ads
                            







                                ce & events
                            











arizona dental association











       

stay connected


















 

   general information become a member renew your membership american dental association   sections member center news & publications ce & events about for the public   resources find a dentist wrde classifieds accessibility     
                copyright © 2025
                 arizona dental association. reproduction or republication strictly prohibited without prior written permission.
               privacy policy   terms of use   contact us      
       21804781146   
