




















ucradiology | department of radiology | the university of chicago






























  quick links

faculty
education
alumni
diversity and inclusion council
radiology research centers
the cyclotron facility
prostate mri
midrc
mission, vision, values statement

	 
 
 
 




  radiology is a department in the

biological sciences division










                     (left to right) back: osman ahmed, jonathan chung, steve zangan, maryellen giger, steve montner; front: kirti kulkarni, paul chang, carina yang, thuong van ha          



                  
  sections & programs

                
the department of radiology is one of the most comprehensive radiology programs in the nation, comprised of 8 clinical subspecialties.
the clinical sections include sections of abdominal imaging, breast imaging, nuclear medicine, musculoskeletal imaging, neuroradiology, pediatric imaging, thoracic imaging, and vascular/interventional radiology. the section chiefs and physician faculty work with dr. steven montner, interim chairman, and the excellent technical leadership and staff to deliver the highest quality clinical care and graduate radiology education training program.
see all sections and programs














                  
  education

                
education and training is a cornerstone of the department of radiology's mission; our faculty and staff are committed to providing the most comprehensive training to the brightest minds in medicine. we have innovative educational programs which address the changing requirements of healthcare and the needs of our patients.

  our education programs


residency programs
fellowship programs
graduate program in medical physics 
continuing medical education
visiting students 















                  
  research

                
the department of radiology has 14 basic science faculty members belonging to one of two sections performing research in the imaging sciences. within the section of imaging sciences: acquisition & reconstruction, the research focuses on new acquisition methods for mri and mris, advanced ct systems and imaging approaches, novel tomographic reconstruction methods, new methods for pet, spect, acoustic, and optical imaging, and developments of novel imaging instrumentation. within the section of imaging sciences: analysis & evaluation, the research interests include evaluation methodologies & roc analysis, computer-aided diagnosis & computerized image analysis for the interpretation of a variety of medical images (such as breast, thoracic, colon, cardiac, skeletal & radioisotope images).

  quick links


research overview
basic science faculty















                  
  patient care

                
excellence in image quality and innovation is our foundation. interpretation and procedures performed by radiologists rated among the best in the nation builds upon that foundation, resulting in the high level of diagnostic and treatment quality that is our trademark. patients are cared for by our team of receptionists, technologists, nurses and radiologists with a high level of respect and understanding.

  quick links


second opinions & virtual consultation
schedule an appointment 
patient support services
clinical services
clinical trials
prostate mri center 

















                  
  wellness committee

                
the mission of the wellness committee of the department of radiology is to foster a culture of wellness through three pillars: personal resilience by supporting physical, mental and social health, ease of practice through improvement of workflow efficiency and continuous professional skills development. during the covid-19 pandemic, emphasis has been placed on projects to supporting our front-line staff who put themselves at risk to ensure continuity of critical patient imaging.












                     photo by nathan dumlao on unsplash         



                  
  diversity and inclusion council

                
the mission of the diversity & inclusion council is to strengthen departmental function and effectiveness by empowering a community where diversity, equity, and inclusion are promoted, enabling everyone to feel valued, engaged, and supported. this is accomplished through dedicated departmental diversity and inclusion opportunities for dialogue, training, and didactics, as well as by way of community outreach.

  quick links


diversity & inclusion council mission statement
diversity council
current events









                              
  news

                            








  seed funding grant winners announced









  dr. olga pasternak-wise named diagnostic radiology residency program director









  dr. paul chang authors article on the future of ai in radiology








  featured faculty












  the university of chicago


  department of radiology


  billings hospital, p220


  5841 south maryland avenue, mc2026


  chicago, il 60637


  773.702.6024

© 2025 
  the university of chicago




biological sciences division


university of chicago medicine


refer a patient


ucmc applications


directories


career opportunities


accessibility






facebook







twitter







instagram











