






        
            
            
                permaculture articles n stuff by paul wheaton, a giant doofus in overalls
            
        
    
    





















home
forums
blog
podcast
videos
missoula
about




















sepp holzer's permaculture
while most people think they are mending the world's problems by contemplating light bulbs or buying "organic", there are thousands of people making a more significant difference.read more »





raising chickens 2.0
after years and years of scraping/shoveling/scrubbing chicken poop i now have a system where i don't scrape/shovel/scrub any chicken poop. after years and years of selling meat/eggs for just a hair more than i paid for the feed, i've almost eliminated feed costs.read more » 





rocket mass heater
this could be the cleanest and most sustainable way to heat a conventional home. some people have reported that they heat their home with nothing more than the dead branches that fall off the trees in their yard. and they burn so clean, that a lot of sneaky people are using them illegally, in cities, without detection. read more »



 



permaculture articles









sepp holzer
sepp holzer was doing permaculture before he ever heard the word. to my knowledge, his farm is, by far, the best example of permaculture...













diatomaceous earth
diatomaceous earth (often referred to as "de") is an off white talc-like powder that is the fossilized remains of marine phytoplankton. when sprinkled on a bug that has an exoskeleton...












cast iron skillet
cooking with cast iron is one of those things where i failed utterly and repeatedly until i finally reached out to people for help. while the mighty internet had lots of advice...












rocket stove mass heater
this could be the cleanest and most sustainable way to heat a conventional home. some people have reported that they heat their home with nothing more than the dead...












raising chickens 2.0
after years and years of scraping/shoveling/scrubbing chicken poop i now have a system where i don't scrape/shovel/scrub any chicken poop. after years and years of selling meat/eggs...












lawn care
a little knowledge makes it so damn near anything can qualify for the "cheap and lazy" label. including lawn care. organic is just a bonus. the key to the lawn care game is competition...












flea control
don't panic! fleas are nothing more than a minor nuisance. panic can lead to poisons for you and profits for the panic mongers...












hugelkultur
it's a german word and some people can say it all german-ish. i'm an american doofus, so i say "hoogle culture". i had to spend some time with google to find the right spelling. hugal, hoogal, huegal, hugel ...












wofati
when it comes to eco building, there appears to be a lot of enthusiasm for straw bale homes and for cob homes. in either case, this is usually nothing more than replacing the exterior walls...












light bulbs
i used to like fluorescent lights and then i changed my mind. as the years passed, i found more and more folks like me, and more and more reasons to be uncomfortable with fluorescent lights...












electric heaters
in june of 2010 i moved to a place in montana with only electric heat. by myself. in the past few winters i had conducted experiments in cutting the amount of energy i needed to stay warm...







more articles »





permaculture videos








<


>



















































































more paul wheaton videos »






permaculture podcast





007 – discussion with larry korn about masanobu fukuoka

                in this podcast, paul talks with larry korn in ashland, oregon. larry was an intern for masaobu fukuoka for several years and did the translation for one straw revolution…
            






074 – review of sepp holzer's permaculture, preface and chapter 1
paul wheaton talks to kelda miller, a permaculture instructor in the pacific nw who spent two years at the bullock brothers homestead, and they review sepp holzer's…






087 – replacing irrigation with permaculture

                paul presents on replacing irrigation with permaculture. he shares about the sahara desert, and the relationship between trees and rainfall irrigation washes away nutrients…
            






097 – the man who planted trees
paul reviews "the man who planted trees", a beautifully animated short film about a man that brings back creeks as he plants trees. this film is more than just inspirational, it's a piece of…






211 – women peeing outdoors
paul brings up the subject of women peeing outdoors and mentions how he has been trying to make a video on this subject for a long time and the difficulties in getting women to participate…






223 – poop beast part 1
after visiting missoula's wastewater treatment plant, paul and heath carrey from montana organization of soil scientist talk about human bodily waste management and poop beasts. they talk…






230 – review of hands-on agronomy
paul and helen atthowe discuss neal kinsey's dvd hands on agronomy. the first half of the dvd focuses on basic soil science, much like you would learn if you are in a high quality…






284 – reverence for bees part 1
this podcast with paul and jacqueline freeman discussing bees is one of my favorites and worth listening to, sharing and listening to again. jacqueline and her "reverence for bees" is a self…






348 – permaculture millionaire
paul wrote a post as a reaction to an article in the huffington post about permaculture. it is the story of gert and ferd. ferd commutes to work, buys all his food, buys all his entertainment and has…






392 – joseph lofthouse on plant breeding - part 1
 paul and jocelyn sit down with joseph lofthouse and talk about seeds, plants, breeding plants and foraging. joseph is known and admired for the specific way that he breeds plants to achieve results that few…






413 – the problem with batch box rocket mass heaters - part 1
paul wheaton, kirk "donkey" mobert, erica and ernie wisner with fred tyler and ant jeremy in attendance discuss allerton abbey and the batch box heater that is installed onsite. according to paul, allerton abbey is now…






460 – wwoof – part1
paul talks with josiah, jennifer, and ron about being a world wide opportunities on organic farms(wwoof) host. the discussion covers some of the rules of wwoof-ing and why people would do it. the discussions talk about…





more podcasts »






hand made emails from the permies.com community






rocket powered wood oven







organic garden master course




an organic master gardener program taught by helen atthowe with 35 hours of online content.






solar dehydrator plans - combo package


want to harness the sun to dry food? here are plans for two solar dehydrator: the missoula1 model and wheatonatc1 model. authored by davin hoyt.
get the plans





permaculture design course and appropriate technology course


this pdc brings together some of the best minds in the permaculture community. with a variety of backgrounds and areas of expertise, these instructors convey their knowledge during the homesteaders permaculture design course.





better wood heat: diy rocket mass heater videos


4 documentary videos featuring how to build a cob style rocket mass heater and a pebble style one, how to make a shippable core, and many innovative rmh technologies.
get the wood heat dvds





world domination gardening 3-dvd set


documentary featuring hugelkultur, earthworks and the bad boy of permaculture. with a pond, a swale and a hugelkultur bed on a terrace.
get the world domination gardening dvds





permaculture playing cards




52 regular playing cards, plus two jokers, plus a bonus card
each card has an interesting tidbit about permaculture
26 cards have a name hidden on them and one card has a hidden needle
special markings for the suicide king and the one eyed jacks
bicycle quality cards, made in the usa

get the permaculture playing cards here












paul wheaton permaculture
copyright © 1986-2025
paul wheaton permaculture, missoula, mt.









