












the best hair replacement services | farrell hair replacement



















































































us/canada (323) 934-3040international +001-323-934-3040
 

virtual tour
  
 
 










home
about us
photo galleries

men’s photo gallery
women’s photo gallery


videos
testimonials
world tour
where to buy
shop
support

client support login
new user registration


blog
contact us
 


select page


  
 



 



 










the best hair replacement systems in the world

contact us 








we give private online  consultations on platforms like facetime, whatsapp, and skype. 
contact us today to end your hair loss situation.







it’s all about the look!

we all have seen people who wear hair that looks unnatural and fake. that could happen to you if you go to a company that buys inexpensive hair systems from foreign factories and glues them on your scalp.
farrell is the only company composed of hair system makers. we produce ultra custom hair systems that are state of the art and are the best in the world. only farrell ultra custom hair systems are undetectable to both sight and touch.
our primary location is in hollywood, california, which is an entertainment town, so some of our clients are actors, musicians, etc.. still, farrell hair replacement services are for everyone, not just celebrities.
whether you’re looking for the best men’s hair systems or solutions for women’s hair restoration, our hair systems are the least expensive way a person can get all of their hair back.














what makes us different

watch this video! these are the things you need to know as you venture into the world of hair replacement. 
watch richard farrell answer questions about farrell hair replacement systems. it’s unscripted and enlightening. 
you’ll understand why farrell hair replacement is your only option if you want to look incredible.

get started now









listen to jason alexander’s experience with farrell hair replacement


you have the opportunity to have richard farrell, the master himself, personally design your hair systems.

get started now







can’t come to hollywood? no problem! farrell comes to you!









farrell hair offers the best hair replacement systems no matter where you live.  the farrell tour travels to jut about every country performing private consultations with people who demand to look natural and not fake. if you need to look your best, farrell is your only option.
why wait? you can have a private
 consultation now by securing an
 appointment on our virtual tour.
 we give private consultations
 online through skype, zoom, or 
facetime.
after we finish producing your hair systems, we return to your tour city. we will cut and style your hair systems. you will have all of your hair back, and you will look and feel incredible!
 

video gallery





ultra custom hair systems

visit our video gallery and watch richard’s many different media events where he performs on television appearances, makeover shows, and live demonstrations in front of audiences worldwide.
only farrell ultra custom hair systems can fool hd and 4k video cameras. notice that other hair replacement companies don’t do makeover events on tv and such because their systems look fake. looking fake is worse than having no hair at all.
once you have seen the dramatic difference between farrell and the other companies, you will have discovered what everyone calls “the farrell difference!”

view tour dates












get started here to receive your  private consultation at a
farrell salon or farrell tour city.

click here to view the latest tour dates and schedule your free consultation.























view gallery 









“thank you for giving me my life back!”

listen to our latest five star review and find out why everyone values their experience with us!

see all reviews







latest news












								as a woman, why should i choose a non surgical hair replacement system?							

by studio98 | feb 3, 2021 | uncategorizednon surgical hair replacement systems have come a long way over the years. let’s explore some of the questions you may have about hair replacement systems for women.






								3 frequently asked questions about non-surgical hair replacement							

by studio98 | feb 2, 2021 | uncategorizedit’s estimated that up to 50% of men experience thinning hair by age 50. here are some of the commonly asked questions about non surgical hair replacement.






								4 benefits of non surgical hair systems versus surgical hair restoration							

by studio98 | jan 4, 2021 | uncategorizedlet’s explore some of the benefits of custom hair systems for men as opposed to typical surgical hair replacement options.






go to blog







get started today




"*" indicates required fields


first name*last name*email address*

phone number*city*state*country*afghanistanalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos islandscolombiacomoroscongo, democratic republic of thecongo, republic of thecook islandscosta ricacroatiacubacuraçaocyprusczech republiccôte d'ivoiredenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaeswatini (swaziland)ethiopiafalkland islandsfaroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard and mcdonald islandsholy seehondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaumacedoniamadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesiamoldovamonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorth koreanorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestine, state ofpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarromaniarussiarwandaréunionsaint barthélemysaint helenasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martinsaint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maartenslovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgiasouth koreasouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayen islandsswedenswitzerlandsyriataiwantajikistantanzaniathailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluus minor outlying islandsugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited statesuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuelavietnamvirgin islands, britishvirgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabweåland islandszip code*tell us when you are looking to solve your hair loss problem*

immediately


in the next two months


in the next 6 months


i don’t know. i am just looking at my options
tell us about your hair loss situation*captchaemailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  

























 










facebook




x




instagram


©  farrell hair. all rights reserved. | custom web design by studio98. 






password reset

        
            please enter your e-mail address. you will receive a new password via e-mail.            

email: 
















			×			






































