 the ultimate celebration of catering & event excellence 














 























 





  you need to enable javascript to run this app.feb 24 – 27, 2025 broward county convention centerfort lauderdale, flhomehomeabout usexpand_moreabout ussustainability & deicode of conductcatersourcespecial eventsattendexpand_morewhy attendagenda-at-a-glancepasses & pricingexhibit hallshowcasing eventshands-on hundredconferenceexpand_more2025 sessionsart of catering foodcontinuing edu creditsexhibit & sponsorexpand_moreour audiencewhy exhibit?booth pricing & infosponsorshipslead insights2025 floor planexhibitor portalresourcesexpand_morefaqspartners & associationsadvertisehealth & safetyvenue & hotelsregister nowmenuregisterback to toptoparrow_upwardfeb 24 – 27, 2025 broward county convention centerfort lauderdale, flthe ultimate celebration of catering & event excellencethe premier event where caterers, event planners, and suppliers unite in a dynamic, immersive environment designed to inspire and elevate the industry. previouslearn morelearn morelearn morelearn morelearn morelearn morelearn more next123unlock the future of events & catering!download brochureinspire, elevate, expand! cs+tse 2025 keynotesthis is your exclusive opportunity to gain insights from industry experts and position yourself at the forefront of event planning and catering excellencewill guidaraopening keynotewednesday, february 26, 2025. 9:00am - 10:00ambrett culpclosing keynotethursday, february 27, 2025. 9:00am - 10:00amlearn morethe catering + event experience designed to ignite and inspirewhy attendan event filled with creativity and connectionslearn moreshowcasing eventsnetwork and become reinspiredlearn morepasses & pricingwhat you need to know for 2025learn morehands on hundredgain valuable experiencelearn morepartner with usmeet new customerslearn moretradeshow floorthe best of the best in ideas and resourcescatersource + the special event 2024 was a great success!thanks to our exhibitors, attendees, speakers, and partners for making catersource + the special event 2024 a huge success. elevate, innovate, celebrate at catersource + the special event!catersource + the special event 2024 highlightsexhibitor voices: unveiling the catersource + the special event experienceexclusive conference sessions at catersource + the special event led by industry leadersexperience the magic: expand your network at our showcasing eventsdiscover the perfect pass for your ultimate experience2024 attendeenew trendsyou can learn new trends and things to make your business better. so many great ideas by brilliant people.2024 attendeeeducationi got a ton of knowledge from experts that i am so excited to apply to my career. i feel that it is a tremendous growth opportunity.2024 attendeeinspiringi think it is a very helpful tool and resource for myself and fellow team members. we always leave inspired, which is wonderful.2024 attendeeessentiali think everyone needs to check out this event, if they are in the industry.2024 attendeenetworkingi’m a destination wedding photographer based in new england, and this was an amazing networking opportunity for me to meet planners across the us. the talks/classes were very helpful for sales and marketing.2024 attendeescamaraderiemeeting thousands of people that do the same thing that i do and sharing all the same industry issues. it is like therapy.2024 attendeeinformativethis conference was great! the classes and speakers were second to none, very informative.2024 attendeenew trendsyou can learn new trends and things to make your business better. so many great ideas by brilliant people.2024 attendeeeducationi got a ton of knowledge from experts that i am so excited to apply to my career. i feel that it is a tremendous growth opportunity.2024 attendeeinspiringi think it is a very helpful tool and resource for myself and fellow team members. we always leave inspired, which is wonderful.2024 attendeeessentiali think everyone needs to check out this event, if they are in the industry.2024 attendeenetworkingi’m a destination wedding photographer based in new england, and this was an amazing networking opportunity for me to meet planners across the us. the talks/classes were very helpful for sales and marketing.2024 attendeescamaraderiemeeting thousands of people that do the same thing that i do and sharing all the same industry issues. it is like therapy.2024 attendeeinformativethis conference was great! the classes and speakers were second to none, very informative.2024 attendeenew trendsyou can learn new trends and things to make your business better. so many great ideas by brilliant people.platinum sponsorsnowstagold sponsorscventlotech salespro em national event serviceshealth & safety informationclick here for information on health & safety at catersource + the special eventcatersource + the special event showcstse_showcatersource + the special eventcatersource + the special eventhomecontactprivacyterms of useterms & conditionsccpa: do not sell my personal infocopyright © 2025 informa connect limited. registered in england & wales with number 01835199, registered office 5 howick place, london, sw1p 1wg.

















