



  







genomed








































 


 




skip to content










home
company profile

board of directors
advisory boards
patrons and partners


technology and approach
targeted diseases
company news

press releases
publications
in the media
questions & answers
awards
blog


clinical outcomes improvement
clinical trials
email alerts
contact us
 












home




applying genomics to the practice of medicine
press releases | in the media | publications | questions & answers | blog
the medical industry is on an unsustainable course. costs, already high, are still rising while outcomes mostly haven’t changed. the aging of the baby boomers threatens to bankrupt medicare in the next few years. china and india can’t afford kidney dialysis for the hundreds of millions of people who need it. only prevention can improve outcomes while simultaneously lowering costs. fortunately, genomics lets us find the root causes of disease. genomed is inventing the field of preventive molecular medicine. we are also inventing a new business model for medicine.
 genomed guarantees the best outcomes in the medical literature for diabetes, high blood pressure (also called “hypertension”), copd (also called “emphysema”), sickle cell disease, or your money back! (more info…)
the best outcomes in the medical literature, or it’s free™.
help us make the world dialysis-free by 2025.
a recent letter from a genomed customer….
“as always, thank you so much for helping us and stabilizing dad, buying some more time so he’s not critical… there isn’t a day that goes by that dad mentions how much he likes you & feels that you’ve given him an opportunity to still enjoy a bit of the quality of his life. …you have no idea how much peace of mind i have knowing you have been on board and at the least looking at dads numbers / labs and checking on him. it’s not easy finding a doctor such as yourself. if anything changes would it be ok if we got in touch with you. i know dad feels like you have been instrumental on his well being and i believe more than anything that is crucial. fondest regards, denise”











about us
technology & approach
targeted diseases
board of directors
advisory boards
news
request information
sitemap





						© 2001-2017 genomed. all rights reserved. 
					

						powered by strategy stl










