


knit baby clothes, knit camouflage, and american indian designs knitted into sweaters and hand knits














knit winona camo™, and american indian designs knitted into sweaters, jackets and hand knits.
we custom knit native basketry motifs onto knit hats, dance shawls and much more. custom knit winona camo™  is one of our specialties!








  
 

















we create knit native and knit camo baby clothes, knit caps, hats, headbands with the famous knit winona camo system™, american indian designs on knit dance shawls and more!
we make custom knit clothes in winona camo™ and indian basketry motifs that you will enjoy wearing or giving as a gift!
 
the knit tree  is a small family owned business  in northern california. our online store offers unique knit camo with the famous winona camo™ design on jackets and vests with sherpa lining, native american hats, headbands, and blankets,   our most popular items are our knit baby clothes, knit camouflage winona camo™ sweaters, jackets and knit winona beanies and american indian designs. our online catalog saves you shopping time by pulling together all the best knitted items in our on line catalog! search our knit categories to find the perfect knit for you.


the knit tree enters the world of social media in 2015
visit our blog, facebook, and our articles page  with machine knitting techniques, tips, and patterns
 

a home business  often becomes established because of the need of a parent to work in their home  because of the need to care for their children with special needs or to offset the high cost of child care. we are proud to have our cottage industry  fulfill this need by sharing information for those that want to have their own cottage industry on our articles page. the knit tree also began a blog to share information on machine knitting  techniques and patterns and short knitting videos of machine knitting tips and techniques. 
the mission of the knit tree blog and articles page is to share the over 50 years of machine knitting knowledge.   sharon nani, owner of the knit tree contributed professional machine knitting techniques, knitting patterns and more to several machine knitting magazines. you can find pdf copies of these articles on the knit tree's articles page.
we hope you get inspiration, information, and support by going to the machine knitting blog topic  or article,of your choice also visit us on facebook for a lighthearted approach to  machine knitting.


the knit tree is liscensed by bob fratzke to custom knit the  line of knit winona camo™ hunting clothes.

winona camo™ clothing  that was manufactured by bob fratzke in 1980's and early 90's is now custom knit by the knit tree. go to our camouflage showroom to see photos of camouflage knits, then you can go to the knit tree's online catalog knit camouflage category to purchase any of the knit winona  camo™ jackets, knit winona camo™ pants, knit camouflage caps and more.  you will even find knit camo baby clothes with the knit winona camo™ graphic design to match mom and dads knit camouflage outfit.  if you enjoy reading articles, sharon nani, owner of the knit tree has written several on the topic of knit winona camouflage™ and bob fratzke.  read about camouflage clothing for hunting and knit yarn properties , knit winona  camo™ ridge runner cap, and compare winona knit camo system™ originated by bob fratzke to the knit tree's knit camouflage clothing.  the history about bob fratzke and his winona knit camouflage system™ can be found in the article: bob fratzke ~ originator of winona camo™ enjoy looking at the winona camo™ and hunting photo gallery.  several photos of bob fratkze and his trophy white tail deer can be found there. an article about different knit  camouflage color ways. that are offered by the knit tree is also available.
copyright and licensing acknowledgements
  "all winona camo™ items by the knit tree are produced under license derived from trademarks-copyrights originated by bob fratzke."


american indian knit designs
american indian designs 
	knit into clothing is unique to our site. we have various native american designs that reflect the hoopa indian basket hat designs.  darlene marshall is our featured native artisan.  she is a registered member of the hupa tribe and lives on the hoopa reservation in northern california -- the headbands and beanie caps in different tribal patterns are particularly popular.  we are proud to say that young and old alike enjoy the knitted american indian designs offered in the knit tree's online catalog...  the knit tree also offers the unique personalized service of handlooming on knit baby clothes, flag blankets, dance shawls and native american reproduction knits of indians designs requested by various tribes of native americans and individuals.
	the pacific northwest salish designs have a uniqueness that is well represented on the knit products offered by the knit tree. our native american indian designs are offered on our retail online store in the native american catergory and we also have a wholesale site for our native american indian designs. contact us for wholesale information.

yarn kits and knitting patterns are featured for machine knitting and hand knitting
the knit tree 
	web site offers fashionable knits ranging from garments to home decor, but we know there are lots of creative hand knitters, machine knitters, and sewers who would rather "do it themselves"!â to make that knitting or fiber craft project easier and help you save money at the same time, the knit tree online shopping catalog introduces the "yarn kits and patterns" showroom where you will find booklets and instructional patterns, , and yarn kits. then go to the knit tree's online store to purchase the most popular yarn kit is season 12 dr. who scarf yarn kit and knitting pattern. 
we enjoy sharing hints and tips about knitting and yarns in our product descriptions of our yarn kits.â go to our online catalog to learn more. sharon nani, owner of the knit tree is also sharing many of the articles that she wrote for various knitting magazines on the article page of the web site.. learn the knitting skills that the knit tree artisans use in their unique hand loomed knits by reading the articles: such as how to select the correct knit size to purchase or knit , how to sew on knit fabric or articles with free knitting patterns including the technical skills on how to knit the cap or slipper by hand or knitting machine and much more.... 


thanks for supporting our knitting cottage industry
your support of our native knits and custom knit winona camo™ items are greatly appreciated. be assured each item has been knit with a personal touch! 
  visit us on facebook too ~ page is in constant development











 
sharon nani
21050 scheer drive, redding, ca 96002
e-mail: customerservice@theknittree.com


our showrooms:
bread & butter basics • camouflage • yarn kits and knit patterns
native american reproductions • featured native artisan
personalized • one of a kind
 find information fast 
go to our online store to shop •  go to our blog • site map • contact us
 visit more pages at the knit tree
winona camo™ and hunting photo gallery • hot specials • faqs •
   what's hot! • articles • links 
   •about native design & art •
   
    home • about us
contents © 2004-2021 the knit tree - knit baby clothes, unique camouflage clothes 
winona camo™ knit clothing and accessories originated by bob fratzke are now custom knit by the knit tree 
reproduction knits with american indian designs and symbols
authentic indian designs by darlene marshall include hats, scarfs, headbands, blankets, handpainted knits and more 
  yarn kits with hand knitting or machine knitting patterns for dr who style scarf, 
  unique camouflage knit products:  camo zipper front jackets, visor caps, camo mittens with deerskin, camo slipper socks and hoodies
  handloomed knit blankets and dance shawls with eagle, orca killer whale, wolf, bear and owl designs inspired from the art of the pacific northwest
  indian dance shawls with geometric hupa indian basketry designs and native american visor caps
content, articles or photos on this site may not be used without permission.


 the knit tree - an american knitwear cottage industry - custom knit and handloomed
knit baby clothes, knit winona camo™, and american indian designs 
 knitted into sweaters andâ hand loomed knits

this site originally designed, built and marketed by precision intermedia. 2004 - 2005
updated, maintained, expanded and marketed by the knit tree with the technical support of precision intermedia 2004 - 2021  






         
  





