









	news & home




























search





login














menu



news & home


subscribe


unsubscribe


newsletter archive


news from chicago




upcoming


list of upcoming events


traveling league


traveling league matches by player and class


traveling league summary




results


2019 uha state doubles results


2018 great gorilla results


2017 fall league position day & toilet bowl


2017 bi-athlon




players


colorado hall of fame


obituaries


current cha members




clubs


regional


2018 utah state doubles handball tournament




about


activities


organization


contacts


501(c) 3 status























news & announcements


boletines en español (newsletters in spanish)puede ver cualquiera de nuestros boletines en el idioma de su elección. haga clic aquí para ver los boletines en español  
(you can view any of our newsletters in the language of your choice.  click here for spanish newsletters)   announcement expires:  sunday, march 14, 2027 facebook group for colorado handballvisit the colorado handball facebook group where many of our members post photos and discuss issues related to playing in events and the clubs they belong to.     read more ... announcement expires:  sunday, march 14, 2027 submit your handball news itemsconsider this your chance to get your handball related event, tourney results, or news items published on the most popular handball web site in the rocky mountain region.  just send an email with your photos, comments, news, or event details to news@coloradohandball.com - we will make room available for all submissions made in good faith - it is entirely free, you don't have to pay a cent.

also note that if you are a dues paying member in the cha (which automatically includes *everyone* who played in the 2012 fall traveling league) - you can submit a sky-scraper formatted ad and it will be rotated in to page views on our home page at no additional cost to you.  several members take advantage of this - you can see their ads along the right side by scrolling down the page.  sky-scraper format is 120 pixels wide by 600 pixels high - enough to grab serious attention from our site visitors.  and it is a proven fact that handball players prefer to do business with other handball players before any unknown business entity, so it pays to get your business recognized.  just send your ad content to the same email noted above.   announcement expires:  sunday, march 14, 2027 follow "handballnews" on twitter 
many of our good members have told us that twitter is a good way to send short updates to a group of interested people.  okay, so maybe we're not completely sold on the idea, but we are willing to give it a try.  if you are interested in handballnews items, you can follow our "tweets" which we promise to contain only items that apply to our handball community - no commercial ads will ever be accepted. 
if you have a news flash that you want to share with the handball players following our twittering, then tweet us and we will do our best to retweet your item. you can also find us via your browser at:
http://twitter.com/handballnews
finally, you can search twitter for "handballnews" (one word) to follow us. 
   read more ... announcement expires:  sunday, march 14, 2027 
















quick links







                    newsletter archive
                
                     
                    ...


newsletter archive





                    event calendar
                
                     
                    ...


upcoming event calendar





                    results links
                
                     
                    ...


links to results pages





                    obituaries
                
                     
                    ...


list of obituaries





                    facebook for colorado handball
                
                     
                    ...


visit or join the colorado handball facebook group page





                    #handballnews twitter
                







                    subscribe
                
                     
                    ...


subscribe to handball tournament news
























terms of use |
					    privacy statement

a 501(c)3 non-profit. copyright 2025 by 5 practical computer services



site managed by five practical computer services (http://5pcs.com)














