


























university of new orleans | the university of new orleans 

















    skip to main content










give to uno







menumenu
















hamburger aux menu


maps & directions


for current students


for faculty & staff


for alumni


for parents


employment opportunities


give now



privateer sports




hamburger menu





future students


admissions


visit campus


undergraduate admissions


graduate admissions


financial aid


tuition and fees


scholarships and awards




academics


academics home


undergraduate programs


graduate programs


general education


professional and continuing education (pace)


online degree programs


service learning


study abroad




colleges


business administration


engineering


liberal arts, education and human development


college of sciences


school of the arts


school of education


school of naval architecture


hotel, restaurant & tourism


school of interdisciplinary studies


the graduate school




about uno


about uno


at a glance


office of the president


administrative offices


mission & vision


history


university advancement


alumni




research


research home


faculty & staff research


student research


collaborate with uno


office of research




student life


student life home


campus safety


on campus housing


campus dining


recreation & fitness


student health


campus hangouts


get involved















front page 2 cta menu


see yourself at uno


apply today


visit campus


majors


request info






get to know uno
get to know uno is a special day planned for you and your guests to learn more about what makes the university of new orleans louisiana's premier metropolitan university. you'll have a chance to speak with faculty, staff, and student leaders to learn more about our admission requirements, academic programs, financial aid, scholarships, campus life and more!
register - feb 15


 









university news
view all news






university of new orleans again awarded carnegie ‘r2’ designationread more >




university of new orleans announces jazz at the sandbar spring 2025 performersread more >




university of new orleans showcases leadership during louisiana wind energy weekread more >




four students earn cedric richmond scholarships for spring 2025read more >




university of new orleans partners with gardner institute and complete college america to redesign the first two years of collegeread more >




provost darrell kruger receives fulbright u.s. scholar award to study higher education in indiaread more >




uno kabacoff school of hotel, restaurant and tourism administration partners with local organizations to create french quarter accessibility mapread more >




university to launch ai literacy micro-credential free for all studentsread more >






stellar programs





 









college of liberal arts, education & human development





featuring: jazz studies at the school of music
where better to study jazz than new orleans? this uno program of excellence, founded in 1989 by jazz patriarch ellis marsalis, is celebrated for distinction in teaching, unique performance opportunities and distinguished alumni.




view all programs






 









henry bernstein college of business administration





featuring: hotel, restaurant and tourism administration
our school offers one of the best known bachelors and master's degrees in hotel, restaurant and tourism administration. our exceptional master's degree program is the only one in the state of louisiana.




view all programs






 









dr. robert a. savoie college of engineering





featuring: naval architecture and marine engineering
due to a high demand for our graduates and the quality of our challenging program, we expect to continue to thrive and take our place among the best naval architecture and marine engineering programs in the world.




view all programs






 









college of sciences





featuring: computer science
the national security agency and the department of homeland security have designated the university of new orleans as a national center of academic excellence in cyber defense research. uno is one of about 60 designated research centers in the country and the only one in louisiana.




view all programs














our students
graduate with less debt


affordable


77%


receive some form of financial assistance


uno is among the top 50 national universities whose students graduate with the least average debt (u.s. news & world report). nearly 77% of our students receive some form of financial assistance every year, totaling over $41 million dollars in financial aid and scholarships.


results


90%


employed within two years after graduating


90% of our students are employed two years after graduation according to niche.com. uno has been ranked top in the state in lowest student debt and number one in louisiana in highest early career salaries.












diversity, equity, and inclusion at uno
this work is not the responsibility of the few. it requires a collective effort to bring necessary change to our campus. we are not doing this because it is easy but because it is worthwhile
learn more >









life in new orleans





 









around the city





world-renowned for its food, music, and annual celebrations and festivals, new orleans is one of a kind. find out how privateers live and breath the big easy spirit. 







 









mardi gras





 mardi gras in new orleans is a must. from tourist to locals, the city explodes with fun all month long! experience mardi gras the privateer style with our quick tips guide.







 









festivals





new orleans is home to over 130 festivals a year spanning from music, food, and art. check out our students personal favorites.







 









on campus





with campus being just 15 minutes to the historic french quarter, 10 minutes to the central business district, and just 5 minutes to the lakefront, living on campus opens a world of new experiences and culture for new and incoming students.















put uno first
uno first is the university's annual fund which supports all aspects of the student experience. it resources scholarships, state-of-the-art facilities, and academic program enhancements and provides flexibility for the university to respond to challenges as they arise.
make a gift   put uno first for uno’s future
 









privateer athletics

catch the privateers this season on espn+.
how to watch on espn
 











you need to be here

if you're up to the challenge, we want you to bring that energy to our campus, along with your ideas, your perspective and your ambition. every year when we welcome a new class, uno takes on a slightly different personality. because our students make this place what it is.






front page 2 - cta menu bottom 


and now it's your turn


apply today


take a virtual tour


request info

















2000 lakeshore drive new orleans, la 70148


888-514-4275


additional contacts




learn


admission information


programs of study


scholarships and awards


tuition and fees




experience


international center


our campus


student life


accessibility




connect










all social


university calendar


español - tiếng việt






request info


apply


visit


give








© 2024 university of new orleans


emergency preparedness


ul system


non-discrimination


campus crime stats


title ix & power based violence




















