


  











orange county’s test only smog check center – star certified smog station serving all of orange county since 1965


























 









↓ 
 

javascript is disabled. please enable javascript on your browser to best view this site.





		orange county’s test only smog check center


search for:



 star certified smog station serving all of orange county since 1965








auto research center
coupon
do i need a smog check
selling my car
hybrid smog checks




home 






auto research center



                                                                                                      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 auto research center garden grove smog check

orange county star certified test only smog check center.
we smog check all vehicles for smog certificate including diesels, hybrids, propane and natural gas.  star stations are smog check stations that meet higher performance standards established by the bureau of automotive repair.



independent family business.
for most people a smog check is not fun or convenient. so, we want make the process as easy and enjoyable as possible for you. we genuinely care about your car and your experience, and it shows. our first-time customers continually become our long term customers time and time again.  
we are a test only smog station.  we do not do repairs.  we want your vehicle to pass.   we smog all vehicles including heavy duty trucks, rv’s & gross polluters.







we guarantee you a smog certificate or one free retest.  if your vehicle fails, you can repair it your self or at any other facility.  other stations require you to let them do the repairs for you to receive the free retest.



all smog checks are not equal.  compare our procedures with others.
no bait and switch.  our price is the final price!!!!








extra services
auto research
other smog stations




electronic transmission


no extra charge
extra charge of $3 to $5




obd ii, 1996 & newer vehicles


no extra charge
extra charge of $5 to $10




retest


free
only free if they do repairs




no dmv papers


free
extra charge















regular smog tests,
test only smog checks


smog checks for
gross polluters

















smog checks for trucks


smog checks for motorhomes and rv’s




 
        




one free retest 
we guarantee you a smog certificate or one free retest.  if your vehicle fails, you can repair it your self or at any other facility.  other stations require you to let them do the repairs for you to receive the free retest.
smog check costs all smog checks are not equal.  compare our procedures with others.
no bait and switch.  our price is the final price!!!!



recent posts


coupon


smog check information


 




		copyright 1995-2016 © rmk research associates™ and smogcheck.com ™ all rights reserved. ard #270258 no text or graphics may be copied without written permission. online since june 25, 1995. smogcheck.com ™ is registered with state of california, orange county. any infringement will be subject to legal action.		 
 


↑





