



























































study biology - faculty of science















faculty of science































study science




schools




our research




industry and community




news and events




about the faculty
























































home


study science


study areas



				agriculture and food
			



				animal health and veterinary science
			



				biology
			



				chemistry
			



				environment and geosciences
			



				history and philosophy of science
			



				human health
			



				mathematics and statistics
			



				physics
			



				psychology
			



				technology
			

















        
        study area_
    





    
    
    biology 







     
         study biology to discover how living systems work
     









     
         journey from molecular mechanisms and whole organism processes to the ecological scale, as you study living systems in biology. 
     





biology holds the key to solving some of the biggest challenges our planet faces. you can investigate a multitude of life forms from viruses, bacteria and protozoans, to fungi, plants and animals, including us humans.
as you unravel the complexities of how these life forms interact with each other and their abiotic environments, your studies can take you from the laboratory to a rainforest, desert, farm or underwater. be astounded and endlessly fascinated by the immense diversity of biology, and feel prepared for a career that can take you around the world.
you can choose a specialist biology degree, or choose to undertake a biology-related program, major, minor, or electives within one of our other degrees.





     
         biology courses
     






                    specialist courses
                





bachelor of science (medical science)

bachelor of science and bachelor of advanced studies (animal and veterinary bioscience)

bachelor of science and bachelor of advanced studies (taronga wildlife conservation)

bachelor of veterinary biology and doctor of veterinary medicine









                    undergraduate courses
                





bachelor of science
bachelor of science and bachelor of advanced studies
bachelor of liberal arts and science

biology majors available:

anatomy and histology major
animal production major
animal health, disease and welfare major
biochemistry and molecular biology major
biology major
ecology and evolutionary biology major
food science major
genetics and genomics major
immunology and pathology major (also available to study separately as minors: immunology, pathology)
marine science major
microbiology major
nutrition science major
wildlife conservation (minor only)

most majors are also available as minors.








                    postgraduate courses
                





master of nutrition and dietetics

master of marine science and management

doctor of veterinary medicine









                    postgraduate research courses
                





doctor of philosophy (phd) in science
master of philosophy (science)
graduate diploma in science

to find a potential supervisor visit research supervisor connect.









why study with us?

our courses in biology include hands-on laboratory and field work that’s relevant to your area of study.
we are ranked 2nd in australia and 27th in the world for life sciences and medicine by the qs world university rankings by subject 2024.
you can work in one of our many field sites, including one tree island in the great barrier reef and crommelin biological research station, depending on which study areas you choose.
you can also work with taronga zoo staff, facilities and animals, and do research with partners, such as the csiro and the royal botanic garden, sydney.

biology careers
our graduates can be found in many settings and roles, including:









animal breeding program manager
biosecurity scientist
biotechnologist
ecologist
entomologist









molecular geneticist

national parks and wildlife services officer
plant biologist 
reproductive biologist
sustainable agriculturalist














     
         scholarships
     


     
         view our offerings
     










news_











     
         biology careers
     





                        find out what career and job opportunities you could pursue with a biology degree.
                    








































