




data recovery services by top data recovery company | ace data recovery













































































ada





call us now
1-877-304-7189



forum





                                    english 


 english
 español




















data recovery

hard drive recovery
ssd data recovery
network storage recovery
raid data recovery
apple mac recovery
mobile device recovery
virtualization recovery
exchange server
sql server recovery
tape data retrieval
flash media recovery
file systems recovery



service options

how to start recovery
pricing options
remote recovery
emergency recovery
recovery services
tape duplication
computer forensics
data destruction



locations


resources


partner programs

overview
referral program
reseller program
corporate program
certified partner program
partners faq


case studies
customer testimonials

publications

articles
newsletters
press releases
ace data group video
recovery cases blog


data recovery glossary
data recovery tips



about us

corporate information
contacts and locations
why choose us
career opportunities
our clients and partners
press releases
research & development



start recovery





                                    english 


 english
 español






get free quote





































data loss?

 we can recover your data
                                from any device or media

start recovery 
talk to experts 1-877-304-7189









hard drives recovery
unbootable hard drive?clicking noise?



raid arrays recovery
broken raid array?inconsistent nas drive?



solid state drives recovery
controller locked?wear leveling problems?



server data recovery
virtual disk lost?database "torn page"?








data recovery services - hard drive, raid, ssd and more










why choose us?
we've already saved business data worth millions of dollars, countless family photos that many clients thought was lost forever.we'll do the same for you. or it's free. 









success rate of our data recovery services

a real, unsurpassed 98% success rate. one of the highest success rates in the industry










all in-house

all recovery procedures are performed in our labs - we never outsource recovery procedures
                                         and your media never leaves our company












research and development

ace data recovery is the only manufacturer of data recovery equipment in the u.s.










clean rooms

high-tech data recovery facilities with class 100 clean rooms electronically monitored 24/7












"unrecoverable" devices

we recover data from devices or media considered "unrecoverable" by other companies










"no data, no charge"

free evaluation, all inclusive price, free return media, and "no data, no charge" commitment











ace data recovery has been in business for over 30 years and has earned the reputation of being
                               the most experienced and trusted data recovery company. we professionally recover data from
                                hard drives, raids, solid state drives, flash drives, sd cards, and
                                tapes.
                            

                                we have a comprehensive pricing schedule that includes a free professional diagnostic evaluation, guaranteed all-inclusive price quote that will never increase, free shipping and free return media for completed projects, and "no data - no charge" commitment.
                            this commitment to transparent service makes us a leading data recovery company, trusted by clients nationwide.









lost your family photos or business accounting data?



looking for free diagnostics? - try our standard service

need it faster? - our expedited service is your option
                                    

select the right services for your needs!









as a microsoft registered partner, we have extensive experience performing microsoft exchange® and microsoft sql® database recoveries. our engineers can get any types of files from any storage media no matter what the cause
                                of the failure is.
                                
                                    all recovery procedures are done in our labs, and we never outsource recovery projects to other companies. we have high-tech recovery facilities with class 100
                                    clean rooms that are electronically monitored for air quality and particulate contamination 24 hours a day. all recovery operations are performed on image copies made with our proprietary
                                    direct-drive access reader (dda reader™) preventing further damage to the same media and modification of the original data.
                                    

ace data recovery realizes how valuable your personal information, videos, photos and music is to you and your family.  we are the proven leader in providing all media data recovery solutions for individual consumer needs.  ace data recovery offers data recovery solutions that not only meet your technical requirements but just as importantly, provides you the best overall financial value for your recovery needs.









our recovery process





1.you bring
bring or ship your failed storage media to our office or lab for a free diagnostic evaluation.




2.you approve
receive and approve an all-inclusive quote, so we can start the process immediately.




3.we recover
give us few days to recover your data and to copy it to a free return media.




4.we deliver
get your data back, copy it to your computer and benefit from our free post-recovery support.











                                our data recovery experts routinely work on highly complex projects to recover data from mission-critical enterprise servers. every single raid data recovery case gets our special attention because we understand them to be the top priority for most organizations. 
                                we know that you can't afford to lose your vital business data and we’ll make every effort to get your business up and running again as quickly as possible. ace data recovery's workflow often includes work botched by others and devices considered "unrecoverable" by other companies. 
                                if you've been told that your valuable data is not recoverable, please read our customer case studies. with our industry leading success rate, we succeed where other labs fail. our recovery engineers are the elite in this industry and handpicked from around the world. 
                                our in-house team of research & development engineers design and develop cutting edge hardware and software solutions to access more data and complete recovery requests faster. when our existing recovery technologies won't address a particular problem, we can quickly develop custom solutions.
                            















ace data recovery clients testimonials








 










"they are my heroes!!!" –

kinsey p.




                                                        my external hard drive dropped and would not turn on. i was devastated because i have years of videos of my children i did not have anywhere else stored on there. i was contacted a few days ago by ace data recovery saying they can recover my drive! they
                                                        are my heroes!!!
                                                    


rated 


 5.0















"i am truly grateful to them" – 

tennisplayer x.




                                                        a month ago, i lost several years worth of data. everything was gone, gone, gone. not only the ace data recovery people recovered my data, my precious pictures, but they also helped me set up ways to back up my data properly. i am truly grateful to them
                                                        and would highly recommend this company!
                                                    


rated 


 5.0















"i could not be happier. thanks ace!" – 

chris mccracken




                                                        i can't say enough about ace data recovery. they exceeded expectations on every level. my client has a large raid array that was damaged due to an apparent power surge caused by construction in the building. the surge also took out their onsite backups,
                                                        so our options were limited. ace was able to reconstruct the entire array and retrieve 100% of their data!
                                                    


rated 


 5.0















"i highly recommend their services" – 

mike springer




                                                         we had a critical drive crash and discovered the backup software had failed. we were told the data was unrecoverable. so, i contacted ace data recovery to see if they thought there was hope. i was skeptical, but hopeful. the drive had over 300 gb of data, and ace was able to recover every byte! they replaced my skepticism with total confidence in their engineers and tools and professionalism.
                                                    


rated 


 5.0















" i'd recommend this business" – 

binson l.




                                                           my business hard drive crashed. ace data recovery did a fantastic job of taking care of me. as a huge nervous wreck, i was grateful for every team member of their staff. we paid for the expedited services and it was worth it! i'd definitely recommend this business to anyone who has that sinking feeling of losing all of your data.            
                                                    


rated 


 5.0






















make sure you choose the right company the first time because you may not get a second chance to recover your data. with the most advanced recovery capabilities, ace data recovery has helped thousands of businesses and individuals
                                to recover their data and will welcome the opportunity to help you with your data recovery needs.




























































ace data recovery frequently asked questions




how much do the data recovery services typically cost?




ace data recovery offers diverse pricing options based on level of urgency and type of recovery:

standard recovery: includes free diagnostics with a 1-2 day report and a 3-5 day turnaround.
expedited recovery: engineers start recovery upon receipt, providing a report and quote within 24 hours, with a 1-2 day turnaround.
emergency recovery: 24/7 service with immediate recovery upon receipt.

we also offer value-added hourly model that can save you hundreds! please call 1-877-304-7189 for a free cost estimate.the actual cost of recovery varies based on the type of storage media, level of urgency and damage.
"no data - no charge" policy ensures fair pricing with no hidden fees. $99 fee applies if drive seals were broken. return shipping is free for completed recoveries in the continental us.







is your data recovery service secure and reliable?




yes, our data recovery service is secure and reliable. ace data recovery performs all procedures in-house, maintains high-tech facilities with class 100 clean rooms, boasts a 98% success rate, and offers a "no data - no charge" commitment. our experience, transparency, and innovation ensure trustworthy data retrieval. you can also check out our customer testimonials. 






how long does the data recovery process take usually?




ace data recovery offers tailored recovery options to suit diverse needs and urgency levels. these options include immediate customer support, expedited service with a 1-2 day turnaround, and a cost-effective solution with a timeframe of 3-5 business days. actual recovery duration may vary based on case intricacies. clients can call our toll free number 1-877-304-7189 for real-time updates on their recovery progress.






does availing your services void my storage device's warranty?




our data recovery process complies with manufacturer specifications, safeguarding your original warranty. with decades of experience, we ensure data integrity and confidentiality throughout the recovery process.






what if i avail your service and the data is not recovered?




we have a success rate of 98%, among the highest in industry, so, your data will most likely be recovered. but, in case you do not get your data back, our "no data - no charge" policy means that if we are unable to recover any viable files that you’re looking for, there are no charges to you. we don't have an attempt fee - a non refundable fee many recovery companies charge. in fact, we don't have any hidden or additional fees. you pay what is quoted to you if we are successful. our rigorous quality assurance process makes sure that you receive the data you are looking for.






how will you provide the recovered data back?




your data will be returned to you on flash drive or external hard drive. hard drives will be furnished free of charge at the discretion of ace data recovery. please note that drives furnished by ace data recovery are only a delivery vehicle for your data.








latest publications




 may, 2024
dealing with a media damaged hard drive is a daunting experience, but taking precautions can improve the chances of recovering your data.
                                        read more..







 may, 2024
fixing your macbook with recovery mode: a guide to common issues
                                        read more..







 may, 2024
what is hard drive clicking? understanding its causes and fixes
                                    read more..















          copyright © 2025 ace data group, llc.
        
































site map
north america



























chat with us, powered by livechat


