     car dealer in lewistown, pa | new and used vehicles for sale| lake auto                         




                 















lake auto





 


lake ford lincoln
223-257-2060

lake chevrolet gmc
717-437-8291

lake chrysler dodge jeep ram
717-820-9210



533 s main st.
lewistown, pa 17044
                       







service







map







contact





















lake auto




      call 223-257-2060   directions    

             home   new vehicles   search inventory   get pre-qualified   find my car   how to build your own deal     pre-owned vehicles   search inventory   vehicles under 20k   carfax 1 owner   certified pre-owned vehicles   get pre-qualified   find my car     finance   get pre-qualified   get pre-approved   protect your investment     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials     service & parts   service & parts   schedule ford service   schedule gm service   schedule cdjr service   collision center   pay your invoice     about us   lake it, love it pricing   our group   careers   meet our staff   contact us     our locations                    home   new vehicles   search inventory   get pre-qualified   find my car   how to build your own deal     pre-owned vehicles   search inventory   vehicles under 20k   carfax 1 owner   certified pre-owned vehicles   get pre-qualified   find my car     finance   get pre-qualified   get pre-approved   protect your investment     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials     service & parts   service & parts   schedule ford service   schedule gm service   schedule cdjr service   collision center   pay your invoice     about us   lake it, love it pricing   our group   careers   meet our staff   contact us     our locations          






    361 vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       














new vehiclespecials











vehicles under $20,000











schedule service











finance application











pay your invoice










      search new inventory     search used inventory        explore by make








































 
                               

 welcome to
 lake auto
drivers from all over central pennsylvania looking for an enjoyable car-buying experience know what to do…make it lake! at lake auto, we make it simple with our upfront lake it, love it pricing on hundreds of new ford, chevy, and pre-owned vehicles! plus we make it fun with a commission-free sales staff. our sales team is 100% focused on finding your perfect ride! experience the lake difference for yourself today and make it lake!
 
lake it, love it pricing!
we’re all about the customers. we want you to drive off our lot secure and confident. we don’t just want you to love it, we want you to lake it! that’s why our lake it, love it pricing policy is centered around delivering you your best car buying experience. forget haggling; our salaried salesmen are showing you vehicles at their true market price. not only is buying lake pressure free, it’s hassle free and super easy!

lake it, locate it!
hectic schedule? don’t want to bring the kids to the dealership? can’t make it during our regular business hours?
no problem. we make car-shopping as convenient as possible. that’s our #1. at lake, we work around you. so, if you can’t make it in for a test drive, we’ll bring the no-obligation test drive right to you! right to your location…just say the word!

lake it, deliver it!
finding just the right vehicle is super important. and we’re here to help! we have an immense selection of new and used vehicles, but if you don’t see what you’re looking for in our lot or on our site, tell us! we’ll work with you to locate your perfect vehicle and put you behind the wheel for less!

more about us


      
follow lake auto
                       

       



lake ford lincoln
429 south main street lewistown, pa 17044
1-717-229-5716
visit website



lake chevrolet buick gmc
533 s main st lewistown, pa 17044
717-437-8291
visit website




               

ford dealership in lewistown, pa

since 1981, the lake dealerships has proudly served the lewistown community and our neighbors in huntingdon, bellefonte, and mifflintown. when you've been in the auto-selling business for as long as we have, you gain the knowledge and expertise not found at other dealerships. when you shop with us, you'll see what a difference an experienced team can make.





customer service

at the lake dealerships, we believe in developing a relationship with every customer who walks through our doors. our experienced sales team will sit down with you to learn exactly what you want in a vehicle. they'll also answer your questions and address your concerns with accuracy and transparency. we know that an informed customer is a confident customer. we want you to be confident, not only in your purchase but also in your decision to shop with us. 

when it comes to financing your new car, truck, or suv, our expert finance team makes the process as simple as possible. all you have to do is fill out an application and let us do the rest. we work with leading lenders and local financial institutions to put together a package that works for you. we believe that every customer deserves a quality vehicle at a fair price. we also offer several flexible leasing plans for customers who prefer not to purchase a vehicle.


after you sign on the dotted line, you'll see that our excellent customer service doesn't end with the sale. our certified service technicians will ensure that your new vehicle stays in great shape. they can handle anything from routine maintenance to major repairs using state-of-the-art tools and high-quality parts. we make it easy to schedule maintenance online or over the phone, and we'll take the time to explain any repairs that your vehicle needs.



inventory

whether you're looking for a chevy pickup truck, a lincoln sedan, or ford suv, you'll find it at the lake dealerships. our extensive inventory includes more than 200 new models, such as the chevy cruze, ford escape, and lincoln mkz. we also carry more than 100 pre-owned vehicles, many of which are certified according to rigorous manufacturer standards and have under 10,000 miles on the odometer. our impressive inventory ensures that you'll find a vehicle that suits your style and budget.

convenience

at the lake dealerships, we want to make the car-buying experience as convenient as possible. that's why we have an extensive internet sales department. using our website, you can view our inventory, get an estimate on your trade-in, and apply for financing. once you've completed your purchase, one of our team members will deliver your new car, truck, or suv to your home. best of all, if you have any questions, a member of our team is ready to assist you in a timely and transparent manner.


when you shop with us, you'll see why families from all over mifflin county trust the lake dealerships to meet their automotive needs. you'll enjoy getting to know our friendly sales and service teams, and you'll be amazed by our incredible selection. stop by today for a test drive. we look forward to seeing you.


                copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | lake auto | 533 s main st., lewistown, pa 17044 | lake ford lincoln: 223-257-2060 |                
















      