




stuckey furniture | mt. pleasant and stuckey, south carolina



























skip to main content




stuckey furniture does not sell online or deliver out of state.  we sell our floor stock that can be delivered locally now or do special orders for local delivery only.

































search









locations

come say hello!


mount pleasant


stuckey



view all




sign in



search





search











locations


sign in






























start browsing









living room







dining room







bedroom







office







accents







mattresses







entertainment







kids







outdoor







shop all

stuckey furniture - mt. pleasant & stuckey, sc furniture storestuckey furniture offers a wide variety of quality furniture to complete your living room, dining room, bedroom, den, family room, entryway, basement and home office. we operate two furniture stores in south carolina in stuckey and mount pleasant and serve the surrounding garden city, charleston, myrtle beach, hilton head, isle of palms, summerville, beaufort, wando, johns island, west ashley, georgetown, moncks corner, okatie, and charleston, south carolina area. you’ll be able to find any product at any style and price including sofas, beds, sectionals, chairs, dressers, leather furniture, custom upholstery, dining sets, accent cabinets, entertainment centers and more. while you're here, take a look at our mattresses.  choose to get your furniture delivered or pick up at either of our two convenient locations. shop our online furniture gallery to view the brands and pieces we offer. stuckey furniture serves the mt. pleasant, garden city, charleston, myrtle beach, hilton head, isle of palms, summerville, beaufort, wando, johns island, west ashley, georgetown, moncks corner, okatie, and charleston, south carolina areas.


spacious sectionals
room for the whole family


 design your own collection - 5 pc. sectional  
 bernhardt interiors collection - andie fabric sectional  
 personal design series collection - customizable bristol 2-piece chaise sofa  
 gramercy park collection - 2-piece bumper sectional  
 winston collection - transitional sectional  
 winston collection - transitional sectional  
 milan collection - milan corner sectional sofa  
 7352 collection - 5-seat sofa  
 silverado collection - ashbury 2-piece leather sectional  
 trafton collection - leather chaise sofa w/ usb port & wood feet  





shop all

buying local.  delivering local.we don't sell or ship furniture out of state; however we do sell our floor stock and will delivery to our local area!  we have a lot of product in-stock, so stop in today and see how stuckey furniture can help you find those perfect pieces for your home today!


dining room inspiration
dining room looks to love


 litchfield 750 collection - formal dining room group  
 mill house collection - formal dining room group  
 litchfield 750 collection - formal dining room group  
 modern forge collection - formal dining room group  
 southbury collection - formal dining room group  
 los altos collection - formal dining group  
 plank road collection - formal dining room group  
 plank road collection - formal dining room group  
 hadleigh collection - formal dining room group  
 los altos collection - formal dining group  





shop all

featuring brands you lovewe choose products from the best manufacturers to make sure you are going home with quality product that is built to last. transform your room with items from other top brands including bernhardt, lexington, stanley furniture, kingsdown matteresses, universal or shop our favorites in custom furniture, including best home furnishings and craftmaster upholstery and canadel custom dining. if you are looking for discount furniture or are on a tight budget, view our clearance center with closeout product at their lowest prices. if you are looking for quality product in the mt. pleasant and stuckey, south carolina area visit your nearest stuckey furniture store today!shop our trending looks.we know that it can be hard to stay up to date with trends. that’s why we make sure to keep you up to speed. check out our trending looks for some inspiration to complete your look.shop nowshopping tips.here at stuckey furniture, we want to help you find the perfect furniture to fit your unique lifestyle. we’ve put together some tips for every room in your home to help you through your furniture shopping adventure!see tipstop styles and trendsstuckey furniture is your one-stop-shop for the top styles and trends in the mt. pleasant and stuckey, south carolina area. we can help you fill your bedroom with the rich detail of traditional headboards or the simplicity of contemporary nightstands. create your beautiful coastal home with a new dining set or bed featuring natural wood colors and a shorefront theme. if you are looking for something more modern, industrial, or casual we also offer a variety of furniture and accent pieces with the features that will fit your style tastes. our dedicated staff is here to help you along the way. whether you need to be pointed to a rustic bedroom set or need help redesigning your living room they will answer your questions, work with you pick out rugs and accents, and find items in your budget. contact us today to get started.explorecoffee tablessectionalsdining setssleeper sofasaccent chairstv stands


what's your style









traditional







transitional







contemporary







cottage







casual







rustic







coastal







tropical







shop all












don’t miss out on deals & new releases





submitting...







contact notes - required*

do you agree to the terms of service?
































stuckey furniture features a great selection of sofas, chairs, loveseats, sectionals, recliners, leather furniture, beds, dressers, nightstands, dining tables, dining chairs, accent tables, mattresses, accessories, and more from top furniture manufacturers. stuckey furniture offers great quality furniture, at a low price to the mt. pleasant, garden city, charleston, myrtle beach, hilton head, isle of palms, summerville, beaufort, wando, johns island, west ashley, georgetown, moncks corner, okatie, and charleston, south carolina area.
information accuracy - we have taken great care to provide you with information that is accurate and useful. please notify us if you find an error and we will do our best to correct it. we ask that you contact us directly to confirm information about pricing, color, features, dimensions, availability and lead times.
nothing on this page may be copied or reproduced without explicit permission.







site powered by furnituredealer.net © 2006 - 2025 furnituredealer.net, inc., all rights reserved.


privacy policy
accessibility statement
do not sell my personal information























