


photo editing services online and professional retouching experts



















home
about 
services ▾




body slimming & reshaping
wedding photo retouching
skin beauty retouching
glamour makeover
headshot portrait retouching
breast enlargement
height increase
change photo background
shadow removal
blemish removal
blur photo background




remove person / add person
real estate photo editing
photo restoration
photo colourisation
valentine's photo editing
christmas card photo editing
automotive image editing
photo edit samples assortment
eyeglass glare photo editing
change eye colour
red eye removal / correction




squinchy eye correction
squint eye correction
teeth whitening
teeth gap correction
nose correction photo editing
colour correction photo edit
change colour in photos
exposure correction photoshop
special effects photo edit
body exposure photo editing
bulk photo editing service





before & after
prices
faq
privacy
contact











fpe photo retouching & editing services is one of the oldest and most trusted photo retouching services websites known for its quality, serving customers via www.freephotoediting.com since year 2000. in our 20th year we thank you — our wonderful customers across the world — for the opportunity to edit and retouch your pictures. many have been using our photo correction services for over a decade and are now like friends having shared with us important landmarks in their personal lives and their businesses. thank you once again.  — the naths










 


















photo retouching services and high quality editing you can rely on













portrait retouching




remove double chin




fix sagging jowls



weight loss editor



face lift retouching




thinner bride editing






full facial makeover




beauty makeover




muscle enhancement




fix facial shine




retouch eyeglass glare




increase bust size






change background




fix wardrobe malfunctions




photo restoration




remove shadows




fix teeth gap




add new background




 





















you could have a variety of reasons for using photo editing services or hiring the skill of an online editor or retoucher. as an individual you might want your photographs to be enhanced or corrected as per your specific requirements -– be these portraits, wedding albums, family pictures with children and babies, or even those favorite candid shots.
if you are a professional commercial photographer, you need to stick to your core business of shooting pictures and outsource the photoshop and lightroom work to top rated image editing and digital retouching companies such as ours. whether it is culling and choosing the best photos, working with your raw files and your presets / workflows or retouching selected images or carrying out your unique image editing instructions for individual images -– our photo editing services offer an endless range of online photo retouching services to professional photographers and amateurs, adding immeasurable post-production value to your photographic assignments. thousands of outdoor nature landscape shots or wedding jobs — our turnaround time for projects compares with the best in the industry.
our photo retouching services are also used by businesses such as online shopping stores for their product photo enhancement. our exceptional photo editing services are also called upon by website owners, advertising and modelling agencies and magazines.










 

body slimming and reshaping

all you curvy ladies: now look thin with virtual weight loss and subtle figure correction in your pictures; even group pictures in a variety of poses. we also work on limb lengthening, transforming body proportions, slimming hips and buttocks. use our image retouching services for body shaping to see how you would look slim after weight loss. great inspiration to lose weight and look skinny with the right curves! get back into shape as we chisel away your belly fat — moderate or extreme. overweight gentlemen, lose that fat and love handles. remember, our body slimming service is not just for plus-size!





 

beauty makeover and glamour retouching

always dreamt of an elegant model-perfect face? a perfect hair style? a skinny figure? we can give  a dramatic makeover to your looks with our photo retouching services, skin smoothing, body contouring and reshaping to make you look slim, chic and glamorous like a celebrity model striking that pose, just like the ones you see in lifestyle magazines. we go to a lot of detailing, paying attention even to the feet to touch up marks, creases and varicose veins.





 

skin  and face photo retouching services

ah, for the elixir of youth! who wouldn't want to enhance their features and look younger than they are. we will remove that double chin and touch up dry skin, wrinkles and crowsfeet. make the right impression with our photo retouching services. no plastic surgery, or even botox injections. we can also alter the facial expressions and mood. retouching for mature skin should never be heavy handed. our retouchers are experts in editing senior and elderly people's pictures, smoothening the skin just enough and working on the skin tone. we can also reduce or remove laugh lines and also frown lines on the forehead. touch ups are also done for eyelid lift, cheek lift and fixing sagging jowls. we also retouch the belly botton, fix loose skin around the navel, retouch stretch marks and tan lines.











 

photo background change and image background removal

"what a nice photograph! but what a boring background." time to take you out of that drab room and plant you on the beach or bang, amidst a nature scene or in the middle of a party! our professional retouchers provide creative  background change services in which we merge pictures and superimpose images.





 

wedding photo retouching  services and wedding images touch up

we offer a range of  retouching and body shaping services to give you all the nice curves. our airbrushing services will make all your wedding pictures very special memories. wanting to look thin in their wedding pictures is a popular request from curvy women and overweight men.





 

photo restoration  and old image repair and retouching

repair of poor photographs that are torn, stained or faded; those that have been damaged due to incorrect storage methods; or have simply aged and discolored over time. our vintage photo restoration services bring  your memories back to life, with the nostalgia intact.

























 

add / remove / replace persons or objects - image editing & retouch

often there are group photographs in which a key person is missing... someone had their eyes shut, or the newborn baby wiggled at the wrong moment... or someone who isn't part of the group, and needs to be removed. or may be a tattoo needs to be removed. we also remove distractions and unwanted objects. head swap and opening closed eyes is also part of our services.





 

headshot portrait  retouching and clothing change

we are seldom satisfied with formal studio photographs meant for id cards, employee profile, visa application, resumes or cvs. try us for profile photo and clothing image editing.





 

blemish removal and skin retouching

but for those marks, your picture would be perfect. right? let's clean up those freckles, acne, pimples, dark rings under eyes, moles, injury marks...











 

blur photo background editing

blur out a background that is obtrusive or not meaningful enough, or when it takes the focus away from the main subject...





 

breast enlargement

our breast retouch service offers several digital procedures to enlarge breasts, decrease breast size and removal of male breast. our  body retouching services include breast lift for ladies. male breast removal in photos is also a popular service.





 

black & white photo colorization

transforming black & white photographs to colour... the result is a vibrant life-like image retaining its natural look as though originally 'shot' in colour.

























 

height increase, look taller in pictures

a lot of people wish they were taller than they are. we can make that possible. sometimes people appear deceptively short in a picture due to angles / placement etc. that can be corrected.





 

exposure correction with image editing

images often  require exposure correction / adjustment. to the novice it simply means using 'brightness / contrast' sliders in photoshop. not right!





 

photo colour correction

sometimes photographs seem to be running certain colors excessivlely. may be extra yellow, or red, or another color. this can be corrected / adjusted.











 

color changer photo editor

we regularly receive requests to 'change color' for objects such as apparel — blue car to red, green dress to yellow, vanilla ice cream to strawberry ice cream, red roof to green...





 

special effects photo editor

an ordinary photograph can be transformed into a striking work of art or a fun cartoon. want to add a tattoo? or create a drawing or vector file of your favorite design? the possibilities are immense and endless. order a morph, or plan a unique gift — a funny and happy picture.





 

automobile photo retouching & editing

change your car color... restore an old classic... 'take' your vehicle to exotic locations... add to your automotive experience!











 

image editing before and after samples

sometimes we have specific / random requests such as, "make the cigar disappear", "fix the chipped nailpolish", "take ink stain off", "fix my big ears", and so on...





 

red eye correction

drat that red eye! ruins an otherwise perfect photograph. happens a lot with pet photographs. don't fret. that can be taken care of real fast — and free!





 

closed eye correction

to peer with the eyes partly closed is called squinching. also when one has a bad cold and the eyes are a bit puffy, they may look squinchy.











 

eye correction and photo fix

at times people just appear to be squint-eyed in a picture. we solve all squint eye problems, digitally. most pre-surgery patients also like to see the 'after' look...





 

remove eyeglass glare in photos

the camera flash is often the cause for obstructive reflections on eyeglasses. it is possible to clear up the glare areas from spectacles, making the eyes visible.





 

change eye color

so you think blue eyes are cool? or green gives that mysterious depth? or brown for the warm look? just go with the mood. want to change eye colour in your photographs?











 

teeth whitening in photos
"that photograph is just right. i look good, got the right smile... but those discoloured teeth!" don't worry, just smile with confidence — dr. white will work on your teeth.





 

teeth gap correction in pics
we often get requests for bridging gaps between teeth. small gaps can sometimes look charming, but most often these are awkward. try us for digital cosmetic dentistry. we also carry out brace removal. in fact our digital dentistry services include gummy smile correction.








nose retouching photo edit

perk up that nose, or repair a broken one. we offer virtual rhinoplasty. use our service to re-shape your nose without surgery! we carry out bloodless nose correction procedures...











 

real estate  retouching services

we offer professional property real estate photo editing (indoor and outdoor) for residential and institutional properties, hdr enhancement, hdr blending, panorama stitching, sky replacement, background change, furniture touch up, interiors and elevation editing and urban retouching. 





 

 shadow removal

certain types of shadows sometimes ruin an otherwise nice image. it is not always possible to predict what the flash will do. at times, sunlight throws up harsh shadows...





 

fix wardrobe malfunction

we can help to reduce body exposure in pics. sometimes a picture is great but the attire not appropriate for the occasion. imagine a press photo of top lady executive squashing right out of her tight-fit low-cut blouse.











 

romance dating photo retouching services

if you are ready to get hitched, chances are you will head for an online dating service or a matrimonial website. you really do need a photograph  that you're happy with to upload along with your social networking profile. we could treat your older couple photographs with an appropriate background for that nostalgic touch.





 

christmas pic digital editing

have something special done for  christmas season greetings. we can design an x'mas card out of your favourite photograph; put together a chirstmas gift with some image editing. we can add holly to your photographs or even santa hats. any photo can be transformed into an x'mas image with cheery christmas effects.





 

valentine's day photo editing services

it's the time to celebrate your relationship with a photo greeting, the most beautiful feeling in the world. lucky are those who have that special someone. create a special memory for your love...











there could be any number of photo editing categories... if you can think of an editing requirement, it can probably be done. we have been retouching images since year 2000.
our photo background removal service using the clipping path technique is a popular demand from our commercial customers. we also re-do photo composition to enhance a photograph. our architectural photo editing services include image cropping, perspective correction, touch-up and lighting / brightness adjustment. photo retouching  services for poor quality images is  a challenge we always up to. we have year-round requests for graduation day photo retouching services and image editing. 
vacation times mean heaps of awesome pictures requiring our weekend holiday photo editing services. we are open to retouching jobs that involve artistic and tasteful nudity or can be termed as erotic art — but nothing beyond that. we often have requests for personal photo retouching services and editing intimate lingerie pictures — mostly from wives and girlfriends on valentine's day and anniversaries. as part of our wide range of photo manipulation services, we add, remove or modify a numbers of images to create a new one — you are only limited by your imagination. this also involves enhancing images and manipulating the background sometime substituting people resulting in creative post-production images. we use the latest digital imaging techniques for neck joints and ghost mannequins. we also undertake surreal photo manipulation assignments as well as special image editing for halloween. editing and retouching of funeral rip and pictures for memorial services is done on priority.
animals are unpredictable and hence difficult to photograph. you can call upon our pet and animal  editing and photo retouching services to fix anything in the pictures. we offer photo editing services for muscle building and male body enhancement. our fitness retouch can give you a gym physique. our natural looking retouching services include working on facial hair and trimming of beards.
we work on a demanding tat and have attained perfection in customer satisfaction. deadlines are never a problem. we have hundreds of customer testimonials and reviews vouching for the outstanding quality of our photo editing services.











submit assignment / enquiry here. all e-mails are attended to promptly.
					    if the job falls in the 'free photo editing' category it will be completed and e-mailed back to you. or you will receive an estimate,
					    along with payment terms and instructions. work will be started upon receiving confirmation.
					    complete privacy is guaranteed. photo editing samples seen on this website are examples created using stock photographs.

please do not use our free photo editing services for commercial post production work.











weight loss photo retouching services

 






photo glamourisation

 






photo restoration

 










 








home | samples | recently added samples | rates | pay | faqs | articles | photo editing | services | free stock photos
contact | sitemap | privacy policy | legal disclaimer

fpe photo retouching & editing services :: www.freephotoediting.com
		      © copyright 2000 - 2020










 
