


turkish / oriental carpets rugs kilims & jewelry cushions

























seeingisdreaming.com - turkish & oriental carpets rugs kilims cicims soumak & tribal art, cushions





















home


roots of turkish carpets


turkey and its carpets


weaving techniques


traditional natural dyes


motifs and their meanings


antique and semi-antique rugs and carpets


new rugs and carpets


kilims and other flatweaves


the runner collection


kilim cushion covers


picnic rugs (sofra)


shepherd beds and gabbehs


tribal and ethnic jewelry


shipping and refund information


photo gallery













noah's ark carpets and kilims, istanbul exquisite handmade carpets, kilims, and other tribal art noahsarkrugs@gmail.com


we sell unique tribal kilims, sumaks (soumaks), cicims (jijms), sofras, and carpets as
                           well as jewelry from turkey, central asia, and persia. we will ship anywhere in the world. we have selected an unsurpassed
                           collection of unique rugs, carpets, kilims, tribal textiles, jade, turquoise, lapis, & silver tribal turkmen
                           jewelry, earrings, and other art including unique sumak cushions. here, you can also learn about the history, techniques,
                           and connoiseurship of fine rugs and textiles.  we also recommend the following sites for information on tribal arts, carpets and kilims:kilimmetropolitan museumtopkapi palace museumcarpet museum, iranthe textile museum, washington dctextile museum of canadaarchaeological museum, ankara




hamza  





noah's ark rug shop istanbul



from the far east to anatolia exists a single culture area, a
                           dreamland of unique art and culture, represented in our lives by the accidental meeting and subsequent marriage of a turkish
                           man--a one-time shepherd and tribal art expert-- and a japanese woman, a near eastern archaeologist. we enjoy sharing our
                           passion for turkish culture and artifacts, both through information and by making available unique art pieces from across
                           this vast, exotic land. 

please peruse our following pages for currently-available new, semi-old, and antique handmade flat-weave
                           kilims, brocaded sumaks, and pile carpets, as well as textiles such as suzani, antique kilim fragment cushion covers, purses,
                           and jewelry shipped directly from us to you.

















vintage kilim chusions







we have been recommended by foodvacation.com as well as many satisfied customers! noahsarkrugs@gmail.com   shipping and refund policy 

 if you are planning to visit istanbul
                                    and looking for a place to stay, please consider our newly renovated short-term rental apartment, topkapi apartments, located in the heart of sultanahmet.  www.topkapiapartments.com    visit us at noah's ark carpets and kilims at divanyolu caddesi, ticarethane sokak, no. 5a, sultanahmet, istanbul.








the earliest reference to turks appear around 200 bc in chinese records. these hunters and nomadic shepherds
                                    tending sheep, horses and sometimes camels, living in altai bequeathed an extremely interesting culture to their descendants,
                                    the basic features of which have been handed down from the early beginnings all the way to the present day.





living with kilims






with our head office in istanbul, we are happy to ship worldwide and have both european and
                                    north american representatives. 

we can also assist in the production or location of textiles for specific needs, and we have advised numerous
                                    collectors on both starting and augmenting investment-grade kilim, sumac, and carpet collections, including old and antique
                                    pieces. we also provide rug repair services.











about us
i am originally from central turkey, the region of cappadocia, in the town of nigde, where my grandfather
                                             was in the rug business. my family was semi-nomadic and i grew as a shepherd, while my mother and sister wove rugs. i came
                                             to istanbul when i was twelve years old and started working in a carpet repair shop. this is how i got my start in the carpet
                                             business. after training for several years as an assistant, i became a salesman in noah's ark carpets and kilims  when
                                             i was eighteen, the youngest salesman in the history of sultanahmet, the historic area of istanbul.  after a 18-month
                                             mandatory military training, i returned to noah's ark in 2001 and have been there since as a partner of the store. several
                                             times a year, i travel around turkey purchasing carpets from the weavers themselves to ensure fair-trade practices.  i
                                             also make it a point to share with them how much their workmanship is appreciated by many around the world and encourage them
                                             to keep their art alive passed down from mother to daughter.  i believe handmade carpets with their incomparable colors
                                             and designs fill people's homes with positive energy and give joy to the people who use them.





























 how
                                    to order

if you are interested in any of our items,
                                    please e-mail us. most of the carpets will be sent by normal parcel post (4-10 days),
                                    unless specified.

noahsarkrugs@gmail.com









all rugs and other items pictured are available for sale, unless otherwise noted.
                                     the free shipping is for 4-10 day delivery through an insured delivery method.    to receive express
                                    shipping prices (extra cost may be required) and other information, please e-mail us.

e-mail:  noahsarkrugs@gmail.com

 address: noah's ark carpets and kilims. divanyolu cad,ticarethane sok. no:5a, istanbul,
                                    turkey. 34410,usa 789 orange st,new haven ct.06517

















