

western dairyland
















































job openings
















volunteer opportunities  •  employment opportunities  •  faq  •  reports











































  
















business development




women's business center




rural business development




women's business conference








covid-19 assistance




wera housing stability








child care partnership




child & adult care food program




child care resource & referral








continuing education




skills enhancement




nursing skills








fresh start








housing services




point-in-time count




prescreen form




homeless shelters for families




homeless assistance for youth




permanent supportive housing




rapid rehousing








head start & early head start











home ownership




downpayment assistance








rsvp volunteer program




birthday bags




eagle's nest food pantry








tefap food assistance








cents & sensibility thrift store








transportation




work-n-wheels




paratransit




transit ambassadors





 


weatherization & energy




wheap energy assistance




energy crisis assistance




furnace repair & replacement




water conservation program




weatherization





 


new inititatives




community resource center





mondovi shelter








































































 

western dairyland economic opportunity council was established june 6, 1966, under the economic opportunity act to help families and individuals in buffalo, eau claire, jackson, and trempealeau counties located in west central wisconsin. the agency's mission is to alleviate poverty-related conditions and provide opportunities which enable everyone to advance economically and socially.
wdeoc works with individuals and community organizations to improve the quality of life for all. the agency is governed by a board of directors representing the counties we serve.
community action changes people's lives, embodies the spirit of hope, improves communities, and makes america a better place to live. we care about the entire community, and we are dedicated to helping people help themselves and each other.








latest news

offices closed
mon, jan 20 2025
all western dairyland offices will be closed on monday, january 20th in observation…
see more events.
holiday hours
fri, dec 20 2024
all western dairyland offices will be closed for the holidays on:tuesday, december…
continue reading.
success stories

building & growing a business
when ashley kosharek started amk cleaning services in september of 2012, it was out…
continue reading.



 
































 








 


  find us on facebook. 

  watch us on youtube. 







 
western dairyland is an equal opportunity provider.
view our equal opportunity policy.
©2025 western dairyland community action agency.
website hosting by myersjj developments













main office
                    23122 whitehall road
                    independence, wi 54747
715-985-2391
                    800-782-1063 (toll free)


eau claire office
                    418 wisconsin street
                    eau claire, wi 54703
715-836-7511









this website is supported by grant number 2502wicosr from the office of community services within the administration for children and families, a division of the u.s. department of health and human services. neither the administration for children and families nor any of its components operate, control, are responsible for, or necessarily endorse this website (including, without limitation, its content, technical infrastructure, and policies, and any services or tools provided). the opinions, findings, conclusions, and recommendations expressed are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the administration for children and families and the office of community services.









