







home - solorider: the leading single rider adaptive golf cart for people with disablities






































































solorider: the leading single rider adaptive golf cart for people with disablities


the solorider story
picture + video gallery
 
































every rider has a story. 
							
 


every rider has a story. 
							
 


every rider has a story. 
							
 





















what’s your story?solorider is engineered and built with our passion to keep players with a diverse range of challenges and disabilities in the game of golf. from seniors who experience challenges walking, through to veterans with multiple disabilities, every rider has a unique story.

















‹
›














 sam’s story“i don’t celebrate my birthday, i celebrate my life day. it was my destiny to live”.sam shockley lost both legs when he stepped on a 20lb pressure plate during a minesweeping patrol in afghanistan. the date was 17 march 2013. “i found a t-shirt that says: i had a blast on st paddy’s day! i was a point man, squad leader on the ground. i was the one holding the metal. i was leading from the front. i don’t have any animosity towards the afghans. we are warriors as they are warriors”. sam was awarded a purple heart for his actions, carrying the crest on the back of his wheelchair. read more



















soloridergame changer, life changer















made with precision,made to change livessolorider is very proudly made in plano, texas usa. we use americanengineering, materials, components, fabrications and manufacturing to producea world class specialty golf car that genuinely is a game changer and life changer.with superb performance, stability, speed and styling, we invite you to learn more aboutbecoming a rider, or providing solorider golf cars at your course.















stay in the game, ride with us.



















keeping players in the game, from iconiccourses to local links.



from legendary courses to private country clubs and municipal links, solorider is widely embraced by the global golfing industry. soloriders can also  be driven as a standard golf car. many savvy golf courses deploy soloriders for multiple, general uses, including three-somes as the second car, single golfers, marshals/staff transport and as special event vehicles.to learn more about keeping players in the game please contact us for details.





















 join the club, become a solorider.call:(800) 898-3353 for details.investing in your own solorider is within reach for many golfers and organizations with our competitive pricing and delivery available globally to your front door. to learn more about pricing, special fleet pricing, customization options, financing and delivery, please be in touch. we look forward to getting you in the driver’s seat of the game changing, life changing, solorider.
























we are a proud sponsor of  

 

made in the usa adaptive devices llc
3000 east plano parkway
plano, tx 75074

 

contact us (800) 898-3353
or
 info@solorider.com

 

follow us  facebook

 


the solorider story
picture + video gallery


copyright ©2020 solorider. 






















      menu    




home
the solorider difference
videos
picture + video gallery
golfers

the worlds most versatile golf car
seniors staying in the game
accessibility and you


ansi certified
products

technical manual
operator’s manual
features
product specifications


pace of play
ada and you

an ada guide
faq


in the news
how to buy
about us

message from monroe
terms of use


contact us
locations





















