



journey group














































skip to main contentjourney groupopen menujourney groupstorymethodteamworkjourney group is a design partner to the world’s greatest institutions.  our studios have been telling stories rooted in community and craft since 1992. our partnerscuriousandbravewho we are our studios design solutions that advance the missions of our partners. our story-centered philosophy motivates us to attend to our past, present, and future. and our commitment to excellence requires us to maintain a narrow focus and invest in long-term partnerships. cultural / we collaborate with cultural institutions to uncover and explore connections from the past. humanitarian / we collaborate with humanitarian groups to celebrate and promote flourishing in the present. educational / we collaborate with educational organizations to expand and express hope for the future. lightandmatterwhat we makethe first thing we make is sense. every project begins in our partnership office, where we take the time to get to know you, your organization, and your needs. partnership with journey group encompasses strategy, operations, accounts, and production: four pillars that support every successful design project. applications / we build custom web applications that empower small teams to have a big impact. brands / we establish coherent identity systems through typography, form, motion, color, and image. catalogs / we create catalog programs that deepen affinity, showcase products, and inspire customers. collectibles / we imagine and produce unique products that celebrate and commemorate stories worth remembering. exhibits / we imagine engaging environments, designing stories you can stand in. magazines / we create high-end print material you want to hold in your hands and keep on your shelf. websites / we plan and develop exceptional websites that scale well and make management a breeze. our storyjourney group418 fourth st. necharlottesville, va 22902info@journeygroup.com434-961-2500we're hiring we're hiring newsletter newsletter instagram instagram essays essays shop shop  © journey group, inc. all rights reserved.  this website contains copyrighted materials. all rights are reserved for and by the client, artist and/or journey group, inc. materials may not be altered or republished in any way without express, advance written permission from journey group, inc. all logos, works-for-hire and official artworks are the property of their respective organizations. 

