







home - faulk & foster




















































faulk & fostersite acquisition consultantshome
about

what we deliver
management team


services

wireless
wireline
energy


careers

our culture


contact
 making a difference
delivering innovative solutions for the success of our customers.

testimonials



without reservation, i highly recommend faulk & foster. their philosophy is based upon concepts of practicality, thoroughness and timeliness with the attitude that good decisions can only be made when the decision makers possess accurate information.ron, us cellular



i have been acquainted with faulk & foster for a number of years and found them to have a unique understanding of the process of facilitating wireless network implementation. their extensive experience enables them to identify the key elements to all successful projects while providing creative solutions in tower sitting, modifications, optimizing existing communications facilities.matt, us cellular



faulk & foster scored very high and we congratulate you for such excellent results. we were very impressed with your internal processes and systems.jose, alcatel lucent



tying up these projects was a great experience and we both evolved while working the project. the prints and general engineering detail you provided was very good and i would look forward to working with you again if the chance should ever arise. we have used several engineering firms in the past and present, and i must say that what you provided me was by far the best.terry, tier 1 carrier



i recommend faulk & foster, without hesitation.  their ability to understand development schedules, driving levers on cost, and organization across multiple markets is truly impressive.  they continue to impress under tight timelines and challenging markets.tristan, recurrent energy



faulk & foster’s process of obtaining a comprehensive review and audit outlining availability, lease parameter, zoning and permitting requirements based upon documents of record has enabled us cellular to deploy projects on time and within budget on a consistent basis.john, us cellular



faulk & foster’s process of having specialized departments and staff assigned to each project allows them to work on several of my projects in synchronization so that hours, days and weeks are not lost in bringing projects on schedule. consistently, i receive undivided and personal attention from my project manager which saves me valuable time.ginger, alltel



 





wireless
find out how our solutions streamline both cost and deployment timelines.









broadband
discover why we are ideally positioned to serve increased demand for fiber implementation.









energy
learn how our involvement in solar and wind projects ensures the success of our customers.






our experience


wireless




read more about our nationwide wireless experience…







wind & solar




read more about our nationwide wind & solar experience…







 i am very proud of what faulk & foster has accomplished over the past number of years; each year we have continued to experience positive growth. i see a very positive outlook for our company and the industries we serve. our associates are second to none in experience. they have a win-win attitude and are dedicated to providing superior service to our clients. combining expert service with an unwavering commitment to integrity and fairness, faulk & foster’s professional staff enjoys the respect of the clients they serve.
john w. perry, jr.

recent news
the three r’s for local zoning successbest practices for zoning: research, relationships and record.  whether your project involves wind, solar or communications, when it falls under local jurisdiction the fundamentals for success are the same. research the foundation for success is thorough research and preparation. this will enable you to steer your project to the most appropriate location and avoid fatal […]

 


corporate headquarters
214 expo circle, suite 7
west monroe, la 71292
phone: 318.325.4666
fax: 318.807.2705




get social

email: contact.us@faulkandfoster.com



 

 


corporate mailing address
po box 1371
west monroe, la 71294




northwest regional office
678 front avenue nw, suite 300
grand rapids, mi 49504
phone: 616.647.3720
fax: 616.647.8614




copyright © 2025 · faulk & foster · site designed & hosted by assembly studio. 







 

homeabout▼what we delivermanagement teamservices▼wirelesswirelineenergycareers▼our culturecontact 




























