








organic yogurt - butterworks farm








































 





skip to content








 


search for:








productsrecipesabouttestimonialsbutterworker teamjob applicationon farm creamery100% grass fedfarm history & legacybutterworks cowssolar barn 








where to buyblogcontact






search for:




















organic yogurtadmin2024-08-19t16:44:39+04:00 
our productsyogurtkefirbuttermilkheavy creambutterworks farm is a farm where a cow can be a cow.from spring and summer’s luscious rotationally grazed pastures to fall and winter’s cushy bedded pack solar barn our girls live the good life in vermont’s northeast kingdom. these happy cows make rich, creamy, high protein milk. our exceptional artisan yogurts, kefirs, buttermilk and delicious heavy cream come to you with love and care you can taste. we tend and nurture the soil, the pasture, the crops and the cows to provide you with the highest quality food for your table. your support ensures the continuation of a forty year strong family farm.more about our cowspress releasebutterworks farm welcomes new owners, expands organic grass-fed yogurt reach
read the releasedeep dark chocolate buttermilk cakechocolate indulgence that pairs perfectly with fresh berries.
get the recipetomato stacks with avocado kefir dressingthis summery salad pairs perfectly with kefir.
get the recipekeep up with butterworks farm
sign up for our moosletterthe latest news, product announcements, and recipes directly to your inbox.
sign me up!thank you for signing up for our moosletter! we're udderly flattered.×there was an error trying to sign you up. please try again later.×



 
 





where to buyyogurt & kefirblogrecipesabouttestimonialscontact 

 
 
 





		copyright 2025 | all rights reserved | butterworks farm | site design by deep dish creative
partial funding for development of this website made possible by a rural business enterprise grant through the northern community investment corporation from usda rural development.	


facebookinstagram
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link












go to top




