









wood county home | wood county, texas












skip navigation




































































home  ·  
contact us  ·  
staff  ·  
translate















toggle main menu visibility
menu


government


commissioner's court


constables


county clerk


county judge


district attorney


district clerk


district judge


justice of the peace


sheriff's office


tax assessor collector


county treasurer




departments


county auditor

cooperative extension office


cscd (adult probation)

elections/voter registration


fire marshal & emergency management


human resources


indigent health care


information technology


juvenile probation


veteran's services




i want to...


...make a payment






















welcome to wood county
wood county, texas, is a hidden gem nestled in the heart of east texas, offering the perfect blend of natural beauty, small-town charm, and a thriving community spirit. known for its picturesque landscapes, including the lush piney woods and sparkling lakes like lake fork and lake holbrook, it’s a paradise for outdoor enthusiasts and anglers. beyond its natural allure, wood county boasts vibrant towns like quitman, mineola, and winnsboro, rich in history, art, and culture, with lively farmer’s markets, festivals, and unique local businesses. whether you're seeking a serene retreat or a welcoming place to call home, wood county offers a high quality of life, affordable living, and a sense of belonging that’s hard to find elsewhere.




welcome to wood county
wood county, texas, is a hidden gem nestled in the heart of east texas, offering the perfect blend of natural beauty, small-town charm, and a thriving community spirit. known for its picturesque landscapes, including the lush piney woods and sparkling lakes like lake fork and lake holbrook, it’s a paradise for outdoor enthusiasts and anglers. beyond its natural allure, wood county boasts vibrant towns like quitman, mineola, and winnsboro, rich in history, art, and culture, with lively farmer’s markets, festivals, and unique local businesses. whether you're seeking a serene retreat or a welcoming place to call home, wood county offers a high quality of life, affordable living, and a sense of belonging that’s hard to find elsewhere.




welcome to wood county
wood county, texas, is a hidden gem nestled in the heart of east texas, offering the perfect blend of natural beauty, small-town charm, and a thriving community spirit. known for its picturesque landscapes, including the lush piney woods and sparkling lakes like lake fork and lake holbrook, it’s a paradise for outdoor enthusiasts and anglers. beyond its natural allure, wood county boasts vibrant towns like quitman, mineola, and winnsboro, rich in history, art, and culture, with lively farmer’s markets, festivals, and unique local businesses. whether you're seeking a serene retreat or a welcoming place to call home, wood county offers a high quality of life, affordable living, and a sense of belonging that’s hard to find elsewhere.




active slide image alt text will be announced here










 



countydirectory





eventcalendar





onlineservices





employmentopenings





financialtransparency
















news and information




 







links and resources








about wood county
estray animal notices









lake hawkins rv park
public notices









subdivision information
project lifesaver



















we strive to assure the highest quality of life for those who choose to live, work, and play here while protecting the wood county economic well-being for current and future generations. 



financial information



foreclosure notices



crime stoppers


































local links
public notices
visiting wood county












city of mineola







hawkins area chamber







winnsboro online guide











city of quitman







mineola live







county appraisal district











city of winnsboro







the journal







wood county edc













request for proposal # 01-2024:

wood county is requesting proposals for lake hawkins rv park lease agreement by commissioner's court approval on september 29, 2023.

rfp packets are available by contacting:
wood county commissioner's office
213 west bermuda street
p.o. box 1704
quitman, texas 75783
(903) 760-1007
or the wood county website, www.mywoodcounty.com, under "public notice information".

sealed proposals must be received on or before november 15, 2023, at 2:00 p.m. and will be opened at that time. award will be on or before november 28, 2023. court reserves the right to reject any or all proposals.

legal reference: texas local government code, section 262.025
surety bond required
------------------------------------------------------------------->

annual hotel occupancy tax report


notice to bidders
bid 2023-002


subdivision revisions
project lifesaver
notice of foreclosure










are you thinking of visiting wood county, texas? wood county has a lot to offer to tourists and we look forward to welcoming you to our county. this page contains several links to other websites related to tourism, transportation, and other attractions in wood county. 
wood county economic development commission - the wood county economic development commission investigates and undertakes ways of promoting development of business, industry and commerce in the county. 
wood county airport - contains all information for pilots who are interested in flying into wood county airport (jdd) awos (automated weather observation system) located at wood county airport. provides current weather conditions as observed at the wood county airport terminal building 
radio freq. - 118.9 mhz 
voice announcer - +1 (903) 768-3065






press enter key to focus on the active panel






















wood county courthouse  |  100 s. main street  |  quitman, texas 75783  |  (903) 763-1236


staff login
web accessibility









copyright © wood county, texas  2016



powered by
eztasktitanium tm


















