



















home page


































ewhp 
 
home grants and scholarshipsawardsstory tellingcommunicationsevents and fundraisingmember  stories












episcopal women's
history project















telling stories: past, present, futureour mission statement: the episcopal women’s history project honors women’s ministries in the episcopal church by listening, recording, and continuing to tell their stories.
















the episcopal women’s history projectannounces the 2024 lenten series the 2024 lenten series on seven on the thursday on the lenten season.  the series is on thursday on 2/15/2024; 2/22/2024; 2/29/2024; 3/7/3024; 3/14/2024; 3/21/2024; 3/21/2024 and 3/28/2024.  the time of each day is 2:00 p.m. in eastern time, 1:00 p.m. central time, 12:00 mountain time, and 11:00 pacific standard time.  if there are requires the 2024 series is on the ewhp zoom.   zoom is a communications platform that allows users to connect with video, audio, phone, and chat. using zoom requires an internet connection and a supported device. most new users will want to start by creating an account downloading the zoom client for meetings.   the seven sessions this lenten season are one hour and half for each event.  the speaker tells the story and after is time for questions. here are the seven events during in 2024; date.                            topic                                                      speakerfebruary 15:               prudence gabriel                              dr. john saillant february 22:               grace upon grace                             the rev. dr. fran toy and                                                                                                        the rev. yein kimfebruary 29:               washington four.                              dr. heather huyck march 7:                      margaret and elsy pink.                   tula h. lacey and team                                         the lives (and afterlives).                       zion episcopal church                                       of two enslaved episcopalian march 14:                   mary ringwald                                  christina brennan lee march 21:                   the rev. mother ruth                      patricia allen march 28:                   juliet hampton morgan.                  mary stanton  























episcopal women's history projects grantsthe ewhp grants are given to encourage a woman, or someone who knows a woman, to tell the story of a woman who has made a difference in the world. the focus of an ewhp grant project is to bring to life a woman, an even for women or a woman is in historic place. the current available ewhp grants are listed on grants and scholarships page.




episcopal women's history projects scholarshipsthe ewhp the current scholarship is honoring the rev. dr. matilda dunn, past president of ewhp. the rev. dunn died in the year of 2020. she was a force of nature in the projects she created and the women of color in the episcopal church she guided and cared in their journey in lives. the matilda dunn is listed on the grants and scholarships page.










episcopal women's history projects awards
the ewhp awards are given to a woman who has done a project, a printed project, or a creative series of programs. the awards are designed to celebrate the work of women do within their episcopal churches or organizations. the ewhp award are currently available listed below.  each award is inspired for the work each women has done, or about an woman—awards can be by a woman or an man who has told a story about an amazing women.  ewhp awards are given and some whom have been about women to interesting men.  the awards stories are found on awards:




















episcopal women's history project awardsthe ewhp awards are usually given to a woman who has done a project, a printed project, a creative series of programs, or an online project. the awards are designed to celebrate the work of women do within episcopal local churches, broader organizations in a diocese, or other creative ideas.  there are times when men of the episcopal church undertake history projects about women.   awards are further information is available on the ewhp awards page: click here
episcopal women's history projects grants and scholarshipsthe ewhp grants are given to encourage a woman, or someone who knows a woman, to tell the story of a woman who has made a difference in the world. financial support is available to explore history about women by facility writing, electronic production, researching and at times travel.the rev. dr. matilda dunn scholarship is for women of color to receive a degree either a two year, a bachelor, or a graduate school.  the current available ewhp grants and scholarship are listed below:  click here:
episcopal women's  history project storytelling ewhp storytelling always involves a narrative, that is first. storytelling uses four components: storytelling uses words; uses actions—vocal, physical or gesture; presents a vision;.inclusiono originality. storytelling encourages the active imagination of the listener (by reading on paper or with words). every culture has its own definition of story. storytelling happens in many situations, from kitchen-table conversation to religious ritual.  some storytelling situations demand informality; others are highly formal. some demand certain themes, attitudes, and artistic approaches. the lenten series each a year tells about of a the history a woman comes to life with storytelling: click here











episcopal women's history project events the events committee has five steps for any event: marketing, promotions, sponsors, technology and attendees.   one of the significant events now each year is the ewhp lenten series.  there are six zoom presentations during lent.  each the events committees will find the important persons to tell the story, accent the history, keep the promotions on time, and remind the people invited; the committee is also responsible to keep the time online and responsible to give feedback at the end of the story.  click here:
episcopal women's history project fundraising the fundraising committee for 2022-2023 is raising funds to give more grants and scholarships.  there are five specific grants .  the rev frank sugeno grant; the most rev. katherine jefferts schori grant; the mary donovan grant;  the rt. rev. barbara harris travel grant; . the ewhp research grant for public presentation;   the rev. dr. matilda dunn scholarship is specifically for a woman of color to attend college. to find all the info for grants: click here
episcopal women's history project communication the communication committee has the responsibly to keep the information needed by ewhp in time and with specific knowledge. the five other committees have specific needs. .  the methods of communication are regular newsletters, emails, brochure, zoom meetings, specific print material, and the website.      all information is accurate and specific items are published as needed.  additional details about the communication committee click here.  




ewhp membership















made in rapidweaver



