




announce it sweetly - if it's worth saying, it's worth saying sweetly







































announce it sweetly
if it's worth saying, it's worth saying sweetly



menu

						skip to content					



search for:



 








design your own custom tank top: what to know


december 6, 2014uncategorizedapparel, clothing, creativity, custom, designadmin 


if you would like to design and make your own custom tank tops, consider having a professional designer from an online clothing store to help you throughout the design process. custom made tops are very attractive and they help to build confidence among team members, individuals, college and academic groups, and sport clubs. today, you can order your own custom tank tops from an online store and enjoy wearing your own designed tank tops that represents your style.
while it might take a lot of time and effort to make your own designs at home, learning how to customize your designs can greatly help you make branded tank tops at home. at theneonsouth.com, you can find different ideas on how to design your own custom tank tops.
get creative with custom tanks
designing and making your own custom tank tops is a great opportunity that you can use to explore your personal-creativity. once you learn how tanks tops are designed, you will be able discover what you don’t like and what you like. participating in an art and craft activity is a great way that you can relieve your stress after a long work load. people who frequently get some few hours a week for leisure activities can spend some good time making their own custom tank tops with their own design.
keep patterned tank top designs balanced
while you may want to be as much creative as you can when designing your own tank tops, it’s recommendable to balance your designs and not over do them in such a way that they would appear inappropriate. keep everything balanced and don’t use a particular pattern so many times at once or use all decorating features without a plan.
for example, when using cut pieces, choose good patterns that will represent a particular style after been sewed with the tank top. brightly colored tank tops, such as neon colored tank tops, should be decorated with dull-colored patterns in order for them to be clearly visible.
choose the materials & tank top fabric
when designing your own custom tank top, consider having several decorative materials to choose from. for example, if you want your tank tops to glitter, compare different rhinestones and choose the most glittering colors that will perfectly match with your design theme.
utilize any creative ideas you might have and combine different decorative materials to come up with your own unique style. mixing the materials together can help you to make cute patterns that can be sewed with tank tops to create a stunning design.
include logos and designs
if you would like to brand your custom tank tops with your own team logos or company logos, consider buying plain tank tops that don’t have any designs printed on them. to print your own logos, seek help from a professional logo printing company.
a good printing press company can print stunning sport team logos on your tank tops and this can help to make a recognizable aspect among team members or a group. if you don’t have a tank top or t-shirt printing machine, consider ordering custom made tank tops from an online store that makes custom designs.



leave a comment 





deliver special invitations with machine embroidery designs


october 7, 2014uncategorizedarts, crafts, creativity, embroidery, invitations, weddingadmin 


ever since ancient times, intricately woven tapestries and well embroidered items have always been a sign of class and nobility. it is a colorful reminder that tells a story or at least attracts the attention of people who see it.
in modern times, the usage of these embroidered designs may not be as prolific as before, but it still holds that sense of beauty and class that it deserves. if you are looking for a unique and great way to catch your guests’ attention, then sending out invites made with machine embroidery designs is a great way to start.
the beauty of embroidery designs
suppose you have a big day coming up—a birthday, wedding, or some other big event. one of the most neglected aspects of the event is sending out the invitations. this is somewhat understandable as accommodations, food, and other crucial areas need to be considered first. however, to completely forget about it and leave it at the last moment is bad since the invitation is a major component that your guests will remember about your event.
the invitation is the first thing that your guests see about your event and it will give them a first impression of what it is about and how it will turn out. especially if you are inviting high profile clients, you need to make sure that your invites are as classy and as well done as possible.
embroidery designs are perfect for these situations since they are beautiful, functional, and extremely classy. they are not even that hard to do, even if you’re blasting out wedding embroidery designs for a large group. it can showcase the theme as well as the “color palette” of your event. however, if you really wish to make things easier, then getting some machine embroidery designs is even better.
machine embroidery designs — classy yet simple
traditional embroidery designs may be a bit tiring, especially if you are not used to making them in bulk. fortunately, machine embroidery designs are a simple and faster alternative that is just as good and much, much simpler. all you need is a sewing machine, an embroidery hoop, and some fabric and thread. this is a very easy way to make your invitations come alive.v
you might think that invitations made from cloth with embroidery on them are old-fashioned and you may be right. however, it is this sense of old school class that really makes it come to life. not only that; depending on the type of machine embroidery designs that you choose and color combinations that you think of, you can tell a story or have a symbolic meaning in the invitation itself. machine embroidery designs and patterns are only limited by your imagination and it is this that truly sets it apart from normal cards and invitations.
when planning for an event, do not push the invitation as an afterthought. it should also be one of your main priorities since it is something that can make or break the impression of your guests. especially for vip guests, it is important to give them the a unique and classy welcome so that they will remember your event.



leave a comment 





take your bridesmaids to get a massage!


september 24, 2014uncategorizedmassage, pampering, relaxation, spa, stress, weddingadmin 


wedding planning can be exhausting. it is important to reward those individuals that will play a part in your wedding. bridesmaids often take on large roles during wedding ceremonies. one fun idea for couples who are getting married is to plan a spa pampering weekend for their bridesmaids. women love to be pampered and the event can be a great bonding activity. 
when a woman gets married, her friends can often feel as though they are losing their friend. a spa weekend is great because the ladies can get a massage. stress can cause people to experience back and neck pain. a back massage can be a great gift because women can feel relaxed and happy. massages are enjoyable because people can take an hour or so out to just relax and allow someone to massage their entire bodies. with stress from work and families, this can be a luxury that people will enjoy a great deal.
the bridesmaids are an integral part of a wedding. if they can have a nice massage, then they are more likely to feel well rested on the day of the wedding. many couples make the wedding planning all about themselves. this can cause the bride to become crazed and often all about herself which can hurt the feelings of the bridesmaids that are involved.
spas are excellent because they know how to cater to their clientele. taking your bridesmaids to get a group massage in peoria, il can be a great experience. people can talk and laugh together in a soothing environment. a wedding marks a new chapter in the life of a couple.
it can be a great deal of fun to allow the bridesmaids to feel like they are the center of attention for a change. spa employees will try to make each woman feel special and cared for. this is a great way to show appreciation before the big day occurs. there are affordable spa massage packages that people can find online.



leave a comment 







recommended sites  retro2ride.com for classic vintage, novelty, & custom cycling jerseys.
xcell williams heating & cooling for heating & cooling installation and repair in the st. louis & creve coeur, mo area.

 






archives

december 2014
october 2014
september 2014

categories

uncategorized


 


				theme: cherry blossom by till krüss |								
					proudly powered by wordpress				








