



mountain meadow cabins














































pop-up preset:






























location: 

centered
bottom right
fullscreen


width 

height 

pop options: 
timer 
on scroll 
on exit 


pop after

  seconds


pop after scrolling

 % of the page












































our cabins




area information




summer




winter




bartering




contact us























































mountain meadow cabins





nestled in the snowy range mountains of the medicine bow national forest in southeastern wyoming, we are located 38 miles west of laramie and 45 miles east of saratoga and encampment. we offer cabin rentals to fit any size family, group, or budget.





contact us


















































if you enjoy gorgeous scenery, backpacking, hiking, fishing, wildlife viewing, skiing, or snowmobiling we want to be your destination! even if you just want to get away from it all, our mountain retreat is the place to bring yourself, your family, and/or your friends.fishing abounds in the nearby scenic alpine lakes and streams in the summer, and each summer and spring brings colorful alpine wildflowers to the meadows, with over 300 varieties in the area.in the winter, you can venture outside the peaceful privacy of your cabin into a winter wonderland full of scenery and terrain waiting to be explored by snowmobile. ice fishing in the nearby lakes is also a popular pastime of our guests. come enjoy the winter side of the rockies in comfort.you cannot drive to the cabins in the winter. they are only accessible by snowmobile. 





check out our cabins!




















































experience the scenic and pristine snowy range





the snowy range offers a myriad of fun and exciting activities and adventures for you to take advantage of. scenic hikes, fantastic snowmobiling, and a local ski are only a few of the activities you can get involved in in the area! explore some of your options below.





summer activities




winter activities

































































mountain meadow cabins




3519 hwy. 130centennial, wy 82055

















































equal opportunity service provider.copyright â© mountain meadow cabinsï»¿under special use permit from the usfs














































a place for a subtitle




have a question?drop us a line.
































send














































