







renosparks - business travel conference guide


























































renosparks
business travel conference guide




web summit
the next web conference
advertising week europe
mobile world congress
 













usual conference situation in 2021the world’s largest exhibition of consumer electronics is not missed by the most famous global manufacturers or visitors: last year it was attended by 4,400 companies and almost 200,000 guests.
 



  





featured in























   









place your bets: the future of interactive web conferences
modern technologies are actively developing in a variety of industries, offering ample opportunities for everyone. … read more




reno

 
23/11/2023










webinar winning streak: how web conferences can learn from casinos
modern technologies are becoming an integral part of many everyday tasks. for example, webinars are … read more




reno

 











how to use ga4 to revolutionize your business travel brand
google analytics 4 (ga4) is an innovative technology that equips businesses with the ability to … read more




reno

 
28/07/2023










from desert to oasis discovering dubai’s natural wonders 
dubai is known for its opulent malls, towering skyscrapers, and bustling streets, but there’s much … read more




reno

 
16/06/2023










dazzling skies and cityscapes dubai’s iconic landmarks
are you ready for an incredible sailing excursion beneath dubai’s stunning skyline and cityscapes? there’s … read more




reno

 











must visit conferences for igambling service providers
igambling conferences are a great way to discover the latest trends in gambling marketing. if … read more




reno

 
01/06/2023










igambling conference guide for 2023
for better or worse, gambling webinars and symposiums appear to be back, so to help … read more




reno

 











proper preparation for the business conference
as the time for the highly anticipated business conference draws near, there is no doubt … read more




reno

 











what conference organizers need to know
attention all conference organizers! you are the masterminds behind incredible events that bring people together, … read more




reno

 











what is “google analytics” and what is it for?
google analytics is an analytical service from the search engine giant google, which collects statistics … read more




reno

 
26/04/2023





1
2
 >> 



 

 

recent posts


place your bets: the future of interactive web conferences


webinar winning streak: how web conferences can learn from casinos


how to use ga4 to revolutionize your business travel brand


from desert to oasis discovering dubai’s natural wonders 


dazzling skies and cityscapes dubai’s iconic landmarks


must visit conferences for igambling service providers


igambling conference guide for 2023


by date

november 2023
july 2023
june 2023
april 2023
june 2022
march 2021
february 2021
january 2021
december 2020
november 2020
october 2020

pick a destination

business community / travel

france

las vegas

netherlands

poland

portugal

spain

travel

united kingdom


seminars, trainings, conferences. this type of event involves a large number of guests and the presence of the media. the purpose of the event is to discuss topical issues, study goods or services, exchange opinions, receive feedback, motivate and train personnel.
particular attention should be paid to the organization of delivery, setting up equipment (projectors, microphones, monitors). invite journalists, prepare a discussion plan.

press lunches, briefings, receptions. at such meetings, prospects for cooperation are discussed, business ties are strengthened.
it is worthwhile to think over the menu in advance and take care of the transport: this will allow you to win over your partners and conduct negotiations at a high level.

presentations and exhibitions. at such events, contracts are concluded, profitable business ties arise. it is necessary to choose a convenient conference venue, think over the logistics and the meeting program.

round table. it is important to take care of the preparatory materials, invite interesting speakers, and organize a coffee break.

synergy executive forum the theme business conference is “5 growth drivers to beat competitors. market leaders experience”
ceos of the largest and international companies will share their experience in solving specific business problems in five areas: management, sales, costs, technology and team.
among the announced speakers are the founders and directors of hoff, natura siberica, doublebee and other companies.

our policy

privacy policy











        copyright. all rights reserved.  
         |      
        theme latido












