













 sierra chart













toggle dark mode













sierra chart
financial markets charting and trading platform







main

home
software download
what is new
features
data/trade services
user image gallery
additional files
about us
other websites


documentation

table of contents
frequently asked questions
sierra chart setup instructions
data/trade services
video library
what is new
symbols
developing for sierra chart
services for brokers


getting started

sierra chart setup instructions
software download
data/trade services
what is included in free trial
understanding real-time  futures data


account management

create account
account control panel
make a payment
activate services
license and purchase info
pricing
account password reset


support

contact
* support board *
self help/account support tickets
data/trade services
software download
account control panel
study and system programmers
custom studies store/list









login page
     - create account


 home 
sierra chart - high performance trading platform



introduction 

sierra chart is a professional desktop trading and charting platform for the financial markets, supporting connectivity to various exchanges and backend trading platform services.

                 
                 sierra chart supports  live and simulated trading.  both manual and automated trading is supported.
sierra chart is a complete real-time and historical, charting and technical analysis platform  with very powerful analytics for the financial markets.
sierra chart fully supports the open specification data and trading communications protocol for the community.  
sierra chart provides high quality direct real-time exchange market data feeds  for cme, cbot, nymex, comex, eurex, cfe (cboe futures), nasdaq/cboe global indexes,  nasdaq totalview, nyse, nasdaq, amex exchanges.
                 
                there is an additional cost for real-time exchange data.  
                 
delayed exchange data,  real-time forex/cfd,   cryptocurrency  and historical data data is included at no additional cost.
historical end of day data is provided for all of the major futures exchanges, us stock exchanges, crypto currencies, and global futures and forex markets. 

sierra chart uses the very best engineering and design practices to produce well-organized, fast and ultra rocksolid  software and services. we continue to strive to be as best as we can be.
 get started with sierra chart and evaluate sierra chart for yourself to see the advantages you will have over the rest of what is available in the industry.





value

sierra chart is an excellent value with low pricing to make it affordable for everyone in the community. 



main features of sierra chart

sierra chart is widely known for its stable, open, and highly customizable design. 
sierra chart  is solid professional quality software.  designed for efficiency and ease-of-use. it has an uncomplicated interface  that can handle the most demanding applications.  it is developed by an experienced and competent development team that stays on top of development. it has been proven and trusted by investors/traders/clearing firms for more than a decade. 
sierra chart is extremely fast with a definite focus on high performance in all areas of the program.
sierra chart supports all types of markets: stocks, futures, indexes, currencies/forex and options.
complete  trading support, both basic and advanced. including easy to use automated trading. use our exclusive chartdom (depth of market) which is a functional trading dom fully integrated with charts.
sierra chart has excellent comprehensive documentation. best quality support.
sierra chart supports trading and order routing, and market data for the major exchanges. sierra chart  supports  dtc making it automatically compatible with any external data or trading service using this protocol.
 sierra chart uses the fix and dtc protocols for trading where possible, for the most reliable and trouble-free trading.
sierra chart is simple to get started with and  simple to use. download it and see for yourself.  it is well organized with all functionality easily found. yet it has the features and flexibility for advanced users.
you can create your own custom studies, indicators and trading systems using the sierra chart advanced custom study interface and language or the built-in excel compatible spreadsheets. or use ones developed by sierra chart users and third party developers.
 market depth historical graph feature to display historical market depth data on charts. 
 stable and consistent design.   its  existing functionality and interfaces remain consistent version to version. 



data and trading connectivity

sierra chart directly provides real-time forex, cfd (contract for difference), stock and futures data without having to use an external service.
sierra chart directly provides historical daily and detailed intraday data for stocks, forex, futures and indexes without having to use an external service.
sierra chart supports many external data and trading services providing complete real-time and historical data and trading access to global futures, stocks, indexes, forex and options markets. all of the major data services and trading backends are supported.
sierra chart uses direct connections to all data and trading services. it does not use any in process blackbox api components. sierra chart does  not use java or .net. it is fast 100% native c++ code. all of this means you have super high reliability, the best connectivity and support for connections.
for supported trading services that provide oco (order cancels order)  and/or bracket order functionality on the server side, sierra chart uses this server side functionality for the greatest safety for oco and bracket orders. 



ongoing development and growing

sierra chart is being continuously improved and expanded. come and join us and be a part of our growing community! we are here to support you with high-quality software and services.




find us right here at  www.sierrachart.com. do not find us on facebook, twitter, instagram, youtube or anywhere else.  we are a self-sufficient operation and do not use those platforms.







get started with sierra chart now (free trial)

features

video library

quality realtime/delayed us stock data with long-term historical data,  market depth and market by order data.

now available: direct order routing to cme, cbot, nymex, comex. free 0.00 transaction fees!

realistic trade simulation environment with market depth, risk management, and trade reporting included



            current version: 2741 (february 16, 2025)
            pre-release: 2741 (february 16, 2025)
version notes














































for a full view click on the above images.



*last modified wednesday, 18th september, 2024.







service terms and refund policy






 