











pressure vessels and custom tanks | kennedy tank

















































            join our team: skilled welders needed! start application >>







gallery | employment | request quote | contact
317-787-1311





menu
skip to content
shell and tube heat exchangers

heat exchanger design
stainless steel heat exchangers
heat exchanger specifications
heat exchangers faq


pressure vessels

asme pressure vessels
jacketed pressure vessels
custom pressure vessels
pressure vessel faqs
distillation columns


custom steel tanks

petroleum storage tanks
chemical tanks
ammonia tanks
api 650 tanks
clad steel tanks


regional field services

boiler repair
tank repair
field erected tanks


safety culture

awards and recognition
safety improvement projects
outstanding craftsperson
quality control


about us

engineering capabilities
meet the team
kennedy tank talk updates
kennedy tank special – indy race car


 






heat exchangerscustom heat exchanger designs from 1200 to -325 degrees fahrenheitlearn more


pressure vesselsaqueous ammonia asme pressure tanklearn more


custom steel tankscustom tanks for specialized needs in a variety of industries.learn more


kennedy tankover 120 years of teamwork!learn more







over a century of steel fabricating excellence
five generations of commitment
kennedy tank & manufacturing co., inc. is your comprehensive source for tema shell and tube heat exchangers, custom fabricated asme code pressure vessels, custom steel tanks, api-650 storage tanks, asme columns, and single and double wall ul 142 tanks and 2085 fireguard tanks all in a variety of steel and alloy materials. when you work with kennedy, you can be assured of unsurpassed quality and reliability in our products and excellence in our service.
kennedy tank is your full service source, offering the advantages of design and manufacture capability, product diversity, and service capability. if you are in need of a dependable, experienced source for custom tanks, pressure vessels, heat exchangers, field erection and repair, or related products and services, contact kennedy tank. we are ready to put our expertise and commitment to quality to work for your next project.
shell & tube heat exchangers

we design and fabricate custom shell and tube heat exchangers to meet a variety of industrial needs.  in addition to meeting your application specifications, our shell and tube heat exchangers can be engineered, designed, and fabricated to meet asme code.
learn more

pressure vessels

our capabilities include the design of custom pressure vessels to meet a wide range of requirements, including extremely large capacities and thicknesses. we build custom pressure vessels in a variety of materials to solve  challenging applications.
learn more

custom steel tanks

we design and manufacture custom steel tanks for a wide range of applications. whether your application involves high or low temperature or pressure ratings, or requires special paint or linings, we fabricate custom steel tanks to your precise specifications.
learn more








833 east sumner avenueindianapolis, in 46227317-787-1311



quick links

shell and tube heat exchangers
pressure vessels 
custom tanks 
regional field services
safety culture


image gallery
monthly tank talks
employment
request a quote
contact us 


awards & certifications  view all >





	
© 2025 kennedy tank and manufacturing co., inc.  |  all rights reserved.  |  sitemap  |  privacy policy









