


whatexit.org homepage












my books:
the practice of system and network administration

    and
time management for system administrators

    and
the practice of cloud system administration









everythingsysadmin.com: my book-promotion blog
yesthatblog.com: rants, politics, and parodies






i'm the owner of the best spaghetti sauce ever website.



you know you're hardcore jersey when you get these...

you don't think of citrus when people mention "the oranges".
you know that it's called great adventure, not six flags.
a good, quick breakfast is a hard roll with butter.
you've known the way to seaside heights since you were seven.
you've eaten at a diner
you remember that the "two guys" were from harrison.
you know that the state isn't one big oil refinery.
at least three people in your family still love bruce springsteen
you know what a "jug handle" is. (not a fat roll on the body)
you know that wawa is a convenience store.
you know that the state isn't all farmland.
you know that there are no "beaches" in new jersey - there's "the
shore".  and you don't go "to the shore" - you go "down the shore".
and when you are there, you're not "at the shore" - you are "down the
shore".
you know that "piney" isn't referring to a tree.
even your school! cafeteria made good italian subs. and it's a sub,
not a submarine sandwich or worse yet, a hoagie, a hero, or a grinder.
you remember the song from the palisades park commercials.
you know how to properly negotiate a circle.
you knew that the last question had to do with driving.
you know that this is the only "new..." state that doesn't require
"new" to identify it (like, try...mexico, ...york, ...hampshire -
doesn't work, does it?)
you only go to new york city for day trips, and you call it "the city".
you know that a "white castle" is the name of both a fast food chain
and a fast food sandwich.
you consider putting mayo on a corned beef sandwich is a sacrilege.
you don't think "what exit" is very funny.
you live off an exit (e.g., garden state or nj turnpike exit...)
when someone asks you how far something is, you answer by telling
them how long it wil! l take to get there (e.g., how far is it to the mall?
oh about twenty minutes.)
you know that the first "strip shopping center" in the country was on
route 22.
you know that people from 609 area code are "a little different".
you know that no respectable new jerseyan goes to princeton - that's
for out-of-staters.
you live within 20 minutes of at least three different malls.
you refer to all highways and interstates by their numbers.
every year, you had a least one kid in your class named tony.
you know the location of every clip shown in the sopranos opening
credits.
you've gotten on the wrong highway trying to get out of the mall.
you know that people from north jersey go to seaside heights, and
people from central jersey go to belmar or lbi and people from south
jersey go to wildwood. it can be no other way.
you were not raised in new jersey. you were raised in either north
jersey, central jersey or south jersey.
you don't consider newark or camden to actually be part of the
state.
you remember the stores korvette's, two guys, rickel's, channel,
bamburger's and orbach's.
you've had a boardwalk cheese steak and vinegar fries.
you start planning for memorial day weekend in february.
and finally...
you've never, never pumped your own gas.



