




















	jbl homes - new orleans la, pensacola fl, and mobile al.  new home construction.













toggle navigation







acadianamarrero, la
garrison ridgespanish fort, al
dunleithcantonment, fl
about jbl
  request information online












acadianamarrero, la
garrison ridgespanish fort, al
dunleithcantonment, fl

  request information online
about jbl






jbl





jbl homes is the gulf coast's leading builder of affordable, luxury homes.


whether you are planning a move to new orleans, louisiana, mobile, alabama, or pensacola, florida, or already reside in one of these beautiful cities, please spend a few moments with us and tour the communities of new houses offered by jbl homes. each of our neighborhoods has been developed with a focus on location, value, design and comfort. browse what is available, or contact us to personalize the home of your choice. in either case, each of jbl homes' new houses is covered by an extensive warranty. learn that you can afford a distinctive jbl home by taking advantage of our financing alternatives. most importantly, contact us so that we may assist you in the exciting experience of acquiring your dream home. 
jbl has been in business for over 25 years. if you are not familiar with our company, please visit the about section to read more about the jbl advantage.







the jbl homes guarantees




quality
jbl upholds the highest industry standards.  every home must pass our extensive inspections and commitment to quality.



materials
our homes are built thoughtfully.  we utilize modern building techniques and materials to ensure our customers have a home that withstands the test of time.



value
we offer the best value, apples to apples, with every home we build.  our efficient process and experience allow us to pass savings on to our customers.



warranty
every jbl home comes with a full warranty insured by hbw 2-10.







the process is easy:



step 1contact us
visit our design studio to review all of your options.


step 2your selections
finalize your choices.  this includes:
                        
lot choice
floor plan
sizes
features
finishes
... and more




step 3relax
we handle all of the details.
                        average build time is 4 - 6 months.




                    note: times above are estimations based on normal conditions.  build times may vary based on weather, customizations, and scheduling.
                










acadiana
marrero, la
4 homes available for viewing online now and 9 homesites available to customize and build your own!


beautiful new construction, starting in the $350s, located less than 15 miles from downtown new orleans.


                                    all acadiana properties feature large lot sizes and traditional acadian style architecture.
                                


                                    acadiana offers southern community living at some of the most affordable prices in the region.
                                






view more acadiana details




contact us


our representative
michael foret



 (504) 347-9130




mforet@jblhomes.com



sales office

2757 acadiana trace 
marrero, la 70072 



open

                                            open daily
                                            11:30 to 5:30
                                            noon to 6pm during daylight savings time
                                        



get driving directions now!


























garrison ridge
spanish fort, al
2 homes available for viewing online now and 17 homesites available to customize and build your own!


custom homes located in spanish fort alabama that will leave you speechless.


                                    starting in the mid $300s, you can customize everything and build the home of your dreams... whether it's a one level home, traditional two-story home or a home with a basement.
                                


                                    you've got to see some of the beautiful homes that have already been built in this community.  attention to detail can be found in every corner.  spacious suites, large baths, modern flooring, beautiful kitchens -- it's all here.
                                


                                    call us today and we would love to show you everything garrison ridge has to offer.  superior construction and the eastern shore's most attractive location make garrison ridge one of the area's most sought after neighborhoods.
                                






view more garrison ridge details




contact us


our representative
jon freeman



 (251) 635-5665




jfreeman@jblhomes.com



community location

6250 garrison drive 
spanish fort, al 36527 



sales office

                                            call for appointments
                                        



get driving directions now!
























dunleith
cantonment, fl



location, location, location -- and dunleith offers an excellent location with prices starting in the $300s.


                                      natural beauty, country charm and city convenience all within 20 milese of pensacola florida.  explore the area's natural beauty: majestic pines, ancient oaks and winding roads. dunleith offers a lifestyle that truly captures the beauty and essence of southern living. dunleith is large enough to offer the community features that are important to you, yet small enough to retain the unique charm of a small, friendly neighborhood.
                                


                                    at dunleith we offer a wide variety of floorplans, elevations and features that allow you to customize your home to reflect your good taste and express your interest and personal style. each of our homes offers the amenities you desire, the space you need, the low maintenance exteriors you demand and the professionally landscaped yards you require. 
                                


                                     this neighborhood of beautiful single family homes reflects a perfect balance of enduring and innovative architectural styling with the comfort and convenience of today's energy efficient materials and cutting-edge technology.
                                






view more dunleith details




contact us


our representative
michele fallin



 (850) 255 - 3487




michele@jblhomes.com



community location

1199 wensel drive 
cantonment, fl 32533 



sales office

                                            call for appointments
                                        



get driving directions now!























home


about jbl


realtors






new orleans, louisiana
acadiana


pensacola, florida
dunleith


mobile, alabama
garrisonridge









prices, features, and information contained on this website are subject to change without notice.  the matters stated herein are for
                information purposes only, and do not constitute an offer of sale.  this page (or any of its contents) may not be reproduced without prior
                written consent of jbl properties, ltd.
                


© 2015 jbl properties, ltd.









×
request information




  close











