





lyman museum | located in hilo hawaii

































lyman museumlocated in hilo hawaii
donate now
membership

support

home
donate
2024 kokua fund
membership benefits
membership form
smithsonian affiliate reciprocal membership
volunteer


about us

visiting info
contact us
staff and trustees
employment
newsletter
annual reports


special exhibits

forgotten heiau of hilo
archives special exhibits
current special exhibits
past special exhibits


galleries

island heritage gallery
earth heritage gallery
pierce photo id project


mission house
events
education

learning opportunities
saigo series
workshops
school tours & form
teacher’s checklist
reserving group tours
road scholar


archives

archives – faq
research collections
research room guidelines
archives services and fees
research request (form)


shop
home












 

guidelines for visiting the museum




admission for the lyman museum is divided into two separate bookings: the lyman museum admission (self-guided tour) and the mission house tour (guided tour). once you book for one tour you will be prompted in the confirmation booking page to book the other tour if you so desire. the rates are shown below. call or click on the “book” buttons above or the lower right hand “book” button, to make your reservations!
please be on time for your session as it is limited to 2 hours. if you want to extend your visit after your session, you may join the next session, if there is space availability. we do ask that you step outside briefly between sessions allowing the staff to sanitize the museum.
 
school tours must be arranged via our school tour form not through this reservation system.



lyman museum admission:        

kama`āina: $5 adults, $3 seniors, $2 children (ages 6 – 17)
out-of-state: $7 adults, $5 seniors, $2 children
university students: $3


mission house tours:        

kama`āina and out-of-state: $3 adults, $3 seniors, $1 children (ages 6 – 17)
university students: $2





the lyman museum is following state covid-19 guidelines to assure the safety of our visitors and staff.  limited capacity of visitors allowed in both the museum and mission house. 
 



reservations are recommended for museum entry and mission house tours. online or phone reservations are recommended for museum entry and mission house tours. walk-ins are allowed upon availability of space.    
call or click on the “book” buttons above or the lower right hand “book” button, to make your reservations! 

masks are required at all times in the museum and mission house.
please use the hand sanitizers available throughout the museum.
please follow physical distancing marks of 6 feet.
please follow one-way traffic arrows on carpet.
the museum is disinfected/sanitized after each session.

 

in the museum and mission house, please …….     

absolutely no food or drink
supervise children at all times
cell phones off or set to vibrate while in the mission house
no photography in mission house, photography okay in museum
bags larger than 12” x 12” should be left in the car
strollers are not allowed in galleries or mission house
shirt and footwear required




museum admission times – 30 visitors per session max:    

session 1 ——- 10:00 am–12:00 pm  
session 2 ——- 12:15 pm–2:15 pm  
session 3 ——– 2:30 pm–4:30 pm   


mission house tour times – 5 visitors per tour max:    
 

session 1 ——- 10:05 am–10:35 am   
session 2 ——- 12:20 pm–12:50 pm   
session 3 ——– 2:35 pm – 3:05 pm  











events & special exhibits
 

 
 lyman museum and mission house © 2022 all rights reserved
276 haili street, hilo, hawai’i 96720
phone 808-935-5021
fax 808-969-7685

join our email list


book now










