



 



stella's walkthroughs - strategy guides for the tomb raider series

















 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
























home
games

introduction
tomb raider timeline
core design (1996-2003)

tomb raider
     unfinished business
tomb raider 2
     golden mask
tomb raider 3
     lost artifact
last revelation (tr4)
chronicles (tr5)
angel of darkness (tr6)


crystal dynamics     (2006-present)

legend
anniversary
underworld
     beneath the ashes &
       lara's shadow
tomb raider (2013)
rise of the tomb raider
shadow of the tomb raider


lara croft series

lara croft and the     guardian of light
lara croft and the     temple of osiris


handheld & mobile

tomb raider reloaded
lara croft go
lara croft relic run
game boy (gbc/gba)
nintendo ds
other mobile games




resources

walkthroughs
controls & instructions
tips & strategy
cheat codes
useful bugs
save files & editors
tomb raider level editor
patches & downloads
tech support
taking screenshots & video


community

official tomb raider sites
extra life charity
r/tombraider - reddit
lco forum
community links
katie's tr site
help support this site


news

official tr blog
site updates


contact




















custom search




















my classic guides are ready to help new and returning players navigate these amazing games. i will be adding remastered version updates as time permits. gaming is not my full-time job, so i appreciate your patience.

welcome, friends and fellow raiders!
are you stuck in one of the tomb raider video games? striving for 100% completion? need hints, tips, or a little hand-holding? look no further. you've reached the home of the definitive tomb raider walkthroughs. my detailed game guides have what you need to get started, get un-stuck, or find what you missed the first time through. no matter which game you're playing or which game system you're using—windows pc, macintosh, playstation, xbox,  switch, ios or android devices, even legacy consoles like dreamcast, nintendo wii, and gamecube, and handheld systems like game boy, game boy advance, psp, and vita—you're in the right place.
learn how to control lara. unearth all secrets, treasures, and rewards in every tomb raider game. discover techniques for beating each enemy and boss, find out how to get around bugs and glitches, and unlock every achievement or trophy.
follow these links for the most recent walkthroughs or delve into the archives using the menu up top. 

tomb raider 1-2-3 remastered has been out for while. tomb raider 4-5-6 remastered releases february 14! classic tr guides are all linked here and in the top menu under games > core design.
shadow of the tomb raider
rise of the tomb raider
tomb raider (2013)
lara croft go
lara croft and the temple of osiris


read up and raid on! –stella








 featured content 

nextprev









latest site updates
what's new? click above for the most recent changes to tombraiders.net.








tr  remastered
classic tomb raider  game guides online since 1997. updates in progress.








shadow of the tomb raider
detailed guide to lara's 2018 adventure, including tips for 100% completion.








rise of the tomb raider
detailed  walkthrough for the 2015 game, including guide to 100% completion.










lara croft go
video/screenshot guides for the award-winning, turn-based puzzle game.








temple of osiris
detailed walkthrough with screenshots covers    single-player and co-op  games.








tomb raider 2013
tomb raider game info, complete strategy guide, pc save files and more.








useful bugs
not all bugs are bad. some glitches, like the famous 'corner bug,' can  help.








tomb raider community extra life
we're a team of raiders raising money for children's miracle network hospitals with extra life. since 2012, we've raised more than $95,000 for  local childrens' hospitals. this year's  official extra life weekend marathon will take place  november 8-9. we'll also be announcing plans for additional events throughout the year.
to donate or sign up to play, visit the tomb raider community extra life team page.
for more information about extra life, check out this faq for players and donors, and feel free to contact me or co-captain arkraiderms with any questions.









feedback 



i've used countless walkthroughs, and this is one of the best i've ever seen. it's a semi-open world game with tons of flexibility in what order you do things. most walkthroughs will get to a certain point where you unlock a new item and then go with something like 'you should now be able to pick up most of the stuff you missed in the last area'. but you showed the most efficient path. i'm sure this took a ton of work and i wanted to say how much i appreciate it.

–chris


i've been playing tomb raider for almost 20 years now. i have all of the games on most game systems, and i've played them a million times over. you put a new spark in my life when i play these games again. it feels like the first time!

–mike  




yours are in a different league to any other walkthroughs i've ever encountered.â the othersâ read likeâ washing machineâ instruction manuals.â yoursâ are pieces of creative writing.â you add a whole extra layer of enjoymentâ to the games with your eye for detail, clarity and wit. lara owes you a debt of thanks.â 


–nigel  


pst, stella... just between you and me, your guides are the bee's knees.


–square_enix_eu  













about me

i'm the matriarch in a family of gamers, social media thrall, caffeine junkie, optimist, otaku, and webmaster at tombraiders.net, brickraiders.net, and spacecolonyfans.net. read more about me in the interviews section and feel free to contact me with any questions or feedback.



contact
you can reach me by email or through any of the social links at the top of the page (also on linktree). i'm currently most active on bluesky, reddit, and discord.





tumblr









follow stellatombraider


 




support


your support keeps this site going. click here for more ways to help.



original content and images copyright © 1998-
stellalune. all rights reserved. title banners by the incomparable inna vjuzhanina. no part of this website may be reproduced without permission.
      
      follow this link to read more about tombraiders.net's advertising and privacy policy.
      lara croft, tomb raider, and the tomb raider logo are trademarks of the crystal dynamics group of companies. all rights reserved. this independent fan site is not connected with or otherwise condoned by the creators and publishers of the tomb raider games. visit the official tomb raider site at tombraider.com.·



