







houseworksinteriors


















































              about us
            



              projects
            



                contact us
              















              about us
            



              projects
            



                contact us
              


















houseworks interiorsdesign 



 











houseworks interiorshouseworks interiors has set the design standard in the washington dc area and beyond since its founding in 1992. we have been spotlighted on hgtv as well as washingtonian, washington spaces, traditional homes,  chesapeake home, better homes and gardens, home and design. our work can also be found in books (interior washington dc, spectacular homes of greater washington d.c., house beautiful's storage solutions) as well as in the national symphony orchestra's prestigious decorators' show houses. 













dee thornton, asid allied  my goal is to create interiors that are livable as well as beautiful, that honor the architecture, and that fully express the client's vision. design is a complex process that incorporates space and furniture planning, natural and interior lighting, color, patterned texture. great spaces have both balance and contrast, intensity and calm. the joy of my work is to combine my expertise with each client's style and needs, to achieve spaces that work well over time and become ever more pleasing and beautiful. 

 










houseworks interiorsservices





whether for full or "a la carte" services, we approach design projects in a thoughtful way with meticulous attention to details



consult it begins with a conversation...how will you use the space, what are your style, color, pattern preferences, what pieces do you currently own and treasure, what is your budget...? your lifestyle and tastes will be at the center of our discussion.



plan & design whether for a whole house or a single room, we begin with practical space, furniture and interior architectural planning, and then integrate lighting to bring the rooms to life. finally we add pattern, color and texture to achieve aesthetics goals - harmony, balance, contrast and interest.



implement when the paint is dry, it is time to roll out the rugs, deliver the furniture, install the window treatments, hang the art, plug in the lamps and complete the scheme with accessories for a look that is uniquely yours. it's pulling everything together that makes the difference. that takes your space from pleasing to perfection. 



houseworks interiors services extend well beyond the washington dc metro, alexandria, va and surroundings,contact us for more information.





















back to top


powered by squarespace








