





bowling green international festival - bowling green international festival























































 







 














saturday, september 28, 2024#bgifbysocusupportour sponsorssponsorpromote ust-shirts & merchrestaurant discount cardparticipatenotification subscriptionsapply to performapply to teach dance lessonsrequest boothspacevolunteerposter contestt-shirt design contestrecipe submissionattendticketsfestival dayfestival boothsamenitiesactivitiesperformancesbgif@homerecipe boxcoloring pageschildren’s activitiesvirtual performancesaboutabout ushistoryorganizersmedia galleriesnewsfaqcontacthomemenu







saturday, sept. 28, 2024 
							bowling green, kentucky 
							
circus square park 
							 


activities, contests, and events take place  before & during the festival.  
							performers 
							activities, contests, and events take 
place before & 
during the festival.  
							 


host a booth 
							authentic foods, cultural displays, edutainment activities and merchandise. 
							 



thank you 
to the sponsors who help make the bowling green international festival possible! 
							sponsor list 
							 


 





 


 
34th annual bowling green international festival
september 28, 2024
circus square park, bowling green ky | #bgifbysocu
9:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m.
[rain or shine]
purchase advance tickets ($5) on eventbrite for half the door price ($10). restaurant discount cards ($10) are also half price ($5) when reserved online. 12 and under are free and do not require a ticket. follow our social media for flash discount specials.
subscribe to our informational email lists for participation notifications
purchase 2024 ticketsdownload 2023 brochuresaturday september 28, 2024

admission $10 at the door (buy online and save) – children 12 & under free.
 circus square park, 621 state street, bowling green ky 
 information booth opens 7:30 a.m.
 opening/awards ceremony 8:45 a.m.


vending & performances begin at
9:00 a.m.
 festival closes 6:00 p.m.
 stop by our merchandise booth for our restaurant discount cards & shirts designed by local artists.

frequently asked questionsperformance & eventsstages and performance areas feature a variety of music and dance. activities, contests, and events take place during the festival.
about the festivalget details on admission and the festival location. learn more about the festival’s history and find links to webpages from previous years.
booths at the festivalthe festival features a variety of booths: authentic foreign foods, cultural displays, edu-tainment activities and merchandise.
sponsors & fundraisingthe festival is made possible by sponsors and fundraising activities. visit our booths by the fountain for t-shirts or restaurant discount cards.
new for 2024!
dance lessonsjoin host kelsey tullis for free dance lessons by some of our performers throughout the day in la gala’s ballroom. take a break in the a/c to participate or watch. food & drink can be brought in or is available for purchase.
pbs documentary double featurewku public media presents two short documentaries depicting the unique journeys and experiences of recent immigrants to the united states – “fleeing to flyover country” & “living the american dream” @ the capitol by warren county public library (free ticketed event).










      

      

      

  




      

      

      

      




 
      
 
      

      

      

      

      

      





 © 2016 all rights reserved. site by crowdsouth

bowling green international festival

festival day
tickets
restaurant discount card
merch
faq
notifications


performances
boothspace
poster contest
recipe box
our sponsors

sponsor


coloring pages



 menu






















