










budget glass nanaimo | retail commercial and auto glass


















































































 
















 
 

3900 n island hwy, nanaimo

 

(250) 758-3374

 

mon-fri: 8-4:30 & sat-sun: closed
















 







menu











residential

showers

shower and tub glass enquiries


mirrors
plate glass
backsplash
skylights
fireplace glass
patio doors
sealed units
windows
glass railings
patio covers
window & door screens


auto

windshields


commercial
blog
about us
contact
 










see the sun, skip the rain 
							your all season  shelter. 
							patio covers > 
							

 


window glass not so clear? 
							sealed unit  replacement. 
							sealed units> 
							

 


yes, we do  windshields. 
							rock chips & replacements 
							auto glass > 
							

 


let the  sun shine in. 
							brighten your rooms. 
							skylights> 
							

 


get your glass in here. 
							you won't want to leave. 
							showers> 
							

 













https://youtu.be/0jptxvud7ra




we are hiring!glazier

full-time | permanent
we are hiring for a full time glazier. prior experience is an asset; however we are willing to train individuals in the following: measuring and installing shower doors, mirrors, sealed units, renovation windows, sunrooms, and performing residential and commercial window and door service work.
monday to friday
extended health care
dental care
rrsp match
disability insurance
please respond by email only.
email resume
we love glass!we're nanaimo’s residential, commercial, and auto glass specialists 
budget glass in nanaimo has been serving central vancouver island with residential and commercial glass products since 1983. we are a “full service glass station”, and we pride ourselves on delivering high quality products, memorable customer service, and clear communication. 
our highly skilled team of “good guys” can provide just about any kind of glass you need for home, business, or your vehicle. we’re one of the few companies that offer a one-stop-shop for all aspects of retail glass including residential, commercial, and auto glass. in fact all of our customers are in some stage of building, renovating, driving, or in need of glass replacement. we care about your experience with us, making sure that you’re treated fairly throughout the process.
budget glass guarantees the quality of our products and installation, ensuring your glass work is done right, on time, and within budget.
see all services


try our new shower and tub
visual enquiry tool!




			
			start your shower/tub enquiry		


request an estimate

 













auto glass & windshieldsshowersmirrorsglassbacksplashsunrooms & patio coversglass railingssealed units & windowspatio doors & skylightscommercial








providing your address helps us get you a quote faster.
please leave this field empty.










interior beautyif you need your residential glass replaced or repaired, are looking for beautiful home renovation options, or are improving your home’s efficiency give us a call for a free estimate. 
showers    mirrors    glass    backsplash




















windshields & auto glassbudget glass is an icbc glass express shop, meaning you can come directly to us for your icbc insurance auto glass claims (don’t worry, your insurance rates won’t go up if you make an auto glass claim).  auto glass




















outdoor livingwhy limit your enjoyment of the summer months to just summer? our outdoor glass options let you make the most of every season to give you more space to appreciate the view, enjoy a hobby, or spend time with family and friends.
glass railings     patio covers & canopies     screens
home efficiencybudget glass can make your home more energy efficient by installing energy star vinyl windows, patio doors, and skylights. enjoy more natural light throughout your home without concern of increasing your energy costs. if you're considering renovating your windows, give us a call for a free estimate.
sealed units     patio doors     windows     skylights
 




















our storybudget glass has been serving the nanaimo area in central vancouver island since 1983, getting to know the needs of our customers one job at a time. call us old-fashioned, but we’ve been around the longest, have the best-trained staff, and will still be here to stand behind the work we do. your stories become our story, one great project at a time. we deliver a quality product on time and within budget, and back it up with the best warranty in the business. we appreciate our customers and they appreciate our work, so the customers we meet are the customers we keep.
more about us
 












copyright 2024 budget glass


































































