











marillion.com | the official website








































 “so bend your head, the way that flowers bend their heads..” - pour my love








home
order an hour before it's dark
news
connect
music
tour
shop
free stuff
[login]




latest news
news archive
press room


forum
photo galleries
fanclubs
newsletters


discography
lyrics
solo projects


latest tour dates
tour downloads
setlist archive
support the band


racket records
racket faq & help













































marillion
the remains of the weekend
live in port zelande 2023
out now!



click here for blu-ray
click here for dvd
click here for friday cd
click here for sunday cd









this strange engine
deluxe edition
2024 michael hunter remix
							unreleased live show (grand rapids 1997)
							b-sides & bonus tracks*
							hi-res / surround mixes*
							jams & early versions*
							documentary*
							live in utrecht video bootleg*
							promo videos*


*blu-ray only

							includes signed a4 print (while stocks last)
							now available for pre-order


click here for cd/blu-ray
click here for vinyl









marillion rebooted
retro t-shirts

							now available


click here for the shop [external link]
click here for full details









an hour before it's dark
live in port zelande 2023

							vinyl now available


click here for vinyl
click here for blu-ray
click here for dvd
click here for cd









marillion weekends 2023
remaining merchandise

							now on sale


click here for all items
click here for clothing
click here for other merchandise






  				 
			


					 
			




					 
						






				 
			








compact disc





blu-ray & dvd

 



vinyl





download

 



clothing

 



merch


							 
					

							 
					









sign up to the eweb newsletter for news, release, gig & tour announcements






submit




enter email address and click 'submit'




				 
			






				 
31 october 2024as it's almost approaching november, we thought it was time for another studio update and a new release!  the update from the studio is that we’re now...read more... 13 september 2024as summer draws to a close, we set our sights on the rest of the year and into the next.  we are currently all ensconced in the studio, jamming around to try and write...read more... 15 august 2024go and get a glass of something cold (or warm, depending on your preference) and settle down for this longer than usual e-web...read more... 8 may 2024we had our first day back in the studio yesterday after our enforced absence. it was fantastic to welcome pete back into the room - he’s looking great...read more... 7 february 2024as we approach rehearsals for cruise to the edge we regret to announce that pete trewavas must undergo a routine surgical procedure...read more... 12 june 2023we know that summer is just starting and we still have one more marillion weekend in berlin to enjoy next week (hurrah!), but we are already...read more... 24 march 2023it’s been less than a week since the house lights came on and the last piece of heart shaped confetti drifted to the floor and we are already...read more... 21 march 2023we are pleased to announce the final in our series of deluxe editions of the marillion emi studio albums. seasons end will be released...read more...  

				 
			








				 
31 october 2024as it's almost approaching november, we thought it was time for another studio update and a new release!  the update from the studio is that we’re now...read more... 13 september 2024as summer draws to a close, we set our sights on the rest of the year and into the next.  we are currently all ensconced in the studio, jamming around to try and write...read more... 15 august 2024go and get a glass of something cold (or warm, depending on your preference) and settle down for this longer than usual e-web...read more... 8 may 2024we had our first day back in the studio yesterday after our enforced absence. it was fantastic to welcome pete back into the room - he’s looking great...read more... 7 february 2024as we approach rehearsals for cruise to the edge we regret to announce that pete trewavas must undergo a routine surgical procedure...read more...  

				 
			




home | news | contact | music | tour | shop | marillion weekend | privacy


			 
  		






















