






south bay writers | california writers club









































home
about

south bay writers
how to join
where and when we meet
top ten reasons to join
top ten reasons to volunteer
anthology
legal notices


leadership

board of directors
sbw representatives
sbw events
committee chairs
message from the president


meet our members

member gallery
member bios

update bios


awards
member books


join

about membership
why i joined
how to join
application
submit payment


newsletter

current issue
submission guidelines
writerstalk staff
back issues
cumulative index


contact
news & events
open mic
event photo gallery
 





select page


  
 



 



 
















2024-2025 membership$65/year for new members
join the south bay writers club
 

 
 





monthly meeting location
willow glen branch library san jose
 

 
 





winter writing contesttopic: new year’s resolutions (past, present, future) format: 200-300 words, word document email to: newsletter@southbaywriters.com
 

 
 
 
 
 





      
 
join us for our next meeting
 




feb 8, 2025: julia prodis sulek – the soul of the story: mining meaningful details to bring emotions to life
jan 30, 2025 | event, monthly meeting


julia prodis sulek specializes in breaking news and narrative storytelling at her hometown paper, the mercury news. she has covered everything from plane crashes to presidential campaigns, murder trials to nba finals and nearly every major wildfire in northern california for the past decade. she was part of the team that won the 2017 pulitzer prize in breaking news for coverage of oakland’s ghost ship fire and has been a pulitzer finalist in feature writing. she wrote an award-winning six-part narrative series “hanging: the mysterious case of the boy in the barn,” and narrated a companion podcast. before joining the mercury news, she worked for the associated press in cheyenne, detroit and dallas.
where: willow glen library community room, 1157 minnesota ave, san jose, 95125
when: saturday, feb 8th at 10:30am

 


 

see more news in our blog and writerstalk newsletter.
 
 


writerstalk newsletter stand
enjoy in the january issue

no february writerstalk this month, due to the open managing editor position.
please talk to us about the writerstalk editor position, and help us shape the future of the newsletter and web site relationship!
members are encouraged to contribute work for publication in writerstalk.  read submission guideline here. 
 
become a member
start your membership on our join page. 
 
join our mailing list
stay up-to-date on our mailing list. 
 
open mic nights via zoom
first and third fridays of the month.  sign-up here.. 
 
view all events
see all upcoming and previous events here 
 
too many visitors to your website? too many book sales?
send us your photo and bio with links to your website and booksellers. 
 
 
 
 
  


 
 
 




designed by john byrne barry using divi theme. powered by wordpress.  

 
 
 













