





kgcna









 © copyright 1996 - 2023, kgcna.
 the karmann ghia club of north america
please note:

kgcna has obtained permission in writing to publish copyrighted materials 
    from both volkswagen ag and wilhelm karmann gmbh, and we are a registered 
    licensee of volkswagen of america. please do not attempt to save a copy of 
    materials from our site, as this may jeopardize our permission to use the 
    materials. 
the french karmann ghia club has a similar domain name. find them at http://karmann-ghia.org/.

  
 

 



 




contents:

 about kgcna
 the karmannghiaclub email list
 member services
 karmann chronicles, the kgcna newsletter
 how to join kgcna
 regular meetings
 contacting kgcna:

 how to contact kgcna
 submit an article via email
 submit an ad to the karmann 
      chronicles via email

 kgcna history
 kgcna leadership
 literature

 color and upholstery combinations
 sales brochures
 accessories
 miscellaneous literature

 miscellaneous pages:

 vw paints, chips, mixing formulas, etc.
 related web pages
 technical notes
case study of bodywork 
      in the modern era
the fiftieth anniversary celebration

 faq list - frequently asked questions and reasonable 
    answers

please provide feedback to our webmeister. 








the karmannghiaclub e-mail list
kgcna now hosts an email list so you can communicate with other k.g. enthusiasts
world-wide in real-time. (a digest mode with daily collections is not yet
available.) as of march 30, 1999, the email list has aproximately 500 karmann
ghia enthusiasts, from europe to australia, to the philipines, this list
is broad-reaching....
membership in kgcna is desired, but not required for membership on the
e-list.
to sign-up and for more information, please follow this
link.



about the karmann ghia club of north america
the karmann ghia club of north america (kgcna) is an educational, non-profit
corporation (under irs 501c(3) rules) dedicated to the serving the needs
of the karmann ghia community. (note that we are not a charity, and dues
are not deductible from your taxes.)




kgcna member services
members have a wide range of services available. chief among membership
benefits is a subscription to a newsletter called the karmann
chronicles the club also sponsors various car shows, performs appraisals,
and offers a large selection of regalia items including everything from
t-shirts to books.
soon, a more exhaustive list will be posted here.




how to join kgcna
membership is easy: simply send us your vital statistics - name, address,
that sort of thing - along with your dues to our club address, and we'll
sign you up!
club dues are presently $25 per year for us addresses, and $40 for all
others. dues should be made payable to kgcna, and must be in us funds only.
note that we are interested in aiding the karmann ghia community through
maintenance of a database. one of the most important uses of this data
is helping to protect members from the ravages of insurance companies,
who love to consider your pride and joy "just an old vw." to perform this
service, we need to keep up to date with the market, and want to know your
actual
selling prices for ghias you buy or sell, not just what you report to your
department of motor vehicles. please provide, for all ghias you can:


vw type number


model 141, cabriolet, left hand drive

model 142, cabriolet, right hand drive

model 143, coupe', left hand drive

model 144, coupe', right hand drive

model 343, coupe', left hand drive

model 344, coupe', right hand drive

model 345, sunroof coupe', left hand drive

model 346, sunroof coupe', right hand drive


vin (chassis number)

body number (typically behind the spare tire, or on the right inner fender
wall next to the id plate)

rating: 1-5 where 1 is top condition, and 5 is a parts-only car.

price - what you paid, or got for this particular k.g.

this information is kept strictly confidential!




regular meetings
all kgcna meetings are open to interested parties. membership is not required,
and neither is ownership of a karmann ghia - only an interest in the marque.
feel welcome to bring a friend along, and your ghia of course!

 san francisco bay area

meetings are held on the third saturday of every month, starting 
    at approximately 6pm. the location is a bart accessible industrial space in 
    oakland. map and directions. 
    there is no set ending time, and often the gathering begins much earlier. 
    enthusiasts will find the venue a delight as it's held at a workshop filled 
    with karmann ghia things, and projects in various states of completion. some 
    folks bring dinner, and sometimes pizza is ordered... you're encouraged to 
    bring what ever you like. 




how to contact kgcna
our address is:
the karmann ghia club of north america
4200 park blvd, #151
oakland ca 94602
you may also contact any of the members of the leadership, at their
various addresses, published below.




kgcna history
the club was founded in 1994 by richard troy with lots of help from many other 
ghia enthusiasts. there is an interesting history to how the club was started... 
(please be patient - we'll be posting it here soon!) 

current kgcna leadership


richard troy, founder and current president

larry edson, editor
 vacant position, treasurer
 vacant position, ad coordinator
 vacant position, regalia coordinator

richard troy
kgcna founder and current president

richard@karmannghia.org
https://karmannghia.org/richard/
510-717-6942
fax: none presently
richard has been an active karmann ghia enthusiast for about 30 years focused 
  on the pre-60 ghia, though over the years he has owned a good number of nearly 
  all types and years of karmann ghia. he performs as many tasks as he can in 
  his restoration and maintenance efforts, so it's hard to find something he hasn't 
  done to his cars himself. 
richard's is meticulous and slow, but his approach to perfection shows.
as a case in point, richard has spent 8 years restoring 1991940, and completed
it in the spring of '95. the vehicle was nice enough to be honored to represent
karmann at the behring auto museum in blackhawk, california in an exhibit
on carrozzeria ghia, featuring the famed "chrysler d'elegance" - the d'elegance
is arguably the fore-runner of the karmann ghia. (there is some
debate on the exact heritage, but there is no debate that the two
designs are very closely related.)
richard, in addition to his role as president, also authors several
columns in the karmann chronicles, and is active in reproducing a number
of rare parts for the vintage karmann ghia.
his other automotive interests include the porsche 356, and the rometsch, and 
  he is very active in vintage racing engines. in particular, richard loves to 
  play with okrasa, denzel, and early porsche high performance engines. amazingly, 
  he has made reproduction parts for all three types! ("ya gotta do, what ya gotta 
  do when it comes to making these things work!") oh yes, and he has a judson 
  super charger too, though it's just an aside. richard plans on someday benchmarking 
  each engine type in the same vehicle, for "apples to apples" comparisons of 
  performance. 
for his day job, richard is a computer scientist.



vacant position
kgcna vice president
kgcna needs a volunteer, preferably in the san francisco bay area to
take on the role of vice president. the role of vp is as fun and exciting
as you care to make it! a successful candidate should have good communication
skills, and strong interests in representing the club. any current members
in good standing are eligible. please contact richard or larry for more
information.



vacant position
editor, the karmann chronicles
larry edson, acting editor

662 hawthorne av.
campbell, ca, 95008-2117
408-379-4158 (pst)

sonofed@karmannghia.org
larry, as editor, is obviously is one of the real work-horses of the
organization, but never seems to be too busy to call up and say, "hey!
did you see that ghia in the paper for $200!" larry owns a gaggle of ghias
- all type 3s... he's brave about saving them, and is a real hero when
it comes to the lengths to which he will go...
larry is also a family man and has two children. larry is a computer
software consultant, and has other outside interests. mostly, he's into
music and is a part of a local choir, but he also loves to deliver balloons
and party favours for valentines day!



karmann chronicles ad coordinator

richard@karmannghia.org



vacant position
kgcna membership coordinator



vacant position
kgcna regalia coordinator
kgcna presently is in need of a regalia coordinator, preferably in the
san francisco bay area, though not necessarily so. the role involves accepting
orders for regalia items and filling them. work with others in leadership
in placing orders for more regalia items, and perhaps come up with new
and creative ideas for new items. occasionally, new ad copy for the karmann
chronicles will be required. any member of kgcna in good standing is eligible
for this position.
any interested party is encouraged to contact richard  regarding
this position.





