






your local eugene telecom service provider | preferred connections


































































 
























 





 








































(866) 866-4724
get connected today



info@pcinw.net
drop us a line




























homeabout usvoip servicesfax servicessystems integrationscolocation servicescontact uswebmail 



 








 

 
 
  
 
  





































preferred connections inc. nw gets you connected! 







custom quotes and solutions for business phones, network connectivity, and more! 






get a free nework analysis
















 









our internet and telecom services 
















 





our internet and telecom services 



									preferred connections inc., nw (pcinw) delivers a broad suite of innovative network and colocation services that free up it staff, reduce technology expenses, and provide technology infrastructure flexibility for our customers. every service package is created and customized to fit each customer’s unique business.

pcinw is a full-service, business solutions provider. we sell and install premise-based and hosted ip pbx phone systems as well as a range of other network and computer infrastructure. we also offer a full suite of internet access solutions for businesses, especially those in remote areas where high speed connections are rare. our multiple fiber optic cable connections to the internet are designed to provide maximum security for critical business data.
our deep technical expertise is supplemented with strategic alliances with top quality telecommunication service providers. we partner with multiple local, regional, and national top service providers to offer companies a wide range of service options.
we’re happy to perform a free analysis of your organization’s current infrastructure! fill out the form below and a representative will contact you.
read about how we cut our client’s phone bill in half. contact us today to see if we can do the same for yours! 







 
call today
























get a quote 















 











info@pcinw.net
drop us a line



(866) 866-4724
get connected today



1863 pioneer parkway e #225, springfield
mail us a letter







web design by get found, llc 






































 

