

baikal tours in siberia - travel lake baikal



























			   baikalex.com  -  tours to lake baikal area:
tours to lake baikal:    
			choose from our wide range of affordable escorted tours or enjoy the flexibility of our independent 
			vacations.      and be sure to venture 
			into the great outback to experience the unique grandeur of siberia's lake baikal. 
			    baikal explorer:
			      adventure & eco-tours in siberia
			      baikal lake tour
			      boat charters & offroad tours
			      baikal lake tours
			      details / facts - information guide
			      tours to lake baikal
			      service for travellers:
			      tours to baikal lake
			      transfers for individuals & groups
			      lake baikal tours
			      hotels, hostels and guesthouses rent
			      baikal tour
			      travel & tour information
			      tours to baikal
			      tours & professional travel support
			      programs & customized itineraries
			      baikal lake tours
			      
			this site is about: guide to lake baikal, tours to baikal, travel service in siberia and lake baikal. baikal lake guide. russia, siberia, lake baikal: tours, cruises, boat tours. travel to baikal. russian lake baikal. siberian lake baikal. 
			guide to siberia and baikal. information about siberian lake baikal in russia. tours to baikal. adventure travel in lake baikal and siberia. all you wanted to know about baikal lake in siberia. baikal - details and facts about siberian lake. 
			russian description adventure safari. tours on trans-siberian, transsib and trans-siberia tours. baikal lake companies, travel agencies in baikal lake. baikal guides, accommodation, transfers in baikal, siberia and buryatia. travel trans-siberian, 
			transsib, trans-siberia. travel to eastern siberia region and to lake baikal. travel opportunities, adventure tours, sailing, diving, hiking, fishing, details and facts about lake baikal. russian exotic, extreme in russia, online travel 
			guide, budget travel to baikal, travel assistance, transfers, budget accommodation, excursions, baikal guide - help for the travellers. trans-siberian, transsib, trans-siberia travel, adventure service for travelers in siberia and lake baikal. 
			extreme tours to baikal. baikal travel adventure in siberia. travel lake baikal, see the map of baikal. in one word: baikal travel tours of baikal travel in siberia. trans-siberia adventure tours and baikal lake travel at baikal area and siberia.












places to visit :
listvyanka settlement -
olkhon island -
circumbaikal railway -
arshan / tunka valley -
sayan mountains -
travel by boatbaikal boats & cruises
accommodationlake baikal & irkutsk city
transportationirkutsk city & baikal lake
map of baikal
215 kb / 1:750000




contact info
about us
travel articles !
traveller feedback
travel links














 
					this baikal travel and tour guide, featuring travel service, maps, photos, 
					tours, attractions and more, will help you plan a successful trip to lake 
					baikal, siberia.



							we are glad to help you to arrange vacation and to get profitable information for you. be supported 
							and feel safe, stay independent and explore baikal reality.  any place, all seasons, different 
							opportunities - any time.updated information is here:
www.baikalexplorers.com







summer tours
   |   
winter tours


winter tours to lake baikal   2024-2025






...

3-4 day ice adventure by russian military jeeps to one of the biggest island of baikal lake - olkhon. 
							transparent black ice, blue hummocks, icy caves and bubbles at the remote territory of frozen lake baikal.
click here




circumbaikal railway tour









1 day tour to circumbaikal railway. the tour runs on every wednesday, thursday, saturday and sunday. 
							it is a 10-hour relaxing journey along the glorious railway, above & through the rocky shores of baikal.
click here




siberian adrenaline rush: november - march







..
active winter adventure by snowmobiles through 
							siberian backwoods to the endless fields of baikal transparent ice. extreme feelings, 
							purple sun, fresh air and speed - the experience you'll never forget!
click here




dog-sledding tours: november - march






...

siberian dog-sledding adventure deep in taiga. baikal dog sledding trips as a winter adventure activity during 
							the sightseeing tour to listvyanka village. duration: from 1 hour trip to 1-2 days travel.
click here



tours to siberian shaman: november - may





..

the trip to siberian village to visit a buryat shaman, for a rare cultural encounter. observe ceremonial excerpts from 
							buryat shamanistic practice, listen to buryat songs and history. shamanistic customs.
contact us for more information




baikal ice diving & ice diving tours






...

baikal ice dives: looking for extreme diving? you've found it. the siberian lake baikal ice diving 
							allows you to test the limits of fun. baikal's remarkable underwater visibility guarantees an incomparable 
							diving experience.
click here








information guide


					recreational areas:
					- olkhon island
					- chivirkuysky gulf
					- circumbaikal railway
					- peschanaya bay
					- wooden irkutsk
					- trans-siberian rw



					details and facts: baikal in numbers. quantitative data. depth, length, ...
click here



baikal seals:freshwater nerpa
click here



baikal wild life:mammals, fauna
click here



water of baikal lake:
					- colour
					- transparency
					- temperature
					- pressure
					- depth
					- currents
					- budget
					- chemical composition
					- pollution



					baikal web world: everything you wanted to know about baikal lake and the 
					entire siberian region. baikal web world - comprehensive quantitative and description 
					data on lake bajkal. click here












terms of use | 
	privacy statement | 
	ask a question | 
	contact us
	copyright © 2000-2025 baikalex. all rights reserved.travel to lake baikal area & tours to baikal lake / siberia:
	baikal tours at https://www.baikalex.com




