





italiangen.org – promoting italian family history and genealogy since 1993





































































italiangen.orgpromoting italian family history and genealogy since 1993 promoting italian family history
and genealogy since 1993


 
join the igg
log in


about
databases
meetings & events
scholarships
donations
members area
contact







join the igg today 
							

 







 






the italian genealogical group is dedicated to promoting italian family history and genealogy. as a non-profit organization, we are dedicated to furthering genealogical research, through educational initiatives and the curation of resources. established in 1993, the igg exists to provide support for those interested in researching their italian ancestry.if you are interested in researching your italian heritage, please join us. our members range from beginners to professional genealogists, and all are welcome. family history is an interesting, rewarding hobby that will enable you to discover your past and preserve your heritage for future generations. 











 







igg book project: now available! 



as long as you speak my name: written narratives about italian immigrants 











 
get the book










getting started
learn how to begin researching your family history. 
meetings & events
our monthly meetings are informative and fun. join us! 
scholarships
open to high school seniors throughout the united states. 
join the igg
gain access to members-only tools and resources. 
igg members have access to additional content.
become a member today and get access to every newsletter we’ve ever sent, exclusive research databases and much more. learn how to become a member »



 the italian genealogical group (igg) is a not for profit organization that was established in 1993 to provide support for those interested in researching their italian ancestry.


 p.o. box 626
bethpage, ny 11714-0626


emailfacebook
join the igg
search databases
ge​tting star​ted
contact us

 as a non-profit organization, donations are greatly appreciated.


donate now
copyright © 2025 · italian genealogical group, inc. all rights reserved. 
privacy policy|site map












































