





mike shannon – developing software and products on the web

































 






skip to content
 


mike shannondeveloping software and products on the web 

menu


home
code
video
favorite books
blog






 







hi i’m mike and thanks for visiting

i have significant experience in the following areas: web & software development, seo, project management, team leadership, product management and v&v engineering. you can find some of my code on github.
when i get the chance, i encourage people to learn to code 🙂
you can also read my blog.
latest posts
creating images from text descriptions using dall-edecember 20, 2022this is one of the coolest things i’ve seen in a long time. i’m able to write a simple or even a complex text description and an ai / computer …
chatgpt: ai writes and codes!december 16, 2022chatgpt is an ai-based app that is apparently open for people to test and i think is in a sort of preview mode at the moment. so today i tried …
factory pattern examplesoctober 30, 2022the factory pattern is a software design pattern where an object of a particular type is returned based on some provided information and without specifying the exact class. why use …
software interview question: test if two strings are an anagram of each otheroctober 29, 2022i was asked this question during a whiteboarding session while interview for a software engineering job: test if two strings are an anagram of each other. what is an anagram? …
observer pattern examplesoctober 24, 2022the observer pattern is a software design pattern that is a good fit for situations where there is one thing that needs to send a message to many other things. …
decorator pattern examplesoctober 22, 2022the decorator pattern is useful when you want to add some behavior to an object (or compose combinations of behavior) at run time but without adding that same behavior to …

what i’m up to
since 2015 i’ve been building and testing software at quidel (nasdaq: qdel). 
in 2021 i became responsible for software quality at quidel. and before that, i was in charge of web development for a few years. i also built and maintain a key system (myquidel.com) helping to deliver software updates to tens of thousands of medical device instruments.
from 2007-2015 i co-founded and ran best rank, inc. (seo + web design). my team and i helped people grow their businesses through improved online visibility. i created best rank’s original seo service offering and also built over 100 web sites (including some e-commerce) sites during my tenure.
from 2005-2007 while working on my mba at sdsu (information systems) i built the original software platform powering esq sites and after grad school spent time developing web applications at adicio.
from 2000-2004 while working on my computer science undergrad degree, i served as web master for the athletics and campus police departments at cal state san marcos.





find me on linkedin
facebook
twitter

latest tweets


 
			        	cool example of using chat gpt to generate programmatic commands that then do stuff like turn on lights. wouldn't i… https://t.co/s5z0hgoqfe 





							2 years ago							






 
			        	blue angels at san diego miramar 2022 https://t.co/iepbvaoli5 via @youtube 





							2 years ago							






 
			        	git in two minutes https://t.co/pwyx923dza 





							3 years ago							






 
			        	this is cool… https://t.co/twdvabxh62 





							3 years ago							















                                				copyrite © 2025 mike shannon
				
            












