





university bulletins < wayne state

























skip to content
az index
catalog home










wayne state university














warrior strong






toggle search field



search

search









search

search







academic catalog

toggle menu





courses a-z


programs a-z


faculty a-z


 print options










2024-2025 edition




programs a-z


courses a-z


 print options





undergraduate bulletin
graduate bulletin
programs a-​z
courses a-​z
faculty a-​z
archive editions
academic curricula
















university bulletins



2024 - 2025 undergraduate bulletin
 
2024 - 2025 graduate bulletin
 
archive editions
 
the university bulletins contain the general rules and regulations for study at wayne state university. it is the responsibility of the student to meet and satisfy all university, college, and program requirements. the university reserves the right to change any provision at any time.
the webpages within the domain, bulletins.wayne.edu, represent the official university bulletin for the 2024-2025 academic year. the information contained includes courses, curricula, policies, and academic appointments as approved in advance of march 25, 2024. in the event that a revision was approved for this edition after publication, it is possible these changes will not be reflected here within. such revisions will be reflected in the next edition of the university bulletin, which will be published online in march 2025.
undergraduate bulletin-in-effect policy:
all undergraduate students at wayne state university may choose to graduate under the academic regulations and degree requirements as stated in the bulletin in effect at the time of their graduation or any of the bulletins in the previous seven academic years, provided one of the bulletins covers a period of the student’s registration. all requirements of the chosen bulletin must be met. however, if necessary, the university-wide bulletin-in-effect committee, colleges, and schools can make appropriate adjustments in order to accommodate students as best they can to adapt their previous coursework to a new bulletin.












twitter
facebook
instagram
linkedin
flickr
youtube




records and registration

				42 w. warren
				detroit, mi 48202 (map)
				313-577-3541
			





privacy and university policies


wayne state university © 2024-2025
			




back to top




close this window

print options





send page to printer
print this page.

download page (pdf)the pdf will include all information unique to this page.download pdf of the entire 2024-2025 undergraduate catalogall pages in the undergraduate catalog.download pdf of the entire 2024-2025 graduate catalogall pages in graduate catalog. 






