





gift from within - gift from with























































skip to content

anything that has real and lasting value is always a gift from within - franz kafka
read more

 





 
 


 
menu 




menu 
home
symptoms
veterans
treatment
statistics
 


 









 
menu 
home
symptoms
veterans
treatment
statistics
 


 











free access to…
ptsd insights and support for survivors and caregivers.

about us
access resources





925 n. la brea avelos angeles, ca
(213) 290-1513help@giftfromwithin.com
monday – friday 8:00am – 4:00pm



welcome
we’re here to help.  
gfw helps everyone with ptsd by sharing ideas, improving morale, and reducing the stigma of the diagnosis and its treatment. 
we have articles written by authorities in the field, poetry and art gallery for trauma survivors, a q&a, videos, book reviews, list of retreats for survivors, global list of trauma survivor support groups, and other educational materials and resources.
you can explore our content here. 







learn more 


physical symptoms
ptsd manifests in a wide variety of physical symptoms, including hyperarousal, sleep disturbances, and fatigue. read all about the psychological symptoms here.   


psychological symptoms
the psychological symptoms of ptsd are characterised by intrusive memories, avoidance, and increased emotional reactivity. read the full list of psychological symptoms here.


genetic contributions
genetic contributions to ptsd have been observed in many studies, highlighting the role of heritability and epigenetics. read all about the genetic contributions here. 


veteran support
veterans have a 2-3x higher rate of lifetime occurrence of ptsd than the general population. read about the symptoms, rates, and treatments available to veterans here. 


treatment
common treatments for ptsd, such as cbt, emdr, and talk therapy, have recently been augmented with experimental treatments including mdma therapy. read more here. 


complex ptsd
complex ptsd presents treatment complications and issues not seen with single-case ptsd. read about the challenges associated with complex ptsd here.


or explore all ptsd topics here







our promise
evidence-backed insights and advice to help you defeat ptsd. 
we are steadfastly committed to providing you with treatment recommendations and advice that are grounded in scientific research and evidence-based studies. understanding the complexity of post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd) and the diversity of those it affects, we recognize the crucial importance of reliable, accurate information in the journey towards healing and recovery. your trust and well-being are paramount to us. in navigating the challenges of ptsd, you can count on gfw as a source of dependable, scientifically-supported guidance and support.



latest articles from our blog



understanding and support: navigating ptsd awareness month
may 20, 2023



‘konan: trapped in trauma’ reveals the staggering extent of ptsd in the uk
november 20, 2023


 










important disclaimer
although the information on this website represents the latest understandings of ptsd, it does not consider your individual circumstances or experiences and so should not be considered medical advice. please read all information on this website as general information only and seek professional advice from a trained and licensed practitioner if you need guidance or support on your personal experiences or conditions.


contact
gift from within925 n. la brea ave,los angeles, ca, 90038
(213) 290-1513
help@giftfromwithin.org




get our newsletter
join our weekly newsletter for ptsd advice, support, and the latest research.

 









 your name
 

 your email
 
δ





© 2024 gift from within

privacy policy
terms of service









 closegift from within
services

service template


physicians
blog
contact
styles
 



 



search for:






















