


biblelessons.com













	
		  


home  | 

	lessons  | 

	email  | 

	videos  | 

	facebook  | 

	beliefs   
















available at amazon











origins of christian worship  
the early church was comprised mainly of jews who had accepted jesus as the promised messiah and lord. therefore, to best understand the origins of christian worship, we must look at the history of jewish worship and its influence on the worship of the early church. read more

a study of baptism  
when we believe in jesus and obey god's command to be immersed in water, god does many wonderful things in our lives: he forgives and washes away our sins (acts 2:38; 22:16), he adds us to the body of christ (1 cor 12:13; gal 3:27), and he buries our old self and raises us to walk in newness of life (rom 6:3-6; col 2:13). 
read more



assurance of salvation     god wants us to have confidence regarding our salvation. the apostle john wrote in 1 john 5:13, "these things i have written to you who believe in the name of the son of god, so that you may know that you have eternal life." but since we all sin and fall short of the glory of god, how can we have such confidence? 
read more

the holy spirit: our help and strength     some people believe that when the bible speaks of the spirit of god going forth and doing something, it really is just another way of saying that god himself is doing something. however, the bible seems clearly to teach that the holy spirit is an actual divine person.
read more

is abortion just a choice?  
according to the statistics, the number of reported abortions performed in the united states in the 1980s and 1990s was approximately 1.5 million annually.
read more

see complete list of lessons...







 all booksold testament onlynew testament onlybooks of lawbooks of historybooks of wisdommajor prophetsminor prophetsapocryphathe gospelspauline epistlesgeneral epistlesapocalyptic booksamerican standard versionenglish standard versionking james versionnew american standardnew century versionnew international reader's versionnew international versionnew king james versionnew living translationnew revised standardrevised standard versiontoday's new international versionworld english bibleyoung's literal translation 

blue letter bible
numerous resources and bible study helps. great site for in-depth study of god's word.

vine's complete expository dictionary
easy way to study biblical words as written in their original languages.

international standard bible encylopediacontains articles and definitions to thousands of words and terms used in scripture.

matthew henry bible commentaryoriginally written in 1706. provides an exhaustive look at every verse in the bible.

strong's exhaustive concordancechoose either the kjv or the nasb to study original languages of the bible.

hebrew and greek lexicons
use strong's concordance numbers to learn detailed meaning intended by authors.

smith's bible dictionaryover 4,500 subjects defined and analyzed with corresponding scripture references.

nave's topical bibleconsists of 20,000+ topics and subtopics, and 100,000 references to the scriptures.

bible hubfeatures text in multiple translatinos, greek and hebrew study tools, concordances, etc.
















copyright © 1998-2025.  bible lessons worldwide ministry.  bob williams is the pulpit minister for the hamilton crossroads church of christ in brundidge, alabama (hamiltoncrossroadscoc.com). he is an alumnus of york university in york, ne (1977-1979), freed-hardeman university in henderson, tn (1982-1985), and harding school of theology in memphis, tn (1986-1990). since its inception in 1998, thousands of people throughout the world visit his website, biblelessons.com, every month, and bob is privileged to conduct in-depth bible studies with many of them.

	



