










ridenow socal: motorcycle & powersports dealer in vista, ca













































































®
















































skip to main content





shop brands




featured brands

polaris off roadcan-amsea-doo



all brands


all brands











previous



next








toggle navigation

















							1725 hacienda dr. vista, ca
										92081
						






							760-433-4333​
						




						socal
					






españolenglish





search

go








home 

inventory


pre-owned inventory
new inventory
clearance inventory

get cash offer





can-am®
polaris® off-road vehicles
sea-doo® watercraft
can-am® maverick r



finance

buy a gift
								card
6 months deferred interest*

get an insurance quote 
get pre-qualified 
shop by payment
apply now
value your trade
oem promotions

loan
								protection




service

service department
service appointments
maintenance plan

free tire install
								request
sell/trade your vehicle



parts & accessories

parts
								department
parts
								request

free tire install
								request



info

contact us
about ridenow socal

visit us: map &
								hours
schedule an appointment
reviews
vin check

employment opportunities
sponsorship request


riders connection signup











			ridenow socal
		


				1725 hacienda dr.
			
 
					vista
				, 
						ca
					 
					92081
				

				us
			

phone: 
				760-433-4333
			
email: 
				sales@ridenowsocal.com
			

fax:
				
					760.477.1912
				














get out and ride now

search our inventory of hundreds of new & pre-owned models.

search

go









polaris utvs and atvs on sale up to $3000 off select off-road vehicles. financing as low as 1.99% for 36 months.polaris utvs and atvs on sale up to $3000 off select off-road vehicles. financing as low as 1.99% for 36 months.
rebates up to $2,000 on the purchase on several can-am off-road vehiclesrebates up to $2,000 on the purchase on several can-am off-road vehicles
yamaha. up to $3000 customer cash on select models. get out and ride sales event.yamaha. up to $3000 customer cash on select models. get out and ride sales event.
offer valid 2/1/25 through 2/28/25. financing is subject to credit approval. void where prohibited. not all who apply will qualify. visit our consumer financing page or contact your local dealer for more information.offer valid 2/1/25 through 2/28/25. financing is subject to credit approval. void where prohibited. not all who apply will qualify. visit our consumer financing page or contact your local dealer for more information.
cash offer - ride in. cash out. ridenow socal | vista, ca | powersports dealer
free tire install - with the purchase of any in-stock tires. bring in your estimates & we will match the priceridenow socal | vista, ca | powersports dealer
ridenow socal | vista, ca | powersports dealerridenow socal | vista, ca | powersports dealer








previous



pause



next










new inventory
shop now




pre-owned
shop now





sell / tradeyour vehicle
learn more





















motorcycles
view models





utv
view models





atv
view models





watercraft
view models










ridenow powersportssocal
ridenow socal, formerly north county's house of motorcycles is the first true powersports superstore in the region, proudly serving san diego, oceanside, vista, carlsbad, encinitas, del mar, san clemente and dana point. located just a few short miles south of camp pendleton, our 40,000 square foot facility carries a massive selection of new and used motorcycles, atvs, and pwc from; can-am®, honda®, kawasaki, polaris®, sea-doo, suzuki, and yamaha.

whether you canyon carve on a suzuki gsx-r, tear up glamis or ocotillo in a polaris® rzr, adventure ride on an africa twin, or just want to hit the open road on yamaha bolt or one of our used harley-davidson® motorcycles - ridenow socal is the destination for every rider in san diego.
+ read more







shop by manufacturerour brands




polaris® 





suzuki 





honda® 





yamaha 






can-am® off-road 





sea-doo 





kawasaki 





can-am® ryker™ 





can-am® spyder® 









kayo® 








							cfmoto









							segway









							yamaha waverunners








new motorcycles, atvs, utvs & scooters for sale in vista, ca
welcome to the ultimate hub for new rides in vista, ca—ridenow socal. we understand the thrill and passion of exploring the open road, off-road trails, or cruising by the ocean. explore our new inventory and find rides from brands like polaris, can-am, sea-doo, yamaha, kawasaki, honda powersports, cfmoto, suzuki, segway, benelli, vanderhall, kawasaki wc, and more. your next powersports awaits here. 
explore the thrill of new rides in socal
imagine the sheer exhilaration of mounting a brand-new yamaha motorcycle, the sun setting on the horizon as you cruise down the scenic roads of vista, and feeling the freedom of the wind in your ears as you rev up your new ride. 
our collection boasts the latest models from top brands like polaris, can-am, sea-doo, yamaha, kawasaki, honda powersports, and more, ensuring that whether you're seeking the adrenaline rush of speeding on the asphalt or the rugged challenge of off-road trails near san marcos and oceanside, ridenow socal has the perfect companion for your adventure. 
plus, if you’re looking for a more budget-friendly choice, discover our pre-owned inventory. the options are endless.
tailored experience just for you
at ridenow socal, we're all about making your dream ride a reality with personalized customer service and custom financing solutions. want to upgrade? check your current ride's value with our easy value your trade process and hop onto something new with ease.
keep your ride in top shape
ensure your new ride stays in pristine condition with our outstanding service center. from maintenance to repairs, our certified technicians can handle it. and for those looking to personalize their ride, our parts department offers a wide range of genuine parts and accessories.
join our riding community
being a rider in vista means joining a community that thrives on excitement and adventure. let ridenow socal fuel your passion for the open road with our unmatched selection of new rides. whether you're hitting the asphalt or exploring off-road, we're here to make every journey unforgettable.
get started on your next adventure today
the road to adventure begins at ridenow socal. stop by our dealership at 1725 hacienda dr. vista, ca, explore our online inventory and contact us today. your brand-new ride awaits.





roadway loan (installment)

					*all credit products are issued by webbank. an origination fee of 4% applies. the dignifi interest waived program applies to all approved customers. interest will be charged to your account from account opening at 9.99%‐36.00% apr. if the full loan amount is paid within the first 90 days, you will receive a refund in the amount of any accrued interest that was charged. a minimum monthly payment is required. additional principal payments will be required to pay off the loan amount before the promotion expires. interest will be waived if you make all of your scheduled payments on time and pay off your loan in full within the first 90 days. the application generally takes a few minutes. all applications are subject to approval pursuant to standard underwriting criteria. the maximum approved amount, terms, and the annual percentage rate (apr) will be based on an evaluation of credit history. webbank funds the repair amount once repairs are completed and documents are executed.
					


expressway credit (revolver card) 

					*all dignifi expressway credit cards are issued by webbank. an annual fee of up to $79 may apply. six-month deferred interest promotional offer is available on all approved purchases of $350 or more using the dignifi expressway credit card. no interest will be charged on the promotional purchase if you pay the promotional purchase amount in full within 6 months. if you do not, interest will be charged on the promotional purchase from the purchase date. a minimum monthly payment is required. the required minimum monthly payments may not pay off the promotional purchase by the end of the promotional period. account must be open and current to be eligible for this offer. regular account terms apply to non-promotional purchases and, after promotion ends, to your promotional purchases. please see any special promotion advertising or other disclosures provided to you for the full terms of any special promotion offered. all applications for credit are based on an evaluation of credit history. the annual percentage rate (apr) ranges from 27.99%–36%. if you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $2.00.
					













contact information


1725 hacienda dr.
vista, ca 92081

phone: 760-433-4333​

hours

service hours

parts hours











quick links

new inventory
pre-owned inventory

value your trade
test ride
fleet vehicles
get an insurance quote

connect




follow ridenow socal on instagram! (opens in new window)





like ridenow socal on facebook! (opens in new window)





check out the ridenow socal youtube channel! (opens in new window)





follow ridenow socal on twitter! (opens in new window)










copyright© 2025 ridenow socal  |
					all rights reserved


unsubscribe |
					policy |
					privacy |
					accessibility |
					terms |
					site map






































































































