

jewelry appraisal | sf bay area independent jewelry appraiser

















   
		

sadly, nancy is no longer with us -
		click here to see her obituary
need an jewelry appraiser? call her long-time associate jane carleton 
		at
		925-393-1962 or visit jane's website at
		
		https://www.jecarletonappraisals.com/























































 


 


 

















 nancy stacy, 
	gia gg, asa
master gemologist appraiser®

    certified insurance appraiser
expert witness
	consultant to jewelry buyers and sellers





gems & jewelry governor

  



























independent professional appraiser of diamonds, gemstones, watches and fine
jewelry


nancy stacy is an 
independent jewelry appraiser specializing in appraisal of modern and antique 
fine jewelry, diamonds, gemstones and watches. she serves the san francisco bay 
area from her office in walnut creek, california.  a professional in the jewelry 
industry since 1980, nancy owned a fine jewelry store for ten years before 
opening her jewelry appraisal practice in 1990.  ms. stacy earned her graduate 
gemologist (gg) diploma from the gemological institute of america (gia) in 
1984.  she earned her master gemologist appraiser® credential from the american 
society of appraisers (asa) in 1987. she now operates contra costa gem lab, 
which is a state-of-the-art certified laboratory of the accredited gemologists 
association. nancy stacy is highly respected in the appraisal profession, having 
attained top-level credentials in three professional appraisal organizations.
credentials:  



senior appraiser and master gemologist appraiser® of the 
		american
    society of appraisers, and international chair of asa’s gems &
    jewelry discipline for 1997-99. three terms as g&j education chair &
    advisor to asa international education committee, 9 years as vice-chair of the asa international board of examiners. 
		gems & jewelry governor of asa 2011 - 2014.


		national association of jewelry appraisers (naja) charter senior member 


accredited senior gemologist of the accredited gemologists association (aga).

certified 
		insurance appraisertm - jewelry 
		insurance appraisal institute


		member (1982) international society of appraisers, president of the 
		northern california chapter, 1991-1992, certified appraiser of personal
    property (isa-capp) 1995-2002

accepted as an expert witness in several courts of law.

appraisal course developer and instructor:


instructor and course co-developer of asa’s  
		gj206 “gems & jewelry
    standards and techniques”, required for master gemologist
    appraiser® certification. course co-developer and instructor of asa’s
    gj205, “gems & jewelry appraisal theory, methods and application”,
    and gj216 “advanced gemological appraisal”, which she has taught four
    times at the invitation of the government of china, in beijing and shanghai.

instructor for asa’s principles of valuation courses pp/gj201
    (introduction to personal property valuation), pp/gj202 (valuation
    methodology: research & analysis of data) and pp/gj203 (report
    writing).

member of jewelers vigilance committee appraisal task force to write guidelines
    for insurance documentation

consultant for the development of 
		gia’s
insurance appraisal course

selected to the 
		uspap
    issues resource panel of the 
		appraisal
    foundation’s appraisal standards board


	 




 









 
