










wangjianshuo's blog | events (in shanghai) that affect my life (and others')	
























skip to primary contentskip to secondary content


wangjianshuo's blog
events (in shanghai) that affect my life (and others')


search




main menu
travel

china

beijing
guilin
xiamen
sanya
luoyang
hong kong
guangzhou
qingdao
chengdu
lijiang
daocheng
nanyang
taihu
hangzhou


singapore
italy
japan
australia
united states

san francisco
new york
seattle
washington d.c.
san jose
chicago
boston




living in shanghai

living cost
holidays

westen holidays
chinese holidays
new year


shanghai photos
real estate
phone and mobile
restaurants
shanghai apartments
banks
universities
internet access


discover shanghai

transportation

by train
metro

line #1
line #2
line #4
line #5
line #6
line #7
line #8
line #9
line #10
future lines


bus
car
flights

pudong airport

to hotels
to other cities


hongqiao airport


taxi
maglev


shopping

bookstores
ikea
starbucks
xiangyang market


hotel

cheap hotels


shanghai weather

spring
summer
autumn
winter


roads

favorite road


near shanghai

dishui lake
yangshan port
chongming island
attractions




blogging

blog tips
backstage

this site
other sites
movabletype
spam
hosting

bluehost
ipowerweb




out of blogging
readers
meetup


happiness

wendy
yifan
friends
goudaner
cats
help and love
my hobbies

map
sports

running
cycling
learn to drive
boat


new tech

wap
wireless
webcam
hi-tech toys


books
movie
art
conference

ylf


projects

smiling library
exhibition
confluence project
planning




me

media coverage

interview


birthday
moving




my life

life

productivity
english
misc
internet
garden
education
public
in china


business

baixing
google
microsoft
msn
jobs
opening


day like this
jet lag


news

zhiyong
sars
polution
super girl
west meets east
government
tibet issues
expo 2010
olympics 2008
culture


about
 





post navigation
← older posts




duducam: multi-angle magic made simple

posted on january 26, 2025  by  jian shuo wang 

reply 


duducam revolutionizes the way you capture life’s moments by transforming multiple smartphones into a synchronized multi-camera studio. with duducam, create professional-quality videos from every angle, automatically edited into stunning compilations.
key features:
seamless synchronization: connect up to 12 smartphones instantly through our peer-to-peer networksmart angle detection: ai-powered positioning system automatically identifies camera angles and optimal shooting positionsauto-edit magic: advanced ai algorithms cut between angles for the perfect shot sequencereal-time preview: see all camera feeds simultaneously while recordingone-tap control: start and stop all connected devices with a single tapintelligent scene detection: automatically switches to the best angle based on action and audio cuespro-grade export: export in up to 4k quality with professional color grading presets
perfect for:
sports events and performanceswedding videographymusic videosdance recitalseducational contentlive event coveragetransform your group of smartphones into a professional multi-camera setup. duducam makes complex video production simple and accessible to everyone, delivering stunning results that look like they were edited by a pro.turn moments into masterpieces with duducam – your pocket-sized production studio.



posted in uncategorized 
 | 
leave a reply




syncam: multi-angle video recording made easy

posted on november 27, 2024  by  jian shuo wang 

reply 


capture every perspective, every time
have you ever wished to relive a moment from every angle, just like in the movies? with syncam, you can! syncam uses multiple iphones to record the same event from different perspectives seamlessly. whether it’s a concert, a sports event, or a precious family gathering, syncam turns your moments into a cinematic experience.





posted in uncategorized 
 | 
leave a reply




test

posted on november 27, 2024  by  jian shuo wang 

reply 


test



posted in uncategorized 
 | 
leave a reply




yesterday once more

posted on november 9, 2024  by  jian shuo wang 

reply 


when i check the status of my hosting, i found the blogs of my old friends on https://home.wangjianshuo.com. they are still there, after almost 20 years! you can take a look at what these beautiful people are 20 years ago:
mvm (currently he keeps blogging at zhengziying.com)
claire
elfe




posted in uncategorized 
 | 
leave a reply




holdspeak: revolutionizing typing with ai

posted on november 8, 2024  by  jian shuo wang 

reply 


yifan recently developed an incredible app called holdspeak, and i’m excited to share it with all of you today.
holdspeak is a game-changer for anyone who spends a lot of time typing on their mac. it’s an ai-powered voice-to-text application that allows you to type three times faster than you normally would. imagine being able to write emails, chat messages, and even code without ever having to touch your keyboard!
effortless and efficient
holdspeak seamlessly integrates into your workflow, allowing you to trigger it with a customizable hotkey in any app.users rave about how natural and effortless it feels to use, eliminating the need to switch languages, add punctuation, or manually separate sentences. it truly allows you to type as fast as you think!
powerful features for every need
holdspeak offers a range of features that make it incredibly versatile:

rich model choices: choose from five different ai models to balance performance and accuracy based on your needs.
custom vocabulary: improve accuracy by adding your own vocabularies, names, and phrases.
compatibility and efficiency: holdspeak works with all mac applications, consuming minimal memory.
privacy and offline functionality: your audio and transcriptions remain on your device, and the app works offline, ensuring privacy.
multilingual support: choose from over 100 languages or let holdspeak auto-detect the language.

affordable and accessible
holdspeak offers a variety of licensing options to suit your needs. you can purchase a single license for one mac device, two licenses for two devices, or three licenses for three devices. all licenses include unlimited transcription, all holdspeak features, and one year of updates. the best part? there are no subscriptions – you pay once and use it forever!
a testament to young innovation
i’m incredibly proud his work for creating such a useful and innovative app. holdspeak has the potential to revolutionize the way we type, making it faster, easier, and more efficient for everyone. i encourage you to check it out and experience the power of ai-driven voice-to-text for yourself!



posted in uncategorized 
 | 
leave a reply




syncam privacy policy

posted on march 26, 2024  by  jian shuo wang 

reply 


effective date: dec 1, 2024
last updated: dec 1, 2024
jianshuo wang (“we,” “our,” or “us”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through this privacy policy. this document explains how syncam (the “app”) collects, uses, discloses, and safeguards your information when you use our services. please read this policy carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your data and how we handle it.

1. information we collect
1.1 information you provide directly

account information: if you create an account, we may collect your name, email address, password, and other registration details.
media files: when you use the app to record videos, syncam collects the footage recorded through the app to process and create final videos.
support requests: information provided when you contact us for support, including email exchanges or chat transcripts.

1.2 automatically collected information

device information: includes device type, operating system, app version, unique device identifiers, and system language.
usage data: information about your use of the app, such as features used, timestamps, session lengths, and interactions with the app interface.
log data: logs automatically collected when you interact with the app, including crash reports, ip addresses, and device performance metrics.

1.3 third-party services
syncam may integrate with third-party services for features such as cloud storage or analytics. these services may collect their own data as per their privacy policies.

2. how we use your information
we use your information for the following purposes:

app functionality: to enable core features like synchronizing devices and processing final video files.
improving performance: to analyze usage patterns and optimize the app’s functionality and user experience.
communication: to respond to customer service inquiries and notify you about updates or changes to our services.
legal compliance: to comply with applicable legal obligations or enforce our terms of service.


3. sharing your information
we do not sell your personal data. however, we may share your data in the following circumstances:

service providers: trusted third-party partners who assist with data processing, cloud storage, or analytics under strict confidentiality agreements.
legal requirements: if required by law, court order, or legal process, we may disclose your data to comply with legal obligations.
business transfers: in the event of a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, your data may be transferred to the acquiring entity.


4. data retention
we retain your personal data for as long as necessary to provide our services, comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. media files recorded through syncam are retained locally on your device unless explicitly uploaded to third-party cloud services.

5. your data rights
depending on your location, you may have the following rights regarding your personal data:

access and correction: you can request access to your data and request corrections if needed.
deletion: you may request deletion of your data. however, some information may need to be retained for legal purposes.
data portability: request a copy of your data in a portable format.
withdraw consent: you can withdraw your consent for data collection at any time where processing is based on consent.

to exercise these rights, contact us at jianshuo@hotmail.com

6. security
we prioritize protecting your data and implement appropriate technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, or alteration. however, no system is entirely secure. please use the app responsibly and report any security concerns to jianshuo@hotmail.com

7. children’s privacy
syncam is not intended for children under 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal data from them. if we become aware of any such data, we will promptly delete it.

8. third-party services
the app may include links or integrations with third-party services, such as cloud storage or social media platforms. we are not responsible for their privacy practices. please review their privacy policies before using these services.

9. changes to this privacy policy
we reserve the right to update this privacy policy as necessary to reflect changes in our practices or legal requirements. the updated version will be available in the app, and the “effective date” at the top will be revised. please review this policy periodically.

10. contact us
if you have any questions, concerns, or feedback regarding this privacy policy, please contact us:
email: jianshuo@hotmail.com

by using syncam, you agree to the terms outlined in this privacy policy.

this document should be reviewed by a legal professional to ensure compliance with regulations like gdpr, ccpa, or other applicable laws depending on your target markets.



posted in uncategorized 
 | 
leave a reply




duducam privacy policy

posted on january 26, 2024  by  jian shuo wang 

reply 


last updated: jan 20, 2025
1. introduction
welcome to duducam. we respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data. this privacy policy explains how we collect, use, and safeguard your information when you use our multi-angle video recording application.
2. information we collect
2.1 information you provide
account information (email address, username, password)profile information (optional profile picture, display name)payment information (processed through secure third-party payment providers)user-generated content (videos, recordings)
2.2 automatically collected information
device information (model, operating system, unique device identifiers)location data (only when permission is granted for device positioning)network information (ip address, connection type)app usage statisticsperformance and error data
3. how we use your information
we use your information to:enable multi-device synchronization and video recordingprovide core app functionalityprocess paymentsimprove our servicessend important updates about the appprovide technical supportdetect and prevent fraud
4. data storage and security
videos are stored locally on your device by defaultcloud storage is optional and requires explicit user consentwe use industry-standard encryption for data transmissionyour data is stored on secure servers with regular backupswe implement appropriate technical and organizational security measures
5. data sharing
we do not sell your personal data. we share data only:between devices you authorize for multi-angle recordingwith third-party service providers who assist in app operationswhen required by lawwith your explicit consent
6. your rights
you have the right to:access your personal datacorrect inaccurate datadelete your datawithdraw consentexport your dataopt-out of marketing communications
7. camera and microphone access
duducam requires camera and microphone access to:record videosenable device synchronizationprocess audio for smart angle switchingthese permissions can be revoked through your device settings
8. children’s privacy
we do not knowingly collect data from children under 13. if you believe we have collected such data, please contact us immediately.
9. changes to this policy
we may update this privacy policy periodically. we will notify you of any material changes through the app or via email.
10. contact us
for any privacy-related questions or concerns, contact us at:email: privacy@duducam.comaddress: [company address]
11. consent
by using duducam, you consent to this privacy policy and our processing of your information as described herein.
12. data retention
we retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide services. you can request data deletion at any time.
13. international data transfers
your data may be transferred to servers located outside your country. we ensure appropriate safeguards are in place for such transfers.
14. third-party links
our app may contain links to third-party services. we are not responsible for their privacy practices.
15. california privacy rights
california residents have additional rights under ccpa. please contact us for more information.—this privacy policy is available in-app and on our website. for any questions about our privacy practices, please contact our data protection officer at dpo@duducam.com



posted in uncategorized 
 | 
leave a reply




burning man is a vacation from ego

posted on september 20, 2023  by  jian shuo wang 

reply 


“is burning man over-rated?”
this question has been lingering in my mind during the first afternoon and the second morning of burning man, when i looked at the dusty desert, the african-like infrastructure, the nomadic tents in disarray, and the people of all colors dressed in strange costumes.
“is burning man over-rated?”
seven days from now, if someone asks me that question again, my answer will be a resounding, “fuck you, you mother fucker!”
the guardians
burning man is the guardian of humanity’s diversity. the most extreme, to the point of being considered evil, ideas are religiously guarded here. ideas and behaviors about nudity, sexuality, bondage, bdsm, drugs, lgbtiq, and many other ideas and behaviors that are not allowed in the mainstream (default world) are preserved and developed here.
of course, it’s not a good idea for these ideas to spread easily to the whole world, and some of them maybe have to be confined to a small environment because most human societies aren’t ready for it yet. e.g. open nudity, sexuality, complete de-commercialization, breaking all the rules and boundaries, for many societies with a low level of productivity, would bring about a humanitarian catastrophe such as a mass starvation, but there has to be someone in the world to experiment and develop these ideas to prepare for the future form of human society.
so, burning man is kind of like a laboratory where humans keep the smallpox virus. these viruses can’t be spread, but they can’t be eliminated either. because once eradicated, biodiversity is harmed. many of the deviant behaviors that the hippie community has been guarding for 30 years, such as lgbt, are now being accepted by more and more of society. perhaps some 
of the other ideas that are guarded now will become mainstream somewhere, sometime in the future.
boundaries
to summarize, my 7-day burning man experience has greatly broadened the boundaries of my own world.
i have absolutely no idea what the impact of this will be on me. it must not be ‘better’ in the traditional sense, just ‘more diverse’.
if you look at it from the default world’s point of view, these practices teach people to be ‘bad’. because it is too avant-garde, too egotistical, too intense. with its acceptance of nudity, its understanding of the lgbt and sm communities, its embrace of a new social form, the burning man experience is by no means guaranteed to turn myself into better people, or at least, worse person before we become better person.
it makes me go from being familiar to being unfamiliar with the world around us, from taking for granted the rules and conclusions of everyday life to being far removed from them. it doesn’t teach me anything new, it just changes the way i look at the world. once this sense of alienation from the world of absence is created, there is no way to get back, just as there is no way to return to “innocent” once it is lost, and there is no way for a language to become unknowable once it is learned. the process is profound and irreversible. one of the most essential questions is: what is good? what is bad? when this criterion is rethought, everything in the default world needs to be rethought all over again. i had no idea where this path would take me until now.
in the movie black swan, nina is a good girl who can perfectly portray the white swan, but she lacks the kind of evil inside her that the black swan needs. eventuallythrough drugs, jealousy, seduction, betrayal, and attack, she ends up forcibly kissing the male art director and biting his lip bloody, exploding the wildness that has never been awakened within a good girl. having become a ‘bad girl’, she is finally able to switch between the roles of black swan and white swan with ease, and becomes a more complete person.
while burning man also gives the power of the white swan, what is so unique about it is that it gives the participants the power of the ‘black swan’, the power to betray, to destroy, to oppose, to let go of oneself. we can summon and use this evil, destructive power, and we ourselves can become that vicious incarnation with the skull on our chest. burning man is a place where the evil power of the ‘black swan’ in my body grows and explodes. this is something i never expected before i traveled to black rock city.
what i experienced in burning man i never thought was the only correct solution to the world. no extreme is the only solution to the world. should we always brake, or should we always hit the gas? is it more correct to steer to the left, or to the right? there is no answer to such questions, because there is no one solution that is always correct. the only correct solution is what to do when you should do it.
however, after expanding the boundaries of whatever we do, or after maximizing each of the two opposites, it gives us more space, and choosing the most appropriate point within that space is our own freedom. the yin and yang in the bagua diagram, black needs to be absolute black, and white needs to be absolute white, with black and white in some kind of balance, is the way the world works. the world is balanced by two forces: and the stronger each of these two forces is, the greater the space of freedom that can be pulled apart in the center. the best sports cars have strong engine and good brakes, and both of these levels are pulled to the extreme to allow for a better ride, whereas a broken car, just doesn’t pick up speed even when you put the gas in, and doesn’t slow down when you slam on the brakes, so the person who drives a broken car has less freedom than the person who drives a good car.
burning man pushed these boundaries. the farther the boundary is pushed, the more inner freedom we get.
humanistic reflections on burning man
burning man is a place where the ego of an individual is systematically removed. this ego is tightly connected to the default world, and we enter with our ego and spend 8 days letting it slowly melt away. on the nv-447 highway from i-80 to brc, i kept complaining, “why cannot they run burning man in beautiful mountains and lakes?” now i know why.
being inside a desert (not strictly a desert, just a lake bed that dries up in the summer), a place that is uninhabitable for humans, sandy, hot, and doesn’t offer any of the services provided by modern civilization creates a feeling similar to that of a village on the surreal planet of tatooine, where the skywalker grew up in star wars. this feeling is much like the external conditions of the outdoors, and gives a sense of relaxation much like the outdoors, causing our everyday thoughts to stop. when thoughts stop, perceptions intensify, slowly shifting from the thinking mode to the being mode.
when entering the gate, the old burner would ask all the new burners to roll on the dusty ground. the dust in black rock city is as fine as prickly heat powder, and once it gets on, it doesn’t go away easily. once you are covered in white dust, a part of your ego will be loosened. while the love of cleanliness is a modern aesthetic, rolling around in the wilderness is something that has been hidden in the human body since ancient times. this ritual awakens ancient preferences and dissolves the mind’s thoughts.
i was one of the very ill-prepared types. i only bought a top and pants from reno, and then rushed into black rock city in shorts. when i arrived, i realized that most of the people there dressed up in costumes that they wouldn’t wear in the default world, and i became an avatar of myself, so i simply wore pants and went topless, and i felt like i was part of the world. after i changed my appearance, another small piece of ego on my body seemed to be loosened.
extremely poor living conditions make people put their attention more on the spiritual level. monasteries, practitioners know the truth in this. the material scarcity, rather than making one feel out of place, seems to have the strange effect of making one feel a greater sense of freedom. no matter what it is like in the default world, the experience here is similar: tents/caravans, toilets that don’t flush, dust in the sky, riding the cheapest bicycles, no cell phone reception or wifi, and this is also a sense of equality. a sense of equality is hard to create in one’s own head, and the details of the default world reinforce this inequality, from the obvious, such as the different classes of airplanes, to the order in which the names are listed, all of which are reminders of the inequality of human beings. being prettier and more successful than everyone else is a lingering pressure at all times, weighing heavily on everyone’s mind. and here, the environment creates a world where this pressure is removed and one returns to the original, pure human condition. one’s own ego continues to fall off.
people we meet on burning man, even groupies who have been together for 8 days, can all just talk and dance together without asking each other what they do in the default world. for new acquaintances, we only want to know the playa name, not the real name. this is obviously not the norm for a society that is likely to last long, and we can only think of this week as a vacation, but one in which we get a peek at the shape of a new kind of society, and the changes within ourselves inside that world. this experience breaks something that will act on our world of absence in the long run.
burning man is a vacation away from ego
burning man is like a masquerade where everyone meets without their identity in the default world. but unlike a masquerade, where you put on a mask to hide your face, burning man is about taking off the mask and revealing your heart.
burning man and maldives are both vacations. on the beach in the maldives, we let go of everything in the real world and just be with ourselves; and in burning man, i not only let go of everything in the world, but i let go of myself.
a vacation away from the ego is a true vacation.
on burning man, we can have a new name, a brand new costume, not talk about the past, and simply live in the present. to drink, to dance, to learn, to experience. what happens when each person you know you’ll only see maybe once in your life? what happens when you know that you don’t need to have any pressure to show yourself off in front of strangers?
if you gave me a choice between the maldives and black rock city, i would choose to return to black rock city without hesitation. this kind of vacation of losing ourselves is something we all need so badly. we’ve been living with a heavy ego on our backs for decades and need to let it go for a while, even if it’s just for a few days.
the retreats within zen buddhism had a similar effect, but it had to be said that they were too boring and one-dimensional. and here is one that perfectly achieves a similar effect of a retreat, and adds too many interesting ingredients, playing and practicing at the same time.
complete melting away of the ego
it’s nice not to have an ego.
someone asked, “have you found yourself these days?” i replied, “no, i just lost myself. “
the ego is always there, no need to look for it. it judges in our ears when we choose which dress to wear in the morning, it nags us when we see our report card, and it’s there every second we’re awake, scrutinizing everything about ourselves with a critical eye.
we really want to let ego go away.
with no ego, there is no embarrassment, no fear, no stress, none of those kinks that you normally have, just expansiveness, wisdom. no mind constantly telling you what you want, what to worry about, what you should do next, just total presence.
for example, there are some questions that are quite representative. you can say “you are beautiful” to someone without pressure, and feel very good about it. i think the look in the eyes at that moment is very similar to the look in the eyes of a child/fool — straight, focused, unblinking, deep, and slow. who’s looking? i don’t know, not myself anyway, maybe it’s just an awareness watching.
why do we often ask for “slowness” in meditation? it is because when sensation is very delicate, the brain cannot process the information too quickly. when the hand touches the surface of another person’s finger, the information of the fingerprint, the temperature of the hand, and a lot of information flows like a big river, but if it is too fast, the information cannot be processed and will be lost. therefore, the degree of speed of physical inspection basically reflects the amount of information obtained by the fingers. in turn, when one’s movements become slower, the amount of information gained becomes greater as a result.
during meditation, various methods were used to train total concentration, such as eating raisins, observing the breath, body scanning, and other methods. as the ego slowly fell away and disappeared, i realized that the will to be aware needed to come first. the motivation to become aware of the world must be there, and it must be complemented by the various methods that follow, not the other way around. when the will to perceive is pure, like a horse that outputs a constant stream of power, all subsequent actions are the carriage behind the horse, carried along by that power, not the other way around. simply slowing down and observing with the whole body is the equivalent of cart before the horse. boredom during meditation is the same as a student with absolutely no interest in physics being pressed into a physics class. interest is that driving force.
the brotherhood of burning man and the silicon valley
burning man and silicon valley don’t have a direct father-son relationship; it’s not that one spawned the other, it’s a brotherhood. they both stem from the same thing, a deep desire to think different, to break boundaries, to disrespect authority, to do it yourself, to change the world.
this time, i have touched the “wild power” which is at the bottom of the spirit of silicon valley. although i have been to silicon valley more than 30 times, my understanding of silicon valley in the past seems to be the understanding of a good student who is not very close to me: i only feel his diligence, his persistence and other good qualities. however, i always felt that this kind of experience was not deep enough or three-dimensional enough, and less persuasive, as if it was an unsuccessfully portrayed stereotypical movie character, knowing what he did but not knowing why he did it, especially why he did it with an intensity that exceeded the intensity of other people.
after i got to burning man, i got to know this good student as if i had stepped into his heart and saw that within him there was anger built up as a child, disapproval of who he was, and that impulsive emotion within him. these inner wild drives have a deeper explanation for why a good student is good at school, to the point of why he does so well academically. the dark and wild drives are the ones that have impact.
the innovation i used to see started with garage startups. what i saw was an unconventional approach in the silicon valley environment, which was more like a tradition or a norm in the specific environment of silicon valley. these practices were more like a tradition or a norm in the specific environment of silicon valley, but in the burning man experience, i saw how each individual, with no resources at all, made the camp’s logo out of the most humble materials, and how they could do things that made my jaw drop in a place where i didn’t seem to have any boundaries, and then i looked back and realized that there is always a boundary inside of me that i don’t even see. i realized that there is always a boundary in my heart that i don’t even see. when we realize the boundaries of our own imagination, we always find possibilities to push on.
it reminds me of myra’s response to roy’s mother, margaret, in waterloo bridge: you are too naïve!
margaret: but, my dear, what can it be that is so terrible? has there been someone else? 
myra: oh lady margaret, you are naïve. 
margaret (shocked): myra! 
myra: yes! yes! yes
margaret: myra! 
myra: yes, that thought which is now in your mind, which you are telling yourself can’t be true. it is true.
at burning man, i often encountered the kind of crushing moments that roy’s mother faced.
this boundary is not only the boundary of the perception of the world, the boundary of the social contract, the boundary of morality, and even the boundary of the law. this is why many silicon valley burners, such as google’s larry page, have been calling for: our society needs to have a safe like the burning man, where we can temporarily ignore the current laws of the experimental place, thus giving more space for innovation, and also giving the human society a chance to innovate.
the spirit of silicon valley, the spirit of the hippies and the spirit of burning man all come from the same spirit. it’s only when you get in touch with burning man that you get in touch with the source of innovation in silicon valley. that’s the root of the silicon valley spirit. i agree very much with elon musk’s judgment that “burning man is silicon valley”. he also said, “you can’t really understand silicon valley without having been to burning man”. it is this kind of savage and rebellious emotion that has been spewing out from every crevice of silicon valley, and then the present form of silicon valley has been presented to us.
it’s not just the same spirit, it’s the same people, i have to say. the same people who made burning man what it is, made silicon valley what it is.
immediacy
a strong community culture does not live in written documents, but rather visible to the naked eye and audible to the ear that are recited over and over again. there are at least seven of the ten basic principles of burning man that i know firsthand. things like radical inclusivity, leave no trace, de-commercialization, and so on.
immediacy is the one of the ten principles of burning man that has influenced me the most. but i’ve never thought of it as a new rule of life, merely as a distant landmark to which i’ve traveled. after leaving the brc, wouldn’t i be a fool if i did everything without a brain just because i experienced the happiness that immediacy life brings? i don’t believe that such a life would be any better. and a special life experience, so that one learns to do more immediate in this dimension of immediacy than ever before, can be in the absence of the world’s need to embrace this concept more easily than other people.
take me for example. because there were no expectations for burning man, or even that natural affinity for this strange world. hippy culture, tents, dust, art, bouncing, music, installations, nudity, homosexuality, psychedelics, and extreme expression were not supposed to be my thing. so after discovering a place near the campground where i could take classes, i dove in head first and took 15 classes in 4 days. there are 70,000 people at burning man, over 1,500 camps, and this is just one of them, and out of the 300 or so classes, i was only able to take 15 (each class was 2-3 hours long), which is a drop in the ocean, but having the peace of mind of experiencing it all in one place without having to be fomo made me feel a great deal of freedom. it’s been said that immediacy is the antidote to fomo. that’s true. without expectations, it’s easier to embrace immediacy instead of worrying about missing out.
another example is the famous and then there’s only love campground. we all got to the gate and then we didn’t go in because we didn’t have our ids with us and various other problems. we said we would come back later. as it turned out, it was pouring rain, i found a companion, and when i came back, i heard that it was permanently closed as of friday. that’s one of the regrets of not embracing immediacy.
while wandering around, i passed by too many camps, and if i tried to find the “best camp” with the same kind of judgment as i did with yelp, i was bound to fail. but if you follow your intuition and walk into any camp and talk to the people there, you will always be pleasantly surprised. sometimes it’s an old man alone, sometimes it’s a group of people around a campfire, sometimes there’s music and everyone’s bouncing around, sometimes it’s a bar and everyone’s having a drink, and every time it’s an amazing experience. there wasn’t a single camp that i regretted staying at. was it because the camps themselves were great, or was it because the mind let go of judgment? i think it’s the latter. if we go into the world of introspection with the intention of finding ‘the best ice cream in the city’, we will never find a best ice cream parlor, and the ‘best ice cream parlor’ will always be in our heads, but not in our lives. in the real world, there are only sweet and icy ice creams, stores with cozy decorations, and stores with enchanting music, but there is no ‘best ice cream store’. this concept exists only in the mind, but not in the real world.
our minds are constantly calculating, finding the optimal solution. this worry weighs on the mind. this is where my old obsession with restaurants and my fear of ordering food came from: the good student mentality made me worry that i hadn’t picked the best one in town, the ones that suited me best, and ended up skimming instead. it’s the same for buying things, for brands. for making decisions, too.
a few days out from burning man, i noticed a change in me. i randomly walked into a store on university ave for keen’s shoes because i saw them looking good in the window and then immediately bought sandals. next door, at fjällräven, i bought myself a new bag and a new hat. these were brands i had never noticed before. i was a bit surprised myself: i’m a person who never buys anything, and the reason i don’t is because i have trouble choosing. i don’t know if this brand is the best, if this bag is for me, and my solution is not to buy it. for decisions, when i’m not sure, i don’t make them.
obviously, everyone’s antidote to their own life is different, and mine doesn’t have to be right for someone else, but immediacy has been a great antidote to improving my own life. my restaurant choices, appointments with people, etc. have all been much more manageable lately. life is better for me, at least, when i know that i must not have the optimal solution and embrace immediacy, embracing immediate behavior as a virtue rather than ultimate global correctness, and embracing the experience of the moment.
this ability, which i perceive to be a little bit like the ability to become stupid in seconds, is that state where the eyes are glazed over, drool is running down the sides of the mouth, and you lose your response to external reactions. it’s the same way with small children, and it’s the same way with high priests in meditation. let go of the control of the mind and then live fully in the present moment. allow the pressure of thinking about the future to pass completely through you and fall to the ground, instead of tangling in your mind and inside your body. when the imaginary words ‘best’, ‘right’, and ‘should’ fade from our lives, we live more clearly in the present.
there is no such thing as “3 cats” in the world. the number 3 does not exist, nor does the concept of a cat, but only this small furry thing by my hand and the warm feeling of being touched inside is real. i have always known these zen views of the world, but i have only experienced them so deeply in the middle of a desert, more than 10,000 kilometers away from home.
radical self expression
this is another of burning man’s ten principles that struck a chord with me.
i have a question that’s been rattling around in my head: what exactly is the relationship between radical self expression and ego death? are they opposites, similar to the poles between the brake and the gas pedal, or are 
they the same pole? the result of my thinking is that they are the same thing, the same pole.
ego is the ability to be in tune with society. under the influence of society, a person chooses to dress in ways that are actually in tune with society. if i were living inside a tribe, i would have colored stripes painted on my face; and if i were on wall street, i would be wearing a tie. self expression is the opposite of that. for example, wearing a tie in a tribe or putting camouflage on your face on wall street is more like radical self expression than social integration. it is an expression that goes beyond social expectations. it’s an expression of sensing what your body needs most and not caring what the outside world thinks. not wearing clothes is an expression, so is dressing up in fancy clothes, but only being in tune with the expectations of the world doesn’t count (how could our expression be in tune with the world at that very moment by coincidence? isn’t this coincidence suspicious?) .
when i got back to palo alto i bought myself a shirt with no sleeves. it’s a style i would never have chosen before, a sleeveless top with both arms completely bare, like a gangster. it’s the closest thing to burning man-style attire i could find inside the stanford bookstore. i especially wanted to use this dress to remind myself, even declare myself, that i can be more uninhibited. keeping some tension between ourselves and the real world at all times, and living comfortably within that tension, is what makes us better.
i was ready to leave my mark on everything i dabbled in. water glasses need to have stickers on them, backpacks need to have little tigers tied to them, and homes need to have more traces of self-expression. radical self-expression is an expression of vitality. these expressions are not done because of societal pressures, they are done simply because here i am. i’ve lived, i’ve seen, and i’m leaving some trace in the world. just as a puppy has to pee around its own territory, a dog without the smell of urine is a dog without vitality; a person without radical self-expression is a person without vitality.
brc as a city
black rock is a city. at first sight, the infrastructure is not as good as in africa: all tents, dirt, no modern civilization, no high buildings, dusty, people walking or cycling. but this is a highly developed civilization, perhaps even far more civilized than palto alto, and it is a wonderful human society: an unparalleled respect for consent, for each individual’s choices (sexuality, expression, preferences), and an adherence to the ten principles that are visible to the naked eye and perceptible to the body. the crowd here is obviously not even close to the same composition as in the us, highly affluent (16% make over $300,000 a year, and i’m guessing the percentage of millionaires is higher than normal), largely white (asians and hispanics are present, but not many, and blacks are disproportionately fewer), and there seems to be a slight majority of males over females. one of the most interesting stats i’ve seen is that democrats are over 50% but republicans are only 4%. there’s something about the residents of this city that is the same that is amplified in this environment, creating a tsunami of obvious culture.
brc is a simplified version of the city. the city has an address without a brand. information is passed on by word of mouth, such as “there’s an avocado breakfast place near 4 e,” “there’s an orgy dorm on 7f,” or “there’s a tent making roasted groundnuts at such-and-such a distant 5 o’clock bearing” 
whether the city offers something is the biggest difference, but it doesn’t matter how well it’s done. it doesn’t matter if combat zone’s pasta is the best or not. in other words, how could it not be the best? their pasta was the best at that moment in time because intuitively, it was really good; rationally, it was the only pasta available there at that point in time. how can the only one not be the best?
returning to the default world, i stopped caring about brands. i rushed inside a shoe store and bought shoes to replace my muddy old ones. even today i still don’t know the brand of the fuzzy shoes i wore on my feet, only that it was the closest shoe store that made my insides the most comfortable when i needed shoes the most.
will life be better this way? it should. when we pick a brand, we’re actually layering a layer of mind over real life. it’s not the feel of a soft shoe on our feet, or its color, or the warmth it gives our feet that we care about, it’s the brand’s place in a rational spectrum of the world. that doesn’t feel good; what the body doesn’t feel is a figment of the mind’s imagination, and it’s no surprise that the fulfillment that comes from that imagination isn’t felt.
a city with people living inside. interesting people are better when they live close together, and all the residents of the brc are on one floor (which technically isn’t that justifiable, tents are half a floor at best) and have no doors, so you can walk right up to someone’s bedside. there are spaces to chat and linger everywhere, and there are countless living rooms for the camps. even the farthest neighbors are within an hour’s walk if you really have to. it’s a distance that marchetti’s constant finds appropriate for the size of the city. it reminds me of shanghai in the 30’s, when lu xun, qu qiubai and many others lived in the neighborhood of duolun road, and when shanghai was still a much more walkable city. inside the city of burning man, friends were nearby and could walk there without making an appointment and visit directly. needless to say, this college dorm room-like living was quite comfortable. for a city, proximity is important, and interesting people living close by is one of the biggest perks of a city.
what is the ultimate freedom?
freedom is very often a compromise between oneself and the world. if we can compromise between what we want to do and what society allows us to do, we often say that we have the freedom to do it. for example, if i want to scream, but i am not allowed to scream in a silent apartment at 12:00 p.m., i do not have the freedom to scream late at night. but if we get to a place where we can yell at any time, we say that we have the “freedom to yell” at that time.
but the deeper level of ‘freedom’ is not ‘compromise between ourselves and the world’, but ‘compromise between ourselves and ourselves’. do we allow ourselves to do any thing? do we allow ourselves to shed tears? do we allow ourselves to howl like a wild animal? give ourselves permission to be naked? give ourselves permission to look obsessively at a beautiful girl?
these permissible freedoms are not an agreement between the world and us, but an agreement between ourselves and ourselves. when one lives within the countless various engagements one has accumulated throughout one’s history, ‘self’ becomes that unforgiving world that traps one inside a heavy prison.
true freedom is the liberation from the ego. in the state of so-called “ego death,” the police station in one’s brain is closed, the church inside is off duty, and the avatars of one’s parents, friends, and society in one’s brain have shut up. they keep on telling us what to do and what not to do. if they are off duty, the real party begins.
the closest we usually come to that state is a moment of slight intoxication, or even drunkenness. but that’s when the police are off duty, the wisdom is off duty, and even the memory is off duty, so often we do stupid things, things we regret when we wake up. if one can remain in a state of self-meltdown and retain one’s intelligence, that is the freest state.
we ourselves are a large mountain covered with thick snow. originally the snow was flat and could be slid anywhere. however, as time passes and we ourselves grow, we slide down the mountain countless times, leaving ruts in the snow so deep that it will be impossible to walk without walking inside the ruts that are already there. there are paths in the snow, but they become paths of limited choice. and true freedom is to choose again, to cover the ruts with snow, to return to a state where the whole mountain is walkable.
braver self
people “know too much reasoning and yet they still don’t live this life well.” this means that our body does not work by reason, it makes decisions according to its own laws. the saying, “you know a lot, but you can’t lift a 50 kilogram barbell” is easy to understand when applied to muscles. you can’t lift a barbell just because you know you’re supposed to, it’s muscle mass that really counts. we always mistakenly think we can’t lift a barbell because we don’t know we’re supposed to.
the fear we feel inside the world of absence comes not from reason, but from what we feel inside. if you don’t believe me, just imagine the cold-to-the-toes fear that going out right now, stripping down and walking down the street brings, and you’ll know how much this inner pressure can be. it’s not that we can’t do it physically, it’s that our mental muscles don’t have the strength to do it.
default world is beautiful and glamorous, but there are some artifacts and falsehoods that we usually find hard to detect. in the testing ground of burning man, filled with radical selfexpression, unbridled rage, and crazy provocations against the rules, all in the center of a dusty, material-poor desert, there’s a surreal feel to the absurd and bizarre artwork. the world is not always good, but it’s incredibly real. when one takes all the things that are not beautiful (physical, emotional, behavioral, expressive, etc.) and puts them out in the sun along with the beautiful things, it actually creates an overall beauty that borders on insanity. it’s hard not to revisit the default world after trying this real beauty, and to become deeply tired of its singularly refined and unlayered beauty.
they say, “your uniqueness is your greatest contribution to the world.” i used to think of such statements in a positive way, but my experience at burning man has taught me that my uniqueness includes not only my intelligence, my success, and my contribution, but also my flaws, my lack of confidence, my dark side, and all the real but negative emotions in me, which are also my contribution to the world. only when you accept the part of yourself that you are trying to hide, and accept it graciously, then you are accepting yourself wholeheartedly, and that is the greatest courage of all.
to do this, reasoning is useless, and reading the above passage will not help in the slightest. the only way to do it is to experience it for yourself. wandering beyond the boundaries, once one has experienced it and realized that it is not as frightening as one imagined, and that the hypothetical world pandemonium did not happen, the fear naturally disappears. if you think that the “white bone view” and “impure view” that buddhism does by way of contemplation is too abstract, come to the burning man and see for yourself what white bones and impurity look like in the real world, and you can indeed save many years of meditation.
after expanding the inner boundary, the “bravery” shown to the world may be “senseless” to the person concerned, that is, to say “who cares! after familiarizing myself with the logic of the life of burning man, i read elon musk’s biography again, and i smile: this is exactly the life with a deep root in burning man.
how to integrate burning man experience into the default world
at the 8g camp, i met a burner with a detective polo mustache named dr. catalyst. i asked him, “why does everyone welcome newcomers with ‘welcome home?'” and he said, “home is where you are accepted.”
this quote seemed to be meant for me and added the best note to my understanding of burning man.
being accepted — this innermost human desire is easier to achieve in a world without titles, resumes, wealth, or even names, or clothes: everyone is simply accepted as a human being in the most basic sense of the word. after all, it is easier to accept a person with a physical body, a smiling face, and basically no difference from oneself than it is to accept a person with countless labels attached to him or her.
while we all feel accepted, loved, and embraced within the default society, the truth is that we never really feel accepted. what does it mean to be truly accepted? how would even our closest family members react if they knew we were going to sell our home and become monks? how would our friends and coworkers react if we walked down the street wearing nothing but a smile on our face? is it because those people cares about us and strangers we met in burning man don’t? but if intimacy resulting in more creates stress and anxiety, isn’t it time to rethink what that intimacy is giving us?
when all the little details that make up one’s self-esteem in his/her resume are gone, the true self that hides under the noise pokes its head out and then hangs out with others who are doing the same thing, and the result is an unstoppable feeling of lightness, joy, and freedom.
the question we need to ask ourselves is: if we can be completely accepted by a stranger, why wouldn’t we be accepted by everyone we meet in the future? if we could have a magic to bring this secret to the default world, then the whole default world would become our playa.
burning man opens up the possibility of a new way of life, and the days that follow will largely require finding a balance between this extreme lifestyle and the default world.
or, let’s look at the world another way: the whole world is one big playa, and some of the artworks are too big to be moved over to the playa, like the skyscrapers, the sycamores on the street, or whatever, and so they’re set up a little further away from the playa. the whole world is a makeshift art installation site. today we got dressed up for a change and headed out from our campsite to explore this art installation the size of the entire world. only i had a new campsite, with an address change from 330g to one at 31n121e. brc is not a new world after all, it’s a (quirky) part of the world we’re in now.
people on playa are really no different from the real world. leaving the brc, reality’s powerful gravitational field keeps everyone acting according to certain agreed-upon norms. if we initiate it, there should be more opportunities to discover the fun, sincere, interesting and vibrant soul that lies beneath everyone’s mask.
hugging is an example. hugging is a lost secret of human society. many people don’t even know it’s an option. but, if you are the one who initiates it, you will find that the world should respond more enthusiastically than you think. i’m amazed at the depth of stranger conversations on playa, but all friends start out as strangers. the biggest beneficiary of having greater curiosity and more enthusiasm for strangers should be yourself. by embracing more and assuming that the other person is like you, the world is more likely to be like playa.
final thoughts
right now i’m in a state of ppd (post-playa depression). it will take longer, maybe months, maybe years, to digest the experience. back in the default world, i deeply understand why many people come back from burning man and choose to remain silent. it is because it is a very personal experience, one that cannot be shared with others, nor can they expect to be understood, and there are even times when they only feel changes themselves, but cannot say what those changes are. it was as if i had been parachuted into a wilderness, shrouded in confusion, deep in contemplation without knowing what i was preparing to contemplate, wanting to talk about it, but not being able to. i took 20,000 words of notes on burning man, and that’s only half of it. i don’t expect anyone who hasn’t been there to understand any part of it at all, because even i’m not sure i’ve understood some of it.
perhaps many years from now, in retrospect, i will realize the impact this experience had on me. and at that time, what kind of self will i have become? i developed a deep sense of uncertainty about my future. and this uncertainty, how should i put it, made me feel something stirring inside me. the place on the direction of these stirring things should be named: greater freedom.



posted in uncategorized 
 | 
leave a reply




sobre mi

posted on january 11, 2021  by  jian shuo wang 

reply 


me llamo javier. tengo 43 años. vivo en shanghai en la calle wulumuqi y la calle anfu.
me gustan perros y gatos. tengo un gato negro y blanco que se llama mira. a mira le gusta pollo mucho, y le gusta dormir. entonces, mira está muy gordo ahoy.



posted in uncategorized 
 | 
leave a reply




shanghai es hermosa hoy

posted on january 4, 2021  by  jian shuo wang 

reply 


esta son dos fotografías de shanghai. dime en un edificio antiguo en la bund.
los edificios no son aquí 40 años antes.
pudong en shanghai
este la bund. los edificios son aquí 100 años antes. shanghai fui muy moderno en 1930s. fui el más grande en la este del mundo. hay un rio que se llama huanpu. rio huangpu es un rio muy bien para transporte. muchas barcos están en el rio.
puxi de shanghai



posted in uncategorized 
 | 
leave a reply




mi primero blog en español

posted on january 3, 2021  by  jian shuo wang 

reply 


hola a todos!
este es mi primero blog en español. tengo un blog en inglés por 18 años, y ahoy es el tiempo por español.
voy a escribir algún en el futuro.
buenas noches!



posted in uncategorized 
 | 
leave a reply




protected: good stuff for my fiends

posted on october 12, 2020  by  jian shuo wang 



this content is password protected. to view it please enter your password below:
password:  




posted in uncategorized 
 | 
enter your password to view comments.




wangjianshuo’s blog app on apple app store

posted on march 5, 2017  by  jian shuo wang 

reply 


during the weekend, as part of my process to learn swift 3, i wrote a small application to show all the blog posts, and comments of wangjianshuo’s blog. here is the link to download the app:
https://itunes.apple.com/cn/app/wangjianshuos-blog/id1210226590?mt=8
all the few thousands post and about 40 thousands comments are quickly available on your iphone. try it out.
 



posted in blogging 
 | 
leave a reply




solute to hackers

posted on march 5, 2017  by  jian shuo wang 

reply 


look at this piece of code at the header of hello dolly plugin by matt – maybe the first plugin of the wordpress system (you can always find this piece of code in any wordpress installation. look for it in the /wp-content/plugins/ folder). think about why the plugin has something to do with music! think about why the description reads that way. what do you sense from a developer’s code?
/**
* @package hello_dolly
* @version 1.6
*/
/*
plugin name: hello dolly
plugin uri: http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/hello-dolly/
description: this is not just a plugin, it symbolizes the hope and enthusiasm of an entire generation summed up in two words sung most famously by louis armstrong: hello, dolly. when activated you will randomly see a lyric from <cite>hello, dolly</cite> in the upper right of your admin screen on every page.
author: matt mullenweg
version: 1.6
author uri: http://ma.tt/
*/
in this particular example, you found again the interesting connection between code and music, code and art, code and books, code and philosophy. interesting developers are particularly active in other fields.
the vision expressed in the note: “this is not just a plugin, it symbolizes …” is exactly how developer seem the world differently than others. it is not just what it is, it is something bigger, and code is just an expression of it.
solute to matt, and other hackers. i know why wordpress succeeded and mt didn’t. it is the lacking of this spirit after ben left.




posted in hi-tech toys 
 | 
leave a reply




tickets system for parents and kids

posted on february 20, 2016  by  jian shuo wang 

reply 



 
this is the application that you and your kids can use to track “tickets”
what is ticket?
a ticket is an agreement between kids and parents.
 



posted in uncategorized 
 | 
leave a reply




隐私政策条款

posted on january 29, 2015  by  jian shuo wang 

reply 


隐私政策条款
最后更新日期：jan 2025
欢迎使用「百姓寻ta」。我们深知个人信息对您的重要性，并始终坚持最小化数据收集原则。本隐私政策条款（”本条款”）详细说明了我们如何收集、使用和保护您的信息。
1. 信息收集
1.1 基础运行信息
我们仅收集应用正常运行所必需的最基本信息：

ip地址
访问时间
设备类型
操作系统版本

1.2 用户提供的信息
所有个人信息均由您自愿提供和管理，存储在您的设备本地：

个人简介
照片
偏好设置

我们的服务器不会存储这些信息。
2. 信息使用
收集的基础信息仅用于：

确保服务正常运行
防范安全风险
提供基础技术支持
遵守法律法规要求

3. 信息保护
3.1 数据安全措施

定期清理服务器日志
采用业界标准的加密传输
严格限制访问权限

3.2 本地数据

所有个人资料均存储在您的设备本地
您可以随时删除或修改这些信息

4. 信息共享
我们不会向任何第三方分享或出售您的信息。仅在以下情况下可能依法提供基础访问日志：

响应法律要求
保护用户或公众安全
防范重大安全风险

5. 您的权利
您对自己的信息拥有完全控制权：

所有个人资料由您在本地管理
可随时清除本地数据
可随时停止使用我们的服务

6. 联系我们
如您对本隐私政策有任何疑问或建议，请通过以下方式联系我们：

电子邮件：privacy@baixingxunta.com
在线反馈：应用内”帮助与反馈”

7. 条款更新
如本政策发生更新，我们将在应用内显著位置通知您。
8. 法律适用
本隐私政策受中华人民共和国法律管辖。
当您使用「百姓寻ta」，即表示您已仔细阅读并同意本隐私政策的所有条款。



posted in uncategorized 
 | 
leave a reply




百姓寻ta

posted on january 29, 2015  by  jian shuo wang 

reply 


在快节奏的时代，为什么我们需要一款”慢”相亲应用？
在这个讲究”快速左滑右划”的时代，dating app 似乎都变成了”选妃”游戏。而我们想问：在寻找人生伴侣这件事上，真的需要这么赶吗？
当相亲回归本质
「百姓寻ta」的诞生，源于一个简单的想法：让相亲回归它最原始的目的 —— 帮助真诚的人找到同样真诚的另一半。
没有花哨的特效，没有复杂的算法，没有令人眼花缭乱的功能。我们只保留了最核心的需求：

真实的个人信息
清晰的择偶标准
基于地域的精准匹配

为什么选择「慢」？
在开发这款应用时，我们发现一个有趣的现象：很多用户在使用传统交友软件时，往往陷入了”选择困难症”。太多的选项反而让人更难做出决定。
而「百姓寻ta」选择放慢节奏：

每天限定查看的用户数量
强调个人信息的完整度
鼓励更深入的交流

我们的用户说

“用了很多相亲软件，最终却在’百姓寻ta’找到了现在的未婚夫。可能是因为这里的人都更认真吧。”—— 小王，28岁，已脱单
“喜欢这里的简单，不用想着怎么包装自己，就做最真实的自己。”—— 小李，32岁，工程师

数据会说话

90% 的用户认为在本平台遇到的人比其他平台更真诚
85% 的匹配用户会进行线下见面
平均每月促成 300+ 对情侣达成恋爱关系

写在最后
在这个万物皆快的时代，我们选择慢下来。因为我们相信，真正的感情需要时间去培养，需要耐心去经营。
「百姓寻ta」，让我们一起慢慢来，遇见对的人。

立即下载体验：[应用商店链接]



posted in uncategorized 
 | 
leave a reply




blog is dead – let’s move on

posted on october 24, 2014  by  jian shuo wang 

reply 


ruanyifeng brought a message to me. he said i was too quiet for too long on the blogshpere. in a typical blogger manner, i response publicly (nothing identify a blogger better than talking publicly on blogs when the mobile phone or other communication channel is easily available).
i have announced that i stopped regular update to blog on my 10th year’s anniversary. i joined many people who have predicted that blog was dying. now should say, i have joine the people who witnessed the death of blogging.
to state something is dying is always over-statement, but it is not far from the truth. there are still many people, and organization blogging, and i am not surprised that the total number of blogging content is still increasing, but that does not mean blogging is not dying. it is already not the best way to do a lot of things. the analogy is that electronic bulb usage is still increasing after almost a century, but making traditional electronic bulbs may not necessarily to be an interesting business.
i will not resume regular update to blogging, since in terms of distribution, and interaction, blogging falls far behind weibo, or wechat. even for self recording, it is not good enough because of lack of mobile and hardware support. i am not a person who enjoy putting labels to myself. although i was one of the first bunch of bloggers in china, and arguably one of the most famous bloggers in english blogsphere, i have removed blogger label.
having said that, ruanyifeng’s comment is still valid that i was too quiet. now it is the time to re-think about the right tool to make some noise. i understand the desperate feeling of a kong-fu master see a gun. but the miracle always comes from the person who quickly learn to use the gun, instead of compete with gun by practicing kong fu hard.
blog is dead. r.i.p., and let’s move on.
 



posted in blogging 
 | 
leave a reply




protected: aspen photos (password required)

posted on september 20, 2014  by  jian shuo wang 



this content is password protected. to view it please enter your password below:
password:  




posted in life, uncategorized 
 | 
enter your password to view comments.




delegation as productivity tools

posted on january 3, 2014  by  jian shuo wang 

1 


this sounds very useful:
delegation can be one of your best productivity tools!
there are many good practices, and we keep learning. what is the best way to remember these quote, and turn that into good habit?
http://www.quora.com/productivity/as-a-startup-ceo-what-is-your-favorite-productivity-hack



posted in productivity 
 | 
1 reply



post navigation
← older posts





weixin 
categories

about (4)

art (17)

attractions (70)

australia (15)

autumn (7)

backstage (63)

baixing (39)

banks (16)

beijing (61)

birthday (12)

blog tips (20)

blogging (61)

bluehost (4)

boat (5)

books (17)

bookstores (5)

boston (3)

bus (7)

business (33)

by train (28)

car (35)

cats (4)

cheap hotels (15)

chengdu (4)

chicago (2)

china (42)

chinese holidays (26)

chongming island (7)

conference (24)

confluence project (3)

culture (41)

cycling (7)

daocheng (28)

day like this (30)

discover shanghai (17)

dishui lake (3)

education (9)

english (13)

exhibition (8)

expo 2010 (31)

favorite road (3)

flights (27)

friends (71)

future lines (6)

garden (10)

google (14)

goudaner (12)

government (60)

guangzhou (3)

guilin (10)

hangzhou (16)

happiness (35)

help and love (11)

hi-tech toys (69)

holidays (23)

hong kong (20)

hongqiao airport (4)

hosting (25)

hotel (12)

ikea (11)

in china (9)

internet (31)

internet access (15)

interview (16)

ipowerweb (12)

italy (6)

japan (6)

jet lag (4)

jobs (7)

learn to drive (7)

life (75)

lijiang (7)

line #1 (7)

line #10 (1)

line #2 (5)

line #4 (6)

line #5 (1)

line #6 (3)

line #7 (2)

line #8 (3)

line #9 (2)

living cost (10)

living in shanghai (46)

luoyang (16)

maglev (24)

map (7)

me (16)

media coverage (35)

meetup (27)

metro (22)

microsoft (10)

misc (13)

movabletype (32)

movie (29)

moving (8)

msn (12)

my hobbies (39)

my life (8)

nanyang (7)

near shanghai (28)

new tech (13)

new year (9)

new york (21)

news (94)

olympics 2008 (25)

opening (5)

other sites (8)

out of blogging (34)

phone and mobile (12)

planning (8)

polution (7)

productivity (40)

projects (8)

public (8)

pudong airport (27)

qingdao (5)

readers (28)

real estate (24)

restaurants (21)

roads (21)

running (3)

san francisco (17)

san jose (70)

sanya (12)

sars (49)

seattle (17)

shanghai apartments (14)

shanghai photos (25)

shanghai weather (8)

shopping (16)

singapore (5)

smiling library (3)

spam (21)

sports (13)

spring (4)

starbucks (11)

summer (14)

super girl (4)

taihu (6)

taxi (19)

this site (9)

tibet issues (15)

to hotels (3)

to other cities (10)

transportation (14)

travel (32)

uncategorized (104)

united states (36)

universities (19)

wap (4)

washington d.c. (2)

webcam (5)

wendy (31)

west meets east (41)

westen holidays (13)

winter (17)

wireless (6)

xiamen (9)

xiangyang market (8)

yangshan port (5)

yifan (76)

ylf (38)

zhiyong (5)


archives

january 2025
november 2024
march 2024
january 2024
september 2023
january 2021
october 2020
march 2017
february 2016
january 2015
october 2014
september 2014
january 2014
july 2013
june 2013
may 2013
january 2013
december 2012
november 2012
october 2012
september 2012
august 2012
july 2012
june 2012
may 2012
april 2012
march 2012
february 2012
january 2012
december 2011
november 2011
october 2011
august 2011
july 2011
june 2011
may 2011
april 2011
march 2011
february 2011
january 2011
december 2010
november 2010
october 2010
september 2010
august 2010
july 2010
june 2010
may 2010
april 2010
march 2010
february 2010
january 2010
december 2009
november 2009
october 2009
september 2009
august 2009
july 2009
june 2009
may 2009
april 2009
march 2009
february 2009
january 2009
december 2008
november 2008
october 2008
september 2008
august 2008
july 2008
june 2008
may 2008
april 2008
march 2008
february 2008
january 2008
december 2007
november 2007
october 2007
september 2007
august 2007
july 2007
june 2007
may 2007
april 2007
march 2007
february 2007
january 2007
december 2006
november 2006
october 2006
september 2006
august 2006
july 2006
june 2006
may 2006
april 2006
march 2006
february 2006
january 2006
december 2005
november 2005
october 2005
september 2005
august 2005
july 2005
june 2005
may 2005
april 2005
march 2005
february 2005
january 2005
december 2004
november 2004
october 2004
september 2004
august 2004
july 2004
june 2004
may 2004
april 2004
march 2004
february 2004
january 2004
december 2003
november 2003
october 2003
september 2003
august 2003
july 2003
june 2003
may 2003
april 2003
march 2003
february 2003
january 2003
december 2002
november 2002
october 2002
september 2002

recent commentshaha on i won’t drive to hangzhou againmobilezmarket on how many mobiles do you have?carroll mcneill on anyone still read blog?王博涵 on microsoft in chinaren du on try to be a good ceorecent commentshaha on i won’t drive to hangzhou againmobilezmarket on how many mobiles do you have?carroll mcneill on anyone still read blog?王博涵 on microsoft in chinaren du on try to be a good ceo 
 





holdspeak
 



					proudly powered by wordpress				





