













school of medicine | university of pittsburgh

















































skip to main content
















school of medicine 












use this for to search the site.




search





 search this site

















toggle navigation











aboutmessage from the dean
leadership
a century of medical excellence
accreditation
publications
administration offices
upmc hospitals and facilities
international partnerships

admissions
education
research
departmentscenters and institutes

news





  





 





 




congratulations, class of 2027




read more



 

 




new pitt center will use ai to accelerate women’s health research globally




read more



 

 




state of the school address


anantha shekhar announces school of medicine’s successes and goals in state of the school address, highlighting commercialization efforts


more



 

 




$18.5m gift from bethel family foundation to launch biobank


together with $27m in past support from bethel, this new gift will place pitt at the forefront of musculoskeletal research globally.


read more



 

 




vice dean announcement


abbas hyderi, md, mph, will be vice dean for education and professor of family medicine, school of medicine, as of nov. 1. he will have responsibility for all aspects of medical education at the school of medicine, including the medical curriculum, student affairs, scholarships, need-based financial assistance and other related areas.


read more



 

 




new covid vaccines available at the hub


the new 2024-25 covid-19 vaccines will be available at pitt’s vaccination and health connection hub starting monday afternoon, sept. 16, 2024.


more



 






 



 



 



 
leadership 
 our school’s leadership team—helmed by anantha shekhar—is committed to supporting a learning environment that positions tomorrow’s physicians to lead lives of impact.
 

 
admissions 
 we look for applicants who are leaders and who balance academic achievement with an abiding sense of personal discovery and a deep commitment to serving others.
 

 
education 
 we are proud of our long tradition of research excellence and training by world-class faculty members committed to mentoring the next generation of medical professionals.
 

 
research 
 tomorrow's breakthroughs depend directly on today's advances in basic research. we stand among the nation's leading centers of basic and applied biomedical research.
 

 
students 
 at the university of pittsburgh school of medicine, we teach and train doctors to handle the realities of a new era in medicine. 
 









information for:
 





 
students







 
residents & fellows







 
postdoctoral scholars & associates







 
faculty







 
alumni & friends







 
patient care







 
media relations







 
hs library







 
diversity & inclusion







 
clinical trials

















by the numbers




    no. 13  

    among best medical schools: research  



    no. 11  

    among best medical schools: primary care  



    2,784  

    full-time faculty members  



    1,208  

    full- and part-time students  


    sources: us news and world report rankings, 2023; university factbook, fall 2023  











home




 






  news


view all news 


  faculty dive into ai and celebrate education awards at 30th curriculum colloquium   

 three pitt school of medicine faculty members are asci awardees    

 pitt researchers find a genetic link between congenital heart disease and cognitive disorders    


view all news 
 
  events
view all events  


















school of medicine 












university of pittsburgh
s530 alan magee scaife hall
3550 terrace street
pittsburgh, pa 15261
upsom@medschool.pitt.edu
 










resources

apply
contact us
pitt home
suggestion box
health sciences portal
upmc
health sciences library
find people
medical alumni association
pitt+me
giving










   

   

   

   







revised 02/14/25copyright 2025




 





