  






get them ready for school with our quality school uniform, essentials and accessories | shop at your local monkhouse store | trusted school uniform supplier









        the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.  for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.  

help & faqs


contact

 submit  skip to content  toggle nav  search toggle       sign in create account my cart    £0.00       search search  advanced search search submit   menu   find your school   plain school uniform    view all          boys    all   shop all   shirts   trousers   shorts   socks    girls    all   shop all   blouses   skirts   trousers   pinafores & summer dresses   socks & tights    eco plain school uniform    all   eco plain school uniforms      accessories    view all         shop all   bags    stationery   socks & tights   sports equipment & accessories   name labels   hair accessories   water bottles   craftwear   character shop     clearance   scouts and guides    view all         scouts   cubs   beavers   guides   brownies   rainbows   shop all     for schools   for parents    view all         store opening hours     loading...   find your school   plain school uniform    view all          boys    all   shop all    shirts   trousers   shorts   socks    girls    all   shop all   blouses   skirts   trousers   pinafores & summer dresses   socks & tights    eco plain school uniform    all   eco plain school uniform      accessories     view all         shop all   bags   stationery   socks & tights   sports equipment & accessories   name labels   hair accessories   water bottles   craftwear   character shop     clearance   scouts and guides    view all         scouts   cubs   beavers   guides   brownies   rainbows   shop all     for schools   for parents    view all         store opening hours    coming soon...my account returns contact us delivery information help & supportwe securely accept: account 

free delivery over 
£85















sign up to stay in the loop


free returns
 big summer savings! up to 30% off accessories - no code requiredbig summer sale! up to 30% off accessoriesplease note: all our stores will be closed from 11am on 9th october and will operate at normal hours again from 12am.due to our annual stock count, orders are taking longer than usual to despatch. we anticipate a 10-14 working day lead-time. thank you in advance for your patience. if your order is more urgent, please check your local store, locations and opening times can be found here.
due to our annual stock count, deliveries are taking longer than usual. we anticipate a 10-14 day lead time. if your order is urgent, you can shop in-store, locations and opening times here.due to our annual stock count, orders are taking longer than usual to despatch. we anticipate a 10-14 working day lead-time. thank you in advance for your patience.                            we are currently experiencing issues with our click and collect service. we recommend choosing an alternative delivery method to avoid any inconvenience.
*note, you may still see the click & collect option in the checkout, we kindly ask that you disregard this until the issue is resolved. thank you for your understanding. 1:1 in-store appointments are now open, visit your school page to book or find out more here > 
 *excludes online only schools. *appointments are not compulsory.
welcome to  monkhousesearch below to find your school and start shopping. submitback to school ready! 
we recommend ordering before the 19th of august to receive your uniform before the start of the new school year.






shop uniform pieces at our lowest prices. versatile range of room to grow trousers, dresses and our twin-pack blouses and shirts.
shop plain school uniform






discover our selection of accessories that elevate uniform. explore bags, socks, lunchboxes, stationery, sports gear, and more!
shop all accessories







shop uniform pieces at our lowest prices. versatile range of room to grow trousers, dresses and our twin-pack blouses and shirts.
shop plain school uniform






discover our selection of accessories that elevate uniform. explore bags, socks, lunchboxes, stationery, sports gear, and more!
shop all accessories






whether they choose rainbows, brownies, guides or cubs – we’ve got all the essential club pieces ready and waiting for you to explore.
shop clubs


    




helping you shop with confidence






free delivery on orders over £85 >







free returns >







helpful online sizing tools >







taking steps to become greener >




shop plain school uniform































find out morefind out morefind out moreshop their favourite brands




































we’re here to help you! 
monkhouse supports schools across the uk in providing high-quality, affordable school uniforms. selling sportswear, accessories, and essential school uniforms, both in-store and online – we’re here to support you.  shopping for a new uniform shouldn’t be stressful, that’s why we make the process hassle-free.  find out more  front
    stay connectedreceive exclusive discounts and promotions with uniform updates sent straight to your inbox.contact detailsemailweb@monkhouse.com
telephone number0161 476 7216
customer service working days/hoursmon - fri / 8:30am - 5.00pm sat - sun / closed our external sitesuniversity stores
club stores
wholesale
teamwearaccount helplogin to your account
create an account
forgotten password
help and faqsshopping helpstore opening hours
click & collect 
delivery
returns
school uniform finder
size guides
help and faqs
for schoolsadditional infoterms and conditions
privacy and cookie policy
suppliers policies and accreditations
ethical trading
modern slavery statement
enzo - sustainability
careerswe securely accept:monkhouse 2021©  part of f.r.monkhouse ltd 




















































