



mearsheimer | home
























































						r. wendell harrison distinguished professor of political science
					


						the university of chicago
					



publications
appearances
teaching
biography
photos
substack
 























							mearchiavelli
marwane pallas, the philomathean society




john j. mearsheimer
i am the r. wendell harrison distinguished service professor in the political science department at the university of chicago, where i have taught since 1982.
above all else, i am an international relations theorist. more specifically, i am a realist, which means that i believe that the great powers dominate the international system, and they constantly engage in security competition with each other, which sometimes leads to war.
although i have dedicated my life to scholarship, i have also engaged in the policy debates of the day. for example, i was one of the most outspoken opponents of the 2003 iraq war before it happened, and i have been deeply involved in the public discourse about the conflicts in gaza and ukraine. i firmly believe that social science theories are invaluable for making and analyzing foreign policy.


							what do al capone, michael jordan, milton friedman, and john mearsheimer all have in common?
						

click for the answer
they were all born in brooklyn and made their reputation in chicago.
						








featured work
















      november 17, 2023    

      israel-palestine, russia-ukraine, china, nato, and ww3    

      lex friedman podcast    

mearsheimer talks about israel-palestine, russia-ukraine, china, nato, and ww3 on the lex fridman podcast.












recent work







      september 5, 2023. yale university press    

      how states think: the rationality of foreign policy    

      john j. mearsheimer and sebastian rosato    

mearsheimer talks about israel-palestine, russia-ukraine, china, nato, and ww3 on the lex fridman podcast.


















 







substack

				subscribe to john's substack for the latest writing, appearances, and news.
			
		
				subscribe
			




				© copyright 2025			



				bookings
			

				please contact raleigh addington at chartwell speakers for bookings 
			

				raleigh@chartwellspeakers.com
			










