



	mesa - multi-ethnic study of atherosclerosis












home




participant 
				website


about mesa


lv mass calculator



cac tools



publications




ancillary studies






mesa search




internal site





skip to main content

mesa website



the multi-ethnic study of 
							atherosclerosis (mesa) is a medical research study involving more than 6,000 
							men and women from six communities in the united states. mesa is sponsored by 
							the national heart lung and blood institute
							of the national institutes of health. participants in mesa are seen at clinics 
							in the following universities:
							

								   columbia university, new york

								   johns hopkins university, baltimore

								   northwestern university, chicago


								   ucla, los angeles

								   university of minnesota, twin cities

									wake forest university, winston salem
								






announcements

new mesa website now available
we are pleased to announce that the newly-redesigned mesa website has launched! 
                            
						   please visit internal.mesa-nhlbi.org
						   for exam 7 materials, committee updates, and more.
                        



oelsner mesa covid-19 materials now available


                    as of april 13, 2020, mesa has initiated telephone interviews regarding the covid-19 infection 
                        status of mesa participants. interested researchers can download copies of the 
                        oelsner mesa covid-19 questionnaire, annotated questionnaire, and manual of operations 
                        on the ancillary studies page here. 
                        
                        please contact mesa coordinating center project director, craig johnson (wcraigj@uw.edu) should you have questions. 

                    




new opportunities for collaborative research in mesa


                                            mesa investigators are encouraging collaboration with interested outside investigators 
                            to assemble a portfolio of investigator-initiated grant applications for innovative research 
                            that involve new data collection from mesa participants. consultation with mesa is necessary to ensure the proposed research is appropriate for 
                            the study population, ascertain existing data availability, and determine resource needs. 
                            mesa has policies, procedures, and timelines for reviewing and approving ancillary study 
                            proposals before a grant application may be submitted for funding. 
                            please contact 
                            craig johnson (wcraigj@uw.edu) 
                            if you are interested in developing an application.
                        


are you interested in analyzing mesa data?

                        mesa has hundreds of investigators, many active scientific working groups (on 
						renal disease, eye disease, and other topics), and dozens of ongoing analytic 
						projects. to help you navigate the data and topics and find fruitful 
						collaborations, we encourage you to contact the coordinating center or a mesa 
						investigator.
						

						to get started, click here!






mesa milestone reached: first 2,400 published papers!


as of january 2025, there are over 2,400 mesa papers published or in press.

                         for a list of published mesa papers go to the external mesa web site at:
                         https://www.mesa-nhlbi.org/publications.aspx

                         
                         many thanks to all of the mesa investigators and authors for their contributions to mesa!
                    




mesa coordinating center


contact | 
    privacy | 
    terms





