









followaloha tours
































































































home
about
services
activities
destinations
contact

























 





 

 

 

amazing hawaii trip 


 



 











aloha! follow aloha is a full service destination management company based in hawaii. ‘aloha’  represents the hawaiian philosophy of life focused on human relations. our wish is to help you discover one of the most spectacular islands in the world, its incredible variety of landscapes, its natural resources, rich wildlife and abundant tourist attractions. 
we focus on business travel (incentives, seminars, conferences, motivational trips) and create tailor made itineraries combining top standard tourism services, exotic locations and social awareness.


about

we focus on business travel (incentives, seminars, conferences, motivational trips) and create tailor made itineraries combining top standard tourism services, exotic locations and social awareness.
in a competitive industry with overwhelming choice, it is important to stand out from the crowd. we prefer to lead the pack by offering the most exclusive experiences to make your clients' holiday in hawaii unforgettable. we are a highly-specialized bespoke ground handler with consultants who are passionate about making each holiday personalized to perfection. 

we love to travel, but we hate crowds. our office is not based in honolulu, but outside of the city buzz. we are a small, boutique company with personal connections to the owners of the properties we feature, and our modest size allows us to maintain the same point of contact with agents each time they call.
we pride ourselves in being agent-friendly, offering thorough advice, and doing all we can to meet the needs of our clients. we offer a full range of tailor-made services to make each hawaiian adventure satisfyingly unique.


follow aloha will personalize and tailor an incentive trip to match your strategic objectives, financial needs and human resources requirements. being experts on the local terrain, we will inform, advise and assist you on the itinerary elements and create a program in line with your vision. 
our strength lies within our multi-national team who understands various market traits and trends as well as cultural preferences. our main focus is and has always been on customized travel. 
dominik wysockimanaging partnerborn and raised in warsaw, poland,  dominik realized his passion for sport and travel industry early in his life. after studying tourism and recreation and graduating from academy of physical education, he started his career as a ski instructor and tour leader. later on he founded his own incentive travel company. after years of traveling with incentive groups all over the world, preparing hundreds of programs for european clients, he moved to hawaii to continue living with passion and deliver best  destination management services to his clients. dominik is the managing partner of follow aloha llc, which he does with gusto in order to  meet the highest  service standards.


services

from concept to reality, our services & events are designed to meet the creative, motivational and budgetary needs of the professional meeting planner or executive. we work with you from concept and design through successful program execution.

we offer a full service solution including transportation logistics, accommodation, restaurants, adventure activities, close contact with local communities, meeting venues, themed evenings, entertainment, guides and encounters with wildlife. 
we approach each project with creative energy, ensuring a unique event. in addition to our organizational expertise, we work with a pool of carefully selected suppliers who are reliable, flexible and pay attention to detail.
the more you tell us about your client’s expectations for a trip, but also about their general way of life, their preferred mode of travel, their interests, their passion and their previous experiences…the better we are able to determine the perfect itinerary and target appropriate accommodation and services.

our services include:airport transfers
vip arrangements
shuttle services
group & special event transfers
restaurant and venue buy-outs
dine-arounds
venue selection
entertainment



activities

follow aloha dmc is not just an office or a website. follow aloha  is composed of a group of people whose passion and job it is to ensure that you have the best hawaiian experience anyone can offer you. our enthusiasm and thorough knowledge of the hawaiian islands also means we know the right people on the ground to make your holiday that much more special.

as industry insiders, we can provide our vast network of connections to travel agents who then   offer unique experiences to their clients at the best rates. we'll arm you with key selling points and anecdotes that will help you close the sale.
activities:helicopter tours
surfing lessons
sailing
sport-fishing
shark cage diving
jeep tours
kayaking
whale watching
dolphins
mountain hikes
golf 
zipline tours
bicycle tours
horseback riding 




destinationswe cover the hawaiian islands, meaning main islands of the hawaiian archipelago; kauai, oahu, maui and hawaii (big island)





























oahu

the most visited of the hawaiian islands. world-famous waikiki offers exciting beach scene with sparkling white sands, tropical sunsets, upscale hotels, fine dining and busy nightlife. snorkel with  green sea turtles at hanauma bay, or discover rugged north shore where  best surfers conquer giant waves. oahu is energetic and captivating, expertly combining the flavor of ancient hawaii with modern decadence. 


maui

dream destination for nature lovers. driving the scenic road to hana rewarded by out-of-this world views of lush rainforests, gorgeous waterfalls and exotic beaches will be among the most spectacular journeys of your life. maui is famous for its pristine beaches, migrating humpback whales and magnificent sunrises from haleakala volcano.


big island

twelve different climate zones exist here, ranging from tropical rainforests and mauna kea’s frozen tundra to the desert landscape of the south. home to kilauea, the world’s most active erupting volcano in the world. book a helicopter tour to experience cascading waterfalls, cliffs and lava flows, snorkel with dolphins at kealekekua bay, or go for a night dive with manta rays.


kauai

discover lush, green beauty of vast tropical forests, jaw-dropping mountains, emerald valleys and majestic waterfalls. admire na pali coast with breathtaking beaches and dramatic cliffs by helicopter or from a yacht. explore the multicolor vistas or waimea canyon, or simply relax and swim in turquoise waters of hanalei bay.


contact
please use the contact form below for general information or questions.
planning an event? we invite you to fill out our form.











 your name (required)
 
 your email (required)
 
 subject
 
 your message
 






















						© 2018 follow aloha llc. all rights reserved. 					































