







lifebio







































                        call 937-303-4576 or 1-866-lifebio







 log in                                    

lifebio.com account
create account-licensed organizations



 shop


free trial























                                                        our solutions
                                                    



                                                                    lifebio
                                                                



                                                                    myhello
                                                                





                                                        health care & senior living
                                                    



                                                                    health care & senior living overview
                                                                



                                                                    long term care/skilled nursing
                                                                



                                                                    assisted living and memory care
                                                                



                                                                    ccrc / life plan communities
                                                                



                                                                    independent living
                                                                



                                                                    hospice
                                                                



                                                                    hospitals
                                                                



                                                                    home care/home health
                                                                



                                                                    health insurers
                                                                



                                                                    community groups & senior centers
                                                                



                                                                    memorybio
                                                                





                                                        government & education
                                                    



                                                                    community & government overview
                                                                



                                                                    government programs & grants
                                                                



                                                                    community organizations
                                                                



                                                                    schools & universities overview
                                                                



                                                                    middle schools & high schools
                                                                



                                                                    colleges & universities
                                                                





                                                        individuals & families
                                                    



                                                                    individuals & families
                                                                



                                                                    gift ideas
                                                                
























our news


blog



                                                    research
                                                

research and healthcare transformation
costly aging issues
methods for success
life story techniques




                                                    our story
                                                

about us
mission and vision statements
lifebio white paper
myhello white paper



contact us


request info





















because story belongs in care
knowing the individual leads to excellence in person-centered care and memory care. lifebio’s reminiscence therapy methods are evidence based and widely used in health care and senior living.
lifebio













life story innovation with lifebio memory
this groundbreaking, hipaa-compliant life story app records experiences, care preferences, and gives each person a voice in his or her own care. request info for your health care or senior living organization today!
lifebio memory













myhello phone visits
a powerful service that promotes feelings of connection. reach medicare and medicaid members or others most in need of a friendly "hello!" myhello offers proven social engagement methods using reminiscence.
myhello













your story is your legacy
capture life stories without difficulty or delay. share your own story or help a loved one now by asking the right questions. sign up today!
individuals & families













lifebio was founded on the idea that everyone has a story to tell, and every story matters. the lifebio memory app provides more than 200 intriguing, proven question prompts and records a person's voice. lifebio licenses software to senior living and healthcare organizations, and we work with consumers who can download the app and begin! 

as a licensed lifebio member, all voice recordings and uploaded photos are safely stored in lifebio’s hipaa-compliant storage cloud. lifebio even will "talk" and ask the questions! lifebio uses ai to process the story and our story team edits it. we provide options for printed life story books, snapshots, and action plans used at home and in a variety of care settings. know the people you love and care for with lifebio. the person's voice recordings create a priceless legacy too. 









lifebio has also introduced myhello, a social support solution. lifebio and myhello are both evidence-based solutions, and we are happy to share the research behind our work.









how lifebio began
lifebio founder, beth sanders, recalls interviewing her grandmother. beth realized that she never knew her grandma as a whole person before that. lifebio was developed as as simple way for people to capture life stories and get to know their loved ones on a deeper level.



 











latest news





3 memory care programming tips
responding to the growing interest and need to enhance or add memory care programs to your offerings, here are three… 


saving stories and legacies 
now it is easy to record your own or a loved one's voice to create a legacy.  … 


lifebio memory group classes 
when people come together in a lifebio memory group class (which can be offered in person or even via zoom),… 











would you like to learn more? 
for more information or to request a demo of lifebio's services, please fill out the form and we will reach out to you shortly.
request more info


















844 delaware ave.marysville, oh 43040
phone: 937-303-4576
phone: 1-866-lifebio
email: info@lifebio.com
hr: hr@lifebio.com

























shopping & member info

shop here
sign up for lifebio.com
login to lifebio.com account
partners



















copyright © 2025 lifebio, all rights reserved.





terms & conditions


privacy statement


legal notice































 

