



bon-mar

















signup
login
   all categories    fabricfabric    solid spandex    active + wickable fabrics    print    lining    foil    mystique    sequin    mesh    sheers     lace    velvet    denim    tulle and netting    swimwear    nylon dernier + organdy    zsa-zsa    powernet    heather    dots    stripes    printing/sublimation fabrics    animal    jersey lomellina    maxdri    carvico spandex    sample kit    pleather    econyl    summer 2020    recycled    spring 2022rhinestone and more    hot fix    jewel    zippers    tiara    rhinestone band    rhinestone card    non hot fix    czech    rhinestone prongs    earring    mylar paper    nailheads    buckles    glue    buttons    clipshats and novelties    beach comber    derby    fedora    top hat    bridal hat    cowboy    conquistador    firefighter    golf    majorette    police / chauffer    prairie bonnet    propeller    pirate    spanish hat    sombrero    hat sizer    sailor    tricorn    teardrop    witch    wizard    yacht    pillbox    alpine    safari    mini hats    jewel hatsequinsaccessories    beads    hula skirt    coins    applique    pearls    mask    wig    metal buckle    plastic buckle    buttons    chain belt    zipper pull    broach    metal clips    toggles        sample kit        pinball adhesive papersamples    sample kit    sample cardfringe and trim    fringe    lurex fringe    sequins fringe    fringe with sequinsessentials    clips and clasps    miscellaneous    elastic    thread    hooksspecials    clearance    liquidation    free gift promo     

home   |   about us   |   fabric use & care   |   fabric shows   |   order info   |   contact us   |   français

 



for over 40 years, bon-mar textiles inc has catered to the costuming and safety industries. our vast selection, superior quality, excellent pricing and exceptional customer service, has made us a one-stop shop for all your garment designing needs.





tweet



follow us on facebook and twitter.



browse our catalogue

fabric
rhinestone and more
hats and novelties
sequins
accessories
samples
fringe and trim
essentials
specials







our costuming division features an extensive line of spandex fabrics, ranging from solids, metallics, sequins spandex, holographics, prints and more.  we are also the only company in canada licensed to distribute genuine mystique™ foil spandex.
we carry a wide line of stretch and non-stretch sheers, mesh, lace, sequin fabrics and more.
our vast selection of trims makes decorating any costume a breeze!  we offer swarovski™ hot-fix rhinestones, as well as the bejeweller-pro™ crystal applicator, rhinestone buckles, sequins trims, fringe, feather boas and marabou, all types of hats and hat forms, wigs, gloves and masks.
our popular thermoformable fosshape™ fabric is great for designing unique masks and props.
no costume would be complete without the basics, so we carry a wide selection of lining, elastics, bra components, clips, hooks, hoopwire and more.
over the years, bon-mar safety, or bmt, has become known as a leading innovator in the world of safety uniforms and protective head gear.  as one of canada's largest distributors of q brand™ reflective tapes and performance™ safety fabrics, we offer outstanding expertise and competitive pricing.
we are always searching for ways to make the work place safer and were the first in canada to introduce bump caps onto the market, as well as our id program, which helps to visually identify different first responder departments.
our canucme™ clothing line evolved from our fashion and safety background.  our stylish 100% cotton t-shirts, hoodies and shorts, featuring our original q brand™ reflective designs, were created to make you look great and keep you safe!
at bon-mar textiles inc, we are always looking for new and exciting products to add to our line, so check our website often for amazing specials and new innovations.







