


wilshire center - los angeles









































































 




wilshire center is located three miles west of downtown la, ten minutes south of hollywood  and just five minutes east 
                                of miracle mile. it’s a great place to live, work and shop, with connections to the metro purple line & red line subways, the metro rapid bus and local shuttles. view maps 

wilshire center (sometimes referred to as mid-wilshire, the wilshire district, koreatown and k-town) is a true urban community. the people who live and work here are dedicated to creating a safe community with pleasant pedestrian environments, strong retail & cultural amenities, job opportunities, good neighborhood schools, clean & modern transportation systems and preserving our many architecturally and historically significant landmarks. learn more




























local news 




 
 



wilshire center team's updates
last quarter, the sidewalk maintenance team collected 2,825 bags of trash (64,975 lbs.), dispensed approximately 4,000 doggie bags, picked up 44 bulk items, and removed 227 graffiti tags on sidewalk pots, poles, and news racks.  the crew is out every monday and thursday sweeping the sidewalks, picking up trash, clearing gutters and painting out graffiti from street poles, news racks, and flower planters.  the team empties 59 trashcans... read article 


 
 



what does the wilshire center bid do?
ever wonder what the wilshire center business improvement district (wcbid) does? this video highlights some of the work that the wilshire center business improvement district does on a daily basis. the services outlined in the video are provided from wilton place to hoover street, from 8th street to 3rd street in the city of los angeles, ca. watch the video 


 
 



community beautification day 
two teams of 200 people armed with brooms, trash bags, and graffiti removal supplies left from shatto park with one mission; beautify our community. one team headed west down 3rd st. towards normandie ave. and the other headed south down vermont ave. the two teams removed weeds, planted trees, donated food to the homeless, picked up all items of trash and eliminated all graffiti in sight. watch the video  


 
 



tree trimming and pressure washing 
close to 100 overgrown ficus trees have been trimmed throughout the district by one of our contractors. over 30 of them were on irolo and 8th street and more then 60 of them were between 3rd and 7th from wilton to hoover. the intersections of 8th and irolo and 8th and vermont have been steamed cleaned. see (the tree trimming) before and after photos 


 
 














 






www.flickr.com




















 















 












live





 


apartment/ real estate directory
            transportation
family support services 
wc/k neighborhood council
the wiltern
rfk community schools////
wilshire enhancement group




work





 


office space directory
transportation
            wilshire center bid
lapd - olympic division  
demographics
developments




shop





 


restaurants
grocers
            entertainment/nightlife
hotels
angel's walk 
farmers market 
maps




connect





 


find us on facebook
follow us on twitter
 meetings & events calendar 
                about the wcbid 
contacts
la bid consortium 
site map






 




disclaimer: the wcbic is neither responsible nor liable for any viruses or other contamination of your system nor for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions arising out of your use of the site or with respect to the  material contained on the site, including without limitation, any material posted on the site. this site and all materials contained on it are distributed and transmitted "as is" without warranties of any kind, either express or  implied, including without limitation, warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. the wcbic is not responsible for any special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages  that may arise from the use of, or the inability to use, the site and/or the materials contained on the site whether the materials contained on the site are provided by the wcbic, or a third party.










