



existing railroad stations in new york state




















existing railroad stations in new york state

from existing railroad stations in new york state



jump to navigation
jump to search
in the early 1990s, i had been compiling a database of existing classic railroad stations in new york. after gathering about 200 stations, i decided to construct a web site, which i launched in 1996. within a year, through collaboration with many others, the count skyrocketed to nearly 1,000. today, the collection hovers around 850, due to a great number of stations being razed in the last quarter century. while researching these stations has been personally rewarding, i feel that sharing this information on the internet helps others who are interested in the history and preservation of classic railroad stations.
this site was the first of its type (cataloging existing classic railroad stations within a single state) on the internet. subsequent states followed, including pa, nh, and oh.
from summer 2020 through autumn 2023, the content of these pages went through a significant overhaul, which was the result of thousands of miles of driving and hundreds of hours visiting these ever-disappearing stations to re-photograph them. in the process, i confirmed the demise of many stations, and discovered a few new ones. i also decided to carefully record and publish the precise gps coordinates for each station, because addresses — which i used in older versions of the site — were not able to convey their location adequately. these three-plus years of work gave me a view of the entirety of new york state that i don't think any other form of travel could have provided. i hope that you, too, can explore the depth and breadth of new york state through the eyes of the stations left from the railroads that helped form the communities that exist today.
if you have photos, send them in: email me. a small credit line at the bottom is helpful, although i can add it. the photos of the old site were small to save space back in 1996. now i'm standardizing on something around 1600 pixels wide.
a tip - if you are looking at a station in a county page, click the photo. you'll see a large version along with a history of the photos for that station below the photo. that gives you a chance to see how the station has changed over time.
see the faq for what the column headings mean.
—charles woolever

contents

1 recent updates
2 counties
3 interactive map
4 links
5 verify
6 faq


recent updates
august 9, 2024 - removed the b&m schuylerville saratoga county station. it was demolished in january 2024. thanks aaron keller.
august 9, 2024 - added the lakeside cemetery building in hamburg erie county. the building was used to deliver caskets, much like the nyc station in kensico cemetery in westchester county. the building was off the nkp/prr.
may 17, 2024 - added the olean, bradford & warren station in knapp creek cattaraugus county. most likely the only surviving station of the ob&w narrow gauge and consequently perhaps the last surviving station for any of the narrow gauge roads that served this area. thanks michael winicki.
may 17, 2024 - added the rochester & eastern station in seneca castle, ontario county. thanks miles gray.
may 17, 2024 - added the rochester & eastern station in geneva, ontario county. includes a tunnel where the trolley backed in and out. thanks miles gray.
may 17, 2024 - finished kings county with updated data and photo. thanks rich saur for the photo.
march 28, 2024 - removed the nkp angola station from erie county. it was torn down last fall.
counties
this is the beating heart of this web site, where all pertinent station information is available.


albany
allegany
bronx
broome
cattaraugus
cayuga
chautauqua
chemung
chenango
clinton
columbia
cortland
delaware
dutchess
erie
essex
franklin
fulton
genesee
greene
hamilton
herkimer
jefferson
kings
lewis
livingston
madison
monroe
montgomery
nassau
new york
niagara
oneida
onondaga
ontario
orange
orleans
oswego
otsego
putnam
queens
rensselaer
richmond
rockland
st lawrence
saratoga
schenectady
schoharie
schuyler
seneca
steuben
suffolk
sullivan
tioga
tompkins
ulster
warren
washington
wayne
westchester
wyoming
yates

interactive map
the image below is linked to an interactive google map that allows you to toggle any one of ten railroad layers on or off. it is not an alternative to the “counties” tables above; it is merely a simple visualization tool of the locations of all known existing stations. there is a limitation in google maps that allows me to have only 10 layers on the map; nine of the largest railroads are viewable on their own layer, and all other railroads are aggregated in a layer called “other.” it’s important to note that each station’s current location is not necessarily its original location as indicated in the “counties” tables on this website. the “counties” tables also offer far more information about each station than is possible in the interactive map.


links
links to other ny station sites and a few in the rest of the u.s.

verify
please check here to help locate missing stations.

faq
frequently asked questions.





retrieved from "https://ny.existingstations.com/w//index.php?title=existing_railroad_stations_in_new_york_state&oldid=3684"




navigation menu



personal tools


log in





namespaces


main pagediscussion





english









views


readview sourceview history





more

























navigation


existing railroad stations in new york staterecent changesrandom pagehelp about mediawiki




tools


what links hererelated changesspecial pagesprintable versionpermanent linkpage information






 this page was last edited on 20 august 2024, at 20:44.


privacy policy
about existing railroad stations in new york state
disclaimers







