






this week in gang land










≡ menu
 



real stuff
		about
		organized crime


a paid subscription site with no ads.



home
this week
capeci's books
archives
log in












 



february 13, 2025
this week in gang land
by jerry capeci
'tiger boy' prosecutor fights to be 'independence party' candidate for 
	mayor

jim 
	walden is a prominent attorney. he's also a little-known "independence 
	party" candidate vying to be new york city's 111th mayor. back in the 1990s, 
	when former u.s. attorney rudy giuliani was mayor, gang land recalls walden 
	being well-known around brooklyn federal court as "tiger boy," a tough 
	hard-driving prosecutor who'd won dozens of mob convictions.
walden, who says he is "very much not like giuliani in a lot of ways," 
	tells gang land that by election day new yorkers will know his name, what he 
	stands for, and most importantly, that he is a "better choice" to lead the 
	city than republican curtis sliwa, and whoever the democrats choose, even if 
	it's ex-governor andrew cuomo, who many pundits expect to vie for the job.
"there's a lot of good things that cuomo's done; and a lot of bad things 
	that he's done," said walden, who has represented cuomo and also has an 
	intriguing tie to sliwa. walden indicted the gambino soldier who later 
	flipped and testified at several trials that former acting boss john 
	(junior) gotti had planned and ordered the 1992 shooting of sliwa for 
	badmouthing junior's mob boss dad on the air.
little joe d'angelo was the taxi driver from hell


guardian 
	angels founder and veteran john gotti antagonist curtis sliwa is likely to 
	face off against former federal mob prosecutor jim walden in the nyc 
	mayoral race. and in one of those "it's a small world" stories, the two men 
	have something in common — and sliwa likely owes his opponent a 
	"thank you" for a 25-year-old favor. it's one that sliwa has most likely been 
	unaware of until now, since he did not return a gang land call yesterday.
luchese gangster facing two cases is back in the hospital; 
	worse, he's a brokester 


more 
	bad news for luchese gangster joseph cutaia. in december, he was charged 
	with six counts of extortion plus six violations of supervised release. the 
	charges stemmed from his alleged shake down of two brooklyn businesses for 
	more than $100,000 in payoffs in 2023 and 2024, periods when he was behind 
	bars as well as following his release in december of 2023.

	 

read this week's column

gang land subscription policies

 

subscribe now!
for more info …


this week in gang land
last week in gang land
this month in gang land history


the five families





john gotti

john "junior" gotti

alfonso "little al" d'arco

salvatore "bull" gravano

joseph massino

steven "stevie wonder" crea

john "sonny" franzese 

domenico "italian dom" cefalu

vincent "chin" gigante

carmine "junior" persico

anthony "gaspipe" casso

liborio "barney" bellomo
 
other wiseguys …

contact gang land
jerry capecip.o. box 863long beach, ny 11561

gang land's policies
 
 


mafia women
other books
faq
links
about us
contact us

 

web consulting by dorene matney
© 2022, gang land news





