










what we do | custom printing and communications solutions | linemark

































































































skip to content











home
about
solutions
news & blogs
 


upload files
paynow
contact us







search



search for:search button




  










what we do 



linemark is committed to providing you and your business the single-source custom printing and communications solutions you need from concept to completion. we proudly offer a wide range of personal and commercial printing, mailing, storage, and distribution services supported by robust integration and automation. 






learn more










contact us























solutions 



at linemark, we’ve spent more than 30 years delivering industry leading custom printing, marketing, and communications solutions for our customers. we invite you to explore our site, learn more about our capabilities, and discover how we can help you realize your publishing dreams or make your next marketing campaign a runaway success. 





general print solutions
direct mail
custom books
signage & wall art
promotional products


general print solutions


general print solutions
through our state-of-the-art printing and binding equipment, we’ll help you create high-quality customized products that meet your needs and convert more leads. from our streamlined and convenient online ordering and uploading system to our affordability and convenience, our commercial printing services are truly top-of-the-line.


brochures
marketing -postcards
collateral
envelopes
notepads / notebooks


books
mailers
letterhead
business cards / thermography
labels / stickers


learn more 



direct mail


direct mail
linemark offers comprehensive direct mail marketing capabilities to our customers. we act as a single-source solution for printing, imaging, data management, mailing, and more. as an industry leader in direct mail, linemark has the tools, resources, and staff to manage the most complex direct mail services in-house for our clients.


membership acquisition / renewal
event registering
customer acquisition & marketing


fundraising campaigns
political messaging campaigns
public relations


learn more 



custom books


custom books
since 1999, linemark has been your go-to printing partner for custom hardcover and softcover book printing projects of all shapes and sizes. whether you’re looking to self-publish your novel, create your school’s next yearbook, or provide detailed instruction guides for your customers, we can ensure an exceptional print on demand book project. from 1 copy print-on-demand to thousands daily and even bulk runs in the thousands, we’ve got you covered with our top supremely efficient, automated custom book printing services.


photobooks
self published books
corporate books


children’s books
yearbooks
real estate look books


learn more 




signage & wall art


signage & wall art
when you need a bolder, stronger way to convey your most important messages, linemark has you covered with signage and wall art printing services. leveraging the innovative efi uv printers and finishing with kongsberg, our short-run equipment is guaranteed to produce exceptional results. whether you’re trying to draw in customers for your seasonal specials, rebranding your business, or simply giving health and safety instructions, the linemark team has the expertise to help you through the design and printing process for signage and wall art.


general signage
building / office graphics
acrylic prints
canvas prints


pop-ups / backdrops
conference displays
metal prints


learn more 




promotional products


promotional products
everyone responds in one way or another to a quality-made promotional product. from ink pens and travel mugs to t-shirts, buttons, and calendars, a promotional product can leave a strong lasting impression and increase brand recognition for your business. as an asi member for over 15 years, linemark’s online storefront displays thousands of ideas for inspiring your creativity and helping you further develop your brand.
learn more 


















latest news, events & blogs 



 





news


03/31/2023



the #10 envelope is an essential tool in business communication. it's a standard-sized envelope that has been around for ages,...










news


01/21/2025



a accordion fold a fold that creates a z-shaped or...










news


01/16/2025



﻿﻿ how direct mail marketing drives business success: a guide...




learn more 
		    		



















client tools 



when you set out to structure your next marketing campaign, you want absolute certainty that the printed materials you incorporate are well-designed and ready when you need them. at linemark, we provide our customers with a suite of free resources that ensure your print jobs are completed to your exact specifications and delivered on time and according to your budget. before you begin your project, check out our useful templates, settings, sizing, and reference guides.         







 
learn more











upload your files 



output/pdf settings 



linemark forms 



direct mail reference guide 



envelope sizing guide 



templates & indicias 



















 







join our team 



at linemark, we’re always looking for new talent to join our team of driven and talented print industry professionals. if you’re interested in becoming a part of that team, take a look at our open positions or give us a call and we can discuss future opportunities. 






join our talent community














 







contact us
we appreciate your interest in our industry leading custom printing services, direct mail services, bindery options, and more. for more information about linemark and our vast range of solutions for you and your business, fill out the form below or give us a call today.



 











 

  

  











main line:
(301) 925-9000


after hour line:
(301) 925-7030


fax:
(301) 925-8943


hours:
mon-fri, 8am - 5pm est




headquarters: 
501 prince georges blvd upper marlboro, md 20774






consider connecting directly to any of our team members below.
meet the team











thank you for visiting linemark online. we also encourage in-person plant visits and of course, our team is always ready to connect at your location. we believe the more access you have to your partners, the more confidence you will have in our ability to make a difference in your business.
 



quick links


about us
our team
sustainability




terms of service
privacy policy
equipment list

 



send us your files
pay online

 








© 2025 linemark, inc. all rights reserved









 
































