













town & country inn and suites - home



























home


accommodations


contemporary king


contemporary two queen


contemporary two queen kitchen suite


king airbath jr. suite


king airbath kitchen suite


charlestowne boutique suite


boutique proprietors suite




trotters restaurant



trotters restaurant hours


dining reservations


weekday breakfast


lunch


dinner


weekend breakfast






events and groups


information request




gifts


contact















exclusive direct booking special.
book direct with us on our website and receive a $15 food & beverage voucher for trotters restaurant.

when you book your reservation through us on our website you will be presented with a $15 food & beverage voucher for each night of your stay redeemable in trotters restaurant. 
book today



























guest focused service!
let us provide you with an outstanding experience.

our mission is to provide an incomparable guest focused experience each and every time you stay with us.  our friendly and attentive staff is committed to ensuring that you will enjoy all aspects of your visit.  
read more





















experience charleston's newest affordable luxury guestrooms.
check availability - book now














experience our new rooms
plush bedding, air bath tubs, modern furnishings, executive workstations, and more.





featured guestrooms
choose from contemporary kings and queens, suites, and kitchenettes.





we're so glad that you are here!
direct hotel website booking special for reservations booked on this site.







weddings and reunions
we cater to large groups and special occasions. let our expert team handle all the details.





corporate meetings and events
count on our corporate rates to deliver strong value and exceptional service every time.





european amenities
with our universal electronic gift certificates, your dollar is worth more at the town and country inn








trotters restaurant
lowcountry cuisine in a relaxed setting.  open for lunch, dinner, and charleston's favorite sunday brunch.
					   
					   
















































about us

                    at the town & country inn and suites, you'll find brand new guest rooms with sophisticated touches that make the affordable feel decadent.
					 
call us today 1 800-334-6660











gallery












					modern luxury. extraordinary value.
                  














        © copyright 2011-2025 palas hospitality - all rights reserved.
      





home


accommodations


trotters restaurant


gifts


contact


jobs


policies

















 





