










home - utility solid waste activities group

























































 
 

















skip to content





























member login | contact us









linkedin



























 
homeabout mission board of directors staff committees membership list affiliate list uswag pcb approvaljoin uswag membership options general membership decommissioning facility membership (dfm) regulatory compliance & training (rct) partners affiliate programmeetings & workshops member meetings uswag workshops 11th annual ccr workshop (2025) 2025 decommissioning workshop & pfas workshop 2025 spcc workshop








 















 
11th annual ccr workshopregister now!  uswag's 11th annual ccr workshop will be held april 29–may 1, 2025, at the hilton columbus downtown.
learn more 


 
decommissioning workshop & inaugural pfas for utilities workshopregistration is now open! uswag will be hosting 2 back-to-back workshops in one location.  join us at the omni las colinas in irving (dallas), texas, may 20-22, 2025 for uswag's decommissioning and inaugural pfas workshops.
learn more 






























welcome to the utility solid waste activities group!
the utility solid waste activities group (uswag) is responsible for addressing waste, byproduct, and chemical management issues on behalf of the utility industry. formed in 1978, uswag is a trade association of over 130 utility operating companies, energy companies, and industry associations, including the national rural electric cooperative association (nreca), the american public power association (appa), and the american gas association (aga).
uswag's core mission is to support the industry's efforts to comply with federal environmental regulations, protect the environment, and serve its customers.
special note for members and affiliates:  uswag's new info hub is now open allowing you to access your profile and select members-only content.  if you have any difficulty creating your username and password for the new info hub, please send an email to info@uswag.org for assistance.




















calendar icon



uswag workshops 
did you know uswag workshops are open to members, affiliates and other interested industry and government partners?  click the link above to learn more.
 













lock icon



member login 
click the link above to access uswag's member portal to access members-only content.
 


















learn more about uswag's technical committees

























ash management & solid waste committee 
ash committee provides technical assistance, regulatory support and advocacy, and member counseling for issues related to the management and disposal of ccr.
read more 


















dot    committee 
dot committee provides compliance support, member counseling, and regulatory advocacy in connection with federal hazmat transportation rules.
read more 


















low volume waste committee 
lvw committee provides technical assistance, regulatory support and advocacy, and counseling for member-specific waste issues.
read more 


















tsca chemical management committee 
tsca committee supports member compliance involving the use and disposal of pcbs and other chemicals under tsca.
read more 


















remediation & response committee 
r&r committee addresses legislative, regulatory, and liability issues related to the assessment, remediation, and ownership of contaminated properties.
read more 


















tanks subcommittee 
tank subcommittee provides compliance support, member counseling, and advocacy associated with the spcc and frp requirements.
read more 










 












© 2025 utility solid waste activities group
 | 
site by growthzone












quicklinks

















					membership list				








					member-only events				








					public workshops				








					become a uswag member				








					join the affiliate program				











get in touch!


















(202) 301-5023 














7780 elmwood ave, ste 130, middleton, wisconsin 53562 














info@uswag.org 


















 © 2025 utility solid waste activities group.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 

















