


white buffalo collectibles









































welcome to white buffalo collectibles


we are so proud to announce we now have a store located on 205 main st in landrum, sc 29356.....store phone number is 864-457-1411

 store hours are friday 11-4, saturday 11-4 and sunday 12-3. a private showing is by appointment only. please call 386-405-2263 and we can meet you on off days/hours.




all pendleton blankets are brand new in the box...the pictures and prices are not on this website, to see a picture just type name into google ..below is a listing of what we have and prices. these blankets are all vintage.


in 1909 pendleton woolen mills became the primary trade blanket of contemporary native americans


*** le = limited edition

geronimo le blanket #839 of 1821                               price $475.00
vintage ..sacred pipe le blanket#220 of 500              price $475.00
vintagethey sang for horse le blanket #42 of 300     price $475.00
vintage people of longhouse le #190 of 300              price $475.00
rare: arctic owl le blanket#239 of 500                     price $1950.00
rare : indian market series one 
le #466,#499 and #500 of 1000  (each)                           price $590.00


*** no le limited edition

vintage the gift of life                                    price $475.00
vintagethe record keeper                             price $475.00
vintagecode talker un-napped                     price $520.00
vintagechief eagle                                         price $475.00
turtle                                                                   price $250.00
vintage spirit quest                                        price $475.00
elders circle of life                                             price $250.00
vintage  keep fires burning                           price $475.00
swaia sante fe indian market                          price $300.00



**** the prices on this website are over 20 years old and because website was created in front page i cannot change prices,,,,,do not go by these old prices,,,,prices have changed call for current pricing *******also "not" all items are in stock


a native american gallery created for those individuals 
who value and treasure fine native american jewelry & art.  white buffalo 
collectibles has 2 domain names, 
www.whitebuffalo1.com and 

www.whitebuffalo.biz, we hope you enjoy 
shopping with us.

famous artists: effie "c"calavaza , alvin yellowhorse, ben livingston, 
  laneayo, and many more! 
zuni fetishes and native sculptures showcasing artwork from andy & roberta 
  abeita.
  hopi creations
kachinas made by navajo artists 
peace pipes, fans, rain maker sticks, cradle boards and more ! 



you will enjoy browsing through the following native american collectible 
listings. these are all certified and numbered authentic native american works 
of art.




some of the sections you will find under "products" are: 

native american jewelry
under native american jewelry (which is our most visited section!!) white 
buffalo has collected intricate silverwork by many famous artists, including 
alvin yellowhorse , ernest benally , zuni artist; effie "c" calavaza, tommy 
singer, sam gray, and tommy moore just to name a few. turquoise jewelry, rings, 
pendants, necklaces, earrings, white buffalo turquoise , the new crazy horse gem 
stones and other collectibles. these authentic native american jewelry treasures 
are created by various indian tribes. the artists featured in white buffalo 1 
come from the zuni, navajo, hopi, acoma, laguna, santa domingo, creek, cheyenne 
and ute tribes just to name a few. 
native american fetishes
fair warning: collecting fetishes can be addicting!!!
under the fetish section you will find some intricate carvings.
fetishes are believed to derive their power from various sources, which explains 
why there are so many different designs. they were created to protect their 
owners against certain dangers. you will find many to chose from. also new from 
the sante fe indian show are beautiful pieces by artists andy & roberta abeita 
who are well-known for their skillful attention to detail. some of their 
carvings are actually large stone sculptures.

native american pottery
the craft of native american pottery making is handed down from generation to 
generation among the pueblo indians best replica watches high buy of new mexico and arizona. in almost every 
village there are a few who make plain kitchenware for their own use. with the 
hopi this is quite common. more often, however, the potters make beautifully 
decorated ware, each in the style of her own village, and sells them as 
decorative ornaments.
the categories above will show a sample of the different pueblo styles and 
designs that we have collected. our pottery is individually handmade by various 
potters and each piece is hand carved and hand painted with native american 
designs. the carvings are very detailed and are a beautiful work of art. we our 
very proud of our collection at whitebuffalo1.com

native american collectibles
the masks category are creations by famous "creek" artist laneayo. these are 
truly the finest you will find any where. the original designs and fine details 
are a real tribute to their artist. under the sculpture listing you will find 
beautiful alabaster carvings, buffalo's, mother & father, eagle, and many 
different kinds of sculptures. most of these where created and carved by famous 
navajo artist ben livingston. under the native american artifact section you 
will find peace pipes, fans, rain maker sticks, cradle boards and more. this is 
one of white buffalo's largest sections.

hopi creations
the hopi indians live in the arid south western united states. they are a nation 
of farmers whose very existence depends upon the production of food crops. rain 
for their crops is essential for survival. throughout the summer season 
ceremonies and dances are performed by hopis dressed as "spirts"beings called 
kachinas. these dancers are thought of as spiritual messengers who convey the 
wishes of the hopi people through prayers, songs and dances.

every symbol, design and color on the masks, bodies and clothing of the dolls 
has definite symbolism and meaning; with a direct connection to the hopi life, 
custom, history and religion.

our hopi creations section under products includes shalakos, katsinas, pottery 
and more. 


navajo
here you will find kachinas made by navajo artists. keep in mind that the 
kachina has no religious significance in the navajo culture. navajo kachina 
makers and other craftsmen have borrowed from the other cultures for centuries 
but do not always follow the techniques of the hopi's. these navajo kachina's 
are not carved from cottonwood root like the hopi kachinas but are less 
expensive than the true hopi kachinas. buyers have a choice of purchasing either 
the navajo or hopi version, and there are collector's of both. the navajo 
kachina was created due to tourist demand for them at a lower cost.
native american beadwork, northwest art , new arrivals and monthly specials are 
also special sections
these are smaller sections but represent items we have bought traveling to 
different reservations through out the country.

native american spirit
we have devoted our entire white buffalo website to authentic native american 
pieces. in our travels we have found some beautiful art work that is not native 
but have been created in the native american spirit. with that thought in mind 
what you will view in this section are not authentic native american pieces.
how to order
this section explains how to order, shipping charges, layaway policy and return 
policy.




contact us | view site map

























































