
































































buffalo news | breaking news | read the latest buffalo, ny, and erie county news from the buffalo news. get headlines on local weather, entertainment, and events.






















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















16°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



police & courts



business



politics



state & regional



history



national & world



news tip



photo galleries




obituaries


featured obituaries



in memoriam



celebration of life



share a story



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorial



guest/columnists



zyglis cartoons




sports


bills



sabres



high school



college



bisons & baseball



outdoors



betting




gusto


event calendar



food & drink



music



movies & tv



arts & theatre



contests



comics



puzzles



play



podcasts




lifestyles


announcements



parenting



health



get healthy



home & garden



travel



fashion



pets



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



[bn] ads



e-edition archives




special sections


buffalo magazine



[bn] home



wellness wny



best of 716



destination education



wny nurses



wny weddings



sponsored content



buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



marketplace



public notices



pets place



contests



the buffalo news store



shop local




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


activate



manage subscription



newsletters



subscribe now



contact us



deliver us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

podcasts

gusto

lifestyles

business

public notices

jobs









16°
fair/wind
























        
        
            trini ross out as top prosecutor; joel violanti named acting u.s. attorney in wny

in a recent interview with the buffalo news, ross called her time as u.s. attorney “an opportunity of a lifetime to run an office that i care deeply about, where i worked in for over two decades, and gave me an opportunity to really work with victims.”

















        
        
            'waste, fraud and abuse' is a political fight older than the nation. here's what to know

pinpointing the genesis of “waste, fraud and abuse” as political rhetoric is difficult. but the concept is older than the nation: think “taxation without representation.”

















        
        
            looking for something you missed? here are local stories published the past 24 hours

here are the stories our newsroom published during the past 24 hours.

















        
        
            leaving albany has ups and downs for ex-wny lawmaker

former assembly member monica wallace, d-lancaster, who brought stability to a once scandal-scarred district, looks forward to spending time with her family after losing her re-election bid.

















        
        
            buffalo's research labs high school to evolve through ub partnership

a new vision for buffalo's research labs high school will weave together research skills and advanced computer literacy to aid students in exploring topics that spark their interest – with the university at buffalo there to help.

















        
        
            most inmates released from erie county jail are sent back in a year, but not this group

since its inception in 2019, project blue is credited with lowering the percentage of jailed erie county inmates and detainees who return to jail after being released.

















        
        
            the question for bills at linebacker is the future beyond 2025

the bills always could use more depth at a position that is key for special teams. given the other needs on the roster, spending a prime draft resource on a linebacker does not seem likely.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            alan pergament: levin adds newscast; wivb hires sports reporter; and 'slick rick' gets national love


















        
        
            'as humid as a rainforest': mckinley mall cinema sues long island operator for breaching contract


















        
        
            leaving albany has ups and downs for ex-wny lawmaker















                
                the latest


















        
        
            east side contractor plans to turn former iroquois brewery into affordable apartments

through her legacy landmark holdings, ellen shareef is tackling a site with a long tradition of brewing dating back to 1830.





















        
        
            project blue video

daniel muhlbauer, sitting next his father, henry, talks about how project blue has changed his outlook on life and his confidence in being able to leave the erie county jail system and succeed on the outside. 





















        
        
            #everydayaphoto 2025

we all know that western new york is an amazing place – its diverse weather, beautiful resources and wonderful people. every day, buffalo news photographers continue to bring you an image that reflects that wonder. our challenge is to look at things differently, to remind us all to take the …




















        
        
            building on northland's success as construction is poised to begin

the next phase of work at the northland beltline corridor campus on buffalo's east side is poised to begin.













                
                business
                
                    


















        
        
            east side contractor plans to turn former iroquois brewery into affordable apartments



















        
        
            building on northland's success as construction is poised to begin



















        
        
            buffalo startup refraction gets launch ny funding for expansion



















        
        
            sopark circuit board




















                
                latest video




















        
        
            project blue video




















        
        
            st. mary's players discuss championship win




















        
        
            presidents day protest in niagara square




















        
        
            saxophonist will holton performs at the caz












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            ub football coach pete lembo receives $50,000 annual raise, $200,000 pool for staff

university at buffalo football coach pete lembo will receive a raise of $50,000, after ub announced his contract extension feb. 11.




















        
        
            fflop wins section vi girls hockey title for assistant coach; st. mary's repeats as private champ

the frontier/franklinville/orchard park/lake shore girls hockey team defeated hamburg/eden/west seneca 4-1 to win the section vi girls hockey championship.





















        
        
            photos: fflop defeats hews to win girls section vi hockey championship

frontier/franklinville/orchard park/lake shore defeated hamburg/eden/west seneca, 4-1, to win the girls section vi hockey championship. here are photos from the game. 





















        
        
            photos: st. mary's wins girls private school hockey championship

st. mary's on monday won the girls private school hockey championship, defeating monsignor martin 3-0. here are photos from the game.  














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            coca-cola is responding to poppi and olipop with new 'better for you' soda

coca-cola is rolling out simply pop, a prebiotic soda that it claims “supports gut health,” in response to the growing popularity and sales of its smaller rivals.




















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves. 





















        
        
            photos: notable deaths in 2025

here's a look back at the entertainers, leaders, athletes and other notable people we've said goodbye to so far in 2025. 

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            

















        
        
            10 best ai headshot generators

affiliate content. explore the 10 best ai headshot generators to create professional-quality portraits with ease.












contributor








        
        
            left coast: one of the most sought-after cannabis brands in buffalo

provided content. left coast has emerged and is considered to be one of the most sought-after cannabis brands in the city of buffalo area. 












sponsored








        
        
            salon and tattoo shop in downtown buffalo celebrates locals’ individuality

content by oak & iron. for the last five years, oak & iron on franklin street in downtown buffalo has been serving residents looking to express their individuality.












contributor








        
        
            running out of gift ideas for the mom who has it all? check out these wellness essentials!

contributor content. from skincare to supplements, these gift options are designed to pamper the mom who has it all and bring a little extra luxury to her life.
















                
                lifestyle
                
                    


















        
        
            10 can't-miss places to visit in the winter



















        
        
            what people eat around the world on valentine's day



















        
        
            certified pre-owned vs. used: edmunds explains which is better



















        
        
            here are some goods in the crosshairs of trump's tariffs on mexico, canada and china












                
                opinion
                
                    


















        
        
            how the trump administration can curb housing costs | salim furth



















        
        
            las vegas review-journal: universal basic income fails another test



















        
        
            the editorial board: direct support professionals are finally getting urgently needed raises



















        
        
            letter: there is nothing wrong with calling for dignity, compassion












                
                nation & world
                
                    


















        
        
            after meeting with trump, jordan's king says his country opposes displacing palestinians in gaza



















        
        
            russia claims it's taken another eastern ukraine town. kyiv officials make no comment



















        
        
            fast fashion, laptops and toys are likely to cost more due to us tariffs on chinese imports



















        
        
            china counters with tariffs on us products. it will also investigate google.











                
                listen now podcasts



















        
        
            us, russia hold ukraine negotiations; 4 nations title game set | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.













                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




























                
                shop local spotlights
                
            
















        
        
            handmade gifts under $50



            buffalo magazine
        


















        
        
            snail mail, but make it cool



            buffalo magazine
        


















        
        
            4 books to gift by buffalo-based authors



            buffalo magazine
        










                
                newsletter
                
            













email




        
        
            sign up for newsletters from the buffalo news




convenient updates to your inbox on daily headlines with good morning, buffalo, plus breaking news, local sports and food and drink. 



























×
















facebook





twitter





youtube









sites & partners


buffalo job finder

bn home

[bn] ads

buffalo magazine

wny weddings

classifieds

the buffalo news store

get healthy




services


activate

manage subscription

advertise with us

work here

contests

newsletters

contact us

become a carrier

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the buffalo news, 726 exchange st. buffalo, ny 14210
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe































