














peugeot uk | explore new cars, suvs, vans & electric vehicles
















































































































































 



new peugeot
e-5008  
 






 




the class-above electric large suv up to 7-seats
























































find out more






















 



new peugeot
e-5008 





the class-above electric large suv up to 7-seats
















find out more







































































































find out more


































find out more



















































 



new e-3008
 






 




the next-level fastback suv
























































find out more






















 



new e-3008
 




the next-level fastback suv
















find out more

















































 






 


























































find out more










































 


















find out more



































 



how can we help?



















































 



how can we help?



















































 



 
 
why choose





peugeot
















 



 
 
why choose

peugeot

















































































































 



the power of attraction



a feline look that stands out at first glance.
a constantly renewed driving experience.
year after year, our peugeot range has won over customers with the refinement of its interior space and the elegance of its exterior lines. 



















 



instinctive driving pleasure



		the latest generation peugeot i-cockpit® drive station with integrated control compact steering wheel offers top-quality ergonomics and technologies. on board, there is only one watchword: focus on the essentials. driving pleasure.
	



















 



uncompromising quality



		peugeot has a long tradition in motor sport. an unwavering commitment, a pronounced taste for excellence that is reflected in all the brand's models. 
	























allure




emotion




excellence























 



 
 
everything is more beautiful
with allure




style is about encouraging change by making it irresistible.
by 2025, 100% of the vehicles in the peugeot range will be electrified. proof of our commitment to a more respectful mobility.
 
 














 



 
 
everything is more beautiful
with allure




style is about encouraging change by making it irresistible.
by 2025, 100% of the vehicles in the peugeot range will be electrified. proof of our commitment to a more respectful mobility.
 
 













































































 




100% electric. 
100% irresistible.
 
we already offer a number of 100% electric vehicles in the peugeot range, with more vehicles to be announced. discover a world of zero emissions whilst driving, instant torque and a serene experience.





design your peugeot




discover our electric models











 




explore a whole 
new mobility
 
choosing a plug-in hybrid means getting the best of both worlds. in the city, you can drive 100% electric. and for longer journeys, you still have the range of the internal combustion engine.
 






design your peugeot




discover the electric range












all-electric 




plug-in hybrid 





























 



latest offers



















































buy online




discover out latest offers online.
 
		
	

view offers














































peugeot friends & family




nhs, emergency services and qualified teachers are eligible to join the peugeot friends & family programme, giving you access to exceptional offers across the peugeot range.
 
simply submit your details and we'll send you a unique code and link to unlock your offers.
 
		
	

find out more


















































 



 
why buy online





get peugeot peace of mind when you order online. design your new car all the way through to securing finance from the comfort of your own home, with expert support when you need it.

























































































































 




 
online
offers




 
14 day money-back guarantee








 




 
talk to us
 direct




 
using the chat function you can speak to our team, who can help with trade-in valuations, finance questions or anything else to do with the purchase process.





en savoir plus











 




 
delivery
 your way




 
choose delivery direct to your door(i) at participating peugeot retailers only. option given at checkout if available.   , or to your local retailer.








 




 
peugeot
 care




 
all brand new peugeot cars come with a 3 year warranty(i) 3 year / 60,000 mile diagnostics warranty included with all new passenger cars. for more details go to www.peugeot.co.uk/owners/assistance-warranty/warranty  .
















how to buy online





























 



your new peugeot is waiting for you
















 




offers now available on in-stock vehicles. take a look today and then contact your local retailer for latest stock availability. you could be driving away in a brand new peugeot sooner than you think.





view offers





















 




build and price your own peugeot fully online. choose to order online direct for an easy, at-home experience with complete security and confidence.
 





design & price





















































 




			

			
				our 100% electric range for professionals
			
		



discover our range of 100% electric commercial vehicles designed
to meet the demands of your business.
 
configure your vehicle online and get in touch with our business fleet teams.





discover our offers





































 




			

			
				maintenance of an electric vehicle
			
		



the electric motor is simpler than the combustion engine and frees you from many servicing operations.
 
 





read more




































        news
    



































































































































































































































































 




new peugeot e-408

unexpected from every angle




the new e-408 combines a fastback-inspired silhouette, a powerful 157 kw/210 hp motor, and the pleasure of the peugeot electric driving experience, with up to 281 miles(i) the fuel consumption or electric range achieved, and co2 produced (where applicable), in real world conditions will depend upon a number of factors including, but not limited to: the accessories fitted (pre and post registration); the starting charge of the battery; variations in weather; driving styles and vehicle load. the e-408 is a battery electric vehicle requiring mains electricity for charging. the wltp (worldwide harmonised light vehicles test procedure) is used to measure fuel consumption, electric range and co2 figures. figures shown are for comparison purposes and should only be compared to the fuel consumption, electric range and co2 values of other cars tested to the same technical standard. official fuel consumption in mpg (l/100km) and co2 emissions (g/km) for the e-408 range are: combined n/a (n/a) and co2 0g/km. equivalent all electric range: 281 miles.  of wltp range.
peugeot completes its ev line-up with the new e-408, which also benefits from the peugeot allure care(i) peugeot allure care consists of 2 years standard manufacturer’s warranty plus up to 6 years of special coverage, activated when you decide to maintain your car in the participating peugeot network in line with our service programme. it is valid up to the next scheduled service and reactivated for up to 8 years or 100,000 miles, whichever happens first. peugeot allure care is available on new and uk ordered: e-208, e-2008, e-308, e-308 sw, e-3008, e-408, e-5008. peugeot allure care does not affect your legal guarantee of conformity or the manufacturer warranty on your car. please see full terms & conditions.  , offering peace of mind for up to 8 years.





find out more 





















 




peugeot allure care




the peugeot allure care delivers peace of mind by providing comprehensive cover for the electric motor, charging system, powertrain, and electrical and mechanical components for up to 8 years or 100,000 miles, whichever comes first.





find out more 





















 




new e-5008
the next-generation dynamic large suv




discover the new e-5008, the class-above large suv up to 7 seats with stylish yet robust lines and the new peugeot panoramic i-cockpit®.
 
the new e-5008 is built on the stla medium platform which revolutionises electric mobility :

available to order now as all-electric with up to 414 miles range(i) the fuel consumption or electric range achieved, and co2 produced (where applicable), in real world conditions will depend upon a number of factors including, but not limited to: the accessories fitted (pre and post registration); the starting charge of the battery; variations in weather; driving styles and vehicle load. the e-5008 is a battery electric vehicle requiring mains electricity for charging. the wltp (worldwide harmonised light vehicles test procedure) is used to measure fuel consumption, electric range and co2 figures. figures shown are for comparison purposes and should only be compared to the fuel consumption, electric range and co2 values of other cars tested to the same technical standard. 

official fuel consumption in mpg (l/100km) and co2 emissions (g/km) for the e-5008 long range are: combined n/a (n/a) and co2 n/ag/km. equivalent all electric range: 414 miles.  
available later with all-electric dual motor 4-wheel drive
available later with all-electric long range






discover the new peugeot e-5008





















 




chat gpt integrated in the peugeot i-cockpit®




peugeot brings you the latest technology. activate the new ai capabilities of your i-cockpit over-the-air, and dialogue with your car while driving thanks to chatgpt





discover 





















 




new commercial vehicle range
allure makes your business better




with their redesigned grille, new three-claw signature lighting and brand-new peugeot badge, the new electric commercial vehicles e-partner, e-expert, and e-boxer offer a distinctive and enhanced design for your business.
 
quiet and environmentally friendly, they are equipped with new high-performance 100% electric powertrains with optimized range for greater efficiency in your day.





discover our new range of commercial vehicles





















 




a car of the year 2024




peugeot is proud to once again be announced as a car of the year 2024 finalist. the alluring new e-3008 will share the spotlight with acclaimed european vehicles of excellence in geneva. fingers  crossed for the trophy!





discover the new e-3008





















 




new e-3008 next-level electric fastback suv




with its spectacular peugeot panoramic i-cockpit®, the e-3008 takes inventive design and driving pleasure to the next level. 
 
dive into the world of the fastback suv and experience outstanding electric performance with a drivingf range up to 326 miles.(i) approval pending - the range and power consumption values ​​indicated comply with the wltp test procedure on the basis of which new vehicles have been approved since 1 september 2018. they may vary depending on actual driving conditions. use and various factors such as: speed, thermal comfort on board the vehicle, driving style and outside temperature. the charging time depends in particular on the power of the charger on board the vehicle, the charging cable, as well as the type and power of the charging station used. be sure to contact your point of sale for more information.   





discover the new peugeot e-3008





















 




			

			
				new peugeot 2008
			
		



the agile suv.
 
the new peugeot 2008 takes design, technology and electrification to a new level.
 
equipped with a new 115 kw/156 hp engine, the compact and robust suv offers up to 248 miles wltp(i) the range and power consumption values indicated comply with the wltp test procedure on the basis of which new vehicles have been approved since september 1st, 2018. they may vary depending on actual conditions of use and different factors such as: speed, thermal comfort on board the vehicle, driving style and outside temperature. the charging time depends in particular on the power of the charger on board the vehicle, the charging cable, as well as the type and power of the charging station used. be sure to contact your point of sale for more information   of electric range for more freedom. 






discover the new peugeot 2008





















 




			

			
				308 & 308 sw - 100% electric and 100% irresistible
			
		



the all-electric new e-308 is now available to order, with the new e-308 sw coming soon to the uk.
 
the electric e-308 is powered by an all-new electric motor, developing 115kw (156 bhp) and offering, depending on the level of equipment, a range of up to 257 miles.(i) peugeot motor company plc is acting as a credit broker and is not a lender and may introduce you to other credit brokers (vehicle retailers). we will introduce you to leasys as a lender and we will receive a fixed commission for this introduction or no commission at all. the vehicle retailer, acting as credit broker, will receive from the lender a commission, fee or other remuneration typically. this may be in the form of a standard amount e.g. based on a fixed fee or fixed interest rates, campaigns or targets agreed between leasys and the credit broker. alternative finance products may be available with different commission amounts and/or arrangements.  for more details, or if you think this will affect your decision to enter into an agreement, you should ask leasys or the vehicle retailer (acting as a credit broker) for further information.   





discover the 308





















 




			

			
				the peugeot inception concept, a source of inspiration
			
		



at the european premiere of the peugeot inception concept in paris, the brand proudly announced a series of collaborations with some of the brightest talents of the creative world!

the first of these partnerships with talented french designer emeric tchatchoua, founder of the fashion brand 3.paradis was showcased at the event.
together, peugeot and 3.paradis aim to create a unique, inspiring  and optimistic vision for the future.








 




discover the new 508
allure born to drive




the new peugeot 508 and 508 peugeot sport engingeered, both available in saloon and estate models, showcase innovative front designs that feature the brand’s new logo and signature matrix three-claw led headlights. each model offers rechargeable hybrid motors with outstanding efficiency, without ever compromising the driving experience.





discover the new 508









discover the new 508 sw pse






 




			

			
				the lifestyle shop
			
		



discover a selection of everyday objects with the brand image.
 
stationery products, mugs or decorations…
 
the essentials, signed peugeot.


























 




introducing... peugeot road sessions




listen up! peugeot is launching an exciting app, road sessions, that brings together your music, geolocation and road speed into perfect harmony.
 
how does it work? when you're on slower roads, peugeot road sessions selects more mellow tracks, and when the pace picks up on your journey, so do your songs!
the appropriate soundtrack far the appropriate speed.
 
give it a try today and enjoy the perfect tracks - far making tracks!





download the app




discover more







































 



see what others are saying about @peugeotuk



			

			
				share your peugeot with us on social media by tagging @peugeotuk
			
		









 



 
 
 
















 




 
ˆpeugeot allure care consists of 3 years standard manufacturer’s warranty plus up to 5 years of special coverage, activated when you decide to maintain your car in the participating peugeot network in line with our service programme. it is valid up to the next scheduled service and reactivated for vehicles up to 8 years old or 100,000 miles, whichever happens first. peugeot allure care is available on new and uk ordered: e-208, e-2008, e-308, e-308 sw, e-3008, e-408, e-5008. peugeot allure care does not affect your legal guarantee of conformity or the manufacturer warranty on your car. please see full terms & conditions.​














 




 
ˆpeugeot allure care consists of 3 years standard manufacturer’s warranty plus up to 5 years of special coverage, activated when you decide to maintain your car in the participating peugeot network in line with our service programme. it is valid up to the next scheduled service and reactivated for vehicles up to 8 years old or 100,000 miles, whichever happens first. peugeot allure care is available on new and uk ordered: e-208, e-2008, e-308, e-308 sw, e-3008, e-408, e-5008. peugeot allure care does not affect your legal guarantee of conformity or the manufacturer warranty on your car. please see full terms & conditions.​
 
^^offer valid between 17/02/2025 and 17/03/2025 inclusive. offer is a £750 (excl vat) discount off the on the road price of new current model van. business users only. selected stock and participating retailers only. offer subject to full t&cs




























find a retailer





latest offers





need help





contact us








peugeot models​



all 100% electric vehicles


all plug-in hybrid vehicles


hybrid vehicles


suvs


city cars


estate cars


7+ seaters


hatchbacks


peugeot sport engineered


vans


model prices & specifications





useful tools



search


latest offers/buy online


design your peugeot


make an enquiry


price & spec guides


book a test drive


value my vehicle


spoticar approved used cars





owners



request a service


peugeot servicing


parts


mots


fixed price repairs


peugeot assistance


connected services


peugeot accessories


electric & hybrid servicing


download mypeugeot app





more from peugeot



peugeot lifestyle boutique


stellantis careers


peugeot apprenticeships


leasys


stellantis financial services


motability


support and faqs


find a retailer


contact us


peugeot magazine


become a retailer









follow peugeot








































privacy policy




legal information




cookie preferences




cookies policy




modern slavery statement




tax strategy




gender pay gap




motor industry code of practice




carbon reduction plan




































questions?
        powered by velaro live chat
    









