







magnet schools of america











































































 
sign in blueprint
job board
contact us
donate
search
















toggle navigation






about

what are magnet schools
board of directors
staff
magnet job board
national magnet schools month
success stories
my magnet moment
msa blog
distinct by design
contact us


membership
leadership institute
partners and sponsors
events

msa 2025 ◊ nashville
webinars
year-long sponsorship opportunities


awards

merit awards program
national scholarship
national superintendent of the year award
national district administrator of the year
national principal of the year award
national teacher of the year award
student poster contest
district award for magnet sustainability


get involved

magnets in the news
policy agenda
legislative updates
grassroots action center
research & reports
msap technical assistance center


















download the toolkit 
							celebrate
magnet
schools
in february 
							 










what are magnet schools?
magnet schools are built on the foundation of five pillars and are free public elementary and secondary schools of choice that are operated by school districts or a consortium of districts.
learn more





magnet schools of america
msa is a national nonprofit professional education association that represents and is a resource to magnet schools, parents, teachers, school boards, administrators, business leaders, community organizations and institutions of higher education for its members.
learn more





2025 scholarship application open
msa is hosting a national student scholarship program for magnet high school students enrolled in a member school or program registered for the april 7-10 conference.
learn more





certification cohort open
our national certification program is designed to recognize the most exemplary magnet schools in the nation and to help them as they continue to provide high-quality, innovative instructional programs.

apply now





registration is open for msa 2025
join 1,400+ passionate educators, including magnet school teachers, principals, and administrators from all corners of the country april 7-10, 2025, in nashville for msa 2025!
 
register now









 






donate

msa supports and serves the leaders and teachers of magnet and theme-based schools throughout the country. msa represents 4.340 magnet schools and nearly 3.5 million students.
become a supporter of magnet schools of america by donating today! donations support scholarships to students awarded at msa’s annual conference.

kmsauto.icu
donate 









learn how to become a nationally certified magnet school
raise the level of performance consistent throughout school districts nationwide and creates a platform from which all magnet schools can flourish. magnet schools of america’s national certification process is designed to recognize the hard work of the best magnet schools in the nation and to help them as they grow.



 more info!








quick linksmember benefits
national certification
legislative and policy updates



conference linksmsa 2025



site search











 







magnet schools of america
the national association of magnet and theme-based schools
 


















home
privacy
site map
sign in


 copyright  © 2013-2024 magnet schools of america. all rights reserved.





translate »













