














	vista physical therapy | physical therapy in texas




















































unlock your potential: explore our fulfilling roles in physical therapy!


skip to main content

physical rehabilitation network

















careers
our culture
professional growth
residency & fellowship
clinical pathways
student experiences


job openings


partnerships
hospital joint ventures
msa solutions
senior living care
worksite health
aco solutions
workers' comp
private practice
urgent care


brands
locations
about
who we are
leadership
diversity
news & updates
blog


contact









search

search site







vista physical therapy


browse our care solutions



                                      overview
                                  



                                      schedule an appointment
                                  



                                      locations
                                  



                                      services
                                  



                                      careers
                                  








    vista physical therapy

 proudly serving communities across the dallas-fort worth metroplex

    vista physical therapy is a network of outpatient orthopedic clinics located in the dallas-fort worth metroplex. we provide orthopedic physical therapy for extremities, spine, and sports rehabilitation to patients of all ages, ranging from the non-athlete, weekend warrior and elite athlete. our philosophy of early intervention through a hands-on approach is designed to return to full potential, as soon and safely as possible, so they can return to doing the things they love.


call us at (469) 676-2806 to schedule an appointment at one of our convenient locations.











                    how can we help?
                        

                            physical therapy can help treat a variety of individual needs from injury recovery, to increasing mobility, functionality and more. 
                        

learn the benefits











                    what to expect
                        

                            our goal is to make sure patients know what to expect at their first evaluation and/or physical therapy appointment? 
                        

find out more
















                    how can we help?
                        

                            physical therapy can help treat a variety of individual needs from injury recovery, to increasing mobility, functionality and more. 
                        

learn the benefits











                    what to expect
                        

                            our goal is to make sure patients know what to expect at their first evaluation and/or physical therapy appointment? 
                        

find out more









                schedule an appointment
            

                we are currently accepting new patients and are proud to offer both in-person and telehealth appointments to fit your needs and comfort-level. to request an appointment, click the button below!
            

get started!


















                find a location
            

we invite you to visit one of our convenient clinic locations for an appointment or evaluation by one of our expert physical therapists. they will help develop a treatment program specific to your needs so you can begin achieving your optimal health, wellness and recovery goals. we look forward to working with you!
            

browse our clinics












                    accepted insurance
                

                    we proudly accept health plans from most insurance carriers. prior to your first visit, our coverage verification process will ensure everything is taken care of for you.
                

                     
                






                    billing
                

we’re committed to ensuring the billing process is as pain-free as possible. our team will work with you to ensure your care is affordable so you can return to doing the things you love.
                

                     
                






“i was referred to vista directly because of their experience with athletes. i love high impact workouts and was a dancer for 20 years. i’m recovering from a right ankle syndesmosis and modified brostrom reconstruction. everyone has been great! i feel like everyone there is genuinely on my team, congratulating me on the big and small achievements, and is helping me work towards the goals we've set for myself together. big fan of josh and the whole vista team!”
    

alexis m.




blog










rock climbing challenges the body and mind like few other sports


                  rock climbing is more than reaching new heights and witnessing beautiful views, says dallas-area physical therapist snezhana rudakova. it is also an entire body workout with foundational benefits for both the body and mind. 
                

read more about rock climbing challenges the body and mind like few other sports











view all posts






vista physical therapy social feed
 










copyright © 2025, prn. all rights reserved
privacy policy / terms of use / media inquiries / cigna mrf / do not sell my personal info




















































































schedule


find a location


8009294776




















