

blaze's tribute equine rescue




















blaze's tribute equine rescue, inc., located in harrah, oklahoma, is a non-profit 501(c)3 organization that strives to improve the lives of neglected, starved and abused horses. we provide equine rescue regardless of age or disability. we provide rehabilitation, education and adoption services. we promote and teach horse care and humane, natural methods for training horses.  our primary focus is animal cruelty cases. we work closely with the oklahoma city animal welfare division and the oklahoma county sheriff's office with their equine related animal cruelty cases. we also assist any other local/rural county sheriff's office who request our assistance.








available horses


adoption contract


adopted horses


how we operate


rudy's story


the elvis fund


about us


our family


thank you


board members









                        since december 2001, we've rescued 1,965 horses. one thousand and six hundred and fifteen have been adopted. you can see the remaining horses, available for adoption, on our rescued horses page.
                        

if you're interested in adopting a horse, please visit our adoption contract page.  the rehabilitation process can take a long time, but it's best to go ahead and submit your application, as qualified adopters will be chosen on a first come, first served basis.  please call/text or email to schedule an appointment to visit the horses currently available in our rescue program. we are generally available by appointment monday thru sunday, by appointment only.  please be patient with us and we will return your call/email as soon as possible. 



























donations



 blaze's tribute equine rescue depends upon the generosity of others to accomplish our goals. not only do we depend on you – our horses do as well. we accept both cash donations and item donations consisting of hay, grain, or any supplies directed to horse care. all donations are tax deductible.
                

donations and adoptions are low at this time, please help support our rescued horses by donating today.  we are currently caring for 143 horses in our program.


                    to send donations via mail, please mail to: 
please note our mailing address has changed


blaze's tribute equine rescue
                         p.o. box 670
                         jones, oklahoma 73049

our physical location has changed:

blaze's tribute equine rescue, inc.
21701 east britton road
harrah, oklahoma  73045 




                    for your convenience you may also donate using paypal:
                    










here are other ways to donate:  you can contact our veterinarian directly and apply a payment to our account at:  oklahoma city equine clinic at 405-843-1099.

we also have an account through vanguard and edward jones and can accept donations of stock or mutual funds.

you can text us at 405-399-3084 and schedule an appointment to come visit and make your donation in person or by credit card over the phone!

or you can donate via venmo @blazestribute-equinerescue 






























                    e-mail us at (remove spaces)
                    
blazesequineresc @ aol.com
 or call/text:
                    
405-399-3084








we would like to extend a special thank you to our veterinarian dr. amanda wilson, oklahoma city equine clinic for all your hard work and dedication to our rescued horses.  dr. wilson always goes over and beyond what we could ever ask for.  she has been an amazing supporter and advocate for our rescued equines.  we simply can't thank dr. wilson enough for all she has done and continues to do for our rescued horses.  thank you!!!!!


oklahoma city equine clinic











 support our shelter!
                     buy frontline plus today!
                

                    support blaze's tribute equine rescue! please buy horse supplies and joint meds from 1800petmeds today and our rescue gets a donation!
                    
 petmeds  also has great information on west nile virus.
















 








 available horses    
                         adoption contract    
                         adopted horses    
                         in memory    
                         about us    
                         our family    
                         links










