

mark davis trucking, we deliver crushed stone, sand, hot mix, dirt, and mulch















410 hwy 149   |   clarksville, tn   |   931-645-4455
     



serving middle tennessee and southern kentucky



we are a clarksville, tn. based company specializing in dump truckingwe are also a fmcsa licensed contract carrier with our own operating authority.
which means we can transport our products across state 
lines













mouseover to pause




   driveways
new service

driveway stabilization
we have added a new service that we are providing to our customers.
we call it driveway stabilization.
if your drive is washing away we can divert the water, apply crushed stone, grade and compact the stone.
call mark for more information.
931-645-4455




tennessee
 tn home page
 tn road conditions

kentucky
 ky motor carriers
 ky road conditions

federal goverment
 ft campbell
 fmcsa

montgomerycounty
county hwy. dept.
 county home page
 early clarksville pic.

dicksoncounty
 county sheriff's dept
 city of dickson
 great county site

cumberlandfurnace
 my home town

applications
 credit application   
 credit application    

we accept the following
 







contractorsneed a dump truckwe have rentals by the hour,day,week,job, or contract.driver included.

need a backhoewe will quote you a price by the hour or job.we dig footers, water lines,and sewer lines

asphalt patchingwe now  do asphalt patching.call mark for a quote more info to come.




 find truck loadsfreightfinder.comfast and free.


cdl
practice test
sample test






stone
we have stone in all shapes and sizes.here you can find out what grades we have and the gradation of each grade. the stone calculator will give you an estimate of how much you will need.



hot mix
our hot mix is designed by a tdot certified lab tech. we have all grades of hot mix to chose from. we have hot mix and tack oil calculators to help you estimate your next paving job. and a gradation chart to help you with your selection



sand
we have sand for every thing fromconcrete plants to swimming pools. take a look at our sand products and sand calculator and we also have a sand gradation chart.



mulch
we have mulch in three different colors, as well as treated mulch. 
and oh yes, we even have a mulch calculator.



dirt
we have good rich topsoil and red clay fill dirt.we also offer screened top soil.so no rocks, roots, or clods. and you guessed it, a dirt calculator.



now that you have all these products what else could you need?
i know!you will need it spread out and level down. we can even do that,
as well as any other kind of backhoe work you may need.



if you need a  price quote or have a question about any of our products or services please contact us.

by e-mail
 or by phone (931)-645-4455








stone |
hot mix |
sand |
mulch |
dirt

























more local online newspapers






more of marks videos



















the web 
mark davis trucking










