



welcome to reid's heritage homes | building bungalows, townhomes and condominiums in ontario






















 





































search reid's heritage homes
×

search reid's heritage homes

search




        skip to content
    





 
700 jamieson parkway unit 103
cambridge
on
n3c 4n6
ca




(519) 658-6656






facebook
twitter
instagram
linkedin
youtube

open search box







 






about

our company
our heritage behaviours
our team
why we're different
feature videos
previous communities
selling your land


customer experience

our customer experience
resources blog
construction updates
meet the customer experience team
what our customers are saying
virtual design studio
rhh discovery centre, cambridge


communities

our communities
rhh discovery centre, cambridge
quick move in homes
lackner ridge, kitchener
lackner ridge townhomes, kitchener
modal at main, cambridge
cobble beach, owen sound
poet & perth, stratford
argyle village, guelph
the block on clair, guelph
august condominiums - port elgin
royal windsor, collingwood
reverie townhomes, collingwood
previous communities


news & events

home warranty

new home warranty care
meet the warranty care team


careers

contact










we’ve moved! our new office is located at 700 jamieson parkway, unit 103 in cambridge. questions? contact us


















register now
a selection of spacious and modern townhomes in guelph register now













now selling
spacious and modern townhomes in stratford
register now













now selling
urban townhomes in cambridge, featuring both urban and sophisticated designs
register now









 







 

over 45 years of people keeping promises reid’s heritage homes has a long history of designing and building award winning communities and high-quality homes; ranging from single-storey bungalows to two-storey townhomes and multi-level condominiums. as one of canada's best employers, we have an equally long history of cultivating a positive company culture designed to support each customer through their home buying experience. our heritage beliefs of kindness, respect and compassion guide our customer experience and shape the promises only people who care can keep. our company






 









we care about you
purchasing and moving into a new home can be a very exciting life experience.  it can also be full of details and uncertainties.  we are committed to making the experience positive and memorable by guiding you through the process.  you can expect to be listened to and always be receiving communications.  that’s a promise.
our corporate culture









 











our communities matter
reid's heritage homes believes that the communities we build are important.  they offer new friendships and bonds. they are also an extension of our internal reid’s heritage homes community. that’s why we strive to make the home buying experience the first positive and welcoming steps into your new community.  we also put innovation and sustainability at the forefront of our mandate. our attention to detail and quality ensures that you will happily stay in your new community for years to come. 
why we're different





 







guelph, ontario
urban townhomes.










register now







guelph, ontario
urban stacked and rear lane garage townhomes.










register now







stratford, ontario
urban townhomes with modern and traditional designs.









register now




 





need after hours service?
we know sometimes things happen at the worst time, but our new home warranty care department has got you covered, no matter the hour. 
after hours services


 







stay informed
fill out the form to register with reid's heritage homes for information on new properties, neighbourhoods and other news.







      complete name              *








      email address              *








    spam blocker         





























 




facebook
twitter
instagram
linkedin
youtube

privacy policy  |  login
copyright © 2025. all rights reserved.managed with tymbrel

























