



atlanta center for aesthetic vaginal surgery | atlanta labiaplasty and vaginal rejuvenation | lvratlanta.com






















atlanta center for aesthetic vaginal surgery



home
doctors


dr. john miklos
dr. robert moore



vaginal rejuvenation overview
diagnosis  & procedures


labiaplasty
labia minora reduction
vaginal rejuvenation (tightening)
lateral redundant prepuce reduction
labia majora reduction
labia revision & restoration
clitoral hood lift
perineoplasty
labia majora convergence
labia majora augmentation
mons pubis reduction
neovagina
hymen restoration
g-spot injections



before & after photos


before and after
vaginal rejuvenation
labiaplasty - labia minora reduction
lateral redundant prepuce
labiaplasty - labia majora reduction
labia revisions and restorations
clitoral hood reduction
mons pubis reduction
labia majora convergence
labia majora augmentation
hymen restoration



testimonials


patient / physician and indsutry testimonials
submit your testimonial



resources & media


books and science papers
magazine articles
radio and tv spots
testimonials
events and pr



patient info


directions
finance and payment options
patient forms
privacy policy
travel
cosmetic vaginal surgery facts
labiaplasty facts
vaginal rejuvenation facts
hospital affiliations

submit a testimonial



labiaplasty nightmares
our sites
contact








 






 

 







“your cosmetic vaginal surgery results areonly as good as your surgeon's talent and artistic skills…”

call now for a confidential consultation with us 678-573-6965


labia surgery
labiaplasty
labia minora reduction
labia majora reduction
clitoral hood reduction


botched labia revision
vaginal rejuvenation
vaginal tigthening
labia majora convergence
labia majora augmentation
perineoplasty


clitoral hood lift
lateral redundant prepuce reduction
hymen restoration
mons pubis reduction
neovagina (vaginal lengthening
g-spot injections


read stories by patients seeking help for botched labiaplasties here

dr. miklos and dr. moore are internationally renowned leaders in vaginal cosmetic surgery



    dr. miklos and dr. moore are featured on
world progress report television





authors on vaginal rejuvenation

dr. miklos and dr. moore were selected to be co-authors secondary to being considered the leading experts in the us in this new and exciting field of vaginal rejuvenation. this is the first book written for women detailing coverage of vaginal rejuvenation.

 

 
 



vaginal cosmetic surgerybefore and after photos
atlanta center for aesthetic vaginal surgery has the best before and after photos
doctors john r. miklos and robert d. moore are award-winning master surgeons who are internationally renowned in the field of urogynecology and reconstructive vaginal surgery. their unprecendented experience and unsurpassed expertise in vaginal rejuvenation has resulted in some of the latest surgical advancements in their field today.
see why vaginal surgery patients come to atlanta, georgia from all over the united states and internationally to have surgery done by dr. miklos and dr. moore. 
click here to see and compare their before & after photos of cosmetic vaginal surgery

recent news

dr. miklos and dr. moore have each received 3 prestigious physician awards for 2012.  castle connolly’s top doctors, america's best doctors in america®,  america's top ob/gyn (read more) - nov 1st
dr. moore had a guest appearance on the new ricki lake show.  click here to read more about it and see photos from after the show -  sept. 14
international urogynecology associates, drs. miklos and moore hit another milestone in july of 2012 as they operate on a patient from their 48th country, nicaragua. read the press release here. - sep 13th
drs. miklos and moore featured in ny times, reuters and csnbc.  this article confirmed their stance on providing a safe and professional environment for women seeking cosmetic vaginal surgery. - aug 25th
dr. moore and dr. miklos perform 4 neovagina surgeries in 3 weeks.  patients traveled to atlanta and california from canada, louisiana, wisconsin and pennsylvania.  read more about dr. moore and dr. miklos' neovagina procedure and mrkh syndrome here. - aug 8th
dr. miklos and dr. moore performed 8 surgeries today.  patients traveled to atlanta from canada, florida (2), wisconsin, maryland and georgia (3). - august 7th
press release: dr. robert d. moore and dr. john r. miklos are awarded the 2011 cooper surgical spotlight award for surgical excellence in laparoscopic urogynecology. - july 19th
dr. miklos and dr. moore operate on a patient from our 48th country (nicaragua). - july 17th
dr. moore and dr. miklos were featured on the season premiere of tlc strange sex.  the episode followed a patient that underwent vaginal rejuvenation surgery and also a hymen restoration.  both procedures were performed by dr. moore and dr. miklos. - july 15th
video testimonial from cayman islands ob/gyn, dr. barry richter (click here to view) - july 10th
congratulations to dr. john miklos, 2012 atlanta's top doctor (8th year recognition). - july 1st
dr. moore traveled to colombia as an international guest lecturer and surgeon.  he traveled to 3 different cities in 4 days.  he performed 3 days of live surgeries and led a urogynecology symposium that discussed minimally invasive treatment options for prolapse and incontinence, as well as the fda notice and how to treat and avoid mesh complications.  - june 29th
june 2012 marks a milestone for international urogynecology associates as dr. robert d. moore and dr. john r. miklos perform their 24th neovagina surgery in 24 months (click here to read more) - june 19th
dr. miklos and dr. moore have written the largest published series in the world on postoperative cosmetic expectations for patients considering labiaplasty surgery.  this series was based on 550 patients of dr. miklos and dr. moore.  article to be released in the 2012 december publication of surgical technology  - may 30th
dr. miklos was featured on wellness for the real world with dr.   veronica last night. dr. miklos discussed what a cosmetic vaginal   surgeon is, what types of procedures are included in cosmetic vaginal   surgery and more. click  here to hear the show – may 21st
dr. moore travels to warsaw, poland as an international guest lecturer at the 2nd international medical congress ~ woman and man. reproductive and sexual health.  dr. moore discussed “vaginal reconstruction and rejuvenation surgery: is there data to support improved sexual function?” – april 13th
dr. miklos interview with modern medicine, "labiaplasty complication may result from cookie-cutter approach" – august 1, 2011


click here to recommend us on google!   







 
uterine preservation
for more about uterine prolapse (sacral colpopexy, hysteropexy





neovagina surgeons
for more about uterine prolapse (sacral colpopexy, hysteropexy



the world's largest site for reconstructive 
    vaginal surgery
visit www.miklosandmoore.com

 vaginal mesh complicationsfor more info about vaginal mesh complications and how we can help 
 vesicovaginal fistulasfor more about fistula repair and fistula surgery 









