


 













axyys, inc. - a web development powerhouse agency


 



loading...











 about 
 case studies 
 capabilities 
 contact 







toggle theme




 dark
                



 light
                



 auto
                





start a spin










close

about

                  case studies
                

                  capabilities
                

                  contact
                











it's your




that defines our axis.

let's connect
discover more


















team augmentation
temporary external staff for immediate skill gaps and project needs. high
                  flexibility. cost-effective for short-term projects.
 inquire more 







recruit-to-fit
tailored selection process, branded working environment, higher retention.
                  cost-effective for organizations looking to grow and evolve their teams.
 inquire more 







managed services
entire services and functions are outsourced for efficiency and expertise.
                  cost-effective for ongoing, long-term engagements.
 inquire more 















money makes the world go round, but…
innovation keeps the world spinning.
since 2012, axyys, inc. has been empowering fortune 500 companies who require world class
                experiences for high performance ecommerce applications.
our contributions led to sustainable, multi-billion dollar profits and growth. from ground-up
                application and infrastructure managed-service solutions to augmenting teams, we know what it takes to
                setup projects for success and putting together teams dedicated to the definition of done.









12
certifications









1.7 weeks
onboarding time









46
technologies









94.8 %

retention
























micro frontends
leveraging the framework that simplifies code management to accelerate
                    feature speed-to-market.









design systems
interlaced brand guidelines with direct, plug-and-play components and
                    patterns for efficient app development.





inbox



calendar












progressive web apps
one codebase for all — faster load times, offline functionality, and
                    native app-like features.






what goes around comes around, and… 
together, we create cycles of success.
 with the technical know-how, comprehensive and industry leading tooling, and
                creative licenses,
axyys exists to deliver what is arguably the most important piece of any application tech stack —
                the piece that is tangible — the piece that users first see and the piece that they long to
                experience again — the frontend. through progress over perfection, we have built and scaled
                complex user experiences to organizations with expectations for elevating brand value. 

























client successes through…
pivotal tech transformations.
discover how our cutting-edge technical solutions have been pivotal in catapulting
            our clients to new heights of success. from boosting efficiency to driving innovation, each case study
            showcases the transformative power of our tailored tech strategies.






papa johns



tropical smoothie cafe



bloomin' brands



go gear direct



at&t business








front-end modernization

                      conducted an audit the papa johns website to identify areas for improvement. transformed
                      a monolith, backend application to a modern tech stack driven by a single page architecture
                      application framework. state management, application design, code coverage, best practices/code
                      efficiency, image optimization, oversight by measuring against web core vitals, a compatible
                      design system and a powerful suite of developer tools and techniques culminated to the success of
                      the transformation. the result ensured a seamless and fast user experience across all devices.
                    
a/b testing implementation

                      integrated a sophisticated a/b testing platform, enabling papa johns to test various elements of
                      their website, from cta buttons to page layouts and personalized content.
                      provided training, support, and real time development to the papa johns development team, ensuring
                      they could independently run tests, analyze results, and implement data-driven decisions.
                    
incident triage and production support
served as first responders to production incidents in the papa johns ecosystem. our level of
                      skill, expertise, and knowledge has helped remediate issues during peak sales hours many times
                      over, allowing papa johns to get the business back to baseline.




kpi dashboard & analytics instrumentation

                      evaluated for data and event accuracy across tropical smoothie cafe's entire web presence, comprising of a multitude of third-party platforms across different hosts and subdomains.  comprehensively revamped google analytics and google tag manager event instrumentation, improving kpi and event accuracy from 22% to >95%, allowing tropical smoothie cafe to build insights with confidence.  created kpi dashboard via google looker studio with complex blended source data for interactive, daily reporting.
                    
accessibility compliance
remediated web properties for wcag 2.x aa compliance level standards and produced a repeatable procedure document, empowering tropical smoothie cafe and its internal development teams to maintain a11y coverage for every web app iteration release.
rapid prototyping & seamless multi-platform feature development
implemented various consumer experience feature enhancements, including auto-store assignment based on usps cass-compliant-validated delivery address entries between main site and ecommerce platform, yielding tropical smoothie cafe an increase in web conversion rates during the covid 19 pandemic era.
user provisioning platform
implemented a robust, from-the-ground-up custom solution for registering and maintaining tens of thousands of internal tropical smoothie cafe employees across various third-party platforms including a learning management system all while managing roles and associated cafe locations, enabling the organization to save internal operation and management costs.




outback steakhouse, carraba's italian grill & bonefish grill
transformed existing tech stacks to single page applications driven by angular, enabling bloomin' brands marketing team to continue introducing features timely by tactically and progressively adopting the new technology section by section.  by adopting the same organization-approved tech stack, sharing common ui patterns improved speed to market, application stability, device compatibility and accessibility compliance.  the applications were designed to utilize cms-aware components, preventing surprise layout-breaking changes by site moderators.
dine rewards program
developed a single page application debuting bloomin' brands' new loyalty program complete with user account provisioning and, most uniquely, allowing for redeeming of missing points by submitting their receipt information.  bloomin' brands significantly reduced customer service and other internal operation costs due to the availability of dinerewards.com.




complete ecommerce storefront solution & support
implemented a sophisticated storefront experience after evaluating competing ecommerce platforms, enabling go gear direct to offer thousands of products, ranging from simple to bundle/configurable and organized across a complex taxonomy.  from the ground up, the multi-environment infrastructure was setup to allow for isolation and replicability, enabling qa and go gear direct's stakeholders to validate features before releasing to the public. feature highlights include fulfillment and email platform integrations, third party and custom extensions, a bespoke theme, multi coupon support, affiliate product feeds and integration with google merchant, global form security via recaptcha, custom product attribute exporting, frontend optimizations such as lazy loading images, most viewed products, blog, social login, and alternative payment options such as sezzle pay.  furthermore, ongoing support for catalog and product management, curation of ads for google ads, google merchant center maintenance, and digital strategy consultation was provided. go gear direct has benefited from a stable, reliable and extensible ecommerce solution, serving as a launchpad for a growing digital business.




application remediation & enhancements
in our collaboration with at&t on the business circle project, axyys, inc. made significant contributions to enhance the platform's functionality and user experience. we began with a comprehensive audit of the frontend code, identifying areas for improvement and refactoring it to ensure compliance with twitter bootstrap and industry best practices. our team undertook extensive a11y remediation to achieve wcag 2 aa compliance, making the platform more accessible to all users. on the backend, we implemented performance enhancements and remediation measures to ensure a robust and efficient system. additionally, we provided ongoing support to maintain stability and promptly address any bugs, ensuring a seamless and reliable experience for all users.
















capabilities that spin the wheel of progress.
at axyys, inc., we are the driving force behind enterprise evolution
 where each innovation and strategic insight propels businesses forward. specializing in transformative
                e-commerce solutions and pioneering digital strategies, we empower our clients to navigate the
                ever-changing landscape of success with confidence.







digital strategy & consulting


                      digital maturity assessments
                    

                      digital transformation roadmaps
                    

                      guidance on tech adoption and integration
                    






technology solutions


                      enterprise software solution integrations (erp, crm, etc)
                    

                      data analytics & business intelligence services to drive decision making
                    






customer experience (cx) enhancements


                      omnichannel customer experiences design and implementation
                    

                      ai-powered personalized customer interactions
                    

                      mobile and web app development with user centered design
                    






cybersecurity


                      protection from web skimming, form-jacking and magecart attacks
                    














centrifugal forces
an abridged collection of technologies we work with:





typescript



sass



javascript



html5



gulp.js



css3



angular



react



ab tasty



d3.js



webpack



google cloud



amazon web services



php



node.js



java



microsoft .net



statsd



graphite



grafana



google analytics



google tag manager



varnish cache



rabbitmq



mysql



memcached



elasticsearch



apache http



progress sitefinity



wordpress



adobe magento



craftercms



drupal



atlassian jira



atlassian confluence



atlassian bitbucket



adobe photoshop



adobe illustrator



gimp



fontforge



figma



adobe acrobat













join as partner


join forces with axyys, inc. to create cutting-edge digital solutions and expand your business reach. partner with us to leverage our expertise and drive mutual growth in the ever-evolving tech landscape.





join as team member


are you a passionate professional looking to make an impact in the web app development world? join our dynamic team to work on exciting projects, grow your skills, and shape the future of digital solutions with a group of like-minded professionals.










ready to get started?
let's create a point of rotation now 










email address




full name






inquiry





rest assured, any information you provide in this form will be kept completely secure and confidential, as we prioritize your privacy and do not share your details with anyone.



submit request


something went wrong, please try again later.





inquiry submitted.
we will be in touch within 24 business hours.















axyys, inc., a web development powerhouse excelling in producing highly optimized, broadly compatible,
            reliably functional, aesthetically immersive and technically sound products, where you can expect full
            transparency and security throughout project development/support, where you won't be required to commit to
            large deposits and other unethical billing practices, and where risk is reduced with the experience and
            technical know-how that's used to drive project success.



about
case studies
capabilities
contact






© 2024 axyys, inc. all rights reserved
          

















