


frank rao | artist | murals | sculpture | 
































  




home
about

bio
clients
press


 galleries

murals

commercial
residential
children
 furniture & cabinetry
faux finishes
sculpted masonry
canvas & custom art


testimonials
contact












 
holiday inn express lobby-cocoa beach, fl

 
pirates dinner adventure-orlando, fl 
 
custom art

 
custom art
  sculpted simulated brick home exterior
  sculpted simulated stone home exterior












murals • furniture • faux

frank creates murals that will transform any space into another time or place. his artistic style calms and soothes the soul. he can also turn an ordinary piece of furniture into an artistic masterpiece or update your kitchen or bath with faux finished walnut wood cabinets and granite countertops. add a trompe l'oeil (trick the eye) scenescape and create a room  everyone will be talking about for years to come.  
visit gallery





sculpted   masonry

frank has developed a technique of sculpting faux  masonry that looks and feels exactly like real brick or stone. any home exterior, fire place or backsplash can be created to look like your favorite stone or brick finish. it can be done in less time, materials and cost. look at some of this simulated masonry and read the testimonials. frank can create a new look to any indoor or outdoor area.
visit gallery





canvas & custom art 

frank is often commissioned by clients that would like custom artwork. he can recreate your favorite piece of art , paint portraits, animals, or beloved pets. anything you can imagine, he can bring to life. he has an extensive client list and his murals and artwork can bee seen all over the world. frank will work closely with you and is ready to travel to any destination for any commercial or residential work of art.
visit gallery










benvenuti!







frank (francesco) rao is an award-winning third generation artist from new york city. frank's father and grandfather were both well respected and accomplished artists and scupltors with their roots beginning in naples, italy. a career of over thirty five years has afforded frank the pleasure to work with countless celebrities, organizations, businesses and individual clients requesting his realistic murals and artwork.

frank's artwork is widely recognized and can be seen world wide. visit the galleries page for samples of his breathtaking artwork and take some time to read some of his testimonials. frank has been highlighted in numerous newspapers and magazine publications which can be found  on his press page.
frank currently resides with his wife cindy on florida's space coast and is commissioned to travel all over the world for clients requesting his artistic style.
ciao!









consultation
schedule a consultation with frank by filling out the short form on our contact page, by email frank@muralsbyfrank.com or by phone at
321.795.5449 • 321.383.9077.
 contact frank


instructional dvd

             frank   rao teaches his painting   techniques step-by-step  in his  master muralist beginner dvd. frank shares his vast knowledge and expertise so you  can   paint your own mural masterpieces.

             the beginner dvd gives you everything you need to get started.










 paintings for purchase

    click here to find frank on etsy.




clients

  





    pirate's dinner adventure  
    gatorland orlando  
    rockledge medical center  
    la bella spa  
    holiday inn express  
    villa pizza  
    tommy hilfiger  
    historic cocoa village  
    stonebridge country club  












facebook feed




partners & friends gatorland orlando
pirate's dinner adventure
valentino's new york style pizza
nawrocki dental
holiday inn express cocoa beach
symetrics industries
historic  cocoa village
bank of america cocoa fl 
days inn
la bella spa 
villa pizza 
area rugs direct, llc
it's your home 
east brook gardens
stonebridge country club
 
       tampa tribune
the orlando sentinel




contact
frank rao
telephone: +1-321-795-5449 
telephone: 321-383-9077 
e-mail: frank@muralsbyfrank.com
call or email frank for a consultation.  he is always eager to discuss any project,   answer  questions, guide you in the right direction, and work closely with you to achieve your desired design.





 



home
privacy policy
site map



© copyright  | frank rao - all rights reserved. | website by magicsitedesign
| 
frank rao: frankraoart.com





 



