






center for research on concepts and cognition: indiana university bloomington
























 









people



 
								
cogs

 iub
























the center for research on concepts and cognition










crcc home


research

overview
parallel terraced scan
microdomains
      letter analogies
      gridfonts
      bongard problems
projects and tracks
      copycat
      metacat
      letter spirit



publications


people


links


fcca: the book


contact










						the center for research on concepts and cognition (aka the fluid analogies
						research group, or simply farg) is an
						interdisciplinary center for research in cognitive science, directed
						by douglas
						hofstadter.  crcc is affiliated with the
						cognitive science program at
						iu, and has close ties with the
						computer science department.
						crcc research focuses mainly on
						emergent computational models of creative analogical thinking and its
						subcognitive substrate -- namely, fluid concepts. 
						several computer
						programs modeling the interplay between concepts and perception in the
						course of analogy-making have been developed; these include the copycat and
						tabletop programs.  the letter spirit project,
						modeling the perception and creation of style in
						the world of letterforms, has now resulted in a letter spirit program capable
						of designing and evaluating gridfonts.
the group also conducts research (mostly non-computational) in a
						number of other areas of cognitive science, including error-making,
						creative translation, scientific discovery, musical composition, the
						comprehension and invention of jokes, the nature of sexist language
						and default imagery, philosophy of mind, and foundations of artificial
						intelligence.
						to get more of an idea of what it is that crcc does, you can explore our research topic pages.
						when you want more detail, you can read our publications, explore
						the many links to the home pages of fargonauts past and present, or buy the book.
								douglas hofstadter's many interests are described at:
								http://prelectur.stanford.edu/lecturers/hofstadter/


recent events


								september, 2010:  douglas hofstadter elected a distinguished fellow of the cognitive science society.
							

								may, 2010:  douglas hofstadter elected a foreign member of the royal society of sciences at uppsala in its class for physics and mathematics ('fysisk-matematiska klassen').  the royal society of sciences at uppsala was founded in 1710.
							

								april, 2009:  douglas hofstadter elected to the american philosophical society.
							

								april, 2009:  douglas hofstadter elected to the american academy of arts and sciences.
							

								april, 2008:  douglas hofstadter wins the 2007  los angeles times book prize for best science & technology book for his book i am a strange loop.
							


courses
2009 fall course offering:
						      eugene onegin, pushkin's paradoxical gem

2010 fall course offerings:
						      insight and invention in geometry

						      	ambigrams and the mechanisms of creativity



 










indiana university |
					iu bloomington |
					college of arts and sciences |
					cognitive science program 
copyright
					© 2010 the trustees of indiana university |
					copyright complaints |
					privacy notice







