





home | city of okeechobee



























feb
18


					80° — partly sunny









search












homegovernmentagendasminutescity councilboards & committeescity attorneycity historycity affiliationscity holidayspublic noticestate of floridacity election informationflagler parkdepartmentsadministrationbuilding & permittingcity clerkcode enforcementfinancefire servicesgeneral serviceshuman resourcesplanning & zoningpolice departmentpublic worksservicesreport a problememergency servicespublic recordsparks & recreationpermits & inspectionspublic safetysolid wastetransportationwater & sewerresidentsliving in okeechobeecalendarspecial eventscommunity linksgovernment serviceswhat's happening in the citybusinessbusiness taxcontracting opportunitiestax collectorbusiness directoryplanning & zoningvisitorsabout okeechobeethe lakedining & shoppingmedical / hospitalparks & recreationwhat's happening in the cityresourcescity formscommunity linksemployment opportunitiesfrequently asked questionscity administrator community updateslocal mapsstaff directoryvolunteer opportunitiespublic recordscontact




menu






homegovernmentagendasminutescity councilboards & committeescity attorneycity historycity affiliationscity holidayspublic noticestate of floridacity election informationflagler parkdepartmentsadministrationbuilding & permittingcity clerkcode enforcementfinancefire servicesgeneral serviceshuman resourcesplanning & zoningpolice departmentpublic worksservicesreport a problememergency servicespublic recordsparks & recreationpermits & inspectionspublic safetysolid wastetransportationwater & sewerresidentsliving in okeechobeecalendarspecial eventscommunity linksgovernment serviceswhat's happening in the citybusinessbusiness taxcontracting opportunitiestax collectorbusiness directoryplanning & zoningvisitorsabout okeechobeethe lakedining & shoppingmedical / hospitalparks & recreationwhat's happening in the cityresourcescity formscommunity linksemployment opportunitiesfrequently asked questionscity administrator community updateslocal mapsstaff directoryvolunteer opportunitiespublic recordscontact






 





more info
important news:  
regular city council meeting on february 18, 2025 at 6:00 pm   ..................   
 







february 2025

smtwtfs 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728 
view full calendar




upcoming events
next event



city council meetingfebruary 18, 2025 at 06:00pmtechnical review committee meetingfebruary 20, 2025 at 10:00amcity council meetingmarch 4, 2025 at 06:00pmcode enforcement special magistrate meetingmarch 11, 2025 at 06:00pmcity council meetingmarch 18, 2025 at 06:00pmtechnical review committee meetingmarch 20, 2025 at 10:00amplanning board meetingmarch 20, 2025 at 06:00pmboard of adjustments meetingmarch 20, 2025 at 06:00pm 

view all special events




announcement
buildable lots available


the city of okeechobee commerce park is mid-state, near the crossroads of hwy 441 and hwy 70

view video




city update



a note from gary








welcome to the city of okeechobee
if you’re looking for a friendly, rural, small town community with a forward-thinking attitude, you'll feel right at home here in okeechobee!
while we have a number of exciting business and industrial success stories, it's hard to beat early morning fishing on lake okeechobee. whether it's landing a trophy fish or just the relaxing view of a variety of florida's wildlife in their natural habitat waking up to a cool sunrise breeze, you'll fall in love with okeechobee.  in contrast, there's the excitement of a number of nationally sanctioned professional bass fishing tournaments. 
okeechobee is known as the "speckled perch capital of the world" so it is only fitting that we hold an annual event in honor of this title. the speckled perch festival, sponsored by the okeechobee main street, is our largest festival of the year and is held in march. each year this downtown event attracts thousands of out of town visitors and locals alike. it's kicked off by a parade that wraps around flagler park. hundreds of craft and food vendors are scattered about, the most popular being the seminole booths with their colorful jackets and crafts for sale as well as their delicious pumpkin bread. there's also the okeechobee cattlemen's rodeo and the okeechobee county fair going on at the agri-center.
we have a vibrant business district, but as our okeechobee main street logo states we have 'old values and new visions'.  on the 4th saturday in july we have the day of the cowboy event, which includes a cattle drive through our town.  yes, we do things like that in okeechobee! 
our location makes okeechobee the gateway to south florida with convenient access to both coasts and all of central florida. (locate okeechobee) commercial and industrial concerns have found that okeechobee is the place you want to be and along with the chamber of commerce of okeechobee county we've taken an aggressive attitude toward seeking new businesses in our two local industrial parks.
we could go on about all the amenities we have to offer, but we want to invite you to visit our town and discover it for yourself.  we think you'll find that our community prides itself most on the hospitality of its residents.






our history


things to do


maps




emergency services




tourism



today's forecast
80°
5-day forcast



parks & recreation









city hall55 se 3rd avenueokeechobee, fl 34974



863-763-3372 (phone)
					863-763-1686 (fax)
info {where} cityofokeechobee {ext} com


employee portal









			copyright © 2025 city of okeechobee, fl		

ada compliance notice
			our website is currently under renovation to review and ensure accessibility by any disabled individuals.  if you encounter any feature that is inaccessible and would like assistance please call: 863 763-9816
		






