

 

















veterinarian in antioch, ca | ark pet hospital














































 
















 (925) 755-9426


 2723 hillcrest ave, antioch, ca 94531  










menu

home
about

our team
blog
services


new clients

faq
intake form
testimonials
resources


appointments
refill request form
home delivery
emergency
contact
 












we welcome new clients
request an appointment today!




call us: (925) 755-9426
get directions
request an appointment













 about us 





 appointments 









welcome to ark pet hospital
welcome to the ark pet hospital, where providing quality care for your pet remains not only our top priority but our promise. our expert veterinary staff and highly-qualified doctors are committed to keeping your pets healthy and happy for a very long time.
with advanced digital technology, we are able to delivery faster diagnosis and treatment for your four-legged friends. with a pharmacy located onsite, the ark pet hospital makes caring for your pets stress-free and convenient so you and your pet can make it back home in no time.
visit us at the ark pet hospital and experience state of the art medicine combined with old-fashioned compassion.









your veterinarian in antioch, ca



 dental care 
read more





 surgery 
read more





 x-ray 
read more





 ultrasound 
read more








new clients
at ark pet hospital, you can expect state of the art medical care for your pet. we believe in nurturing the human-pet bond and creating a harmonious relationship between people and pets. you can expect to be greeted by a courteous receptionist, clean exam rooms, friendly doctors, and caring technicians. we appreciate the role we get to play in your pets’ health care.
if you have any questions or comments about how we can care for your pet, please contact us today at (925) 755-9426.










 testimonials 



 












		                        			i've had great experiences both visits with my dog pickle, they are doing curbside service due to the virus situation, their staff member hannah has...  read more  

rob g.













		                        			they are always friendly and caring. they have always shown great compassion when dealing with an ill or dying furry friend. i highly recommend ark...  read more  

janet t.













		                        			ark pet hospital, dr. lori hageman, dr. don schlange, and their awesome staff have been caring for our fur kids for a lot of years. the staff are...  read more  

robin m.







rob g.i've had great experiences both visits with my dog pickle, they are doing curbside service due to the virus situation, their staff member hannah has handled getting pickle out of my truck, her love and care for animals is very obvious and definitely puts me at ease knowing my dog is in good caring hands! 

janet t.they are always friendly and caring. they have always shown great compassion when dealing with an ill or dying furry friend. i highly recommend ark for the care and well being of your pet. 

robin m.ark pet hospital, dr. lori hageman, dr. don schlange, and their awesome staff have been caring for our fur kids for a lot of years. the staff are always caring, friendly, and professional. we've visited many veteranarian services over the 23 years we've been in the east bay, and ark pet hospital is the absolute best, hands down. 



 our location 
 








ark pet hospital

   2723 hillcrest ave  antioch, ca 94531  


  (925) 755-9426 


                                follow us:
                                                                                                        













 get in touch 



name*phone*email*

messageemailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 

















sitemap | 
                        accessibility | 
                        website by doctor multimedia 





  call us   e-mail us 


























skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset










