










102.9 the hog -

















































































listen live



search




facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
email
sms
tunein
iphone

android






















listen
                                    live












































































































































































































































































































































home
media

listen live
recently played
get the tunein app
pigture galleries


bob & brian

podcasts
the bob & brian binge
don’t click here
who is tim murray?
bob & brian cds
b&b facebook


borna & mandy

stuff you should check out
borna & mandy’s ghoul pool
the hog’s dog
podcasts
borna
mandy


on air

bob & brian
mindy novotny
borna & mandy
lou brutus
eddie trunk
schedule


concerts/events

concerts
events
cream city cravings
community


contests
news

music
sports
showbiz
lifestyle
local
national
weather


contact

about us
the squeal
text club
facebook
twitter
instaham
youtube
tiktok
cream city cravings
salute the troops
focus on milwaukee
advertise
jobs
internships


 



 
















 get your tickets now! 



 tell the boys your story! 



 tickets on sale now!  



 take the quiz to win!  



 on sale now 










 next on air

till death punch do us part. plus, tix to the greater milw intl car & truck show, geoff tate, milw admirals and beers & brats from old german beer hall

 





 next on air

back monday morning:
*travel horror stories*tim murray on sports *who's the stiff*the one question line
 
 
 

bob & brian on demand

2/14/25-gary graff on the rock hall noms, super bowl halftime show, sabbath’s final show, and more in music news
2/14/25-florida man gets drunk and crashes lawn mower into mailboxes
2/12/25-valentine’s day stats
in case you missed it...

bob & brian open 2024
6/26/24-moon ink, ham and checkers
06/25/24-brian gets excited
6/24/24-tim murray talks us fifa dreams and other sports stories
 





events    h-d factory outlet sale don’t miss the first h-d® factory outlet sale of the year to shop unbeatable deals on harley-davidson merchandise and gear* in the garage.
     join eric at papa john’s in muskego thursday, february 20th at papa john’s in west bend
     o’reilly auto parts world of wheels february 21-23 at state fair park!
     borna & mandy at o’reilly auto parts world of wheels friday, february 21st at the wisconsin state fair grounds 
     flat out friday friday, february 21st at fiserv forum
     greater milwaukee international car & truck show february 22nd – march 2nd at the baird center.
 sports

2 days ago
                    in sports
here’s a crash course — a cheat sheet, really — for the 67th running of the daytona 500



so let's wave the green flag and take a crash course on some of the basic names and terms to know for the daytona 500.


2 days ago
                    in sports, trending
philadelphia turns green on valentine’s day to celebrate super bowl champions



swooning fans screamed and cheered friday as mvp quarterback jalen hurts and eagles owner jeffrey lurie took turns hoisting the vince lombardi trophy at the start of the team's victory parade through the city of brotherly love.


2 days ago
                    in sports
rodgers’ stint with the jets is over. here are some potential landing spots if he doesn’t retire



aaron rodgers' tenure with the new york jets began with lots of fanfare and super bowl aspirations. it ended less than two years later with a disappointing thud.


3 days ago
                    in sports
raptors coach darko rajakovic upset with cavaliers’ tristan thompson for late dunk in blowout



toronto raptors coach darko rajakovic said cleveland center tristan thompson was "disrespectful" for dunking with four seconds remaining in the fourth quarter of the cavaliers' 131-108 victory wednesday night.

national

3 days ago
                    in national
vaccine skeptic robert f. kennedy jr. is sworn in as trump’s health chief after a close senate vote



robert f. kennedy jr. was sworn in thursday as president donald trump's health secretary after a close senate vote, putting the prominent vaccine skeptic in control of $1.7 trillion in federal spending, vaccine recommendations and food safety as well as health insurance programs for roughly half the country.


4 days ago
                    in national
us eggs prices hit a record high of $4.95 and are likely to keep climbing



egg prices hit a record high as the u.s. contends with an ongoing bird flu outbreak, but consumers didn't need government figures released wednesday to tell them eggs are terribly expensive and hard to find at times because of an ongoing.


4 days ago
                    in national
snow and freezing rain cause crashes in virginia while california prepares for likely flooding



heavy snow and freezing rain caused hundreds of crashes in virginia and left tens of thousands of residents in the dark as the central appalachians and parts of the mid-atlantic states braced for heavy rains on wednesday. meanwhile, california readied for a storm that could flood areas ravaged by the recent wildfires.


4 days ago
                    in national
us inflation worsened last month as the cost of groceries and gasoline head higher



u.s. inflation accelerated last month as the cost of groceries, gas, and used cars rose, a disappointment for families and businesses struggling with higher costs and likely underscoring the federal reserve's resolve to delay any further interest rate cuts.

 


borna & mandy


02/13/25 – the hog’s dog – dallas
02/06/25 – the hog’s dog – hugo & cheeto
01/23/25 – the hog’s dog – horace
01/09/25 – the hog’s dog – power

 

 news from wisn'he was mine and i'm his': man with prosthetic leg adopts 3-legged dogman stabs 6 people in austria, killing 1 in what police say was a random attackformer milwaukee buck marques johnson named hall of fame finalistshowbiz news

2 days ago
                    in entertainment
a$ap rocky trial brings clashing closing arguments over gun as rihanna brings tiny sons to court



with rihanna and two toddlers looking on from the audience, a prosecutor at the trial of a$ap rocky told jurors during his closing argument thursday that they have "one critical question" to answer.


3 days ago
                    in entertainment
‘saturday night live’ plans a massive 50th anniversary special. who’s coming and how to watch



airing sunday and spanning three hours, the, yes, live "snl50: the anniversary celebration" will assemble a dream team of stars who have helped the show become an enduring pop culture force.


3 days ago
                    in entertainment, music
mariah carey, chubby checker, cyndi lauper, outkast and phish get rock hall nominations



mariah carey, chubby checker, cyndi lauper, outkast and phish are some the 2025 nominees for induction into the rock & roll hall of fame, a list that also includes two sets of musical brothers who have had public feuds and recent reunions — the black crowes and oasis.


3 days ago
                    in entertainment
it’s a publishing fairy tale. ‘hansel and gretel’ is reimagined by stephen king and maurice sendak



an upcoming edition of "hansel and gretel" combines the dark and singular talents of two literary giants who apparently never met: stephen king and the late maurice sendak.


4 days ago
                    in entertainment, trending
paul mccartney rocks the bowery. inside his surprise nyc concert



paul mccartney's previous new york-area performance took place three years ago at metlife stadium, capacity 82,500. his surprise show tuesday night at the bowery ballroom fit, at most, 575.

 

now playing
 


 


mark fogelschmit bros.




classic bob & brian podcasts


fireman jim valentines day


what's happening

download the new 102.9 the hog app!



take milwaukee’s 102.9 the hog with you wherever you go. presented by download the free hog app to your mobile […]


hog text club



join the hog text club and get concert updates, secret contests, and more.


hire me mke



looking for a job around the milwaukee area? check out some openings>>


hoggin’ your inbox!



subscribe to the squeal!  it’s loaded with concert announcements, presale info, and secret contests exclusively for hog heads.


salute the troops



join us, along with ewald automotive group in showing your appreciation for troops past and present…


salute to our first responders



join us in supporting local first responders and their commitment to making our community safe. hear some important messages…

like us on facebook!





bob & brian on facebook


































102.9 the hog copyright 2025 saga communications,
                        inc. all rights reserved.
                    
eeo
                            report | fcc public file  | fcc applications
                            for assistance accessing public files, contact pfhelp@mkeradiogrp.com 

privacy policy | terms of use |
                        data access request | contests &
                            rules
non-discriminatory advertising letter |
                        advisory public notice - non-discriminatory ad contracts
                    
some images copyright ap, clipart.com
































 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email



name



website


















































