










nathan allan glass studios | architectural and decorative glass






























































































































 
















skip to content














  


search for:








products collectionsglass color options / finishesglass colors / detailssamples / showroomproduct infobrand company infoclient listcatalogsenvironmentour teamportfolio balustradebentcladding / façadecountertopsdoorsfurniturepartitionsstair treadsspecialtywallsnews / media what’s newpressawardsnewslettervideocontact contact uscareerprivacy / termsfind a rep 


search for:








products collectionsglass color options / finishesglass colors / detailssamples / showroomproduct infobrand company infoclient listcatalogsenvironmentour teamportfolio balustradebentcladding / façadecountertopsdoorsfurniturepartitionsstair treadsspecialtywallsnews / media what’s newpressawardsnewslettervideocontact contact uscareerprivacy / termsfind a repproducts collectionsglass color options / finishesglass colors / detailssamples / showroomproduct infobrand company infoclient listcatalogsenvironmentour teamportfolio balustradebentcladding / façadecountertopsdoorsfurniturepartitionsstair treadsspecialtywallsnews / media what’s newpressawardsnewslettervideocontact contact uscareerprivacy / termsfind a rep 















nathan allan glass studiosadmin2024-04-19t21:05:17+00:00 
nathan allan glass studios
head office and main factory

nathan allan glass studios head office and main factory is located in surrey, british columbia, canada. we are the world’s leading manufacturer of unique and exclusive kiln-formed glass, thick glass, cast glass and architectural textured glass products. with offices throughout north america and across the world, our company has specialized in the production of hand crafted architectural glass and decorative glass products since 1986. working with high end interior designers and architects, our unique and exclusive glass products are created, shipped, and installed all over the globe.


150+ glass textures and designs

with over 150+ unique and exclusive glass textures and designs, nathan allan offers the largest assembly of hand crafted architectural glass products. view our 60+ classic textures, our incredible freeform collection, and our sizzling josiah j collection. created for the a&d community, our architectural glass is used in wall partitions, balustrades, doors, dividers, storefront and facades. nathan allan has also designed 2 exclusive products for glass flooring and glass stair tread applications. each of these products is designed with our glass sandpaper safety finish, an incredibly durable and effective safety finish.

partitions in grande style
producing grande features of handmade kiln formed glass is what nathan allan glass does best. our unique textures are often produced in super thick glass, at times up to 3” thick. the finished glass is always extremely bold and impressive!
large walls of solid materials are often replaced with our creative designs, such as our custom sawtooth glass shown here at hudson yards, nyc. working with kpf of new york city, this custom pattern was created specifically for the hudson yards project. it is a one of a kind design, made exclusively for our client.
nathan allan produces over 150+ impressive glass designs, along with bold color options. specify our unique textured glass in your next project to brighten your interior or exterior space, and add richness to your design. nathan allan kiln formed glass is ideal for all glass wall and glass partition applications.
view case studyarchitectural cast glass
another exclusive nathan allan architectural glass creation is our heavy, thick glass counter tops. produced in 1.5” to 4” thick glass, these heavy thick glass countertops are available in over 60 textures. an original design feature is that each thick glass countertop also comes with matching textured glass edges.
we are proud to announce many great designers and clients, whom we have the privilege of working with in the past few months . most recently we have collaborated with meyer davis, switzer, marnell companies, hok, joyce wang, marriott design, and id3 design. projects include louis vuitton, tiffany’s, four seasons hotels, marriott, inmocean, blackhawk casino, mother mercy hospitals, and cache creek casino. as we progress through the next few years, many exciting projects are upcoming. photos and details will be posted on our website as these projects are completed.
read moreportfolio
architectural glass by nathan allan glass studios is created with the highest production standards. using many exclusive and creative production techniques, our architectural glass offerings are unique and one of a kind. designs are vibrant and exciting, enhancing every interior design space we create our glass for. select our stunning textured glass options and set your project apart from the competition…
get inspireddiscover the future of luxury
we have an expansive variety of luxury glass products available within our freeform and josiah j collections. these unique glass products are exclusively created by talented nathan allan artists, and are only available at nathan allan. if you are looking for a unique and artistic glass product for your high end quality hotel, casino, restaurant, office or home, nathan allan has a vast array of designer glass products to choose from.
give your designer project the look of luxury by selecting one of our architectural glass offerings, such as our crackle glass, convex glass, or cathedral glass. when you choose an exclusive nathan allan architectural glass product, your project stands out from all others, demonstrating your desire for high end quality. 
partner with us, and set your company apart. we are a glass manufacturing company and look forward to working with you!s, and set your company apart.
view our productsunited hospital mother baby
in this beautiful healthcare project, one can view the flowing, continuous design of nathan allan’s mirage architectural glass panels. these stunning panels are produced in a bent, safety tempered glass, another first and only design by nathan allan. our mirage architectural glass panels have become a central meeting area within the united mother baby hospital and create an upbeat, energizing feeling for patients and visiting family.
view case studysign up for our nathan allan glass studios newsletter
stay updated with our newest glass creations, our most recent projects / installations, and all of our upcoming events and trade shows. news and information is available to anyone interested in learning more about the production of our architectural glass, and how it can be used in your quality project.
you can also stay connected to nathan allan glass studios through our extensive social media pages, posts, and articles. contact us today to learn more about our sensational glass products and services. join us on instagram, and stay up to date on all our new products and current projects.
newsletter signup










office / showroom / factory
103 – 2455 192 street, surrey, british columbia, v3z 3x1 canada.
call us today +1 (604) 535-8849
fax. 604.535.6664
please complete the form below for quote requests, product information, or technical info. project name, glass type, and overall quantity of glass, are important details we need to provide you with a quick, accurate quote. contact us today.
we strive to provide you with the best service available and will make your inquiry a number one priority.
thank you for visiting our website!



name*company name*address*city/state/country/zip code*phone number*email*

website*project name/location*profession*select an optiondesignerarchitectcontractorglaziermillworkownerotherrequest*select an optiongeneral requestquotesetup appointmentcurrent clientclassic box  |  $69 usd + shipping costlucent box  |  $99 usd + shipping costpearl box  |  $119 usd + shipping costfreeform luminous box |  $149 usd + shipping costlibrary box  |  $299 usd + shipping costotherhow did you hear about us?*select an optioncurrent clientnewsletterinstagramfacebookgoogle searchmagazine adrep contacttrade showothercomments*captcha
 






















close product quick view×


title
















 
 


















 

 portfolio  |  collections  |  contact  |  newsletter

 

 
 
 





		103 – 2455 192 street, surrey, british columbia, v3z 3x1 canada | tel. 604.535.8849	

 
 
 
 


 
 



page load link




				featured glass			

cathedral grande bronze silvered glass
part of nathan allan’s exclusive freeform series, is exciting, new, and the first “texture less” kiln formed glass in our industry. designed for architects and interior designers who prefer a structured linear glass pattern for their projects. our cathedral grande bronze silvered glass has 3” (76mm) wide, convex shaped 3d flutes. illuminating this 3d effect is the silvered (mirror) finish applied to the back surface.
the silvered finish reflects light and highlights the cathedral grande bronze silvered texture to another level. ideal for all cladding applications, including hotel registration area back walls, entrance lobbies, columns and desk fronts. only at nathan allan! for more info, contact barry allan at bm@nathanallan.com.
sign up for newsletter













			×			


 































































































 





go to top




