  
 stan stewart - the muse is present - @muz4now      
 muz4now on mastodonmuz4now on mastodon  

 
skip to content
about stan stewartmenu togglewhat stan is doing “now”musicmenu togglemusic release list“dream this” charity albummusic shopmerch shopmusician friends’ tracksbookingsmenu togglepress kit (epk)events and gigswedding musicianarticlesmenu togglecreative insightscreative projectsmenu togglemusicother creativitymusician tipsmenu togglesocial mediawebstoriesconnectmenu togglenewsletter signupbecome a vipphotos (instagram)videos (youtube)presentsongsmenu togglerequest a custom song

search for:



search
 


main menu

 
about stan stewartmenu togglewhat stan is doing “now”musicmenu togglemusic release list“dream this” charity albummusic shopmerch shopmusician friends’ tracksbookingsmenu togglepress kit (epk)events and gigswedding musicianarticlesmenu togglecreative insightscreative projectsmenu togglemusicother creativitymusician tipsmenu togglesocial mediawebstoriesconnectmenu togglenewsletter signupbecome a vipphotos (instagram)videos (youtube)presentsongsmenu togglerequest a custom songthe muse is present. stan stewart is a pianist, composer, and songwriter.get stan stewart’s latest music and vip exclusiveslisten to stan stewart‘s singer-songwriter and instrumental music. with plenty of ways to listen, buy, and enjoy these albums and songs and support indie music.listen and download musiccelebrations are elevated by music. whether it’s beautiful low-key ambience, or the joyful centerpiece of a big day, stan stewart will make your next show or event special.book a show or eventpresentsongs™ are that unique gift that will brighten anyone’s special day. now you can have stan stewart write and record a personalized song for your friend or loved one!start your custom song♫ featured musicstan stewart has an eclectic range of original music for you to enjoy. listen through your favorite streaming music service, buy a whole album or individual songs – or become a vip and get it all and more! browse stan stewart’s music discography✍ latest articlesin this collection of articles from the muz4now blog, stan stewart and friends often share insight into music, poetry, and the creative process. read the latest articles.musicanswer – for every question another improvisationbystan stewartfeb 18, 2025music release by stan stewartanswer (jaydn, opus 26) #pianoimprov #nowplayingbystan stewartfeb 16, 2025unsigned musiciansunconditional non-surrender from mike torrbystan stewartfeb 11, 2025music, poetry, and moreunsigned musicianssharing independent music and communitybystan stewartfeb 4, 2025music release by stan stewartprotection #nowplayingbystan stewartjan 28, 2025social mediamore federated than ever at muz4nowbystan stewartjan 21, 2025📹 music videosstan stewart’s original music comes to life set to beautiful and thought-provoking video and images. explore the latest videosabout stan stewartstan stewart is a pianist, songwriter, composer, and poet who is always looking for the next inspiration. besides a growing set of recorded releases, stan enjoys playing live/live-stream whenever possible.he enjoys connecting with fans and other artists. that's where you come in! be sure to connect with stan via his newsletter or social networks.get the latest news and updates from muz4now
first name

last name

email

get the muz4now newsletter(don't worry: we hate spam, too!)answer – for every question another improvisationanswer (jaydn, opus 26) #pianoimprov #nowplayingunconditional non-surrender from mike torrsharing independent music and communityprotection #nowplayingmore federated than ever at muz4nowbook stan –– be a vip –– connect on socialcopyright © 2001, 2025 by stan stewart and muz4now, inc. all rights reserved.             




