anaheim hotels: find anaheim hotel information and read reviews by hotelguide
homeaboutcontactanaheim hotels - homepageespañolmobile versionadd your hotel group hotel rates metroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > anaheim homepageanaheim hotelshotel posts“modern hotel next to disneyland resort”“hotel lulu anaheim is a quintessential california hotel next to the magic of disneyland r…”posted by: hotel lulu, bw premier collection“every aspect has been perfected”“wyndham anaheim garden grove is located one mile from disneyland park, disney s californi…”posted by: wyndham anaheim garden grove“perfect hotel for business or pleasure”“whether you are traveling to orange county for business or pleasure, the irvine marriott …”posted by: marriott irvinehotels may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“not a safe place to stay, items got stolen”non-member, reader - “we put our reserve 3 pairs of shoes in a plastic bag before…”said about: holiday inn anaheim resort area“my experience”non-member, reader - “this is the worst place i have stayed. the rooms smell bad,…”said about: crescent motel“not recommended”private member, salida - “on 12/27/11 my family and i stayed at motel 6 on fuller…”said about: motel 6 - fullerton eastreaders are welcome to share opinions.by location » by name » hotel events »(try keywords "hotel with a pool" or a zip code)
welcome to hotelguide.networks' directory of hotels and hotel reviews for anaheim, california!

about 20 miles east of los angeles and home to mighty ducks of anaheim hockey, anaheim's most famous attraction is disneyland, attracting millions annually. the anaheim resort district encompasses 1,100 acres and serves as an all inclusive destination for business and leisure guests. convenient as a destination, anaheim is served by three airports: long beach airport (lgb), 14 miles to the southwest; john wayne airport in santa ana (sna), 12 miles to the south; and los angeles (lax), 40 miles to the west.  

the german immigrants who settled in this peaceful area along the santa ana river in the mid-1800s named it after their homeland of which it reminded them. eventually becoming the center of california's orange industry, anaheim developed into a major tourist and convention destination where there are always sports events and parades throughout the year. walt disney was captivated by anaheim's all-american sparkle, and chose anaheim for the site of his new theme park. check out our los angeles hotelguide and orange county, california hotelguide for other accommodations options in greater los angeles.

we have organized our listings of anaheim's local hotel accommodations into several geographic 
areas and alphabetically.  you can begin browsing for hotels in the greater anaheim area by 
selecting one of the links shown below.



browse hotels by location:
·disney maingate
the disneyland main gate is on the east side of the park, with a concentration of hotels on south harbor blvd. just steps from the entrance. 

·disneyland park
hotels surrounding the disneyland park not at the maingate or southgate proper.

·anaheim west
hotels to the west of anaheim, including those near the buena park attractions such as knott's berry farm. 

·greater anaheim
hotels in the surrounding metropolitan area and suburbs, including placentia and fullerton. 

·orange county metro
hotels in the adjoining metropolitan area of orange county. 

·los angeles metro
hotels in the adjoining metropolitan area of los angeles. 

·anaheim convention center
the anaheim convention center is near the park's south gate, although several hotels in this area still refer to themselves as "maingate". 

browse hotels by name:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
you can return to the hotelguide anaheim home page at any time by pressing on the "hotelguide" button in the left margin of the page.
area facts: anaheim's average winter temperature is 53 degrees f. and averages a comfortable 72 degrees f. in the summertime. the local area code for anaheim is 714. 
« top of pageevents at anaheim hotelsrepublican party of orange county monthly meeting headquartered in tustin, the county gop holds a meeting in irvine each month… politics - party rally / event hyatt regency irvine 714-453-0900 « top of pageadjacent links:inland empire hotelslos angeles hotelsorange county hotelssan diego hotelsrelated links:bakersfield hotelsfresno hotelslake tahoe hotelsmonterey hotelsnapa valley hotelsoakland hotelspalm springs hotelssacramento hotelssacramento valley hotelssan francisco hotelssanta barbara hotelssilicon valleystockton hotelsother links:smart highway daynational metaverse daylas vegas hotelsorlando hotelsphoenix hotelstucson hotelsother versions:anaheim guía de hotelesmetroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > anaheim homepage« top of page | sitemap 
© 1996-2025, metroguide.com all rights reserved.privacy policy | terms and conditionsto list your hotel with the anaheim hotelguide service: click here.to contact hotelguide: click here.hotelguide and hotelguide anaheim are service marks of metroguide.com, inc. hotelguide network is a registered service mark of metroguide.com, inc. all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. metroguide.com, inc. does not own or operate hotel properties. metroguideeventguideretailguidediningguidehotelguidecruiseguideattractionguidemore locations...
anaheim hotels:our readers'3 smile favoritesabby's anaheimer innrodeway inn anaheimquality inn maingateanaheim desert inn and suitesanaheim desert palm inn & suitesrodeway inn maingateramada limited disneyland parkbrookhurst plaza inncarousel inn & suitesdisneyland hotel anaheimecono lodge maingateembassy suites north anaheimhotel menage la casa resortmarriott anaheimclarion anaheim resorthotels by featurenon-smoking hotelwifipet-friendlymeeting facilitygay-friendlyswimming poolfitness centerin-room safelarge hotelsmall hotel





