


titanstower.com monitor room































wednesday, february 03, 2010



	 
	 monitor room 2.0
	 
    


this blog is shutting down.but don't worry, titanic ones.... it's only being replaced by a bigger, badder, more robust monitor room 2.0 using wordpress. i've switched from blogger to wordpress, which offers a lot more features. i've still brought over all the old posts in archive, too. take advantage of the search feature, the subscribe feature on the right,  and the share this bugs for each post!so check out the new monitor room and be sure to bookmark it and tell your friends.titans together 2.0!



posted by mr saturday morning @ 12:20 am  
    	
         43 comments






thursday, january 28, 2010



	 
	 young justice cartoon in development [updated]
	 
    


please pay attention to the question mark. this is an unconfirmed rumor from a post found here. the poster writes:wb has 3 new series on their slate, mystery inc- the new scooby show, young justice, and bruce timms cg green lantern for 4q 2011. all for cartoon network, who originally passed on the new thundercats. both mattel and hasbro got the series pitch and passed on the toys for couple different reasons. "lack of cool tech" the big one. but ban dai did a hard core play for the rights. they weren't interested in a "classic" adult line, and thought that the new take on the series was something very different for the toy aisles. which is what mattel and hasbro were afraid of.i could go on and on about this... as i do know a lot about itandit's sorta the young justice. they will be going out with this big time at comic con. from what i saw, it's martian girl, aqualad, nightwing, impulse, arrowette, and connor kent. the poster gives me the tone that it's a cross between jlu and tt. i liked the look a lot. it's not quite timm-style, but it's not all murikami'd out like teen titans.the kids were the focus of the poster, in the center, but the jl was behind them.a hate to be skeptical, but this sounded dubious at first. why pair nightwing with young justice, instead of robin? why include aqualad, instead of the more modern aquagirl? and wouldn't it make more sense to do another version of teen titans, which now has name recognition?a few new bits popped up, however. this looks like it may actually be happening....actress stephanie lemelin posted on her wordpress blog that she was "beyond  thrilled to announce" that she was cast in the "new animated series, young justice league." she added that she will be "voicing the character of arrowette (see ridiculously hot avatar below!!! um, could i love her anymore?)". the post has since been deleted, but you can see the "hot avatar" below:also, this popped up on twitter:aqualad anyone?



posted by mr saturday morning @ 7:57 pm  
    	
         364 comments






tuesday, january 26, 2010



	 
	 preview: teen titans #79
	 
    


cbr has posted a preview of  teen titans #79.teen titans #79: now that he's had time to acclimate to normal life since the terror titans miniseries, static makes the choice to go home and tell his family that he's alive. and he's bringing his teen titans teammates with him. let's hope they can survive the rough streets of dakota! plus: ravager…slave girl!labels: preview



posted by mr saturday morning @ 6:25 pm  
    	
         3 comments









	 
	 wallace takes "titans" down a dark path
	 
    


cbr sat down with eric wallace to discuss the titans future:kicking off with the recently announced "titans: villains for hire" one-shot and then ricocheting into the ongoing series with issue #24, wallace and artist fabrizio fiorentino will be bringing a series of hard edged twists to the titans franchise with an all-villain cast led by deathstroke and featuring the tatooed man, chesire and a few other mysterious surprises. "call it the supervillain version of 'inglourious basterds' in a certain sense.it's people with a very specific mission, and that mission becomes ridiculously clear in the special. right out of the gate, you know what's going on. the big questions are how they accomplish it and what the consequences are once they have. deathstroke leading the titans is shocking, so you've got to ask yourself, 'why would they follow him?' there is a reason. and there are hints even in the title of that first special."andbut beyond that early tease, wallace remained quiet on the ins and outs of slade wilson's cast of miscreants, instead promising that what readers would get, regardless of the player, is a look into the deeper history that makes them who they are. "as much as i'd love to tell everybody the lineup, which has been finalized, i can't!i will say, though, that in contrast to the big action, we're trying to create a very intense pace for this book. you'll see that from the team's first appearance – the intense nature of their mission. juxtaposed in my first issue with the high action are going to be these incredibly personal stories. that's what we really learned of what worked in the perez/wolfman stories of the '80s and why they're so eternal. it's how much we got to know people on a personal level. that will remain true in a deep level for this new team."read the full interview here.that one shot will probably decide the fate of the book; it's either going to hook readers, or turn off the remaining ones!i think they've done themselves a disservice by calling it "titans." done as a deathstroke mini-series, i think it'd be an easier sell. i just can't see any reason slade would adopt the titans name.



posted by mr saturday morning @ 9:42 am  
    	
         9 comments









	 
	 perez on games' plot twists
	 
    


from george's facebook page, today: "just finished speaking with marv wolfman for over an hour and we've come up with a lot of neat plot twists for the new teen titans: games graphic novel. we've added some spins to the pages i drew 20 years ago and came up with great new bits and what we both feel is a better ending. man, it felt good co-plotting again with the creative partner i've always held up as the gold standard among collaborators. thanks, marv!"knowing the original plot of games... i'm a little excited right now!



posted by mr saturday morning @ 12:32 am  
    	
         1 comments






sunday, january 24, 2010



	 
	 preview: justice league of america #41
	 
    


dc comics: the source blog posted a sneak peek at justice league of america #41, which hits stores wednesday, january 27th:a new era starts for the league right here, as the team regroups with a new roster. make way for the world’s greatest heroes – batman, green lantern, the atom, green arrow, donna troy, the guardian, cyborg, mon-el, starfire, dr. light and, yes, congorilla.the pages show some hints as to what tragedy befalls the arrow family. be afraid. be very afraid.labels: preview



posted by mr saturday morning @ 1:29 pm  
    	
         4 comments









	 
	 a look at adventure comics #7
	 
    


dc comics: the source blog posted a look at adventure comics #7:the title is pretty ominous on its own: adventure comics starring black lantern superboy. but what more can we reveal about the issue, which is written by tony bedard, with art by travis moore? well, we’re not saying a ton, but adventure comics editor brian cunningham has a few choice words to share. take it away, brian:“the title is ‘what would black lantern superboy do?’ and, frankly, he says some pretty outrageous stuff, plumbed from conner’s subconscious. in fact, we learn an awful secret about conner that i kinda wish i didn’t know. and there is a huge moment in this issue that no one will want to miss. adventure #7 tangibly pushes the character forward in a way you won’t expect.”to catch the covers, click here.



posted by mr saturday morning @ 1:28 pm  
    	
         2 comments









	 
	 friday flashback: teen titans #53
	 
    


newsarama's friday flashback: teen titans #53 (1978 origins)teen titans #53:  so, in honor of tonight’s “batman: the brave and the bold”, which unites robin, speedy and aqualad, we pay homage to the teen super-team by recalling their origin and second cancellation.  what’s that?  well, the “teen titans” originally started in 1966, and ran until 1973 (issue 43).  it picked up again when dc was expanding its titles later in the decade (#44 in 1976), but was canned again with #53 in 1978.  the final issue was a flashback detailing how the fivesome of robin, kid flash, aqualad, speedy and wonder girl came together.check it out here.



posted by mr saturday morning @ 1:25 pm  
    	
         1 comments






friday, january 22, 2010



	 
	 brave and the bold: "sidekicks assemble!"
	 
    


the loglines have been revealed for the upcoming episodes of batman: the brave and the bold ... and one will be of particular note to teen titans fans:"sidekicks assemble!"aqualad, robin and speedy have had it with being bossed around and demand a piece of the action, but they get more than they bargained for when they find themselves facing off against ra's al-ghul and his flying island!"sidekicks assemble" premieres friday january 22nd on cartoon network.cartoon network provided cbr with clips and pics from this week's new episode of "batman: the brave and the bold," featuring the aquaman, green arrow and the teen titans. watch the video clips by clicking on the image here.a recent episode of the word balloon podcast featured a conversation with producers of the cartoon network animated series batman: the brave and bold: james tucker and  michael jelenic. there, they shared: "among the storylines and characters coming up in either teaser scenes or full b&b stories include a multi part continuation of the starro story which began in this season's challengers of the unknown teaser, the batman of zur-en-arrh, a sidekicks vs.mentors storyline,  firestorm, the haunted tank, the metal men, the spectre, the phantom stranger. "



posted by mr saturday morning @ 9:58 pm  
    	
         7 comments






thursday, january 21, 2010



	 
	 new writer talks deathstroke & the 'dark' titans
	 
    


titans actually gets a lot darker this spring as a team of villains led by deathstroke take over the title with the brand new creative team of eric wallace and fabrizio fiorentino. beginning with the titans: villains for hire special then spilling into the titans, the storyline sees characters like cheshire and tattooed man join deathstroke to form a new team that will be the focus of the title during dc's brightest day event.newsarama spoke to wallace about his take on deathstroke and what brings these characters together for his upcoming run on titans.nrama: what's the motivation for this new titans team, and how do they start coming together? is it all deathstroke's doing, or is there more involved?wallace: this team is all deathstroke’s doing. he’s the mastermind behind it and he, alone, directs their movements. as for their motivations, the title of the book says it all:titans: villains for hire. i mean, they’re villains. and, well... they’re for hire. having said that, this book is going to be about much more than just the action-oriented missions with which they become involved. it’s also going to be very much about their personal lives and (gasp!) loves. that was something that dc was very keen on, and i totally agreed with that direction.nrama: you say they're villains. will the whole team be villains?wallace: uh... that’s a question i can’t really answer at this time. sorry!nrama: then let's talk about deathstroke. what's your take on who this character is?wallace: i love deathstroke because he’s such a huge mass of contradictions. he’s a supreme dcu villain. a total bad guy who, as we’ve seen in the past and will continue to see in this series, is capable of some truly horrific things. he’s also very proud and a bit pompous, as well as being one of the most dangerous men on the planet.but then there’s the other side to deathstroke. he’s a parent who loves his children. yes, he has a funny way of showing it sometimes. but he truly cares about joseph and rose. also, he has a real code of honor that crops up at the strangest of times. so in deathstroke you have a guy who is both bad and good. the question is, which trait is going to surface in a given situation? it’s this complex combination of good and evil inside deathstroke that makes him an enjoyable character to write, because he’s all about the “grays,” not the black and whites. i have to say, i'm not sold on this new direction, although i do applaud a more complex "grey" deathstroke. but then, i'm also wondering why the heck the team would be called "titans."also, why, exactly was titans even relaunched? the book has been directionless since the start!



posted by mr saturday morning @ 7:17 pm  
    	
         9 comments






tuesday, january 19, 2010



	 
	 titans in april
	 
    


previews are up!looks like there's no issue of titans for april!teen titans #82 on sale april 28 • 40 pg, fc, $3.99 us written by felicia d. henderson • co-feature written by sean mckeever • art by joe bennett & jack jadson  co-feature art  and cover by yildiray cinar & j/lio ferreira now that superboy is reunited with the teen titans, wonder girl’s discovering what having her boyfriend around all the time means — and it’s not all good.tiny titans #27on sale april 21 • 32 pg, fc, $2.50 uswritten by art baltazar & francoart and cover by art baltazarthink of the worst kid you’ve ever had to babysit. got it? now think again, because it doesn’t get much worse than kid devil! when raven has to watch kid devil for the weekend, trigon insists on treating him like a cute little baby – let’s hope trigon learns his lesson fast!justice league: the rise of arsenal #2 on sale april 28 • 2 of 4 • 40 pg, fc, $3.99 us written by j.t. krul art by geraldo borges & marlo alquiza cover by greg horn spinning out of cry for justice, “the rise and fall” continues here as roy harper discovers that getting a prosthetic arm doesn’t make him whole again, he’s also forced to deal with green arrow’s shocking revelation from justice league: the rise and fall special #1. and sparks fly when roy’s old flame cheshire shows up...to kill him!green arrow #32 on sale april 14 • 32 pg, fc, $2.99 us written by j.t. krul  art by diogenes neves  cover by federico dallocchio  spinning out of cry for justice, “the rise and fall” continues in “the fall of green arrow” continues with oliver queen as a fugitive from justice. but what happens when the justice league of america learn of his crime? the emerald archer's relationship with the world's greatest heroes will never be the same.justice league of america #44on sale april 21 • 40 pg, fc, $3.99 uswritten by james robinson • art and cover by mark bagley & rob hunter1:25 variant cover by david macka brightest day tie-in! following the events of blackest night, the brand new justice league of america enters into brightest day with an arc featuring the justice society of america. the epic team-up begins with a character from the end of blackest night joining the jla. but when the storyline’s over, what mysterious villain will be revealed – and which hero will switch teams?retailers please note: this issue will ship with two covers. please see the previews order form for more information.adventure comics #10on sale april 14 • 40 pg, fc, $3.99 uswritten by james robinson & sterling gatesco-feature written by eric trautmann art by juli¡n l”pez & clayton henry co-feature art by pier gallocover by joe quinones1:10 variant cover by bernard changcontinued from last stand of new krypton #2! it’s superman, supergirl and brainiac 5 against brainiac as superboy and mon-el fight zod, ursa and non!and in the co-feature, the human defense corps manages to sneak aboard brainiac’s ship amid all the chaos – but what exactly are they up to? continued in supergirl #52!retailers please note: this issue will ship with two covers. please see the previews order form for more information.r.e.b.e.l.s. #15on sale april 21 • 32 pg, fc, $2.99 uswritten by tony bedard • art by claude st. aubin& scott hanna • cover by kalman andrasofszkystraight from the pages of titans, starfire joins our merry band just in time for super-genius vril dox to pick up the pieces from last issue’s climactic battle with starro the conqueror. first on his agenda: rebuild his interplanetary police squad, l.e.g.i.o.n.labels: solicits



posted by mr saturday morning @ 6:38 am  
    	
         83 comments















welcome to the titanstower.com monitor room! you'll find all the latest news on dc comic's teen titans - and more!


about me

name:  mr saturday morning 
location:  connecticut 
artist + writer 
view my complete profile

[view guestbook] 
     [sign guestbook]
        
    
help support titanstower.com! every amazon.com purchase through these links will help keep the site running. thanks!


links

titanstower.com
titanstower.com animated
teen titans web ring
nick cardy 
marv wolfman 
georgeperez.com
geoff johns 
tony daniel 
sean mckeever 
alé garza blog 
derrick wyatt, animated character designer 
brianne drouhard, animated character designer 
jon suzuki, animated artist 
norm ryang, animated artist 
ben jones, animated director 
matt youngberg, animated director 
hall of justice forums  
previous posts

monitor room 2.0
young justice cartoon in development [updated]
preview: teen titans #79
wallace takes "titans" down a dark path
perez on games' plot twists
preview: justice league of america #41
a look at adventure comics #7
friday flashback: teen titans #53
brave and the bold: "sidekicks assemble!"
new writer talks deathstroke & the 'dark' titans


archives

november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
june 2009
july 2009
august 2009
september 2009
october 2009
november 2009
december 2009
january 2010
february 2010








 



 












