









spacepak central air | small duct high velocity hvac
































browser not compatible.






 


















  find a certified contractor





  representative locator

























spacepak system

spacepak hydronics

hydronic products

solstice r32 series

solstice inverter extreme

register for waterworks



about us

resources

why spacepak?

faq

find a certified contractor

maintenance & supplies

warranty

recent news



training

technical library

rep locator

water works

product registration

contact us





 



  technical library


  find a certified contractor


























spacepak system

spacepak hydronics

about us
contact us





















central air anywhere


learn more   

  



beautiful installationsthat are almost invisible


find a certified contractor near you   

  



start your installation,today


contact us   

  









designed to fit the space you have






the original small duct high velocity central heating and cooling system, spacepak is the perfect choice for retrofits and new construction

 easily installed in any home
 a seamless design blends in with your home's decor
 superior comfort with unique draft-free delivery
 with whisper-quiet operation and no bulky wall units, you'll never even know its there

learn more






















central air anywhere
superior comfort
a trusted contractor network














throw out your window unit! the spacepak system is true central air without bulky ducts or unsightly wall units.
our system works with the space you have, and fits in just about any home. perfect for retrofits, historic, custom and new construction homes.
our small, discrete outlets can be placed just about anywhere: in the ceiling, floor, and walls. they come in dozens of finishes, ensuring you’ll find one that matches your interior design.










photo credit: brott haden group
















our small duct high velocity system eliminates dead zones and cold spots, keeping your home an even temperature.
the spacepak system is designed to pull humidity from the air, making your home feel cooler without turning the thermostat down.
with an optional purepak system, improve your health and indoor air quality by removing contaminants like pollen and smoke.


























we have a nationwide network of qualified certified spacepak contractors.
with extensive training and hands-on support from our representative team, your installation is in good hands.
worried about the amount of time your remodeling will take? with a certified contractor, spacepak installations are less time-intensive than a conventional system.


























having trouble choosing the right central heating and cooling system for your family?
 
 
we can help





 









learn more

spacepak is here to assist with your home's heating and cooling needs. connect with an expert today!








submit






no thanks








submit

























terms & conditions
terms of use
contact us







                                copyrights ©
                                 all rights reserved
                            









































