









emerald valley golf club - creswell, or

























































homegolf
the coursehole by holescorecardcourse photosrates and specialsbook a tee timemembershiptournamentsgroup outingscourse calendarleaguestnt leagueplayers clubwomen’s clubcouples golfinstructionthe kingdom of golfevent registrationevent center
event centerevent center photoslodgingshopcontact



  
 



























                            an experience you will never forget
                            
                        

												course information






 



sign up for our e-clubget exclusive specials sign up here

call now to book541.895.2174 - or - book online
















 

 





emerald valley golf & resort

emerald valley golf and resort is eugene’s finest destination from a casual round of golf with your buddies, a catered business meeting, or the formal wedding of your dreams! we have an elegant indoor event center and outdoor gazebo that can easily host 300 guests overlooking the golf course that has hosted several us open and us amateur qualifiers. 

											view course tour



















 



membership at emerald valley golf club

emerald valley golf & resort offers a variety of membership opportunities designed fit your lifestyle! as one of the driest courses in the valley you will be able to enjoy your membership year round. the staff at emerald valley is committed to serve all of your golfing needs.  

									become a member











latest updates






                        newsletter
                        
                    
thank you for visiting our new website. we will periodically update this section with email blasts, prior news, specials & coupons, and other information.
read more




                        new website!!
                        
                    
welcome to our new website.  the new interface is designed to help our customers search and find information much more efficiently, and offer 24/7 access to.
we thank you for your patronage and look forward to seeing you soon!!
read more




                        welcome to our blog
                        
                    
welcome to our blog. check back soon for updates!
read more





newsletter
new website!!
welcome to our blog




upcoming events



17mar

saint patricks daymore info mon, mar. 17  |   all day





31oct

halloweenmore info fri, oct. 31  |   all day





25dec

christmasmore info thu, dec. 25  |   all day





01jan

new year's evemore info thu, jan.  1  |   all day




view full calendar
join our email club



please complete the form below to join our mailing list. 


  
  
 





























83301 dale kuni road, creswell, or 97426 | reservations: 541.895.2174© 2023 pendulum golf club | designed and hosted by 121 marketing | contact us | site map






close 







home








tee times








food








shop








contact







homegolf
the coursehole by holescorecardcourse photosrates and specialsbook a tee timemembershiptournamentsgroup outingscourse calendarleaguestnt leagueplayers clubwomen’s clubcouples golfinstructionthe kingdom of golfevent registrationevent center
event centerevent center photoslodgingshopcontact

83301 dale kuni road, creswell, or 97426
541.895.2174
  




