





healthy exchange – the newsletter of your employee assistance program






































healthy exchange

the newsletter of your employee assistance program






healthy exchange products

email version
online version
printed version


monthly email newsletter
content only
client testimonials
about us
contact us
 







 










promote your eap services with the strong, positive and consistent message of healthy exchange: “if you have a problem, it is solvable…and your eap is here to help you.”
published for eaps since 1997, our customizable communications are available in a variety of formats to meet your needs:
healthy exchange email version
published quarterly for employee assistance programs
healthy exchange online newsletter
published quarterly for employee assistance programs
healthy exchange printed newsletter
published quarterly for employee assistance programs
news you can use monthly email newsletter
published monthly for eaps and wellness programs

professional and budget-friendly solutions for you
many employers are asking their eaps for monthly promotion of eap services. at just $75 per month, our monthly news you can use email newsletter is a smart, professional and budget-friendly solution. learn more about news you can use here.

recent client testimonial
“i love the content and professional look and ease at which i can forward it to our clients…and our clients are happy that it has increased their utilization.”
– roseann miceli, director, tri state reach eap, monthly news you can use email client







message from the publisher we want to make a positive difference in people’s lives… and a positive difference for your business. here’s one of our favorite remarks from a client:
“last night, at around 8:30 p.m., i had an employee self-refer for drinking and gambling after reading healthy exchange. self-referrals for drinking or gambling hardly ever happen. i get great feedback on healthy exchange from employers and employees.”
-- pam alymer, eap director, working resources
if you have a question about any healthy exchange product, please contact me by phone or email. i’d love to learn about your business and needs… and see if we’re the right company for you.
eric jenican
publisher, healthy exchange
phone: (949) 637-5017
email: e.jenican@healthy-exchange.com

do you need help with content for your blog? do you need help with content for your blog or for other use? we can provide you with content… and even take responsibility for updating your blog with content and images so that you don’t even have to think about it. contact eric to discuss your needs and learn details.





* indicates required field




name:*









email:*









company name


















captcha code:*

















 










© healthy exchange. all rights reserved.
back to top





















