




indian creek campground - campgrounds in cherokee nc

























































 

 


 










welcome
location
site map & rates

rules & regulations


camping
cabins
activities
events

news


photos

general gallery
braggers gallery


contact
menu 






















welcome

				posted on april 29, 2015january 3, 2025  by admin 



happy new year!, campers!
we are closed for the winter and will reopen on march 26, 2025.  we are currently accepting reservations for the 2025 & 2026 seasons. do not wait to get here to book for 2026.  your favorite site may not be available. 
make your reservations online.
reservation portal link:
reserve | indian creek campground (fireflyreservations.com)
make payments on your reservation.
https://app.fireflyreservations.com/guestportal/property/indiancreekcampground
for questions, send an email to:  info@indiancreekcampground.com
come and enjoy the best that nature has to offer. peaceful…beautiful…serene….are just a few words our guests have used to describe indian creek campground in cherokee, nc. located on the cherokee indian reservation at the southern edge of the great smoky mountains national park, the campground is secluded, quiet, heavily wooded, naturally beautiful and nestled on 88 acres between 3 mountain tops. you’ll find just what you need at this small, privately owned, family oriented campground. there are 74 sites which include primitive tent sites, creek side sites for tents, pop-ups or small rv’s, full hook up sites (water, 30 amp. electric, sewer, cable) and a variety of cabins. it is back to nature camping at indian creek campground. unwind and relax to the sounds of one of our fast running streams. test your fishing skills on bunches creek, which is stocked by the tribe’s fisheries and wildlife management program. enjoy some time together as a family sitting around your campfire roasting hot dogs and marshmallows. no, there isn’t a pool, but what kid doesn’t love playing in a stream!! our amenities include tent and rv sites, full hook up sites, cabins, camp store, clean restrooms with hot showers, stocked trout stream, playground, dump station, laundry, scheduled activities and wifi hotspots for internet access.

indian creek campground also makes a perfect base camp for day trips in all directions-gatlinburg, pigeon forge (dollywood), franklin (gem mining), bryson city (white water rafting, tubing, great smoky mountains railroad) and numerous hiking trails throughout the national park. the best things to do and see in cherokee are the cherokee indian museum (open all year), the living indian village and unto these hills outdoor drama (in season) and harrah’s cherokee casino.
more information
if you need information about any of our services, please feel free to use our contact form, send us an e-mail to info@indiancreekcampground.com, or give us a call at 828-497-4361.






 
trout fishing
rv camping
tent camping
cabins

weather
currentlycurrentlycurrentlycurrentlyfind us on facebook 
 



1367 bunches creek road, cherokee, nc 28719  |  828-497-4361  |  info@indiancreekcampground.com



			copyright © 2012-2025 indian creek campground.web design by appnet.com | sitemap 


















