



novex canada cloud video surveillance | novex2000 home 






























about
cloud pricing
products
services
contact
 



nav menu
 











novex cloud video surveillance

live video monitoring, recording, search, playback and export without the need of expensive hardware or pricey licensed software.
find out more


instant,secure - you're in control!

your video surveillance is managed from any device - through a web-browser, and all your sites and cameras, as well as video archives are accessible from anywhere, anytime!
find out more


analog or ip cameras
we can have your existing security cameras up in the cloud, regardless if they are analog, digital or hybrid. access and management is via smartphone, tablet or computer.
find out more


cutting edge, video surveillance
finally! easy, safe, simple and sophisticated surveillance system. no installations, no upgrades, no maintenance on your side.
find out more









some facts about us





company
novex (canada) ltd. is a private company, incorporated in 1997, in toronto. a pioneer company in the development of internet digital video transmission and ip recording technology.


inspiration
cutting-edge "cctv" technology. sophisticated and advanced, yet user-friendly and intuitive digital video surveillance solutions. easy, secure, reliable and efficient! 


our process
flying into the cloud is as easy as 1-2-3. tell us how many sites and what security cameras your have (or want to have) and we will have you cloud-ing in no time, with minimal or no initial investment.

 


know what is going on - anyplace, anywhere, anytime! 
access your cameras and archive records wherever you are via a computer, smartphone or a tablet. receive alerts you when your camera goes offline or detects motion. keep your video safe in our secured cloud storage.







 







novex cloud pricing
prices are in usd per cameraall plans include: web and mobile access, 24/7 operational monitoring,
unlimited alerts







from only $20/month.
per analog camera
camera systems have traditionally been pretty complex and costly. we eliminate a tremendous amount of headache by putting everything in the cloud, where we can take care of it so you don't have to.







from only $30/month.
per sd ip camera
standard resolution or analog camera. 1 month storage, 24hrs recording, monitoring, playback, alarm alerts etc...







from only $35/month.
per hd ip camera
enjoy the latest web and cloud technologies that make ip cameras easier to use, more accessible, and more robust.







motion detection.
video security easier
with the novex security camera vms you can deploy analytics, on one camera or multiple cameras - on any type of camera - and you can do it without installing software or buying larger servers. it's all done in the cloud on our servers.



 





new projects coming:68
and counting...... 


0
68
we'd love to earn your business!
































novex products
novex digital video surveillance developments.




2014. novex = service company!

after 17 hectic years of being a first-class "product" company, as of 2014 we have made a (paradigm) shift to benefit you - the client. we've become a "service" company to offer complete, tailor-made solutions and services just for you. you can enjoy the same quality, value and professionalism you are accustomed to, when dealing with us. the difference now is that you will not need to make a big upfront investment to buy our cutting edge technology and products. more importantly, you won't have to worry about upgrades and maintenance contracts, nor care what may happen with all onsite expensive cctv equipment, if there is fire, flood or vandalism. 
so, it will be business as usual for you, with no frills attached. you will get a superior video surveillance system to use, for as long as you want, customized the way you need it. all this, for one fixed, low monthly fee.










 

novex vc plus
1997. analog to digital revolution via the pc printer port. our first, pc based dvr with support for 4 cameras. remote video recording and surveillance over regular phone lines and dial-up internet.





 


novex dvr cards
1999. a breakthrough series of pci cards supporting up to 16 cameras per pc. remote video recording and monitoring over faster internet (isdn), from multiple sites.






 

novex 2000 elite
2000. a series of advanced pci cards for real-time, multi-camera, multi-site surveillance. fully networked complex systems, supporting multi-cast and xdsl broadband internet.








 

novex 2000 express
2001. hybrid dvr. pc based dvr supporting both analog and ip cameras, as well as cable and satellite internet. the first pocket pc and mobile phone monitoring system.





 


novex nvr
2005. moving forward into the 21st century. an ip camera only solution, taking advantage of faster cpus, higher bandwidth internet and megapixel cameras.






 

novex cloud
2013. a ground up creation designed for robust, reliable and highly scalable cloud video surveillance, based on enterprise level cloud data centers. no more worries about hardware upgrades or software maintenance and support.








 








novex services
novex (canada) ltd. - "the digital surveillance company".





novex = pioneer.
we were one of the first companies in the world to offer transition from analog cctv to cutting-edge digital-video-surveillance. today, we are one of the first companies to offer a pure cloud experience at the enterprise level.





novex consulting.
we will help you find and install suitable ip cameras for your project.
if you already have cameras installed, we could use them, if their resolution, speed and performance is acceptable for you.





custom fit solution.
 as a cloud services company, novex is dedicated to delivering service to our customers. instead of offering you just a product, as a services company our goal is to ensure that the end-to-end solution meets your needs.





cloud surveillance.
our cloud service uses data centers that were developed from the ground up, exclusively for video, by a team of engineers with background in developing large scale cloud systems. we believe that nothing like this has been built before.



 easy: use a browser - no downloads & no software to install. 
safe: encrypted communication - bank level security.
flexible: use any camera, any brand, analog or ip.
scalable: support 2 cameras or 10,000 cameras.
on-premisses-local video archive, off-site-cloud video archive, multi-user management.








contact us
we are based in toronto, canada. our preferred way of communication is via email.
sales88 (at) novexcanada.com
canada: (+1)-416-352-0084
usa: (+1)-617-687-4658
uk fax: (+44)-705-345-6380







let's get in touch!






 


message






 














 




home
about
cloud pricing
products
services
contact
 


 






© 2014 novex (canada) ltd. web-design by w3layouts


