





otherwise award (formerly the tiptree award)
































 



skip to primary content


recommend worksrecommendations are open for the 2025 otherwise awardawards databaseview & search 26 years of the otherwise (tiptree) award in the awards database 


main menu
primary menu
home
the award

search the database
2024 otherwise award
2025 otherwise award recommendations
previous awards
1995 retrospective award


about the award

our history
why “otherwise”?
the process
motherboard
fairy godmother award
the tiptree quilt


fellowships

2022 otherwise fellowships
previous fellows
how to apply for an otherwise fellowship


store
support us

volunteer
donate
contribute to the auction
host a bakesale


news
contact us
 



search



 






					otherwise award					


				an award encouraging the exploration & expansion of gender.formerly the tiptree award				




otherwiseaward (@otherwiseaward.org) | bluesky
otherwise award | facebook
@otherwiseaward@wandering.shop | mastodon
otherwise award » rss feed
otherwise award » mailing list
otherwise award » email



donate!if you'd like to donate to the otherwise award or to the otherwise fellowship you can with paypal.recommend worksrecommendations are open for the 2025 otherwise award. you can also see the list of recommended works so far.subscribe!we’d love to have you subscribe to our mailing list, to get up-to-the-minute award news, online auction items, and an occasional fundraising appeal.volunteerwe're always looking for help.  become a volunteer. 


latest news 

announcing the 2024 otherwise fellowship recipients!
the otherwise motherboard is pleased to announce the selection of two new otherwise fellows: author eugen bacon and illustrator and comic artist mars lauderbaugh. eugen bacon is a writer of black speculative fiction that confronts matters of gender inequality, climate … continue reading →





welcome to the otherwise award

if you can’t change the world with chocolate chip cookies, how can you change the world?


pat murphy





the otherwise award


what is the otherwise award?
the otherwise award celebrates science fiction, fantasy, and other forms of speculative narrative that expand and explore our understanding of gender. we encourage each jury to take an expansive view of “science fiction and fantasy,” considering works that don’t fit into a narrow genre definition. we also seek out works that have a broad, intersectional, trans-inclusive understanding of gender in the context of race, class, nationality, disability, and more.
each year, the otherwise award is presented at wiscon, the world’s premiere feminist science fiction convention, to the creator of a work published in the previous year. alongside the winner, an honor list is announced, with the goal of celebrating many works, not just one or two per year. the award celebration is known for its exuberance and irony: the winner is crowned with a tiara, serenaded by hundreds of attendees, showered with chocolate, and awarded a check for $1000 and a piece of original art.
the otherwise award’s iconic space babe, created by jeanne gomoll.
although most of the works honored are novels or short stories, poetry, film and television, and music have also been nominated. anyone can nominate any work (including their own) at any time of the year and at no cost.
the otherwise fellowships are small grants for emerging creators who are using speculative narrative to change the way we think about gender in its intersections with other systems of identity and power. each year’s fellows help to choose those who will be honored in the following year.
we fund our program activities entirely through donations, which we often raise through communal efforts, including bakesales and an annual charity auction (more accurately described as an intersectional feminist stand-up performance) hosted each year at wiscon.
sumana harihareswara hosts the auction in 2018.



what’s new 

announcing the 2024 otherwise fellowship recipients!
the otherwise motherboard is pleased to announce the selection of two new otherwise fellows: author eugen bacon and illustrator and comic artist mars lauderbaugh. eugen bacon is a writer of black speculative fiction that confronts matters of gender inequality, climate … continue reading →


apply for otherwise fellowships! …and other news
we have several news items today: inviting applications for the 2024 otherwise fellows. announcing our new motherboard member, julia rios. announcing our new social media accounts. reminding you to submit recommendations. the otherwise motherboard is now soliciting applications for two … continue reading →


new directions for the otherwise award
hi, everyone! the otherwise award has been on a pause lately; during that pause, we on the motherboard have been discussing ways to update the award, improving various things about the way that it works while staying connected to the … continue reading →


recent recommendationsmarie antoinette comes to marilyn monroe in a dreamjudith segal (westword lit mag, 2024)this fantasy links the status and fates of marilyn monroe and marie antoinette, as visible women in a man's world, across two centuries …untitled kit bashir (self, 2025)evocative in its brevity.and she had been so reasonable rachel bolton (apex magazine , 2024)the west passagejared pechacek (tordotcom, 2024)i don't know if this is enough "exploration and expansion of gender," but it's a great book, and one of the main charact …summit's shadowheather  werner (launch point press, 2024)mountaineering is a man's world--or so it would seem from an outside perspective. books, movies, and television shows rarely showcase w …see all this year's recommendations 

posted on february 24, 2010  by  debbie notkin december 29, 2019 








otherwise award
130 phelan ct.
santa cruz
ca 95060
info@otherwiseaward.org 

donateif you'd like to donate to the otherwise award or to the otherwise fellowship you can with paypal: 



mailing list
email



 

otherwise fellowshipsfor information about the otherwise fellowships, see the fellowships page.recommend worksrecommendations are open for the 2025 otherwise award 


bluesky
facebook
mastodon
rss feed
mailing list
email
privacy policy
site map
 






