




midwest horse welfare foundation































our mission
 

gfas 
verified equine charity- a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization.
mhwf is run 
by 100% volunteers and has no paid staff.


the midwest horse welfare 
  foundation is dedicated to providing qualified homes for any horse in need. it 
  is our goal to make certain that every horse placed in our care is provided 
  with all the necessary ingredients for a safe and happy life, and that it is 
  also protected from those who would do it harm.

 


each horse placed in our care 
  will receive our full efforts to ensure that it never ends up in the auction 
  ring or on the slaughterhouse floor. we promise to do our best to provide only 
  the best homes with dedicated families for every animal we place.

   

2024 hay drive goal has been met

click here

   


   






 




what is the midwest horse welfare 
foundation?
 


the midwest horse welfare foundation, inc. (mhwf) is a charity 
and nonprofit organization dedicated to finding homes for horses who have found 
themselves at a transition in their lives. the horses come to us for many 
reasons and each horse has its own unique story. everyone involved in our program is a volunteer and 100% of all 
donations and adoption fees go back into the care of another needy horse. our 
policies are the accumulation of years of experience and planning. 



honesty, integrity and transparency. mhwf helps any horses who 
have found themselves in a transition in their life, whether that means that 
they wound up in a bad situation, neglected and/or abused, or their person could 
no longer keep them for whatever many different reasons that may be- they all 
need a place to go and they all need to be cared for and loved. many horses wind 
up in very bad situations of neglect, and not only do we help horses out of 
those situations and set them back on the right path in their lives, we also aim 
to keep horses from winding up in those bad situations. we strive to help as 
many horses as we possibly can and this includes taking in, rehabilitating and 
finding great homes for horses, as well as helping people through education and 
helping hand when it is needed. mhwf is dedicated to ensuring that each and 
every horse gets everything they need which includes proper feed, medical care, 
training and emotional wellness that includes proper space and capacity for the 
very best care. mhwf is a no-kill shelter, which means we never have and never 
will euthanize for space, and there will be horses that may have a long stay at 
our facility. it's not just about the numbers of horses, it is the quality of 
care and placement that are paramount to truly be a successful mission of real 
horse rescue and adoption. mhwf finds safe and wonderful homes for horses, and 
at the same time, educating people about owning a horse and horse adoption. mhwf 
wants to see horse adoption be the route that more people choose when looking 
for an equine partner. we continue to add more ways of showing that rescued and 
adoption horses are just as great as any other horse out there, including a 
yearly fun show and also the midwest rescue horse trainers challenge. mhwf has 
been doing real rescue and doing it right since 2001.


 


thank you...the staff at mhwf inc.
 
 

              
                 


 
the mhwf facility is protected by 24 hour video 
surveillance and night vision cameras.





































sign up for mhwf email newsletters
email:  




















 















