  knowprose.com - where one line can make a difference.           
skip to contentknowprose.comwhere one line can make a difference.
menuhomeaboutblogaboutbuy me some coffeetaran’s mastodoncontactphoto printsfalling is just one part of jumping: algorithms.

2025-01-302025-01-30 ~ taran  ~ leave a commentrecently i fell into a few youtube holes. for example, i don’t really listen to podcasts because people talk slower than i can read. the conversational ones can get interesting, depending on who is involved. so i ended up with some podcasts that shuffled in, and that was alright.that lead to me seeing first reactions to comics and musicians. watching younger generations learning about george carlin and rage against the machine was fun, though they talk too much.it’s like getting nice and mellow listening to a song you like and the person next to you won’t shut up. except an extraordinary amount of people seem to like that constant interruption.i fell into an abyss of first reactions on youtube, and let me tell you something: it’s horrible. there are some good first reactions out there, yes, but c’mon. it’s like writing about only one thing. it’s a one trick pony. sure, you might react about other things, but you can only react to something the first time the first time, and in time they’ll just be washed up. maybe it helps them pay bills. i get that. i just don’t get that whole first reaction thing.i stopped watching first reactions and just started skipping around with playing, and i found music mentioned that i had not heard about – km player is presently going through the bush discography right now because of it – but i’m not on youtube anymore. why?i jumped out of the algorithm.i jumped out because i fell in.there are people i know who can submerge themselves longer in the same type of content over and over and over… but like my mental and real bookshelves, i read widely in a world that seems to want to have us ingest more and more narrow content.it’s like linkedin. i jump in now and then when i want to share something that will bite the hand that feeds it. yet the people that seem to be influencers1 there are pretty formulaic. they post a link, they post a really long post that hits certain key emotional/rationality triggers, and they just let the stuff get soaked in by search engines so that it poisons the results when someone accidentally searches for keywords that fit it.you just know that content is being scraped into training models for llms, and since that sort of behavior denotes to rankings, look what we teach the llms.i see enough for a while, i hop out. when i hop back in, the water is the same temperature as when i left – cold, begging me to go back to premium- i was a premium once to see what it was. it mainly wasn’t.a friend sends me a facebook link, which i can still view because i still have a profile there. i look through the updates and see the same names value their connections more than their autonomy. i jump out again. slowly, each one of these platforms saves what last i didn’t like and shows it to me every time i go back. that seems myopic and self-defeating. some things need to be lost. some things should be lost.there are reasons extinctions happen, but we tend to only blame one.‘influencer’ actually got red-lined in my editor, which is amusing because i’m more up to the date than the dictionary on crappy passing references that will date content.  ↩︎is the turing test still important?

2025-01-272025-01-27 ~ taran  ~ leave a commentnot too long ago, i caught an article about how it takes just 2 hours to replicate your personality with 85% accuracy. that came out about the time when meta marched it’s ai chatbots off the plank into the great stream of bits, or however ai chatbots might view the ‘great beyond’ , though that’s anthropomorphism, assuming a level of consciousness at best mimicked.no, your phone is not ‘smart’, and it doesn’t make you ‘smarter’ either. it’s an information access device, and sometimes a broadcast device, but having access to more information doesn’t make one more intelligent. it’s how the information is used that is the hallmark of intelligence.we can produce humans cheaply – our expanding population over the centuries demonstrates that. done properly, it’s supposed to be fun for everyone involved – thus the expanding population. when you compare how many humans are born in unit time, it’s a bit boggling to consider why we would think that making ai’s like us, that emulate us, is somehow important.is it driven by a test that someone created in 1949?continue reading →using the deepseek-r1 model with privacy: ollama

2025-01-272025-01-27 ~ taran  ~ leave a commentthe new deepseek models have been causing a lot of speculation and, while there’s the political china bogeyman in the news a lot (particularly around tiktok), tech leaders have a different spin on the rise of deepseek.thus i’ve been playing with the deepseek-r1, the reasoning model, that weighs in at 4.7 gigabytes. i was going to play with deepseek-v3, but that weighs in at 404 gigabytes and seemed a bit much.aside from the obvious editing that happens in china regarding things that aren’t what the chinese communist party want to be disseminated (tiannemen square, tibet, etc), this reasoning model has been on par with chatgpt 4o for my purposes which cover… well, a lot.it also doesn’t cost me $20/month as chatgpt 4o does, keeps what i send it quiet because i have it installed locally, and because of that, despite being made in china, gives me a lot more bang for the buck.how can you try it out?the key to using a llm locally and easily is by using ollama.if you don’t have it installed yet, i wrote up how to do that in may 2024: installing your own llm on your computer with ollama. it covers windows, linux, and apple (and i have installed on each).continue reading →technology and ai over the next 4 years?
2025-01-252025-01-25 ~ taran  ~ leave a commenti haven’t written for a while on a few things because i was soaking in what things were looking like. the fact that tech billionaire’s were at trump’s inauguration is noteworthy, though open to interpretation. are we seeing an oligarchy? is it just about business? or is it that they simply paid to be there by funding his campaign?i could speculate. i don’t know. what i do know is that there is an interesting coincidence that those same tech billionaires have a lot of data at their fingertips, and the whole tiktok (and the presence of the tiktok ceo at the inauguration) debacle might indicate a sharing of something that the united states government is notorious for having a hunger for: data. from tailoring algorithms to scraping for ai, the whole thing smells of data.brooke harrington spoke about the ‘broligarchy’ in an interview with jon stewart, and they were leaning heavily toward that – but i really think it’s about the data and the algorithms.it’s a peculiar enough bunch that is involved, but they all have one other thing in common other than being rich. they’re rich off of other people’s data. and then, too, some are more… well.  post by @andrewstroehlein@mastodon.socialview on mastodon   from a privacy standpoint, this doesn’t bode that well for people who use those platforms. i’m not going to speculate into conspiracy theory, but the u.s. government already has access to all that data except tiktok’s, which they may have soon enough. the servers are in the united states, under u.s. jurisdiction, and the only immigrants that this administration seems to be ok with are h1-b visas.then there’s the ongoing china trade issues, as well as an ai technology race with china that china has been doing surprisingly well at by using open source.there’s a lot of room for speculation. i’m not going to go further than that because while i have my own political thoughts, i’m not into politics and this site isn’t either. however, i would be remiss not to mention what could be a strong connection that could drive a lot of things – some good, some bad.we’ll have to wait and see.diy electronics and electrostatic discharge (esd)

2025-01-022025-01-02 ~ taran  ~ leave a commentevery now and then i come across videos of do-it-yourself electronics, and about 90% of the time i cringe because it’s apparent that electrostatic discharge (esd) isn’t considered a factor related to longevity of electronic devices. no wrist strap, just someone’s onlyfans hands running their fingers luxuriously over circuits.it’s fun (at least for the cool kids) to build our own stuff, or tweak it. yet not paying attention to it doesn’t make it go away – it can kill something you just bought making you wonder if it was dead when you got it, or worse, impact it just enough so that it weirds out on you, causing you to fall into debugging hell.manufacturers take a lot of effort to make sure esd doesn’t affect what they manufacture. then they package it up so that no esd affects what they built, and then it somehow shows up at a diy person’s house. they don’t go through all that trouble so that you can zap it with some electrostatic discharge yourself.continue reading →ai roundup 2024: a knowprose.com year in review
2024-12-292024-12-28 ~ taran  ~ leave a commentah, 2024. the year ai stopped being a trendy buzzword and became… well, let’s face it, a coworker you’re not sure if you trust or love. it’s been a rollercoaster of innovation, debates, and the occasional existential crisis. let’s dive into the highlights of this wild ai year, with just the right amount of sass.continue reading →synthetic recursion and ai: how it might help original creators

2024-12-282024-12-28 ~ taran  ~ 1 commentrecently, i posted about deepseek on mastodon and found it predictable that certain things about china were not in it’s responses. almost immediately, nathan hamiel pointed out that it thinks it is chatgpt.continue reading →it’s not a bad mouse, maybe it’s something else

2024-12-262024-12-26 ~ taran  ~ leave a commenti have this argomtech ms42 mouse i picked up while i was on a trip to maryland. it’s was driving me crazy lately with it dropping selections in the middle of a selection. the mouse was selecting things it shouldn’t – which is a problem with just about anything. this has been happening for a few weeks, and i found whenever i rebooted the computer it would settle down. it was being a bad mouse.continue reading →windows 10 losing support in about 9 months

2024-12-23 ~ taran  ~ leave a commenti’m pretty well insulated from windows 10 losing support personally. what microsoft systems i have are windows 11 already, and most of my stuff is done in linux. i even have an apple m1 around here somewhere which smells a bit of regret.yet i have other concerns.i presently serve on a volunteer board for a residential management company that has been around since 2019 or so, and the technology has not been a priority since there have been plenty of figurative fires to put out, the board itself has not always been technology savvy, and until this past year contractors in the office have not lasted very long for a variety of reasons.we have around 200 residents, with a maximum somewhere above 264.the office has a bunch of windows 10 laptops, which of course is going to be a problem. factor in the escalation of the trade war between the united states and china, i expect hardware costs to go up significantly in trinidad and tobago – it used to be that you could order off of amazon.com and bring things down, and this is still true, but with china producing pretty much everything on amazon.com, direct purchasing of chinese manufactured hardware may be a better option in the time frame we’re looking at.the hardware right now is a sort of ad hoc group of 3 laptops, not on a network, with internet access, all running windows 10, with information spread across various microsoft 365 documents and for some peculiar reason, past boards decided that email accounts were a great way to store information as well – all on the hook of microsoft again. there have been issues with the email quotas of outlook where microsoft pretty much says, “just throw more money at us”, causing some emails not to be sent or received from residents in non-obvious ways.it’s a bit of a mess.since no actual databases are being used – there’s a strange propensity to call any collection of information in any form of document a ‘database’ for some reason, i have been developing an actual database system utilizing open source tools, but at the end of 2024 with only a little over 8 months to assure continuance of services when microsoft gives up it’s support, i’ve become more serious about the overall architecture and avoidance of vendor lock-in that previous boards embraced.the non-technical people think it’s just a matter of waving a magic wand. it isn’t.other factorsno one seems to have audited the software costs of the office or tried to decrease the cost of software in the office, it seems, so a software audit is in the offing.the laptop screens are about the same size of the glasses that people in the office have, which is a good indicator that we need better sized screens. i’ve spent time in the office watching people in the office traverse large spreadsheets on small monitors while squinting – even the lady who says, “it’s fine” squints. that’s not good. dealing with those large spreadsheets is already a problem in avoidable human error, but on small screens it’s even worse – especially when part of the job is being interrupted. thus, the database system i’m working on, but decent screen sizes seems like something that will need to happen.sharing documents has also been problematic. when i was on the board previously, i used google drive almost exclusively for documents that had no personal information in them. other boards went to onedrive, which is fine, but now we’ll be dealing more with private information and privacy is paramount in a residential community. they say that good fences make good neighbors – that applies to data as well. the better idea is to have a local document server on the network, though this limits what can be shared outside of the office.onedrive or google drive could be used, but there are privacy concerns despite microsoft and google’s best efforts – which can probably be bypassed with encryption of compressed documents to be shared.given all of that, the overall cost of new hardware may still be an issue, and converting the systems to linux isn’t a great choice for me because then i’ll have to live in the office for tech support. we have one whiney apple user using microsoft presently, and two windows users, and throwing linux at them is not a great option. i wish it was. i saw this morning an article translated from german talking about chromeosflex that could be a good fit on older or new hardware. it’s not as private as i would like, but neither is windows. it’s something to look into, and could reduce costs for microsoft office – though mobioffice is also getting a lot of great press. i used libreoffice myself because it works across my systems, but there are issues with formatting that still pop up and it isn’t ideal for an office that interacts with other companies and residents where microsoft is ubiquitous.what to do?at this point, the best i can think of is hope for a bit of serendipity before the end of the first fiscal quarter, because companies are seeing the opportunity of getting windows 10 users, and if the trade wars between china and the united states continue escalating, software costs will have to decrease as hardware costs go up to balance budgets of companies.there are also human factors, as i alluded to with screen size and squinting. people my generation and above are pretty good at putting things on the back burner and muscling through, but these are issues that impact our ability to work with technology. it’s a part of the user experience (ux) in a company, and that ux can help decrease or increase human error. i’ve seen that too many times.it’s already happening with offline ai, where some are wrapping ollama in nice neat packages so companies can work offline with their documents. more on that in a future post. we need a linux distro with ai.
2024-12-21 ~ taran  ~ leave a commenti was chatting with a few folks on mastodon about an article related to windows 10 going dark within a year – of course, i suggest moving to linux – but people are anxious of the unfamiliar, dislike change (particularly apple users, in my experience), and probably relate most to bilbo baggins in the first 10 minutes of the hobbit.i should think so—in these parts! we are plain quiet folk and have no use for adventures. nasty disturbing uncomfortable things! make you late for dinner! i can’t think what anybody sees in them.
the hobbit, bilbo baggins to gandalf, 1937it’s not their fault, really. for the casual user it can be daunting.it could be easier…well, if it were more friendly. a new linux machine is a sight to behold, a thing of beauty when contrasted with the bloatware of microsoft. but we’re talking about revitalizing windows 10 machines full of stuff that they’re emotionally attached to.backing up things is always the first step, really. checking if your machine can run linux is another, and they pretty much all can, but not necessarily with everything.bootable linux distros are always good for that, but imperfect. you plug them in, boot your machine, and make sure everything works. this doesn’t always work great with newer hardware, because the usb distros are lighter and may have less stuff.you have the driver issues, too, which are because some device driver manufacturers like you locked into the cycle of winblows1. some are just sadistic. it’s hard to tell if they aren’t one and the same.that got me thinking… what could make it easier?an ai, of course.if you’ve been listening to anyone with a keyboard or flat screen that they can tap on like a raven unable to say ‘nevermore’, you’ve heard about how ai will make everything better. in some very focused cases, it might, but for the most part, that’s just marketing.no, i’m talking about a distro with something like ollama that is loaded up with device driver information, perhaps even a cache somewhere, so if it finds hardware it helps the user locate the right driver – and inform the user of the choices available. an ai that helps people get what they want to get done… done… on their desktop that makes the change less traumatic than witty conversations with a narcissistic dragon…we need a tom bombadil ai that makes the transition from winblows to linux much easier. just looking and even acting like windows isn’t really enough, because linux is much more powerful for users if the users know about the stuff they can do.a llm could help with that, dressed up like a simple messenger that most websites annoyingly have, but one that can be queried about things specifically about linux.the good news is that this information is just laying around, and the community has licensed it in some open form or another. it will help the linux community have to say ‘rtfm’ less2. and, it would be a really wonderful use of ai that is practical for everyone. might even save them some money.i think the first distro with this sort of ai will be a major winner.oh dear, that looks like a typo… ↩︎my, we are a friendly bunch at times… ↩︎posts navigationprevioussearchsearchai
artificial intelligence
bias
big data
bureaucracy
business
caribbean
chatgpt
communication
copyright
culture
deep learning
economy
education
ethics
facebook
google
government
information
innovation
internet
language
large language model
law
life
llm
machine learning
marketing
media
meta
microsoft
openai
perspective
privacy
social media
socialmedia
social network
society
software engineering
technology
tiktok
trinidad and tobago
twitter
wordpress.com
writingjanuary 2025december 2024november 2024may 2024april 2024march 2024february 2024january 2024december 2023november 2023october 2023september 2023august 2023july 2023june 2023may 2023april 2023march 2023february 2023november 2022october 2022september 2022august 2022july 2022july 2021september 2019january 2019december 2018november 2018october 2018september 2018august 2018july 2018june 2018may 2018april 2018march 2018february 2018january 2018december 2017november 2017october 2017august 2017july 2017june 2017may 2017april 2017march 2017february 2017december 2016august 2016july 2016june 2016may 2016april 2016march 2016february 2016january 2016december 2015
proudly powered by wordpress
 ~ 
theme: penscratch by wordpress.com.  




