













walking in scotland - holidays & breaks | visitscotland








































































































































































































































































































































































































 


























skip to:  main menu  search  content  footer our websitesvisitscotlandbusiness eventstravel tradetoolkitcorporatevisitscotlandbusiness eventstravel tradetoolkitcorporatelanguageen languageenglishespañolitalianodeutschnederlandsfrançaisvisitscotland home places to go all places to gocities all cities  aberdeen  dundee  dunfermline  edinburgh  glasgow  inverness  perth  stirling popular places ben nevis  cairngorms national park  glencoe  loch lomond  loch ness towns all towns  aviemore  dumfries  fort william  kirkwall  lerwick  oban  peebles  pitlochry  st andrews islands all islands  isle of arran  isle of islay  jura  lewis & harris  mull  orkney  outer hebrides  shetland  skye regions aberdeen & aberdeenshire  argyll & the isles  ayrshire & arran  dumfries & galloway  dundee & angus  edinburgh & the lothians  fife  glasgow & clyde valley  loch lomond, trossachs, stirling & forth valley  highlands  perthshire  scottish borders toggle menu things to do all things to doattractions all attractions  ancestry  scottish arts & culture  castles  free attractions  history & heritage  museums & galleries  rainy days  top 20 attractions  tv & film locations outdoor activities all outdoor activities  cycling  fishing  golf  horse riding  mountain biking  sailing  ski & snowsports  walking & hiking  watersports food & drink all food & drink  beer & breweries  gin tours & tastings  whisky & distilleries landscapes & nature all landscapes & nature  beaches  ben nevis  15 beautiful lochs in scotland  national parks  the northern lights in scotland  standing stones  wildlife watching tours, routes & trails all tours, routes & trails  islands & island hopping  itineraries  scotland's unesco trail  tours  walking trails events all events  edinburgh's summer festivals  highland games  music festivals toggle menu accommodation all accommodationhotels & lodgings b&bs & guesthouses  budget hotels  hostels  hotels  luxury hotels  restaurants with rooms & inns caravan & camping all caravan & camping  campervan, motorhome & caravan holidays  glamping  wild camping self catering all self catering  cabins & lodges  cottages  flats & apartments  hot tubs  large groups unique places all unique places  boats, barges & boathouses  brochs & blackhouses  castles  churches other accommodation accessible accommodation  eco accommodation  exclusive use venues  luxury accommodation  magical places to stay  pet friendly accommodation  romantic  wedding venues toggle menu travel & planning all travel & planningtravel to scotland from england & wales  from europe  from ireland  from north america  from other continents travel in scotland air  bus & coach  ferry  train driving in scotland all driving in scotland  car hire  driving routes  electric vehicles when to visit all when to visit  spring & easter  summer breaks  autumn breaks  winter, christmas & new year practical information eco-travel  faqs  holiday carbon calculator  passes & offers  passports & visas  weather ideas & advice travel blog  travel newsletter  icentre visitor information holiday types accessible holidays  beauty spots  budget-friendly holidays  countryside breaks  family holidays  farm stays  off the beaten track holidays  solo travel  weekend breaks  wellness retreats toggle menusearchtoggle menuwhat are you looking for?searchclose search formtoggle caption information walking in the pentland hills homethings to dooutdoor activitieswalking & hikingshare walking in scotland walking in scotland means mighty mountains to conquer, ancient forests and dramatic coastal paths to meander, charming villages to uncover, and exciting city routes to discover. whether you want a scotland walking holiday, or simply an afternoon's stroll, let the fresh air and sunshine do wonders for your mood. explore one of scotland's best assets - the right to roam our great outdoors!winter walkstoggle caption information calton hill  © visitscotland / kenny lam where will you wander?winter is a great time to go walking in scotland, as long as you wrap up warm and #thinkwinter! it's important to plan ahead and consult outdoor safety advice, especially if you are in the hills. stuck for inspiration? we have you covered with some spectacular winter walks. we even have suggested routes where you can rest your legs with a refreshing pint at the end.  13 best winter walks in scotland  walking the bones of scotland  10 stunning pub walks in scotland  8 stunning walks with foodie spots nearby  hes guided ranger walks  find more routes and trails plan your walk in scotlandone of the best ways to get to know a place is on foot. scotland is lucky to have all of the essential ingredients which make it a world-class walking destination.toggle caption information beinn eighe national nature reserve  © visitscotland / kenny lam walking route inspirationscotland is blessed with jaw-dropping trails and an extensive network of waymarked paths and routes to suit people of all abilities. 7 of the best walks in scotland  14 scenic short walks for families  long distance walks in scotland for beginners  12 peaceful waterfall walks in scotland  13 best winter walks in scotland toggle caption information beinn eighe national nature reserve, the highlands  © visitscotland / kenny lam hill walking routesscotland is full of hikes and trails up our tallest peaks. from conquering a munro or starting off with a smaller corbett or graham, our mountains never disappoint! scottish munros - hill & munro bagging  munro bagging in scotland for beginners  corbetts, glens and grahams to climb in scotland  9 alternative must-climb hills to ben nevis in scotland  ben nevis  find more on hill walking toggle caption information a family enjoy a day out to craik forest accessible walking routesscotland has plenty of accessible paths and trails to choose from for an enjoyable day out in nature! find out more at: disability information scotland  phototrails  forestry & land scotland - accessible forests general advice for walkingfind advice and information on weather, accommodation and more to keep you safe when walking in scotland. take advantage of the right to roam our incredible landscapes, making sure you enjoy these responsibly. check out the scottish outdoor access code for more guidance. scottish outdoor access code explore scotland's outdoor land responsibly by following the scottish outdoor access code, which applies to most land and inland water. walkhighlands find detailed information and maps for walking routes throughout scotland. mountaineering scotland find more great mountain and hill walks in scotland. national trust for scotland - walking the national trust for scotland have got some of the best walking routes on their properties. forestry and land scotland - walking trails discover local woods for dog walking and majestic mountain viewpoints in some of the world’s most iconic scenery. mountain weather be prepared and get the latest updates from the mountain weather information service. pathwatch report path features and problems so scotland's trails stay accessible to walkers. a guide to outdoor safety in scotland scotland's scenery can be stunning but also wild and rural. be prepared with the correct clothing and equipment. heading to the scottish hills - #thinkwinter! remember to "think winter" before setting out and ensure you have the necessary safety equipment and skills for a safe climbing season. wildfire prevention fire can ignite easily, spread fast and burn with high intensity. scottish outdoor access code for dog walking all you need to know about dog walking in scotland to be a responsible dog walker. walking toursexplore scotland's trails and routes with an experienced and knowledgeable guide. view all share onfacebookpinterestwhatsapptwitteremail find experiences  search a wide range of accommodation, events, food & drink options and things to do from indoor and outdoor attractions to activities, tours and more. javascript needs to be enabled to see this product search form. you can turn this on in your browser settings. other things you might like category: places to go scotland's national parks and natural heritage sites category: things to do scottish wildlife - animals & attractions in scotland category: things to do scotland's landscapes, scenery & nature category: things to do fun outdoor activities in scotland category: travel & planning sustainable & responsible tourism in scotland category: things to do 20 stunning places to watch a scottish sunrise category: places to go countryside breaks in scotland next join our newsletter clan  get scotland inspiration direct to your inbox. don't miss the inside track from our scotland experts on exciting trip ideas, unique attractions and hidden gems loved by locals.  get the scotland newsletter visitor informationvisitor informationvisitor information centresget in touchget in touchcontact usfeedback & complaintsget a free business listingsubmit an eventour other sitesour other sitesbusiness eventstravel tradetoolkitcorporatescotland is now find us on  find us on about usaccessibilityacceptable usecookiesenvironmental policyprivacysocial mediaterms of usebrand scotland © 2025  visitscotland. all rights reserved. 












































































































































































































































