



	the prout school - a catholic, coeducational, college-prepatory, high school























apply  |   donate  |   virtual tour  |  plusportals  i  calendar


applying to prout















life at prout life at proutour catholic identity2024-2025 school year informationschool calendarguidance departmentcollege and career counselingstudent activitiesschool storeschool cancellationsfor volunteersadmissions the prout advantagethe admissions processtuition & financial assistancefor accepted studentsfor transfersinternational studentsacademics academics at proutib programcore curriculumelectivesacademic support servicesap programour facultyathletics athletics at proutcrusader athletic teamsmeet our coaching stafffall 2024 athleticsclub sport: sailingathletic hall of famearts the arts at proutdancemusictheatrevisual artsupcoming performancesgiving giving to proutsupporting the fieldways to givethe prout fundfundraising eventsabout us about us faculty/staffalumnicontact information & directionsprout school historypublicationsfacilitiesjob listings






group of studentsdiscover the prout advantage. academic rigor, athletic opportunity and exceptional arts education in our catholic community.art classvisual arts electives include drawing, painting, ceramics, and fiber arts.teacherour dedicated faculty and staff are always willing to support students with extra help before and after school.dancingan accomplished, full-time dance teacher allows us to offer dance instruction as part of the curriculum.bandmake your own kind of music in our concert band or string ensemble. we also offer choir, a jazz band and a cappella club.religionwe are a catholic community. each day starts with prayer, and we come together monthly to celebrate mass. service to others is integral to our catholic identity.graduationstudents find success in the classrooms, in the studios, on the fields and through extracurricular activities. 100% of our well-rounded students graduate from prout and 99% go on to find success at colleges and universities around the world.theaterour talented students sing, dance and act in several stage productions each year culminating in a blockbuster spring musical. our coffee houses offer additional performance opportunities.girls softball teamprout’s smaller school size allows our athletes to gain more experience in the field, move to varsity faster, and even try new sports for the first time. that combined with our dedicated coaching staff has resulted in the long list of all-state athletes and many division and state championships.lacrosseprout athletes compete on 24 interscholastic teams with jv and varsity programs.science classthe prout school challenges every student, with college-prep, honors, and some advance placement courses. we are the first high school in rhode island off the prestigious international baccalaureate program, which provides unmatched preparation for college.previousnext









view a 360º virtual tour of the prout school.
we hope this tour gives you a sense of our campus, facilities and school community.
launch virtual tour


prout_flyover from prout school on vimeo.

becoming a student
donate now
info for parents
alumni







upcoming events:
2024-2025 academic calendar 
january calendar  
martin luther king day: january no school 
mid-year exams: january 16-23 no school on january 24 
high school placement test (hspt) make-up date: january 25, 2025.  exam registration with within the application for admission. click here to apply. 
you’re invited to a fabulous evening of fun and gathering!prout ladies paint night out. join us for a night filled with laughter, connection, and relaxation. click here to register. 
 date: monday, february 3, 2025 time: 6:30-8:30 location: tower hill brewing - south county commons what: gnome painting with pizza and salad included for only $20.
  
 
 
 

be a crusader! 
we are offering private tours of our facility and the campus to prospective students and their families. we are also offering shadow visits. contact sharon deluca via email or at 789-9262, ext. 514.  
come learn about our academic opportunities, athletic programs, arts, theatre and clubs.
hear about our amazing college placement program and the prestigious international baccalaureate program for juniors and seniors.      
click here to apply! 
to sign up for a tour or for answers to your admissions questions, contact admissions director sharon deluca at sdeluca@theproutschool.org.
we look forward to meeting you!

documents


2024/2025 student handbook


prout bullying policy


bullying incident report form





announcements






the prout school is a catholic, diocesan, coeducational college-preparatory school educating students in southern rhode island for more than 50 years. we have been an ib world school for more than 20 years.
the prout school does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, religious beliefs or ethnic origin.


our mission statement



the prout school is a vibrant catholic community that educates the whole person for productive membership in the global community by fostering quality in spiritual, academic, artistic and athletic pursuits. 













schedule a tour
shadow a student
how to apply
the prout school  |  4640 tower hill road, wakefield, ri 02879  |  directions
phone: 401-789-9262  |  fax: 401-782-2262  |  email us
 
© 2020, the prout school. all rights reserved.   privacy | site map
 
 





find us on facebook
follow us on twitter
follow us on instagram
enews signup

 
faculty email login








built with cyber publisher powered by envision




