















laura schwartz | emcee, keynote speaker and commentator
























 







skip to content



news
gallery
 



home


































































meet laura
virtual services
emcee
keynote
commentator
author
 

                engage laura            













menu



 







experience the power of connection







play video




                engage laura            








about laura schwartz
laura schwartz is all about connection. whether appearing on your stage or virtually through your screen; she connects to your audience, to your brand, to your objective, to people. as a professional emcee and keynote speaker, laura motivates and inspires leaders across the globe and all industries delivering a powerful message to every audience — connecting them with you and your goals to create a lasting impact for your event. laura was named one of the 100 most influential people in global events in 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024.
get to know her more:





 
                            discover laura’s keynotes                        





 
                            see laura’s emcee portfolio














                                        professional emcee                                    

                                            charismatic & versatile                                        













                                        keynote speaker                                    

                                            authority & energy                                        













                                        tv commentator & host                                    

                                            delivers & connects                                        













                                        author                                    

                                            advice & expertise                                        








dynamic clients



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 







                    your presence helped vitalize the whole presentation, and thanks to your contribution, we saw great media coverage outcome from the 
ces 2020.

                    
hyundai motor group





                    we loved your energy & enthusiasm — you were exactly what we needed! always a real bonus in any event!                    
eric odone, vice president of the americas, cathay pacific airways limited





                    i’ve never seen a gala crowd so enthusiastic and ready to give! thank you for combining our mission with purpose and connecting it to every attendee in that
room and beyond!                    
holly messick vice president, corporate relations american heart association







            career highlights        





 


award winning global speaker and podcaster since 2001
2021 podcast of the year with itv news,  named one of the 100 most influential people in global events by eventex in 2023, 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019, named one of the best keynote speakers by meetings and conventions  and one of the top 7 speakers in u.s. by successful meetings





 


featured on covers and inside industry magazines
the meeting professional, smart meetings, connect, live europe, evento finland, spice news australia





 


television commentator and host
on contract – on air television commentator since 2001: fnc, cnn, cbs, bbc & was the fill in guest host for larry king; covered 7 elections & inaugurations for major television networks fnc, cnn, cbs, msnbc, bbc and itv and appears as the american contributor to australia's today show





 


international acclaim
first american woman featured on cover and inside the  sme advisor middle east, the national dubai, new zealand herald, south african independent, ilta sanomat, the guardian, europe ceo, and the times of london





 


author
eat, drink and succeed published in 2010, finnish version 2015 and audiobook 2018; contributing writer in fast company





 


women’s magazine features
named elle boss by elle, featured in marie claire and glamour. named one of the 100 most influential women in chicago by today’s chicago woman. named one of chicago’s 5 most bold and beautiful by chicago magazine





 


youngest female presidential appointee, the white house 1993-2001 
with no political connections, laura began volunteering the day after the 1993 inauguration and rose through the ranks as staff assistant, the midwest press secretary, the white house director of television and ultimately the white house director of events 









engage the dynamic team at laura schwartz live for your next event!
for information on services and fees, contact ashley brooks at ashley@lauraschwartzlive.com.




            book now        



                see other services            








home


laura schwartz | emcee, keynote speaker and commentator





























        connect with laura
    





on facebook: lauraschwartz








on instagram: lauraschwartzlive








on twitter: lauraschwartz








on linked in: lauraschwartz








on you tube: lauraschwartzlive








by email: ashley@lauraschwartzlive.com








by telephone: +1 312 767 7415







        get laura's book
    



on amazon






on audible
































© 2025 laura schwartz live site by timezoneone





















