













king's deer golf club | monument, co | public course - home














































 









home     tee times     calendar



home     contact     (719) 559-4500


book tee times     club calendar             

 







 



golfcourse
course detailsbook a tee timejoin tee time waitlistrateslessonsswingtweaksjunior golfonline shoppingthe clubmembership
membershipclub eventsoutings& events
host an outinghost an eventcontactdirections
meet the staffpartners request donationemploymentcontact & directions 
















 
slide1tee times18 championship holes of golf & colorado splendor await.book onlineslide2host an eventperfect for banquets, holiday parties & more. host up to 120 guests.learn moreslide3golf outingsthe perfect venue for a corporate or charity outing like no other.start hereslide4membershipcheck out our annual memberships with great benefits and options.learn moreslide5pga instructionlooking to take your game to the next level? our staff is ready.click hereslide6what's going on?view our club calendar and get involved in all the fun we have to offer!calendarslide7junior golfget involved in one of the most extensive junior programs in the area.join today 




















welcome to king’s deer golf club
the golf course at king’s deer is a regulation 18-hole championship golf course. it was designed and built by redstone golf group and opened to much fanfare in 1999. throughout it’s history, king’s deer golf club has earned a reputation for its outstanding conditions, friendly staff and quiet atmosphere with great views of pikes peak and the front range.
with four sets of tees, the golf course layout will test the abilities of golfers of all skill levels. our lush rolling fairways and smooth undulating greens give the feeling of a scottish links style course making your golfing experience truly exquisite. visit king's deer for a round today!
membership information    book a tee time






















golf outings
we welcome outings of all sizes. from charity tournaments to corporate events, we'll provide a memorable experience.

learn more













membership
a membership at king's deer means a lot more than just golf. you'll enjoy exclusive benefits & become part of our family.

learn more













club events
we love to host several 'club events' each year, dedicated to our members and club guests. see what's going on this year!

learn more






















king’s deer golf club is a championship 18 hole course in monument, colorado. it was designed and built by redstone golf group and opened to much fanfare in 1999. throughout it’s history, king’s deer has earned a reputation for outstanding conditions, friendly staff, and quiet atmosphere. with great views of pikes peak and the front range, king's deer is just a short drive from denver or colorado springs.
tour the course 













ready to book a tee time?

click here







 upcoming eventsno events

view full calendar
 news to know






public outing dates available

dates are filling up fast, so please contact us today if you'd like to schedule a group of 20 or more on select days.
click here





beer series scrambles

join us for the beer series scrambles - select saturday shotgun starts open to all!
may 28th - 9amjun 25th - 8amjul 30th - 8amaug 27th - 8amsep 24th - 9am
click here















© king's deer golf club • 19255 royal troon dr • monument, co 80132(719) 559-4500 • privacy policy • contact • sitemap • website by: the rwm company    
























golfcourse
course detailsbook a tee timejoin tee time waitlistrateslessonsswingtweaksjunior golfonline shoppingthe clubmembership
membershipclub eventsoutings& events
host an outinghost an eventcontactdirections
meet the staffpartners request donationemploymentcontact & directions


king's deer golf club19255 royal troon drmonument, co 80132











 









×




×



not finding the tee time you want? 
sign up in 30-seconds (for free) and never manually search for tee times again! set up your preferences and receive text/email alerts when the tee times you want become available
get notified

king's deer app
did you know king's deer golf club has an app? search king's deer golf club in the apple store or google play store and download it to book online tee times, order food from the restaurant, and more!
apple  google 





