





get your florida fishing report here!


























skip to content







get your florida fishing report here!









menu
privacy policy
 









shark fishing 101


 ashley bailey
default

 may 16, 2019may 16, 2019

 shark fishing can be energizing and fulfilling, however, for the novice, it can likewise be an activity in persistence and dissatisfaction.
 sharks can be critical eaters, despite prevalent thinking, and are exceptionally specific in where they stay. while it might be a test to get that first snare in, when you have battled with your first shark you will be dependent for an amazing remainder. some significant sharks fishing tips to enable you to arrive that first brute.
 pensacola shark fishing is among the most energizing kinds of fishing that you will ever do. shark fishing is just for the striking, the solid, and the general population that are prepared for the greatest adrenaline stream of their life.
 there is a wide range of sharks to angle for; from lemon sharks to tiger sharks to extraordinary white sharks. sharks are found in practically any sort of saltwater at any area. great spots to search for sharks are close reefs where littler fish are situated in which they are bolstering. sharks likewise have been known to hang out around sandbars.
 some extra great tips for getting sharks are ensure when looking for sharks you have a solid handle. expect to get a shark that gauges well more than 300 lbs. it is basic that you have a solid fishing line; no less than 100-pound test line just as a pole that won’t break with a fish that huge on. you need to utilize a solid handle to get solid fish. have some pal with you that you can dump it into the water so as to pull in the sharks.
 sharks are interested animals with extraordinary faculties that can detect anything strange and they will be pulled in to the pal you toss in the water. when the sharks gather around the pal, they will be prepared to benefit from your draw. have a few bars with you. having more than one pole thrown out will give you a superior opportunity to snare a shark and in this manner to have the fishing background of your life. 
among the most ideal approaches to get a shark is to get some mackerel before you go shark fishing and utilize the mackerel so as to get a shark. indeed, even a major fish like that can’t disregard that lure and if you can get some mackerel as the snare, you will, in the end, get a colossal shark and have a story to tell everybody your bait is also among the most significant things to look when shark fishing.
 keep in mind that sharks like blood, substance, and have an extraordinary feeling of smell. among the best baits for shark fishing is four to five inches cut of eel that has gotten an opportunity to age for a couple of hours. solidified squid additionally works particularly well.
a few people even prefer to utilize little crabs as shark bait. at long last, when fishing for sharks remember to have a gaff with you so as to discharge the fish or if you are keeping it, acquire it the vessel for a pleasant feast. numerous individuals don’t understand it, however, the shark is a delicious fish. fishing during the evening is likewise a profitable strategy for pensacola shark fishing as they like to feed nocturnally. 






the best fishing charter in pensacola


 ashley bailey
default

 april 12, 2019april 13, 2019

  hi everyone and welcome back to another week full of helpful information. this week we have fishing charter in pensacola own captain zack strickland of strickly fishing charters. we sat down with captain zack and discussed some of the things that are happening in his area right now! we asked about how the fishing has been and zack responded with “the fishing is really starting to heat up here in pensacola. we are seeing a lot of redfish, sheepshead, black drum, and the big sharks are starting to move in.” when we asked him what makes the spring so good in pensacola , captain zack told us how this time of year the migrating fish that swim up the coast of florida finally make their way up to the panhandle. these fish include pompano, cobia, king mackerel, and spanish mackerel. sight fishing cobia off pensacola beach is about as fun as it gets. “we use boats with large towers and troll up and down the coast” zack said ” waiting for the chance to spot a cobia and then present a bait”. this can be tedious at time but defintely can pay off.  
  another fun fish to catch this time of year is the sheepshead. in the spring time we catch these fish during their spawning cycle. once they finishing spawning they then begin to feed again and we see their fish in large numbers. they also catch a lot of redfish and black drum fishing for sheepshead. all three of these inshore fish are a fun fight and believe me they are great on the table as well.  
  spanish mackerel are another fish to catch in the spring in pensacola. we cactch these fish cruising down the beach in massive schools. they use bucktail jigs and any kind of shiny plug will do the trick. when fishing for these be prepared for numerous hook ups instantly. also make sure you use heavy monofilament or wire leader as these fish have sharp teeth.  
  last thing i talked to captain zack about was what to expect for the next few weeks and he replied with “it is just going to get better and better”. the way the panhandle is located in the northwest corner of florida the fishing only gets better through april and may. be prepared for all the fish stated above and you are sure to have great success.  
  if you are visiting the area please be sure to check out captain zack strickland with strickly fishing charters– https://www.stricklyfishingcharters.com/






the best pensacola beach fishing charter


 ashley bailey
default

 march 12, 2019april 10, 2019


hi everyone and welcome back to another week full of helpful information. this week we have pensacola beach fishing charters own captain zack strickland of strickly fishing charters. we sat down with captain zack and discussed some of the things that are happening in his area right now! we asked about how the fishing has been and zack responded with “the fishing is really starting to heat up here in pensacola beach. we are seeing a lot of redfish, sheepshead, black drum, and the big sharks are starting to move in.” when we asked him what makes the spring so good in pensacola beach, captain zack told us how this time of year the migrating fish that swim up the coast of florida finally make their way up to the panhandle. these fish include pompano, cobia, king mackerel, and spanish mackerel. sight fishing cobia off pensacola beach is about as fun as it gets. “we use boats with large towers and troll up and down the coast” zack said ” waiting for the chance to spot a cobia and then present a bait”. this can be tedious  at time but defintely can pay off. 
another fun fish to catch this time of year is the sheepshead. in the spring time we catch these fish during their spawning cycle. once they finishing spawning they then begin to feed again and we see their fish in large numbers. they also catch a lot of redfish and black drum fishing for sheepshead. all three of these inshore fish are a fun fight and believe me they are great on the table as well. 
spanish mackerel are another fish to catch in the spring in pensacola beach. we cactch these fish cruising down the beach in massive schools. they use bucktail jigs and any kind of shiny plug will do the trick. when fishing for these be prepared for numerous hook ups instantly. also make sure you use heavy monofilament or wire leader as these fish have sharp teeth. 
last thing i talked to captain zack about was what to expect for the next few weeks and he replied with “it is just going to get better and better”. the way the panhandle is located in the northwest corner of florida the fishing only gets better through april and may. be prepared for all the fish stated above and you are sure to have great success.
if you are visiting the area please be sure to check out captain zack strickland with strickly fishing charters– https://www.stricklyfishingcharters.com/
thanks for reading and god bless- ashley bailey






fishing report for florida in march


 ashley bailey
default

 march 6, 2019march 19, 2019

march is what most floridians consider a transition month when it comes to fishing. we see a lot of fish and bait fish starting to move with the water temperature warming up. cobia are a big town favorite. cobia are a large migrating fish that love a 70 degree water temperature. we also see a lot f permit and pompano starting to move this time of year. these fish are great eating an really fun fight! they feed on crustations mostly like shrimp, crab, and sand fleas. another fish that starts cruising down the beach are the spanish mackerel. these fish are usually in large schools and attack anything that comes close that resembles a small bait fish. king mackerel also cruise the beach. these fish like a larger bait like a blue runner or mullet. snook and tarpon also roam the beaches and will start making their migration in the coming months. we appreciate the support for the blog like you wouldn’t believe! it is awesome to see the positive feedback we have got already! 
thanks and we hope to see you on the next one!






first blog first fishing report! perdido key florida fishing charters


 ashley bailey
default, fishing charters

 february 27, 2019march 16, 2019

hi everyone and thanks for tuning in to our very first entry in our blog! we are excited about the new website and very excited to bring you up to date information from all through florida! this week we had a great conversation with captain bryant fields of all caught up fishing charters. “perdido key fishing charters are just about as good as it gets! the inshore fishing charters have been great this winter with lots of black drum, red drum, and sheepshead. we are using shrimp and cut bait to get these fish and it is a blast on light tackle.” these were captain bryant’s exact words”
the deep sea fishing charters in perdido have been great as well! we are seeing a lot of red snapper, amberjack, and vermilion snapper.these fish are hard fighting and great eating! it’s is always a fun experience to get out there and have the opportunity to catch something crazy while your out there. captain bryant suggest fishing a live bait down deep for a chance at a grouper and or amberjack! the vermilion snapper are being caught on squid fished near the bottom. all these fish are great eating as well! we can blackened, fired, or grill these fish and have a great dinner for the family. over in perdido we have some great restaurants that will cook it up for you as well. be sure to stop at one of them and have your fish fried up! 
the future forecast of fishing has a lot of great things coming its way in perdido key! we are suspecting a great spring run of sheepshead as well as a continuing run of redfish and black drum. for offshore we are hoping to see a lot of snapper, grouper, and triggerfish, as well as amberjack. we couldn’t be more excited about our 2019 year as florida fishing weekly. it is definitely going to be a ton of information as well as a lot of trophy catches! we are hoping to see a lot of great fishing charter reports from perdido key florida as well as the rest of the state of florida. it is definitely fun going out on the water spending a day relaxing and putting a line in the water. on a perdido key fishing charter you never know what you are going to catch! we are hoping to catch a lot of red snapper this year as well. we catch a lot of big fish in the gulf of mexico just miles away from the perdido key beach! 
this summer we are looking forward to a lot of shark fishing too. these big creatures are a ton of fun and always an awesome sight to see in the water! we use whole bonita as well as any other large fish to catch sharks out of perdido key! 
well this concludes our very first blog and hope to have many more this year as well as years to come. we wanna thank captain bryant fields of all caught up fishing charters in perdido key florida. y’all make sure to check out his website and give him a shout when you are around that way! https://www.allcaughtupfishingcharters.com/











copyright © 2025 get your florida fishing report here!. all rights reserved.theme: accelerate by themegrill. powered by wordpress. 










