 










theasis properties in peloponnese, finikunda, methoni, pylos  - theasis properties in peloponnese, finikounda, methoni, pylos



























 







 

 





 











properties

 






back




all properties






special offers






plots of land

 






back




all plots of land






€ 20k - € 99k






€ 100k - € 199k






€200k +












houses

 






back




all houses






€ 20k - € 99k






€ 100k - € 149k






€ 150k - € 199k






€ 200k - € 249k






€ 250k - € 299k






€ 300k - € 599k






€ 600k +












commercial






luxury collection












about






contact


















											 										english				



									deutsch				



									english				






 








 













































 






 




theasis properties – real estate started operating in 2001 in pylia (pilia), messinia, peloponnese.
we offer plots for sale, land for sale, holiday homes for sale, detached villas, luxury villas, houses with swimming pool, luxury properties, bungalows and beach houses, apartments, old stone houses, renovation projects, traditional houses and commercial properties for sale in the area of koroni, finikounda (finikounta), methoni, pylos (pilos), gialova (yialova), gargalianoi, filiatra, kyparissia (kiparissia) and kalo nero.
this is the south-western part of mainland greece, an ideal location for holidays or permanent residence. the climate is mild, the land fertile and the area is protected against dense and unregulated building. the area, due to the difficult accessibility until recent years was late in becoming a tourist destination.
the area is easily accessible. flights from european countries to the airport of kalamata, in the summer months for the time being, have been rapidly increasing from year to year. new roads are being constructed for easier access. the luxury golf resort features two brand new signature golf courses which will surpass expectations, offering a fun experience and a challenging test for golfers of all levels.
at a distance of merely 50 km you can enjoy a large variety of sightseeing: five important archaeological sites (castles and palaces) and dozens of smaller ones (mycenean graves, church ruins, catacombs, etc.) are located in the area. historic towns like the picturesque koroni, the beautiful methoni and the strategically important pylos (pilos) with its large beautiful natural harbour offer a wealth of interest. there are dozens of wonderful beaches and a large number of natural monuments and protected areas: cape akritas, the island complex of oinoussae with the lighthouse of sapienza, the waterfall of kalamaris, the wetland of gialova, the beach of voidokoilia - one of the most spectacular in europe - polylimnio with the adjoining lagoons and the waterfalls. many traditional villages, some by the sea, some hidden in the green hills are inhabited by friendly, hospitable people.
theasis properties is committed to ensuring the area benefits from sympathetic development. we welcome investment in the area but we want to preserve the features that make it so unique. we have a vested interest therefore in helping potential property owners create a home of their dreams. we invite you to come and see for yourselves what this special environment has to offer: you will not be disappointed.







 
















 















 



info

contactsitemap






like us









share it

 







 

 
    ©
            theasis properties
        2016 -     2025
    real estate in greece



 


 













