







jim croce | official website
































































































































              home
            

              biography
            

              music
            

        license
      

            gallery
          

              fan mail
            

              lyrics
            

              legacy
            

              contact
            
























































homebiographymusiclicensegalleryfan maillyricslegacycontact


















scroll






  

his life, music & legacy

 







 

his life

 

a lot of singers claim to write about “real life,” & maybe a lot of them do. but jim wrote about everyday life, as beautiful or ugly or mundane as it ever is. when jim croce stepped on stage at northwestern state university in louisiana on september 20, 1973, he was riding a wave of long-overdue success. over the prior year and a half, the 30-year-old singer/songwriter had gone from an opening act to the headliner. he had released two much-loved albums with a third, i got a name, due to come out in 10 days. since the release of his abc records debut, you don’t mess around with jim, in early 1972, croce had been working virtually non-stop. a surprise hit, the album produced three high-charting singles: the title track, "operator (that's not the way it feels)," and “time in a bottle,” and his follow-up, 1973’s life and times yielded his first #1 hit, “bad bad leroy brown.”




    read his full biography
  

 









 







   


““a fool i am and i’ll always be. they can change their minds, but they can’t change me.”

— jim croce

 







  

his musicthough jim croce was just 30 when he died, he packed a world of experience into his short-lived music career. when he wrote songs he kept it basic. jim said, “there’s something about approaching universal truths with the simplicity of the acoustic guitar. you can take it anywhere and it helps me reach listeners of all ages and walks of life.”jim croce’s discography includes his work as a solo artist and as a duo with his wife ingrid croce and with his good friend, lead guitarist maury muheleisen.(click an album cover to stream on your favorite platform)































































 







  



subscribe
sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.




email address






sign up





thank you!



   







 

his legacy

 

below is a small selection of how creators across the globe have carried on jim's legacy through a variety of covers and samples in their own interpretations of his songs and recordings. from dolly parton to the wu-tang clan, jim croce's creative influence has endured for generations of artists.






legacy gallery









 









bad, bad leroy brown- frank sinatra
















 









eric church - you don't mess around with jim (live at santander arena, reading, pa / may 18, 2017)
















 









ol dirty bastard - snakes


























lykke li - time in a bottle (originally by jim croce)
















 









dolly parton - bad bad leroy brown on the dolly show 1976/77
















 









brigád - rajongó feat nagy laci (produced by aza/scarcitybp)



















for more notable covers and samples from the croce catalog check out whosampled & second hand songs.

  

 











home



bio



can't change me quote



music



sign up



legacy








 

home biography music gallery lyrics 

 









 

fan maillicensing storelegacycontact 









copyright 2020 - croce music group, llc | terms & conditions | privacy policyweb design by zooby media









