


american appendix horse association official web site to register your horse as the appendix breed of horse. - american appendix horse association





























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








american appendix horse association, incloginmenuaaha home documents mission statement contact us






 


"the best of two breeds"
the appendix horse
tb/qh cross
aaha is registering the bloodlines of the thoroughbred & quarter horse cross into their own bloodline registry.  you can now bred two appendix horses and register their offspring! you can bred a thoroughbred to a quarter horse and register the offspring with no prejudice or having to rom the horse to be able to bred back to a thoroughbred again.  

 
can you look your horse in the eye and tell them they are not registered?
  aaha will help you register your horse  
call 888-607-2242 (aaha)













membership & horse registration








 the first step in registering your horse with aaha is to become a member.  choose your membership, then you will receive a link to the horse registration form.  aaha offers to types of registration.  the regular is for horses that you know both sides of the pedigree.  the hardship is for horses that you only know one side or neither side of the pedigree.  a regular registration is $60 any age.  a hardship registration is $100 any age and if your horse does not qualify for registration, aaha will refund all your fees.




  







annual membership $60
3 year membership $100
5 year membership $175

after membership signup, you will get an email with a link to register your horse


3 year and 5 year membership includes logo hat
5 year membership includes performance card

sign up


life time membership/1 horse registration package $250
includes
logo hat
logo t shirt
live time services
one horse registration
either regular or hardship
performance log/card

regular
sign up

hardship
sign up


one year membership with a tattoo search $60

sign up















additional services










dna services

dna kit with processing fee

dna disease panel

dna & micro chip

dna, disease panel & microchip package

micro chip only




reserve services

name reserve/branding 5 year

name reserve/branding life time

name reserve life time transfer fee





stallion services

stallion one time set up

stallion breeding report annual mare fee





other services

correction form

performance card

transfer of ownership $45 plus membership











the best of two breeds







share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twittercall today: (555)555-5555



home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









