












salco – še eno spletišče wordpress











































































































about the company

about us
fsc ®
environment
mission
history


references

references
solid wood & veneered items
metal, mirror & packaging
fink salco alpha (since 2021)


news

2024: austria and the netherlands2023: cfr2022: new planting of trees2021: our own solid ash table & chair
all news


contact
 en fr de




menu


menu











 solid wood & veneered furniture production


 see photos and send us your design / 3d model to get an offer.




[yt_video_autoplay]

 our quality 2025: we supply furniture to retail chains & furniture brands since 1994for 31 years we are producing furniture for european & american furniture brands.

you send us the design/3d model and the desired quantity, and we send you an offer. it takes us cca. 5 weeks to make the samples.

in 2025 we export regularly to france, england, austria, switzerland, denmark, the netherlands.close xspecialized in solid wood & veneered items, metal partswe are specialized in producing solid wood & veneered items, also we produce semifinished wooden parts & metal parts.close xengineering expertisebefore comfirming production of the item, the design is studied in detail by managing director

david hrastnik, phd. in wood sciences, and the customer is informed about potential weaknesses in the construction.close xadaptability 20+we can produce series as small as 20 piecs. or up to several hundred pieces. production units are of various sizes and specialization, so we can well meet any of our customers' particular requirements. net of production units is being revised based on quality standards achieved.close xcentral european locationall production units are located in slovenia, in the eu. slovenia enjoys a long tradition in furniture production, is rich in wood sources (forests cover 60% of the country), and the cost of labour is still reasonable. our central european location reduces transport time and costs, reduces lead time, and offers customers the chance to see their designs in production if they are interested.close xenvironmental responsibilitywe work in collaboration with the slovenia forest service and plant trees here in areas where they are most needed annually. we also hold the fsc® (forest stewardship council) certificate. we use wood cut from forests in the surrounding area. carbon footprint for your product is reduced due to shorter transport distances.close x
 


   salco d.o.o. koprska 94, 1000 ljubljana, slovenija, eu | tel.: +386 1 4236 830 email: info@salco.si
 
 

 






 
 
© all rights reserved 2025 / by:

























































scroll to top








spletni piškotki
z obiskom in uporabo spletnega mesta soglašate z uporabo in beleženjem piškotkov.
         preberi več ...


 v redu 




