ï»¿






















































welcome tomotorcycle riding schoolbuild your skills and get licensed with us. be a safer rider.

learn more












our process







                                                            start with an online classroom at home, at a time of your choosing prior to the on bike training.
                                                            the online class lays out motorcycling in an easy to understand format from fundamentals through street strategies.
                                                            then, join your coach(es) and classmates in historic beverly, ma for two half days of on-cycle instruction.
                                                            your riding will consist of a series of exercises which layer on riding techniques in a clever and fun way.
                                                        










build your distinctive skillset as you explore motorcycling in a fun, supportive and safer environment. the motorcycle riding school will help you build the confidence to get on the road and establish a foundation for lifelong learning.







ï»¿find a class

search









get a license

here









get a permit

here









directions

here













register
ready to sign up?



2025 class schedule















contact us












 

sign me up to receive email updates



i am a human and not a robot





























a new england power sportsâ® company


                                a new england power sports companyâ®, the motorcycle riding school is proud to be part of one of the largest group of motorcycle dealers in new england. learn to ride at the motorcycle riding school and then go out and find your adventure. learn more at newenglandpowersports.com


where to find us





address

                                        107 brimbal avenue
                                        beverly, ma 01915
                                    


phone

                                        (978) 338-1001



email

school administrator







facebook

@motorcycleridingschoolbeverly



google+

photos



google+

reviews









            â© 2025 motorcycle riding school - a new england power sportsâ® company. all rights reserved.
        


















 