







sod installation in charleston and mt. pleasant, sc | pallet of sod | turf sod | sodbusters









































































































































skip to content

















 homesod varieties bermuda grasszoysia grassst. augustine grasscentipede grassinstallationfaqsblogcontact 














homesodbusters2024-10-01t15:15:45+00:00 
residential sod sales & sod installation in charleston, sc and mt. pleasant, sc 
specializing in sod sales & sod installation of warm season turf sod. purchase by the pallet or individual pieces at our location.
get a free estimatesodbusters
sodbusters®, a division of nimmer turf and tree farm, inc. is a south carolina based corporation that has been in business for over 25 years. the farms are located in ridgeland, sc with a sales force located in charleston, mt. pleasant, daniel island & awendaw.
get a free estimatebenefits of proper and
complete soil preparation:
improved uniformity

increased density

faster recovery from wears

reduced use of water, fertilizer and chemicals

reduced maintenance
learn more about sod installationschedule your free estimate today
contact us nowour varieties
sodbusters® specializes in the sales and installation of warm season turf s0d, including bermuda, zoysia, centipede and st. augustine. we pride ourselves on our record of outstanding service coupled with the sales and installation of a quality product.
bermudalearn morezoysialearn morest. augustinelearn morecentipedelearn moreschedule your free estimate todaycontact us now



 
 





 
sodbusters® specializes in the sales and installation of warm season turf grasses in charleston, sc and surrounding areas.

looking for turf grass in other areas of south carolina?
visit the website of our parent company, nimmer turf farms.

visit nimmer turf

 

contact us 

843-514-0781
843-936-2295
1131 hwy 41
mt. pleasant, sc 29466


 

sod varieties 

bermuda grass
zoysia grass
st. augustine grass
centipede grass

 

more information 

sod installation
frequently asked questions
contact us

 

 
 
 





		copyright ©  sodbusters® | a division of nimmer turf & tree farm, inc. | all rights reserved sitemap  | website design by digitalcoast marketing llc 



 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

































































































                                            ←                                            


contact us


                                                    contact form                                                    





name



phone





email



address



approx. sqft to be sodded



message






















                                                phone                                                                                                    








 


go to top





