






alaska excavators - we are based in alaska and sell worldwide.
 









































 


























homeabout usmachines





by make

morookahitachikomatsuolympic 
 


by machine type

carrierstrailersmini excavatorsexcavatorsloadersdozers 
 
 

parts

morooka partsbuckets & attachmentsbulldozer canopiesdozer undercarriage parts
machine info





morooka info

current morooka modelsmorooka partsarchived morooka specsarchived morooka modelsarchived morooka dimensionscarriers at work 
 


komatsu info

komatsu brochureskomatsu dozer modelsd20 band brake adjustment 
hitachi brochures 


general info

excavator thumbsfuel treatment guide 
 
 

rentalscontact us 





select page


  
 
 










alaska excavators



see parts








the alaska excavators website is sponsored by equipment direct inc. and is information from a group of construction equipment specialists, based in alaska, that sell new and used construction machinery and parts worldwide. this website is geared toward our alaska customers and concentrates on parts sales and sales of morooka carrier dumpers, used mini-excavators and new olympic trailers.





see machines










carriers








mini excavators








trailers








excavators










testimonials






hi dave. just wanted to send a quick note to say thanks for making my purchase with your company quick and easy. the excavator arrived on saturday and it is just what i expected. it is in great shape and i already put it to work on a job.adam stern @ ars construction








the yanmar carrier arrived this morning! everything looks great and it started up and ran perfectly. it is exactly what i was looking for... thanks again to both of you!bryan @ great lakes fusion








 all and all we are still very happy with our little dozer. i'm glad you suggested we consider the d21 over the d20. it is not too small and not too large for the work we want to do, we can still haul it around with a pickup and the controls are great.tom weaver @ acs








cutting to the chase, i have been nothing more than smiles since i laid eyes on that dozer. the undercarriage is everything and more that you said it was and the rest of the machine is absolutely beautiful. it purrs like a kitten. there are not enough words to thank you for your honesty and integrity, those are hard things to find in people today. i can't thank you enough. chuck







see our ebay feedback report

search alaska license records : entity #97132









equipment direct, inc
sales@eqdirect.com

message & fax: 
1-907-696-7375
mail to: 
13232 mckinley way #425
willow, ak 99688 usa


 


machines
parts
rentals
contact us

 





terms of use  -  privacy policy



contact form

please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *email *comment or message *please include model #, serial #, zip code if inquiring about a part.submit 



 







copyright © 2021 alaska excavators. all rights reserved. 





































