















american widescreen museum - provided as a public service by hart & soul entertainment

  



in the cyber museum we feature extensive coverage of cinerama, cinemascope, technirama, panavision, vistavision, superscope, todd-ao, technicolor, cinecolor, kinemacolor and other motion picture photographic processes. in addition, the web site also features a great deal of historic material on the development of early motion picture sound systems of the variable area and variable density optical soundtracks, plus vitaphone sound on disc motion picture audio systems.




















viginti quattuor tabulae erunt per secundus


"this website is so thorough that it's exhausting..."noah robishon, entertainment weekly"this one's fun!"colorado film commission


minimum screen resolution requirement: 
1024x768 (or greater) recommended 
most recent update:
29 august 2015










we've expanded every section with big new
high resolution graphics! - browse away!

current number of pages on the site: 1,027       

 current number of graphic images on site: over 4,800





our virtual doors are always wide open (wider than our widescreen exhibits, if you can believe it) and your generous donations ensure that our pixels stay as sharp as our wit.so, if you've enjoyed your panoramic stroll through film history, consider dropping a dime (or several) into our digital donation box to keep the lights on and the film rolling!








our lovely usherettes will guide you to your choice of:











cinerama, cinemascope, vistavision, todd-ao, superscope, ultra panavision, cinemiracle, super panavision, technirama and more.more new hi-res graphics! additive, subtractive, cinecolor, technicolor, kinemacolor, pathé color, kodachrome, gaumont, colcim, horst, and other color systems.





poster gallerywestern electric, rca, deforest, variable density, variable area, fantasound, vitaphone, just lots and lots of old stuff.




a potpourri of high resolution images reproduced directly from motion picture prints and negativesposters make for crummy bar bets. this little gallery shows how uninformative they can be.promises, promises, promises. the electronics industry is trying to convince us that we are facing new wonders in television. find out the truth in this hard hitting exposé



  



if you don't own one now, you will own a widescreen tv some time in the near future. you need to be aware of some facts now in order to avoid some disappointments in the future.film restorer robert a. harris discusses restoration and preservation as they are and they ought to be. still relevant a dozen years after presented to a symposium.



we're not sure why, but we've received numerous requests to make this review available again. so here it is.


breathtaking new digital systemfind out why everyone's raving about it.



recorded in a



theatre
is that a cool logo or what?
guests of the american widescreen museum stay at the luxurious sheraton-town house in los angeles.this may create some confusion since the museum is located in houston. we apologize for any inconvenience. (free parking in houston)

e-mail the museum

©1995 - 2015 the american widescreen museumhttp://www.widescreenmuseum.comthe american widescreen museum is a wholly owned subsidiary of armadillo homemade moving picture and television company,an entirely ficticious entity located a stone's throw from delightful houston, texas, u.s.a.


cop outs and legal stuff

curator's note: every attempt has
    been made to ensure the information here is correct. since a
    lot of blustery rhetoric was issued in the promotion of many
    of these processes, it is entirely possible that factual
    errors do exist. we are not hypersensitive to corrections so
    feel free to e-mail the author with any information that you
    have.
photographic illustrations on this site
    are copyright © by their respective holders. the
    images are published in the belief that it is allowed by the
    copyright law's fair use or quotation provisions. if any
    copyright holder objects to an image being included, please
    notify the curator and the image will be removed immediately, though probably not cheerfully.


unless otherwise stated, all text is written by martin b.
hart, the curator,
©1995 - 2015 the american widescreen museum
we have begun using a special watermark on illustrations contained on this site. we're always glad to provide high quality images at nominal cost to those that need them for their websites but we get a little bitchy when folks just steal them.terms and conditions that apply to website contentlegal firm:  miller, colby, and pierce, llp
opinions that the sound of music and the greatest story ever told are boring are those of the curator and his opinions are final. don't bother complaining. frankly we'd send up a big cheer if someone would chop the negatives into millions of guitar picks.

sponsored by hart & soul entertainment



serviced by hdhead.com



