






























norwood auto italia – exotic auto service




































skip to content



 

menu


home
about
services
appointments
contact
race team
gallery













james patterson
ceo & sme: ferrari


michael luongo
shop manager


chris coffey
race and restoration manager



what we do
norwood auto italia is the leading specialist italian car support shop in the dfw area. we have extensive experience to service, repair, modify and restore all generations of italian cars and especially ferrari, lamborghini, and maserati products. in addition we can undertake race preparation and track support and invite potential participants to join our existing local or national programs.
 





what makes us different
our team has factory training and a combined 70 years of experience working on all versions of ferraris, lamborghini and maserati as well as lancia, alfa romeo and yes, even fiat cars. using our extensive supplier base and a range of used or refurbished parts, we can get your vehicle running even though the part you need may not have been manufactured for decades. and for the newer versions of these products, we have the factory mandated specialized test gear to set up the car and maintain your “fun” factor
we can also supply and fit specialist tires and alignments essential to the effective use of these pedigree rides.



our mission
we are the preferred supplier of service, maintenance, repair and restoration for italian cars in the dfw area that offers personalized care and continuing door to door support. thereby allowing our customers to enjoy their cars and not have to fret the details.










the latest learn about our latest local events, happenings in the shop & fun facts about caring for your baby.
 











restoration 

dino at the cavallino classic xxiv 

the dino takes platinum at the cavallino classic




more news...



















get in touch








3219 commander dr.
                                                     suite 100

carrollton,
                                                tx
75006








972-831-8111













monday — friday
                                                 8am — 5pm





copyright ©
                            2025 norwood auto italia

















