


home - national speakers association michigan




























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








member loginmenuhome events membershipabout who we are code of ethics chapter history board of directors nsa national contact usfind a speaker espeakers directory membership directory member publications tedx speakers member login









 
developing, inspiring and supporting michigan's community of professional speakers 
become a member
 attend an event 
find a speaker 








join the nsa michigan family
nsa michigan is the home of michigan's community of professional speakers. 



become a member 




      welcome to nsa michigan, i am excited to serve as the chapter president and continue building and supporting our community. the national speakers association – michigan chapter exists to support the business, skills, and development of professional communicators. our membership includes keynote speakers, workshop presenters, trainers, coaches, consultants, emcees and other professionals and aspiring professionals who use communication as the primary part of their business. if that is you, we are glad to have you. if that is not you, and you know someone, send them our way! the business of speaking is a lot of work with many moving parts. my personal experience has been that nsa michigan significantly shortened my learning curve through the wealth of knowledge generously shared by successful speakers and other leaders in the industry who want you do to well. our chapter lives the values of our national organization for abundant generosity, elevating excellence, intentional language, honorable innovation, and uplifting humanity. there’s no competition here – we want everyone to succeed. there is room for us all. this year we are particularly focused on building community and increasing engagement. these two pillars have historically been the foundation of our chapter and are integral to our longevity and over 40 years of providing support to speakers. we are here to support one another and use our skills and expertise to advance everyone.we are grateful for all our members' commitment to our chapter and shared profession. we are thankful for our chapter's history and the longevity of long-term members. we are excited about the energy and eagerness of new members and the freshness you add. wherever you are in your membership journey, we thank you for your contributions.if you’re considering joining us, feel free to explore our website, participate in a live virtual welcomelink session to get to know us better, attend one or our seminars, or reach out to someone on our team. we look forward to engaging with each of you at one of our chapter seminars or other events (storytelling competition, speaker showcase). we know you will have an amazing time.dr. leatrice r. brooks, ph.d., lp (lee-uh-tris)nsa michigan chapter president 2024-2025          





attend an event
nsa michigan events feature nationally recognized experts in the speaking industry. 
you'll leave our events with relevant knowledge that you can implement immediately. 

view events











find your next speaker



search our member directories to find a dynamic expert who will partner with you to make your next event a success.
 
find a speaker











contact us
p.o. box 996
farmington, mi 48336
(734)707-8985
info@nsamichigan.orgadd me to your mailing list    nsa michigan is a legal entity separate and distinct from nsa and is not entitled to act on behalf of or to bind nsa, contractually or otherwise.



home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









