












skyshed roll-off observatory plans - skyshed observatories



















































































 



scroll top




19th ave new york, ny 95822, usa
 





















join now 


















primary menu home
skyshed piers
skyshed pod
about us
contact us
 

















the ultimate d.i.y. roll off ob experiencebuilding plans for skyshed roll off observatorybuy now 
12 






skyshed roll off plans






our plans provide you with all the information you will need to construct an easy to build, attractive and fully functional backyard roll-off observatory. 95% of the materials are available from your local building materials retailer. piers are available from us and pier shop plans are included with the plans, or you can build your own less expensive pier. roof roll off tracks are available from your local overhead door wholesaler / retailer. track specs are included.






system requirements are pc pii/266 mhz with 32 megs of ram, windows 7 or above. 





use skyshed plans as a complete resource or as a jumping off point for your own ideas!






not designed for mac computers. although mac users who can run a windows compatible mode on their mac tell us it works for them. pls do not purchase unless you are certain you can open win .exe files on your mac in windows mode.






if you are ready to purchase, click the button below to be rerouted to our plans page on our e-commerce site at skyshedpod.com. if you have any questions, please contact us.



buy now 



 
slideslideslideslideslide 







 
slideslideslideslideslideslideslide 







 
slideslideslideslideslideslideslideslideslideslideslide 












after thoroughly researching the genre we came up with a new approach to pier design. 






now after 20 years years and thousands of piers in place around the world, our happy owners agree that we have devised an innovative pier design that is attractive, highly functional and affordable. owners love our piers. and do great work on them! photos taken on skyshed piers grace the pages and covers of magazines, photo contests, books, apods, websites, and more. well known astrophotographers utilize skyshed piers.





click here for more info 











six complete sets of plans included!





observatory sizes 6’x6′, 6’x8′, 8’x10′, 10’x10′, 10’x12′, 10’x14′
each plan is adaptable for roll left and roll right variations
over 100 step-by-step construction photos with individual text instructions
edrawing viewer for viewing the plans included in the files
rotate, pan, zoom, print individual plan views from the edrawing viewer
construction step views are also included in .jpg format for viewing in photo software programs
materials lists for each plan
additional printable step by step construction instructions in .txt format
4 1/2″, 6 5/8′ and 8 5/8″ steel pier plans and support jack plans. your local metal shop can build your pier
construction and maintenance hints and tips in .txt format
hours of fun and learning even if you’re just dreaming of building your own backyard observatory
lifetime access to new plans and information as they become available




skyshed plans customers include: 




employees of nasa
mit
ucla
northrop grumman space technology
hundreds of astro cub members
writers
astronomers
professors & teachers
clubs & schools and;
everyday people like us, all over the world!






don’t forget! you will need the free solidworks edrawing viewer to view your new plans



download now 


features from our owners gallery






take a look at some of the incredible images we get from our skyshed roll-off plans owners. 



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      hp photosmart 720           hp photosmart 720                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           olympus digital camera           olympus digital camera                      olympus digital camera           olympus digital camera                                                                                                       olympus digital camera           olympus digital camera                                                                                                       olympus digital camera           olympus digital camera                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 




















company





about us





contact us






support





privacy policy





payments & returns






fun stuff





skyshed instagram





facebook






 copyright © 2003- skyshed observatories





created by oaktree designs














company





about us





contact us





support





payments & returns





privacy policy





fun stuff





skyshed instagram





facebook






 copyright © 2003- skyshed observatories





created by oaktree designs














































