 





















home - capital region boces

























































 



















skip to content



 















calendar
contact us
our schools





x
facebook
instagram
youtube
linkedin
e-newsletter subscriptions











search for:


  search





capital region boces








    main menu	
home
about us
adult education
career & technical education
employment
programs & services
special education
trainings
















trusted partner in public education and workforce development.
preparing students for the workplace of today and tomorrow.
embrace your potential.
diverse learning opportunities for students of all abilities.
think smart. think cte.
cutting-edge, rigorous and relevant career and technical education for high school students.
 launch your next career.
boces adult education courses open doors.
expand your professional horizons.
professional development for innovative teaching and learning.
leadership, vision, technology.
working with districts to find just right technology solutions.



 




featured stories





                  students: we learn better at boces because we are treated as professionals                









                  students learn by preparing surgical instruments at albany medical center                









                  story and video! employers recruit cte students while expanding students’ industry knowledge                







all news

 





spotlight





                  gain the skills you need now for the career you desire in the future!                




area high school students can register now for an educational opportunity that will pay dividends long into their futures! recruiting is underway for the 2025-26... 





 

join our team
 







94% of seniors
enrolled in career & technical education programs graduate.

318 students
given careful consideration of their unique needs so they can thrive in special education classrooms.

137 schools
served by our regional information center to find “just right” educational technology solutions.

500+ trainings
and workshops designed to help educators improve instruction.

70+ years
strong providing public schools with quality and cost-effective services.

$163+ million
in grant funding awarded to schools and boces statewide since 2010.

 










about us
board of education
boces report cards
budget and finance
component districts
executive team
our history
our schools
student & family resources
 

adult education
adult education classes and programs
register
 

career & technical education
about career and technical education
business partners
courses & programs
cte calendar
cte student job board
student profiles
visit cte
 

employment
apply to boces
become a substitute
certification & other requirements
job openings
section 211 of retirement & social security law
 

programs & services
additional service requests
cross contracts
district superintendent services
helpful definitions
 

special education
about special education
special education enrollment
student & family resources
 

trainings
upcoming courses
using frontline education
 







capital region boces
trusted partner in public education and workforce development
900 watervliet-shaker rd., albany, ny 12205
phone: 518-862-4900
lauren j. gemmill, district superintendent
dr. elizabeth wood, deputy district superintendent & chief operating officer 
directions
 

it is the goal of capital region boces that this website is accessible to all users. capital region boces is not responsible for facts or opinions contained on any linked site. some links and features on this site require the adobe acrobat reader to view. visit the adobe website to download the free acrobat reader. this website was produced by capital region boces engagement & development services, albany, ny. copyright © 2025. all rights reserved.
the capital region boces does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, disability, or age in its programs, activities, employment, and admissions; and provides equal access to the boy scouts and other designated youth groups.
the following person has been designated to handle inquiries regarding the nondiscrimination policies: director of human resources, at hrdirector@neric.org,  518-862-4951, or 900 watervliet shaker road, albany, ny 12205.
inquiries concerning the application of the capital region boces non-discrimination policies may also be referred to the u.s. department of education, office for civil rights (ocr), 32 old slip, 26th floor, new york, ny 10005, phone: 646-428-3800, fax: 646-428-3843, tty: 800-877-8339, or email: ocr.newyork@ed.gov. 
 





 



























































































































































































