


oldfonts.com | old cursive fonts, vintage text type, antique map lettering, historical penmanship








































 old map fonts:




































 historical pens:

























































 antique texts:


























 credits, &c.












the text face used here (as well as elsewhere) is broadsheet™. the home page letters are set in emily austin™ & lamar pen™. all typefaces referenced on this website—abigail adams™, american scribe™, antiquarian™, antiquarian scribe™, attic antique™, austin pen™, bonhomme richard™, bonnycastle™, bonsai™, botanical scribe™, broadsheet™, castine™, douglass pen™, emily austin™, geographica™, geographica hand™, geographica script™, houston pen™, lamar pen™, military scribe™, old man eloquent™, remsen script™, schooner script™, terra ignota™ & texas hero™ (as well as all other fonts in the handwritten history™ bundle)—are the intellectual property of three islands press (copyright ©1994–2025). for site licensing contact:   three islands press   p.o. box 1092   rockport me 04856 usa   (207) 596-6768   info@oldfonts.com





 



















     h o m e  
 a b o u t 
 t y p e • t e s t e r
  b u n d l e s 
  f a q  
 c o n t a c t 
s i t e • m a p 
t h e • p e n m a n   

































february special!free with any order this month is remsen script™, an exacting interpretation of fine 18th-century colonial american penmanship. no discount code required—simply buy any other font (or fonts) before 01 march 2025, and you’ll also get a free download link to this formal 1700s script font (a $39 value). has more than 1,000 glyphs, including numerous ligatures, contextual alternates, period flourishes, and full latin support.





























new!  elegant 1700s pennamed after john paul jones’s famous frigate, bonhomme richard™ is modeled after jones’s legible yet elegant cursive hand in letters from the late 18th century. this full-featured font comes with more than 1,000 characters, among them scores of contextual and discretionary ligatures, upper- and lowercase sylistic alternates, lining and old-style figures, ink blots, cross-outs, and full latin support. » try it out here.











legible 19th-century cursivedouglass pen™, inspired by the hand of frederick douglass, reflects the boldness and determination of the famous american abolitionist, statesman, and orator. although lacking the flair of some 1800s scripts, the font’s upright, condensed letterforms keep it impressively legible while remaining true to the period. comes with contextual ligatures, alternate styles, ink blots, cross-outs—more than 800 glyphs in all. » try it out here.





















handwritten historyour handwritten history™ bundle is a collection of 20 distinctive font designs representing authentic penmanship styles as they’ve changed through the ages, from 1650 to 2010. (where else might you find a type collection that’ll let you write like john quincy adams—or the busy waitress at the local pub, depending on your mood?) you can have ’em all for just $149—a savings of 80%! » click here.





















cartographic hand letteringgeographica hand™, a replication of the hand-lettered titles on british map engravings of the 18th century. geographica hand is as legible and versatile as geographica roman but more genuinely evocative of the source materials. its 900 glyphs include several sketchy cartographic illustrations—trees, churches, windmills, and the like. geographica hand is a member our old map fonts collection. » try it out here.











two-style 1800s scriptaustin pen™ replicates the penmanship of texas empresario stephen f. austin in his famous 1834 prison diary. it comes with both a fine, legible regular style and a unique bold weight that looks like handwriting made with an over-inked pen. comes with hundreds of ligatures and other opentype alternates, ink blots and cross-outs, an uppercase hand-lettered alphabet, and full latin support. » try it out here.





















antique map fontsour old map fonts™ collection includes seven typefaces (ten fonts total) modeled after actual cartographic sources from about 1650 to 1770, among them the work of emanuel bowen (1694–1767), geographer to king george ii, and thomas jefferys  (1710–1771), geographer to king george iii. all seven come with more genuine map ornaments than you can shake a windlass at. savings more than 50%! » click here.





















elegant old roundhandgeographica script™ is a careful simulation of the kind of 18th-century roundhand script you’ll find on engraved maps and trade cards of the mid-1700s. six months in the making, our latest old script font has more than 1,100 glyphs, including scores of ligatures, historical flourishes, and an eye-popping series of period ornaments. geographica script is a member of both our historical pens and old map fonts collections. » try it out here.











warm, hand-drawn serifgeographica™ is a legible serif text-type family modeled after the hand-drawn place names and peripheral narratives on the mid-1700s new world maps of english engraver thomas jefferys. geographica comes with roman, italic, bold, and bold italic styles, true small capitals, scores of ligatures, two stylistic alternate titling caps—and has a slew of cartographic ornaments, to boot. »try it out here.





















vintage penmanship collectioncheck out our texas heroes™ set, comprising five fonts that simulate the handwriting of famous early texans. includes emily austin, houston pen, lamar pen, texas hero, and austin pen, each with a distinctively 19th-century look and feel. all five come with numerous ligatures, old-style forms, ink blots, cross-outs, and full latin support. save 50% off licensing these fonts separately. » click here.





















tenth of footmilitary scribe™ is modeled after the compact, legible script on the mid- to late-1770s muster rolls of the 10th regiment of foot, a british military unit that saw action at the outset of the american revolution in the battle of lexington and concord as well as bunker hill. comes with scores of opentype features, including historical ligatures, contextual alternates, and ink blots—more than 1,000 characters in all. » try it out here.











the rafael of flowersbotanical scribe™ is modeled after the fine, hand-inscribed legends on the early-19th-century floral etchings of pierre-joseph redouté. because of its slight organic imperfections, it has a warm, accessible feel while remaining elegant enough for formal invitations and the like. »try it out here.


















abigail adams

american scribe

austin pen

bonhomme richard

botanical scribe

douglass pen





emily austin

geographica script

houston pen

lamar pen

military scribe

old man eloquent





remsen script

schooner script

texas hero

antiquarian

antiquarian scribe

bonnycastle

geographica





geographica hand

terra ignota

attic antique

bonsai

broadsheet

castine












full library

historical pens

old map fonts

texas heroes set

geographica set

antique texts

modern hands






age of discovery bundle

handwritten history bundle















( see our full range at 3ip type foundry. )













copyright ©1993–2025 three islands press.info@oldfonts.com






follow us on instagram






      




























 kind words:









“i must say [texas hero] is one of the most beautiful fonts i’ve ever seen.”—j.c., mount holly nc
“the lamar pen font is divine. we are using it on a novel set in the eighteenth century, and the author is ecstatic.”—j.h., london, england
“your fonts are gorgeous, and in particular, your handwriting fonts are the best i've ever seen.”—j.h., witny, oxfordshire, england
“all [these] typefaces are wonderful, romantic creative fonts which no serious designer could possibly overlook.—g.h., london, england
“bonsai is very beautiful; the font's antiquity seems to conjure a sweet staleness of old newsprint, somehow.”—a.t., ontario, canada
“oh! i'm in loooove with this font! it's lovely, it's organic, it's real, it's got history & tradition. my designs are singing!”—c.c., palo alto ca
“i took one look at american scribe and knew it was the declaration of independence before reading the ad copy. you captured it perfectly.”—b.p., marietta oh




















