

refinishing bathtubs, reglazing bathtubs, bathroom tile and fiberglass bathtubs.

























refinishing bathtubs, reglazing bathtubs, bathroom tile & fiberglass bathtubs. we do refinishing and reglazing for showers, bathtubs, sinks, kitchen cabinets, counters & more in the connecticut area.








 




1-800-new tub2
(1-800-639-8822)
      in state/connecticut only

"bookmark this page!you will need my services some day"

serving the entire
      state of connecticut











i would like to take this opportunity to thank the hundreds of companies and past customers who continue to refer us to thousands of new customers. with over 40,000 past customers since i began doing this in 1971, they keep me busy! this constant flow of referrals from very satisfied clients has made all these years of business a tremendous success, having one record year after another.  i have made many new friends, and have proven that i am very concerned about my service, and that the quality of work is nothing but first rate.  i’m reliable and the work is properly done.  i know of no one else who offers a guarantee like mine, and we intend on being around to back it up.  this is just one of the reasons why american appliance refinishing has become the name in spray painting and tub reglazing.
for those of you who are unaware of my services, or have yet to deal with me, let me introduce myself.  my name is joe brint, owner of american appliance refinishing and tub reglazing.  i left another company, as did the rest of the experienced employees, after twelve years, because i was very disappointed by the way it was being run by the new owners, having been sold in the early 80s.  hence, in 1984 i quit and started my own company, and even have a letter of recommendation from the original owner who sold it.  the response has been fantastic, and gives me a great sense of pride in my company.



i deal mainly in the refinishing of  bathtubs, including fiberglass tubs and showers, tile, kitchen appliances, etc. (and have had very good results with stoves too – i am currently testing a high temperature coating for stoves which will hold up even better), kitchen cabinets (wood, metal, and formica cabinets), and tubs/tile, and have done well over 40,000 jobs to date.  that figure is not inflated, and unlike some companies, i can prove it.  i am successfully recoating laminated countertops (such as formica, etc.) with a coating almost as hard as the original, and it has the added benefit of being repairable if burned or cut etc., unlike the original.



i am fully insured, bonded, licensed, and a member of the better business bureau. i do all jobs myself, you book me, you get me. did you know that 90% of new businesses fail within 5 years according to money magazine, april 1990? there’s always a new outfit starting up, and another outfit going out of business. a great guarantee doesn’t mean much if there is nobody at the other end of the line when you call with a problem. i’ve been here doing this work since '71, i’m not going anywhere. besides with three kids to raise, i don’t have much choice but to keep doing it anyway.


i’m looking forward to serving you, and am quite sure you won’t be sorry.  if you have any questions, please feel free to call.

thank you,

joe brint

 


see additional information that follows




[ page 1 ] [ page 2 ]

 







refinishing bathtubs, reglazing bathtubs, bathroom tile & fiberglass bathtubs. we do refinishing and reglazing for showers, bathtubs, sinks, kitchen cabinets, counters & more in the connecticut area.






