







home - brickmed















































 






brickmed


  
 





solutions

why brickmed

providers
practice managers
billing companies
amazing support
testimonials


patient scheduling
practice management software
billing companies
ehr integration
specialties

all specialties
anesthesiology
mental health
plastic & reconstructive surgery




hippobill™
plans & pricing
company

about us
brickmed blog


contact us

support
sales inquiries


 
















 

brickmed practice management, billing, and scheduling solutions are a product of listening to and acting upon the needs and requests of thousands of providers, practice managers, billing center owners, and their staff (in other words, you) for decades. at brickmed, our mission is to build adaptable solutions to the biggest business challenges facing healthcare providers and be your long-term healthcare business outcomes partner.
we're built on the belief that better healthcare requires efficient, profitable healthcare businesses.


i can’t say enough about the product and the company! brickmed always puts the customer’s needs first!
m. jacksonpractice administrator


 

whether you are running a single-provider cosmetic practice or a fifty-provider anesthesia operation, you can't afford to tie your operation to the risk of an ehr failure. brickmed frees your practice to succeed by reducing the impact of an ehr failure on the rest of the business.
read more →




in a world where "great service" is too often just a bullet on a marketing slick, brickmed's us-based service representatives build long-term relationships with customers and are backed by a team fanatically dedicated to the success of healthcare businesses.
read more →



we know you don't run a one-size-fits-all practice; you should expect no less from your practice management and billing solution. you'll find our flexibility and breadth of experience a great pairing. test us with the challenges that make your office unique!
read more →



from primary care to ambulatory surgery centers, plastic surgery to spinal neurosurgery, and every specialty in-between, brickmed has built a reputation for rcm excellence by tailoring solutions that drive transparency and  efficiency from first-call to final collection.
read more →



 




need solid practice management, billing or scheduling?
brickmed office has evolved over decades to address the challenges faced by insurance-based and cash-based practices and top billing centers alike and it's backed by the best service culture in the industry.
why choose us?

benefit from amazing customer service!
free your practice: linkable to hundreds of ehr's
streamline cash and insurance revenue cycles
fast, flexible scheduling & patient checkout
dozens of specialized extensions for marketing, ub-04, inventory, asc billing, and much more!
flexible, transparent pricing
deeply-integrated features for dozens of specialties — built for your challenges!

 


 























latest post 


5 ways to use patient scheduling software to improve revenue

						the days of appointment books are far behind us. in this follow-up to...						
read more →




 
phone: (305) 774-0081
fax: (305) 774-0023 
toll-free: (888) 877-8176

 
    website: https://brickmed.com







 
 






	copyright 2022 brickmed, llc		| entries (rss)

back to top


















