


















school sisters of st. francis | sssf 





































contact usin memoriamemployment opportunitieseventsheritage roomsisters/associates siteustreammusic catalog









donate now





facebook
instagram
youtube








 get to know usarchivesmission & visionhistorydirection and philosophyheritage room spiritual enrichmentprayer requestsprayer for peacereflectionsst. joseph chapel our global impactunited stateslatin americaindiaeuropemission funding priorities get involvedbecome a sisterbecome a lay associate employment opportunitiesjustice, peace, and integrity of creation donatemake a giftplanned giving150th anniversary appealchapel restoration appealchristmas appealdonate nowdonor honor roll  media roompublications2024 jubilariansin memoriamfrom the desk of sister louise bernier




 
            












our sacred treasure
for more than a century, st. joseph chapel has been a breathtaking milwaukee landmark.
learn more











 

chapel to reopen with mass on sunday, march 16
it was june 17, 2024, that workers began carrying in the scaffolding to undertake the extensive restoration of the 108-year-old st. joseph chapel at our congregation’s motherhouse in milwaukee. since that day, virtually every inch of the chapel has been repaired, cleaned, repainted, and beautified in some way, from the tile on the floors to the plaster at the top of the ceiling – and everything in between. the skilled craftspeople of daprato rigali studios have done a truly masterful job (see photo above).
on sunday, march 16, exactly nine months since the last mass was celebrated in chapel, we will once again be able to gather together inside our sacred treasure. a eucharistic liturgy celebrating the feast of st. joseph and the chapel’s reopening will be held at 2:00 p.m. chapel tours will be offered from 12:30 – 1:30 p.m., and there will be a festive dessert reception immediately following the mass.
st. joseph, our beloved patron, has once again bountifully blessed our congregation in our 150th year. our march 16 celebration is open to all, and no r.s.v.p. is required. we look forward to celebrating this joyful occasion with you! if you have questions, please email events@sssf.org.
upcoming events
          sort by:alphabeticalsort date "newest first"sort date "oldest first"most popularhighest ratedevent name ascending
      event name descending
      event subtitle ascending
      event subtitle descending
      image alt text ascending
      image alt text descending
      feature image alt text ascending
      feature image alt text descending
      start date ascending
      start date descending
      end date ascending
      end date descending
      all day event ascending
      all day event descending
      location name ascending
      location name descending
      street address ascending
      street address descending
      postal code ascending
      postal code descending
      page share url ascending
      page share url descending
      please wait while we gather your results.wednesday, february 19eucharistic adorationwednesday, february 19, 202512:00 pmweekly on monday, tuesday, wednesday, thursday & fridayst. joseph chapel  1501 s. layton blvd., milwaukee, wi 53215   weekday masswednesday, february 19, 20254:00 pmweekly on tuesday, wednesday & thursdayst. joseph chapel  1501 s. layton blvd., milwaukee, wi 53215thursday, february 20eucharistic adorationthursday, february 20, 202512:00 pmweekly on monday, tuesday, wednesday, thursday & fridayst. joseph chapel  1501 s. layton blvd., milwaukee, wi 53215    
see all events 
 

st. joseph chapel
since the school sisters of st. francis opened the doors of st. joseph chapel more than a century ago, this milwaukee landmark has been dedicated to the permanent service of god. our sacred space has nourished the lives of thousands of religious women who have prayed here daily, and today we welcome you to join us for religious services, private devotion, tours, and concerts.
learn more

become a lay associate 
lay associates share the school sisters of st. francis’ commitment to spiritual growth, gospel values, and social impact.

in memoriam
we remember our sisters who have died since march 2020, when our funerals could no longer be open to the public.

christmas appeal
in the spirit of christmas, help others rejoice! and share the grace of god.
 
help our mission
the school sisters of st. francis live the good news of jesus and witness to the presence of god as we enter into the lives and needs of people around the world, especially those who are poor. we strive to be a source of new life, new meaning and new hope.  our vision is a world transformed through peace, justice and love.
donate 
learn about:

ways to give
how your donation helps
ways to get involved











united states
the school sisters of st. francis meet the needs of the times in the united states through their varied ministries.
learn more

latin america
today our sisters of the latin american region serve in guatemala, honduras, nicaragua, costa rica, mexico and peru.
learn more

europe
today our sisters of the european province serve in germany and switzerland.     
learn more

india
in india, the school sisters of st. francis have served those in need since the 1930s. in october 2015, the school sisters of st. francis’ assisi province in southern india launched a new mission to tanzania.
learn more










get in touch with us
1501 s. layton blvd.,
milwaukee, wi  53215, usa
(414) 384-4105




facebook
instagram
youtube




alfons gallery | casa alexia | sitemap



            © 2025 school sisters of st. francis
        

            this site is powered by the northwoods titan content management system









 
            




facebook
instagram
youtube




 get to know usarchivesmission & visionhistorydirection and philosophyheritage room spiritual enrichmentprayer requestsprayer for peacereflectionsst. joseph chapel our global impactunited stateslatin americaindiaeuropemission funding priorities get involvedbecome a sisterbecome a lay associate employment opportunitiesjustice, peace, and integrity of creation donatemake a giftplanned giving150th anniversary appealchapel restoration appealchristmas appealdonate nowdonor honor roll  media roompublications2024 jubilariansin memoriamfrom the desk of sister louise bernier


contact usin memoriamemployment opportunitieseventsheritage roomsisters/associates siteustreammusic catalog











