







property gr | digital real estate assistant




















































home
about
contact













propertygr is 


                                                        launching                                                    

                                                        creative                                                    

                                                        awesome                                                    



                                            our website is under construction, we are working very hard to make it live. you will love the new propertygr as much as we do. it will fit perfectly with your real estate agency needs! 





















                                                more info 



                                                subscribe 















                                copyright © 2002-2021 propertygr.comdeveloped by gap web agency 




































about





propertygr was developed in 2002 to assist people all over the world with selling and purchasing of real estate throughout greece and the greek islands.



in 2022 we will be celebrating our 20th birthday and will be relaunching the website as one that provides real estate agencies around the country with a digital assistant.



we can't say any more at the moment, but what we are launching will be something all estate agencies can use and benefit from. sign up to stay in touch when we launch and be the first to know about our new services.														








get in touch





twitter.com
/propertygr_



facebook.com

                                                        /propertygreece                                                    



say hello


																info@propertygr.com															























send message 




thank you for the email!
your message has already arrived! we'll contact you shortly.                                                    















stay tuned
we launch our new website soon. please stay updated and follow!










get notified
















 





















