





sandusky fun spots







































skip to content


sandusky fun spots
my life in sandusky ohio





menu


about
contact
privacy








a few basic facts about sandusky ohio 
posted on november 30, 2019january 30, 2020 by krin bates 


overview
sandusky is a city that is located in ohio state. it is categorized within erie county. sandusky sits on the shores of lake erie. cleveland is located on its east while to the west of it is toledo.
as of 2010, sandusky’s estimated population was at roughly 26,000. in 2011, sandusky made it to the list of “best places to live cheaply” (in the u.s.). the list was compiled by forbes. the average income of a family in sandusky is $64,000.
cedar fair entertainment company has its headquarters located in sandusky alongside its flagship amusement cedar point. cedar point is known for its sizable collection of roller coasters not just in the u.s., but on a global scale.
sandusky was named “tree city usa” by the national arbor day foundation.
etymology
the name sandusky traces its origins from the wyandot word saandusti, which means “water in water-pools”. alternatively, it can also be traced to andusti meaning “cold water”.
history
sandusky was founded in 1818. a portion of the city was built on land where a native-american known as ogontz once dwelt. that is why it is said that sandusky was established upon “ogontz’ place”.
before slavery was abolished in america, sandusky was a prominent stop on the underground railroad. as can be seen in the classic novel “uncle tom’s cabin” by harriet beecher stowe, numerous slaves that sought freedom in canada came through sandusky first where they got on boats to cross lake erie towards the final stop of amherstburg, ontario.
the design of downtown sandusky was done in accordance to a modified grid plan. the plan is known as the “kilbourne plat”. the initial street pattern made use of freemasonry symbols. when the groundbreaking ceremony of lake erie railroad and mad river was performed in september 17, 1835, sandusky was the location. at present, the tracks that once through downtown sandusky are no longer there.
climate
with regard to sandusky’s climate, it is considered humid continental, similar to other states within central usa. summers are known to be warm and humid, while winters are harsh and cold. the average high temperature in january is at 32 f, while the low is at 19 f. the city gets about 28.4 inches of snow in the winter months.
sandusky’s most popular tourist destinations include [cedar point=https://www.cedarpoint.com/], boating and island hopping on kelleys island, north bass island, south bass island, and middle bass inland.
outdoor and indoor parks flourish there as well.


archived: uncategorized 



the benefits of running an online business 
posted on november 14, 2019january 30, 2020 by krin bates 


of course we all wish that we had more free time to spend visiting fun places in sandusky as well as elsewhere in the country, but this can be hard to do if you are stuck working all the time. most people think this is an inescapable fact of life, but these days, thanks to the internet it does not need to be. whether you want more time off to spend with your family, or to date more women there are things you can do to set yourself free and that is exactly what i will be discussing in this post.
truly this is an amazing time that we live in. at no other time in history have we had the opportunity to work from home. on the computer and earn much more money than the average person working in a job even a professional one!

the trick however is knowing how to establish and run an online business. this is something that many would-be entrepreneurs struggle with. folks want to have the time freedom that comes with running their own businesses, but they are unclear on the steps that they need to take to get there. and while few universities offer adequate training for those interested in this field there are online courses such as the new profit academy program that provide both online tutorials as well as online coaching. i predict that as this industry continues to evolve that we will see more and more of this kind of training courses being released.
that all being said, let’s look at some of the key benefits to running an online business as opposed to other means of securing one’s income…
first off, when you set up or transition to running an online business, there are several clear advantages related to cost.
think of all the money you’ll save on payroll, compared to running an offline business.  when you conduct your business online, you do not need a lot of people to help you run it. you can do everything yourself, particularly during start-up, and then you can just hire an assistant to help you manage your website when business increases.
another one of the obvious places you’ll save is on rent since you do not have to pay for a lease – which is a big expenses necessary to run a traditional brick-and-mortar business operation.
when you want to expand your target market, you can do so without incurring related expansion costs.  a conventional businessman will have to add retail outlets or expand his distribution network in order to broaden his customer reach.  these moves are very expensive – and quite unnecessary when you are running a business online. your customers buy directly from you so you do not need any intermediaries.
and don’t forget the fact that your finances will be so much easier to manage.  you do not need to over-stock, or even to maintain inventory.  if you are using a drop-shipping model then you can simply order the products as you need them – that is, when someone orders from you.  moreover, you get paid for the products or services you sell – prior to dispatching them.  this is good for cash flow and makes it possible for you to pay each supplier on time and take care of other expenses.
the biggest benefit however is that time freedom we all want. with an online business you can work when you want, for as long as you want, and take more time off than you can in any traditional job that i have ever heard of! of course there is work involved getting things set up and doing the required maintenance, but in the end it’s way less than the traditional 40 hours per week.
so if this is something that interests you i’d definitely recommend giving it a shot. it can be hard to step outside our comfort zones and try new things, but in the case of running an online business i think it is something that you will find to be well worth it!


archived: uncategorized 



what men should know about dating in sandusky 
posted on october 3, 2019january 30, 2020 by krin bates 


love is not easy, even in sandusky ohio, and dating can be hard. for every date you go through, you’re committing your time, energy and money to meeting girl after girl, hoping that you’ve finally found the one who could be your partner for life.
unfortunately you can’t fast-forward through life to skip to the part when you have actually found the right person for you. but don’t fret; each date may cost you, but these are also lessons you can use to make your next date better, and the next, and the next…until you’ve finally hit the jackpot.
if you’ve consistently been down on your luck, maybe it’s time to take a step back and evaluate what you’ve been doing so far. have you appeared too eager to move to the next level? were you courteous, nice and worthy of a lady? did you come off as too desperate or clingy? it’s time to remedy these.
a gentleman wouldn’t be so quick to blame the women as “wrong for him.” respect is one thing that’s important in the dating scene and any relationship. treat the women right, respect their choices, and you’ll be worthy of a lady’s attention and love.
it’s important to be yourself as well. don’t try too hard to impress a girl; let her see the real, genuine you, and you’ll feel more relaxed and more confident. crack jokes, make her laugh, ask her about herself. she’ll love being listened to.
that said, do put your best foot forward too. first impressions actually do count, so if you dress sloppily, you won’t have much luck getting a second date.
be open to communication. stop with the senseless mind games and be direct and to the point. let her know you actually mean what you say. she’ll appreciate that.
be sensitive to her needs as well too. women can be emotional, and sometimes all they want is a listening ear and a shoulder to cry on — not logical advice. be sensitive enough to know the difference and do small acts of surprises to cheer her up.
in short: be a genuinely nice, likable person who is confident in himself and respects others. be patient, and you’ll get lucky in the relationship department.


archived: uncategorized 






search for:





recent posts


a few basic facts about sandusky ohio


the benefits of running an online business


what men should know about dating in sandusky


recent commentscategories

uncategorized


archives

november 2019
october 2019

meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org




©2025 sandusky fun spots 


search for:



 

				powered by wordpress  / / 
				theme xsimply by il jester		












