







ikebana by junko, japanese flower arrangement art of ikebana, 




 



















































 













ikebana by junko
japanese flower arrangement art of ikebana














 













toggle navigation




navigation


home
about 

junko kikuchi
ikebana by junko
ikebana history
ikenobo
useful links


ikebana gallery
study ikebana
study videos 

video lessons
tips & tricks


news & events
contact
 

 











		ikenobo ikebana japanese flower art by junko				
















ikebana or kado is the beautiful japanese flower arrangement art.welcome to ikebana by junko. here you can find out about the origins of ikebana and ikenobo, get information on ikebana classes in london, uk, and japanese cultural and flower events.  junko kikuchii’m junko kikuchi, a professor of ikenobo ikebana school. ikenobo is the oldest, most traditional japanese flower arrangement school. i am delighted to welcome you to the beauty, history and traditions of this wonderful floral art.i no longer have regular ikenobo ikebana lessons in west london.  however, some of my most senior students do and i’ll be happy to introduce you.  i still plan to run some weekend intensive ikenobo ikebana  courses  for all levels.  my classes are multicultural, with students from many different countries.  men and women of all ages come together to enjoy japanese flower arrangement in a relaxing atmosphere. on my website you can also find out more about ikebana and get information about ikebana events. i am also adding more photos of arrangements, both my students’ and mine, in my gallery section.  we’ll be delighted to hear from if you have suggestions or feedback, or to tell us about your own ikebana flower arrangement events and activities.ikebana kenzan, hasami, tools and accessorieswe are now only supplying wholesale ikebana products to retailers, educational establishments and ikebana teachers.all wholesale orders will be shipped from japan.














what’s onexhibition of ikenobo ikebana 13th july 2024
ensō house, hopton street, se1
 

latest news & events

ikenobo hana no wa london group workshop and exhibition july 2024


website and email outage april2024


 
 







 
 
 







©copyright 2024 ikebana by junko 















manage cookie consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behaviour or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent















































