






kathryn krasovec, mezzo-soprano | official website of american mezzo-soprano, kathryn krasovec











































about me
repertoire
press
media
gallery
contact me
 





select page


  
 



 



 














about me
repertoire
press
media
gallery
contact me











about me
kathryn krasovec, a graduate of the juilliard opera center and the san francisco opera’s merola young artist program has performed on such prominent stages as the metropolitan opera, spoleto festival usa, weill hall/carnegie hall, the national theater of prague and theater bremen in germany and her career spans engagements throughout europe, north america and the middle east.
after winning the metropolitan opera national council auditions, while becoming a member of the juilliard opéra center, she made her metropolitan opera debut as a woodsprite in rusalka, performed the roles of blumenmädchen and knappen in parsifal and covered the role of hermia in a midsummer night’s dream.
ms. krasovec’s most recent performances include a world première of a one-woman monodrama the echo drift by mikael karlsson in the role of walker loats at the prototype festival in nyc.

speaking fluent german, ms krasovec was engaged for five seasons in germany and the czech republic. three seasons were spent in a fest contract with das theater trier and two seasons were filled with guest contracts at theater bremen and both the prague state opera and the national theater of prague.  among her notable european accomplishments was the debut of frid’s das tagebuch der anne frank in the role of anne frank.
she debuted in carnegie’s weill hall in mohammed fairouz’s audenesque as soloist with the mimesis ensemble and was soloist with the oratorio society of new jersey in handel’s dettingen te deum and a work by karl jenkins, the armed man: a mass for peace.
she made her spoleto usa debut in philip glass’s kepler and was recently engaged with beth morrison productions of missy mazzoli’s, song from the uproar; and sang the role of public opinion in oﬀenbach’s orfée aux enfer with light opera of nj.
ms. krasovec has recently returned to the princeton festival as mrs. sedley in peter grimes and marcellina in le nozze di figaro. she sang the world première of a grammy award winning piece called peacemakers by james aikman with the indianapolis chamber orchestra.
ms. krasovec was heard as soloist with the princeton baroque festival orchestra in the bach cantata bwv 147, herz und mund und tat und leben and was soloist with voices up! in a concert series showcasing new composers in new york city. she has collaborated with the american opera projects and nyu tisch school of the arts as part of the new york operafest for three-seasons in premiering new works.
she has been heard as soloist in berlioz’ les nuits d’été and bernstein’s arias and barcarolles, mahler’s lieder eines fahrenden gesellen, haydn’s harmoniemesse, mendelssohn’s sinfonie nr.2 “lobgesang”, elijah, handel’s messiah and vivaldi’s gloria and has sung concerts under the auspices of choral nova of berkeley, ca, norwalk youth symphony, emerald city opera and staedtisches orchester trier. she appeared with american opera projects in and death shall have no dominion by pete m. wyer, a work celebrating the centenary of the birth of dylan thomas.
ms. krasovec sang anne frank with the prague state opera as well as being the first american to sing the title role in janáček’s the cunning little vixen and the british dancing girl in john adams’ the death of klinghoffer at the national theater of prague. ms. krasovec later reprised the role of the cunning little vixen at theater bremen.
ms. krasovec many role debuts including: siebel in faust, zerlina in don giovanni, cherubino in le nozze di figaro, carmen in la tragédie de carmen, orlofsky in die fledermaus, suzuki in madama butterfly, hänsel in hänsel und gretel and dorabella in così fan tutte. within the contemporary world she has debuted roles in the decameron, blood wedding, korczak’s orphans and dinner and delusion.
in addition to the international opera companies, her regional credits include the princeton festival, opera theatre of saint louis, chautauqua opera, hawai’i opera theater, nyco vox, center for contemporary opera, international opera theater, emerald city opera, shreveport opera and western plains opera.
while at the juilliard opera center, ms. krasovec was the recipient of the prestigious juilliard derosa grant. she earned her bachelor of music degree from the university of denver lamont school of music and her master of music degree from the indiana university, jacob school of music.

visitors!
*cover photo by richclarkphoto.com*publicity photos throughout the site by kristin hoebermann* website design by tosca web design




upcoming and recent engagements


music from poplar hillan evening of songmezzo soloist february 2025valley lee, md 
operafest la – overtone industriesselections from songs and dances of imaginary landssoloistjune 2024frida kahlo theater, la
hearnow festivalin waveskion heidarimezzo soloistapril, 2024arts and archives, la
the california festival: a celebration of new musictwo remain by jake heggieedkanovember 2023lyric opera of oc, california
jacarandathree songs from the exterminating angel by thomas adèsmezzo soloistmarch 4, 2023los angeles, ca
jacarandathe bakkhai by dylan mattinglysoloistseptember 24, 2022los angeles, ca
western plains opera company
die fledermausprince orlofskyseptember 2022north dakota
opera à la modeopera galamezzo soprano soloistjune 2022pasadena, ca
opéra at florhamspring into opéraarias and duets with baritone mark delavan and pianist mary pintoapril 2021morristown, nj
american opéra projectsa cinematic presentation of two new operasmezzo soloistjan-aug 2021
western plains opera companyhansel and gretelhanseljanuary 2020north dakota
opera america onstagethe stonewall operasvarious rolesseptember 2019the national opera center, nyc
virginia arts festival /john duffy institute  for new musicvarious rolesjune 2019norfolk, va
american opera projectsthe stonewall operasvarious rolesmay 2019the schubert theater, nyuthe stonewall inn, nyc
the oratorio society of new jersey handel‘s messiahmezzo soloistdecember 2018
american opera projects/nyu black box theatre, nyumezzo soloistmay 2018
the prototype festivalmikael karlsson/the echo driftwalker loatsjanuary 2018www.prototypefestival.org
 
previous engagements
concert series at fordham university  lincoln center, nyckramer, heifetz/ voices up!mezzo soloistapril, 2017
the princeton baroque festival orchestrabach/cantata 147herz und mund und tat und lebenmezzo soloistjune 2016
the princeton festivalbritten/peter grimesmrs. sedleyjune 2016
indianapolis chamber orchestrajames aikman/ peacemakersmezzo soloistapril 2016
peacemakers is a piece which will highlight speeches and contributions of the famous peacemakers of our time: mohatma gandhi, eleanor roosevelt, john f. kennedy, dr. martin luther king jr., robert f. kennedy, mother theresa, anwar sadat, yitzak rabin,  rabin, nelson mandela, and maya angelou.
the princeton festivalmozart/ the marriage of figaromarcellinajune 2015
operamissionbruce wolosoff/ the great good thing/ workshopsylvieseptember/october 2014
american opera projects/ make music new yorkpete wyer/ and death shall have no dominionmezzo soloistjune 2014
weill recital hall at carnegie hallfairouz/audenesquemezzo soloistmimesis ensemblemay 2014
oratorio society of new jerseyhandel/ dettigen te deumjenkins/ the armed manmezzo soloistapril 2014
upenna presentation on boccacciomarch 2013
le poisson rouge, new yorkmissy mazzolisongs from the uproar (excerpts)november 2012
spoleto festival usaphilip glass’ kepler / us premieremezzo soloistjune 2012
emerald city operadie fledermaus / prince orlofskyaugust 2011
international opera theaterthe decameron / mona giovanna, madre usimbalda, griseldacitta della pieve & saluzzo, italyaugust 2011
norwalk youth symphonylieder eines fahrenden gesellen / mahlermay 2011
chora novasoloist / harmoniemesse / haydnnovember 2010
international opera theaterthe decameron / mona giovanna, madre usimbalda, griseldathe prince theater, philadelphianovember 2010
 





 










facebook




x




rss


designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 


































