




rl trailable yachts from rob legg yachts






















		rl home page

		rl 24

		rl 28

		rl 34

		status 580

		"the venture"

news and events
register of owners
discussion forum
buy and sell
surveys

the rl story
picture gallery
cruising in an rl
bay to bay race
links to other sites
tips & modifications
personal thoughts

rl24 nationals
rl24 state titles
rl24 owners assoc.
rl24 hall of fame
rl24 asn newsletters
rl24 asn agm minutes
north american rl24's









www.rlyachts.net




rl24, rl28, and rl34 trailable yachts
from rob legg yachts










great photo of garry beatie's rl28, sandpiper, in company, off fraser is.




     the rl24, rl28 and the rl34 
     were designed by rob legg
    on queensland's gold coast
equally at home in light airs of inland waters or out on the rugged coastal waters,
    these yachts have proven performance and safety features.
if you own an rl24, rl28, rl34, or status, please add your boat to the 
   register of owners

tuning your rl for best performance
the history of the rls
see a video of rl24s racing in the 2015 nationals in brisbane.



upcoming events
if you have any up coming events or races that you would like to promote on this site that other rl sailors might be interested in, please let us know as we are more than happy to post them on here to get the word out and about for you .  
send message






click here



proudly supported by the middle of everywhere


www.lakewellingtonyachtclub.org



rl24 merchandise for 52nd nationals
"did or do you own a rl24?"
where is that boat now?
2023 will be 50 years of rl24’s
the rl24 owners association is keen to build a history on as many boats as possible.  so, we are on a mission to locate as many old boats as possible to compile this historical list.
 
if you own or have owned a rl24 that we may not know about, we would love to hear from you.
we are keen to know the boat name, sail number, which mk version she is, and where she might be now?
 
to be part of this muster, please email association secretary colin boylan to provide any information you might have on old rl24’s. boylan.colin@gmail.com

webmaster: keith merkley.     you can send me a message heresend pictures of your rl to be included in the picture gallery.
admin









admin





