


wilderness connect




















































skip to main content
skip to footer

wilderness.nethttps://wilderness.net/








search wilderness connect










practitioners


um

wilderness


                            home 
                        




site navigation


site navigation




wilderness connect
visit wilderness
learn about wilderness
wilderness 60 









wilderness connect

















what is wilderness? 














the wilderness act of 1964 established the national wilderness preservation system, creating the federal land designation of wilderness areas. while the meaning of "wilderness" varies by context, a designated wilderness area is a legal definition that reflects the character and concept of a place set aside to preserve natural conditions, provide opportunities for solitude and primitive recreation, and protect cultural, ecological, and historical values. today, the nwps includes over 111.8 million acres in 806 wilderness areas across the u.s. and puerto rico. these areas are managed by the bureau of land management, the national park service, the u.s. fish and wildlife service, and the u.s. forest service. 



 























explore
learn about wilderness







find a wilderness area near you 





how wilderness is designated 





wilderness stewardship in action 


learn about wilderness






mission


connecting federal employees, scientists, educators, and the public with their wilderness heritage.








about


wilderness connect is a communications, education, and science dissemination program administered through a collaborative partnership between the wilderness institute at the university of montana, the arthur carhart national wilderness training center, and the aldo leopold wilderness research institute. it is advised by a working group and steering committee with oversight provided by the federal interagency national wilderness steering committee and wilderness policy council.
we offer resources designed (1) to empower current and future land managers to make decisions that adhere to law and policy, incorporate the best science, and are informed by the latest knowledge on contemporary wilderness stewardship issues; and (2) to inspire the public to identify with wild places, learn about wilderness areas and their stewardship, and plan responsible wilderness visits.
















wilderness connect, housed on the university of montana campus, acknowledges that we are on the traditional lands of the salish and kalispel peoples, who have stewarded this land throughout many generations and are its past, present, and future caretakers.





wilderness connect
university of montana
32 campus drive
missoula, montana 59812
contact us
wilderness connect policies






































