





economic development corporation of kansas city






 

















































menumenuabout

careersbid listingsevents
why kcmothe heartland

economic profileinfrastructurecultureaffordabilityworkforce + talenteducation & trainingmajor employers
agenciestools for growth

edc loan corporation (edclc) / loan-upchapter 353 program (353)industrial development authority (ida)land clearance for redevelopment authority (lcra)enhanced enterprise zone boards (eez)planned industrial expansion authority (piea)tax increment financing commission (tif)
entrepreneurship

launchkc
how can we help

developers

land developmentincentives 
business owners

business developmentincentivesworkforce + talenteducation & trainingmajor employers 
entrepreneurs

entrepreneuership 
site selectors

site searchincentivesmajor employersworkforce + talent 
residentsgovernment affairsblue river ecodustrial corridor
call us: 816.221.0636connect on:upcoming eventsnewssearchsubmitclearcall us: 816.221.0636upcoming eventsnewssearchsubmitclear 



we’re not just building an economy, we’re building a community. 
we administer and implement kansas city missouri’s economic development strategy, and focus on business and real estate development, job creation, and community investment. our mission is to shape a vibrant, thriving future for kansas city and its residents.
strategic initiatives
growing human capital, growing business capacity and growing city prosperity
start hereproperty search
access info on available sites and properties across the city
start hereland development
download an application to get started
start here
business development
learn how our committed team 
can assist you with your business needs
start herebusiness development
we are focused on attracting, growing and retaining businesses throughout kcmo. we measure success by the number of jobs added and investment by new and growing businesses.
read more >
land development
we ensure that we effectively implement kcmo’s incentives process. this requires policy work, scrutinizing potential deals, and great communication between developers and impacted stakeholders.
read more >
entrepreneurship
we believe when nurtured correctly, startups become the economic engines of the future. we source and distribute early-stage funding, as well as advocate for pro-business and pro-entrepreneur legislation in jefferson city.
read more >
explore all resources  










 “it's hard to find areas across the country with so much potential for rail connection. the tracks are already there, it's just a matter of utilizing them.”
shawn lauby
director, safety & administration, kc terminal railroad.  











 "small business owners are typically afraid to approach big banks, but the edc was so easy to work with."
anita moore
owner & chef, soiree steak & oyster house  











 "there is no better place than kansas city to live, work, play. our growing economy and diverse business landscape, make it an ideal location for our expansion."
bruce heinrich
founder & ceo, leader limousine  


 

$110b
investment from business
development projects in 2020

2,824
new jobs in 2020
$3.34m
 covid-19 related grants
and loans distributed
over $253.5m
invested in
affordable housing projects
latest news
edckc announces new c-store distribution center in kansas city, mofebruary 3, 2025the economic development corporation of kansas city, missouri (edckc) is pleased to announce the opening of 7 hill...read morepaul’s drive in: a kansas city icon blending tradition, innovation, and communityjanuary 25, 2025in the heart of south kansas city, paul’s drive in at 10424 blue ridge blvd has been a cherished staple since the 1960s...read moreedged data centers celebrates grand opening of new state-of-the-art, sustainable data center in kansas city, missouridecember 12, 2024ai-ready facility brings 26 mw of critical capacity, consumes zero water for cooling and delivers ultra-efficient...read moreopenstore lands in kansas city, missouri, with first e-commerce fulfillment centerdecember 10, 2024openstore, an innovative e-commerce platform transforming how businesses scale and operate, has announced its first-ever...read morerb srl announces entrance to north american market with $16 million manufacturing facility in kansas cityoctober 17, 2024rb srl, a modern precision parts manufacturer headquartered in italy, announced the opening of rb america corp. with its...read more
let's grow kcmo!






 300 wyandotte, suite 400, kansas city, mo 64105
phone: (816) 221-0636 
monday-friday, 8:00am-5:00pm
sign up for our newsletter!
email (required) *select list(s) to subscribe to example: yes, i would like to receive emails from economic development corporation of kansas city. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: . you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact 
searchsubmitclearworkforce
workforce & talent
entrepreneurship
development
agencies
development
education & training
land development
quick links
education & training
land development
initiatives
site & building availability








 


 

 
 
























