


aesthetic realism and education




















    
	aesthetic realism and education
	
  






saturday, december 29, 2018



	 
	 untitled
	 
    










posted by rosemary plumstead at 10:30 am









	 
	 aesthetic realism explains: “the mistakes daughters make about fathers; or, what do we really want from dad?”
	 
    


among the many ways my life was fortunate to change through my study of the philosophy aesthetic realism, is changing the way i saw my father, dominick amello.  i thought i would never be able to feel that we could be true friends.  i was so blinded by anger at him that i could not see who he was as a person--a person having both good and bad qualities.  i also did not see that he was an individual self who was in relation to the whole world, not just me.

beginning in aesthetic realism consultations and later in classes with eli siegel, the founder of aesthetic realism, i was able to change from using my father, and my criticisms of him, to despise the world, to learning to use him of behalf of knowing and liking the world.  i began to see who he was truly, including where he could be respected.  he was very grateful for our new relationship and began to have consultations for himself.  he got a new lease on life himself.  i am very proud of the paper published here that was presented at a public seminar several years ago at the not-for-profit aesthetic realism foundation in new york city.  it also means so much to me that, in giving aesthetic realism consultations, i can use what i learned to have the lives of contemporary women happier, more just to their own fathers!  here is the article: https://bit.ly/2tg9eyi



posted by rosemary plumstead at 8:09 am






tuesday, december 04, 2018




i respect tremendously the work of emmy award winning filmmaker ken kimmelman.  mr. kimmelman, who is a consultant on the faculty of the not-for-profit aesthetic realism foundation in new york city, has produced films that have made the world a kinder place.  an example of his fine work is:  "what does a person deserve?" which you can see now.  https://bit.ly/1k4qfvh  



posted by rosemary plumstead at 8:28 pm






saturday, december 01, 2018



	 
	 aesthetic realism and the art of the flute: an interview with barbara allen in conversation with edward green, phd
	 
    


it is a pleasure to post a video of an important interview of aesthetic realism consultant and flutist, barbara allen.  it was conducted by edward green, phd who is also an aesthetic realism associate, a composer and professor at the manhattan school of music.  like myself, they had the good fortune to have studied in classes with eli siegel and learned new things from him about the world, the art they care for, and their lives.

this interview was published in the hellenic journal of music education and culture and shows with vividness why miss allen is personally and professionally grateful for her aesthetic realism education in the field of what beauty is in music, particularly in the art of playing of the flute.  i respect her expression tremendously and i'm glad to know her better through this interview and learn new things about the importance of aesthetic realism to music education.  enjoy! https://bit.ly/2ugzxqn



posted by rosemary plumstead at 9:52 pm






friday, november 30, 2018



	 
	 the aesthetic realism teaching method shows science is for liking the world!
	 
    


i had a wonderful time teaching science to high school students in new york city using the aesthetic realism teaching method!  it was even more meaningful to me because this is not the subject i originally trained to teach when i was attending college.  i began my career as a health and physical education teacher.  it was because of my study of aesthetic realism that i branched out into a field that i was essentially "disinterested" in and, in turn, had a hard time learning myself while in high school.  i loved sports, but i almost passed up a career in physical education because of the extensive science courses that were required.  i took the leap and i got my teaching license.  after three years of being a classroom teacher, i was burnt out.  i no longer felt the thrill of sports because i was teaching the mechanics, (which seemed dull to me when broken down into individual skills), and i thought i might leave the classroom and go into public health work.

three years after i started teaching, i began to have aesthetic realism consultations.  through what i learned, my way of seeing the world, people, and the subjects i was teaching changed!  i began to see the world with new wonder and respect.  i learned what eli siegel explained:  that "the purpose of all education is to like the world through knowing it," and my teaching changed radically for the better.  i learned that reality, including every subject, has a sensible structure making for beauty--it is a oneness of opposites--the same opposites we want to put together in our lives.  after 20 years of teaching health and pe successfully using the aesthetic realism method, i had the opportunity to teach science out of license for a few years.  i loved it!  i then decided to take a sabbatical and get re-certified to teach science full time.  i am immensely grateful that my aesthetic realism education enabled me to do so.  i found evidence day after day through the subjects i taught that this world could be liked, with all the difficulty, uncertainty and yes, injustice that exists. it was an honor to teach my students and try to present the world truly to them--to give them hope about the world and the true value of their minds and lives.  here is an article describing one of the many lessons i gave: https://bit.ly/2yp5okb



posted by rosemary plumstead at 8:59 pm






thursday, november 15, 2018



	 
	 aesthetic realism and the meaning of good will by rosemary plumstead
	 
    


i have studied the philosophy of aesthetic realism since the early 1970's,  and i am grateful, both personally and professionally, for being able to study the meaning of good will. eli siegel defined good will as: "...the desire to have something else stronger and more beautiful, for this desire makes oneself stronger and more beautiful." (tro 121)

having the ability to ask myself at any given moment, as a wife, a friend, a daughter, and very much as a teacher: "am i having good will for this person?" or, "what would good will be in this situation?" has made the difference in my life between a pervasive shame i felt years ago, because i did not always have a good effect on other people, and the pride i feel today. during my tenure as a teacher, i was able to think consciously about what good will was for my students as i prepared a science lesson and thought about questions i would ask them, not only about the subject, but relating the subject to their everyday, often turbulent lives.  

as much as i had a big desire to be kind years ago, like many people, i also saw kindness as weak.  i thought i was more vulnerable to being hurt and used by people if i were "kind."  aesthetic realism sees good will--the real thing--as a oneness of opposites: toughness and tenderness, criticism and praise, affecting another person and being affected by that person.

as an educator for more than 30 years, this knowledge was invaluable to me. every teacher wants to have a good effect on his or her students.  i certainly did. and yet, there were things working in me which i didn't understand--anger, disgust, suspicion of people, a false notion of strength--that stopped me from being the person and teacher i hoped to be.

i learned from aesthetic realism that there are two desires working in us all the time. our deepest, most fundamental desire is to like the world, have honest respect for it and for people as a means of thinking well of ourselves. when we are untrue to this first desire, we rightly dislike ourselves. people betray themselves daily and have no clue why. it is because we have another desire: to feel important through looking down on people; a desire to puff ourselves up falsely through contempt.  mr. siegel defined contempt as: "the addition to self through the lessening of something else." contempt is the cause of most ordinary, everyday forms of injustice--such as a wife patronizing her husband and thinking to herself about her husband, "i know him;" or
 a teacher saying to another teacher in the lunch room, "these kids are 
barbarians, they'll never learn!"  and it was contempt of a massive kind that made for slavery, and the holocaust.  we see contempt manifested on the news as we hear about people being slaughtered in schools, in synagogues, malls and churches!  

when i attended an aesthetic realism seminar in 1973 and heard that a person's deepest desire was to like the world and be fair to it, i was thunderstruck.  at that moment i recalled having said to students in a health class, "who'd want to bring kids into this world anyway?" it was the first time i really questioned my attitude to the world and the effect it might be having on my students.  that mattered to me! 

that is clearly one of the big reasons i wanted to study aesthetic realism. i began having aesthetic realism consultations where i heard questions about how i saw the whole world: my parents, friends, my students, men and women, love, reading books, and so much more. i heard kind, critical questions of my contempt for things and people and what was brought out of me was my true self--a self whose deepest desire was to know and be fair to the world.  that self had been struggling in the dark looking for light. i came to care for art, music and poetry. i came to care for books more. i read jane eyre and learned about how a woman could be kind and strong in having good will for a man, as jane eyre did for rochester. i read henry james' "portrait of a lady," where i saw that a man could see the mind of a woman with great respect, and want to be fair to her depths. i started seeing my father dominick, with whom i had been furious, as a person to be known, understood, and used as a beginning point for liking the world, not fighting with it.  i saw people with more respect and a desire to know and understand them. this certainly included my students. my teaching took on new life and purpose and i came to love even more the subjects of health and physical education, which i was teaching at the time. a love for science, which i struggled learning in high school, grew in me so much that i got re-certified to teach it after 20 years in the classroom.

i began to feel that real love could exist between a man and woman where both were made stronger. this is what i have felt in my marriage of 36 years to reverend wayne plumstead, now a retired district superintendent in the methodist church in new jersey, and an aesthetic realism consultant. i have a chance close up, day to day, to want to know the depths of a man and hope to have good will for him. for us, what mr. siegel called the "third partner" in every relation between two people--the world--had great dimension because it included an entire congregation of people who have hopes, dreams, disappointments, and life questions of their own that we both wanted to try to be fair to.

i had consultations once a week for 18 months. i drove into the city from the bronx in rain, snow, sleet and hail to hear the deep, critical questions that made me feel so respected and cared for.  i felt for the first time in my life that three aesthetic realism consultants--people who were then complete strangers to me--wanted to know what i felt to myself.  using the principles of aesthetic realism, they taught me a new way of seeing the world and myself that has held up all these many years and for which i am very grateful.  they so much wanted me to be stronger that they were going to tell me the truth, not schmooze me. that is the magnificent good will i later experienced as i entered classes with eli siegel in 1975 to study to teach aesthetic realism.  with a keenness and depth, sweetness and intensity, as well as critical good humor, i was met by mr. siegel to my core.  i was being known. i was named an aesthetic realism consultant by him in 1978. this was one of the proudest moments of my life. i now have the privilege of teaching what i have learned and use my life, including my mistakes, to have the lives of other women and teachers stronger. what a gift!

i've used my best, most discerning mind on aesthetic realism, including the questions i heard in consultations and in classes with mr. siegel.  my education continues and my love and respect for aesthetic realism, eli siegel and the chairman of education of aesthetic realism, ellen reiss, with whom i now study in classes for consultants and associates, is rightly without limit.

i would now like to quote some passages from issue #900 of the international journal the right of aesthetic realism to be known, originally published in july, 1990 titled "the might of good will."  in the commentary by ellen reiss, she teaches the dear unknown friends she addresses about the aesthetic realism understanding of good will. she writes in the section: how powerful is ethics:

"good will is the central thing in ethics. so far in history, ethics has been seen as weak, incapable of defeating evil. but the reason ethics has seemed ineffectual is that people haven't seen what it really is. eli siegel, in aesthetic realism, has made ethics real. he has shown that good will and ethics are as real as a sidewalk, and are not only powerful, but the greatest power in the world."
and she continued in a section called "the elevator test"

"in his teaching of aesthetic realism, eli siegel described what he called the elevator test. it is evidence for the fact that when a choice between good will and ill will is made clear, really clear to people, they will always choose good will. the elevator test goes this way: you are in an elevator with a person you don't know, and you go up several floors together. you may never see the person again. do you hope that you have had a good effect on him, a bad effect, or no effect whatsoever?

every person answering honestly will say, a good effect. eli siegel showed that no one can stand the idea--if he (or she) really sees it--that he has left another person worse off; and the idea that we have no meaning at all for someone cannot please us. we can go on hurting a person only if we pretend to ourselves about it, make the hurt unreal, and see the person as not fully a person. the elevator test and the questions arising from it--how do you feel if you see you have left a person worse off?; how do you feel if a good effect has not come to a person through knowing you?--should be discussed in public forums, on television, in schools, with the discussion conducted by aesthetic realism consultants. such discussion in america would make ethics real. it would change people inside. it would make for kindness as a person saw someone of a different race on a street or campus.

and she concludes: good will is the oneness of care for ourselves and care for the world. it is the most critical, beautiful thing in man. "

it is my hope through what i have written about good will as explained by aesthetic realism, both personally and impersonally, will have it loved as a living thing in all of us and seen more and more as the same as our true self expression.



posted by rosemary plumstead at 8:27 am






saturday, april 15, 2017



	 
	 brushstrokes: a film against prejudice by ken kimmelman
	 
    


this emmy award winning, animated film by ken kimmelman, filmaker, educator and aesthetic realism consultant has changed the lives of many young people as they see, through art and humor, the "ridiculousness of prejudice."  we see visually the contempt that aesthetic realism describes as the basis of all prejudice and racism, and we are kinder.  i respect the imagination present in this film and want educators everywhere to know of it, especially at this time in history.  i present to you,
brushstrokes!



posted by rosemary plumstead at 5:00 pm






friday, april 14, 2017



	 
	 aesthetic realism asks:  what is art for?
	 
    


i love this wonderful issue of the international periodical, the right of aesthetic realism to be known titled, "what is art for?,' written by eli siegel, the founder of aesthetic realism.  in it, he discusses passages from a work that is a staple in art education: "art through the ages," written by helen gardner, a professor at the art institute of chicago in 1936 and greatly respected as critic by mr. siegel.  "all beauty," he stated, "is the making one of opposites, and the making one of opposites is what we are going after in ourselves."  and he proceeds, in a scholarly and delightful manner, to illustrate this landmark principle through specific passages in gardner's great work.  enjoy this fine article!



posted by rosemary plumstead at 9:30 am











about me

name:  rosemary plumstead 

view my complete profile

previous posts

untitled
aesthetic realism explains: “the mistakes daughter...
i respect tremendously the work of emmy award winn...
aesthetic realism and the art of the flute: an int...
the aesthetic realism teaching method shows scienc...
aesthetic realism and the meaning of good will by ...
brushstrokes: a film against prejudice by ken kimm...
aesthetic realism asks:  what is art for?
history is ethics and aesthetics
"is beauty the making one of opposites?" by eli si...

archives

january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
november 2005
december 2005
february 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
november 2006
january 2007
march 2007
april 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
september 2008
october 2009
march 2010
february 2011
june 2011
october 2011
september 2012
september 2013
december 2013
may 2014
october 2014
december 2014
january 2015
february 2015
june 2015
september 2015
october 2015
november 2015
march 2016
april 2016
may 2016
february 2017
march 2017
april 2017
november 2018
december 2018


blog directory / add your blog
the google / yahoo alternative

addme.com, search engine optimization and submission

 
search
feedster
  blogwise
  blogarama
  daypop
  news is free
  globe of blogs
  blogdex
  bloghop
  blog universe


web site directory & link exchange directory & business directory we are the largest human edited website directory & link directory with over 400 categories. listings for inclusion options are free, fast, banner and sponsor. submit now to increase your link popularity & traffic.cheap calling card & prepaid phone cardwe carry large selection of international and domestic phone card from different carriers and network with instant pins delivery at discounted price.
 

 
other related resources:


visit the aesthetic realism foundation home page and the page of vitally important links about
the aesthetic realism teaching method on the aesthetic realism foundation web site.

read rosemary plumstead's seminar paper on environmental science titled, "the aesthetic realism teaching method shows education is ethics!"
and my colleague dr. arnold perey writes on the need for aesthetic realism method in anthropology, on his web site aesthetic realism: a new perspective for anthropology. one of his articles,
"teaching indian culture in the u.s." is about the way aesthetic realism combats racism and was reprinted in numerous indian newspapers.

photographer len bernstein writes on the aesthetic realism viewpoint as to photography.
see the important, broad approach to religion provided by wayne plumstead's blog "the aesthetics of religion." rev. plumstead, a united methodist minister, also wrote in the circuit rider and hosted, at the park united methodist church in bloomfield, nj, a successful parenting workshop with speakers from the aesthetic realism foundation. 
also see the article by rev. plumstead on the cause of the columbine high school shootings.
jack plumstead (father of rev. wayne plumstead), writes in "friends of aesthetic realism--countering the lies."
and in the aesthetic realism foundation faculty biographies you can see a bio of rev. wayne plumstead, who is an aesthetic realism consultant.

lynette abel writes on aesthetic realism as to on art, economics, and love. on her web site she has reprinted the important essay by eli siegel, "the ordinary doom."
and visit the aesthetic realism theatre company and its outreach program.

donita ellison aesthetic realism associate & art educator, has posted, among other things, a joint article with myself (a science educator) showing the unity of science and art as we saw it in our own classrooms.

also see the web site of lois mason, aesthetic realism consultant & social studies teacher

on the subject of aesthetic realism and self-expression--how it can be encouraged and what interferes with it--miriam mondlin writes a personal narrative on her own success in this field.
eli siegel's classic and urgent essay on the place of aesthetics in understanding the human mind is titled "is a person an aesthetic situation?" and was, first, an interview with anthony lewis of the new york times book review.
you can see links about aesthetic realism, by persons who study it, on aesthetic realism resources, an up to date compilation.

the terrain gallery, with its copy of "is beauty the making one of opposites?" by eli siegel, is on this link: the terrain gallery / aesthetic realism foundation
for up-to-date honesty about the current events, read the international periodical of the aesthetic realism foundation, the right of aesthetic realism to be known (tro), edited by ellen reiss, the class chairman of aesthetic realism.







 



