






karaoke with kenny – …a texas original in karaoke entertainment.

























































 

 

























			skip to content		



karaoke with kenny
…a texas original in karaoke entertainment.

menu


time to sing!
the buzz…
 








time to sing! 





welcome to the karaoke with kenny website!
i haven’t had the site up and active in a long time as i had been stepping away from hosting for a while for personal reasons.  in 2017, i had the opportunity to start hosting again and it coincided well with school schedules and i jumped on the chance.  i enjoy hosting karaoke and hearing people sing. 
it is true that karaoke is “for everyone” and i definitely want people to have a good time at my shows.  being that i started karaoke up as one of the first hosts in the us, (all the way back to 1989 in a situation that was not ever even called karaoke), i can remember very different times with the nights that “the group” met up to sing.  i made and met some wonderful friends back then that i am still in touch with today, and we all share very fond memories of those years.
i have a special appreciation for those that are singers and who use karaoke opportunity for the same reason i always have – to keep my voice in some sort of performing shape, to have chances to sing new (and old!) songs to try them out, and best yet, to make new musical friends.  for singers who have no access to a band, the opportunity to perform and sing songs you’ve not yet had a chance to is exciting and instantly rewarding, and for those looking to just ‘have fun’, well it serves that purpose too.
all i ever ask audiences to do is simply respect the fact you’re getting free entertainment, don’t ever ‘boo’ to a singer in my show – it’s just rude – but you should at least offer a clap at the end of a song, either out of respect for the good singer who just knocked it out and put their soul into something, or for the not-so-good singer who just got up, regardless of how “well” that did or didn’t do… they still got up and gave it a shot.  the cost of clapping your hands is free, it shows simple respect, and it makes the singer feel great.
leave a comment or ask a question, or just look through the song database as soon as i get it up here.  we’ll have pictures, video & more soon.  also check out the new soundcloud account for songs i get to record for you guys when you’re at my show!  brand new feature!
so check back soon for all the above & more!  go sing!
share this:twitterfacebookprintlinkedintumblrredditpinterestlike this:like loading... 








			search for:		



		search	



recent posts


new stuff coming soon!


recent commentsdates!
february 2025


m
t
w
t
f
s
s




 12


3456789


10111213141516


17181920212223


2425262728
 



« oct
 
 
karaoke with kenny – facebook 

karaoke with kenny – facebook

stay in touch!categories

uncategorized


archives

october 2019

meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 



time to sing!
the buzz…
 

karaoke with kenny

					proudly powered by wordpress				

















%d


