







2767 woa members worldwide





























































 















 

2767 woa members worldwide







				sign in			




		
		0 items - £0.00	

checkout




 
















home

what woa can do for you
join
association matters

officers and association committee
minutes of 2023 agm
committee meeting summary
constitution and rules
woa accounts 30-09-24


area group guidelines
area groups
information security
conditions of subsidies for rya courses
woa logo 2026 competition
woa magazine
westerly in the press
faq’s
testimonials
woa fleet (members on significant passages)


boats

featured boat : oceanranger
all boats table on the wiki
westerly brochures on the wiki


events

past events


member services

search yearbook
imray nautical charts & books
suppliers of spares and services
marina offers
specialist small parts for westerly yachts
technical section
shop
other member services

zoom login
zoom meeting documents
harbour representatives
boatline
magazine downloads
photo competition rules & guidelines




adverts

craft for sale
craft wanted
equipment for sale
equipment wanted
craft share/swap
crew adverts
place advert
placing adverts in the website classified sections
advert testimonials


forums

forum activity
general group
technical group
all groups
forum faq’s
forum statistics
member blogs
register for forum


links

westerly wiki
westerly netherlands
awon – american westerly owners
navionics charting
sailties
sailties demo video
i-boating map
other websites
administrator tools



























woa newsasc 25you can find details of the woa annual summer cruise 2025 by logging into your woa account and clicking on the events page.posted 11th feb 2025recent updatesfor information regarding the subsidies for rya training and the 2026 logo competition, please login to your woa account where you can access  further details under the ‘home’ button.posted 29th january 2025submit a pleasure craft report (spcr)hm government (home office) have introduced a new universal permission to travel (upt) scheme which includes an updated spcr along with an electronic travel authorisation (eta) electronic visa (evisa), carriers liability scheme and the common travel area (cta).the spcris a voluntary, free to use service provided by the government, for those in the sector who own or are responsible for pleasure crafts that sail to and from the uk, to report data in advance of travel. it enables users to submit digitised data about the vessel, the voyage and persons and goods on board.further information is available by clicking on the following link:https://homeoffice.brandworkz.com/bms/albums/?album=3472&lightboxaccessid=50774524-bf12-4c56-a8ccada28e120650 – assetid=22475posted 9th september 2024stop the press – a story about insuranceinsured…are you sure?‘yes dear, we’re fully insured, well i’m sure we are, well i think we are, i’ll just read the policy (for the first time).’a friend of mine, let’s call him ed, has been coughing up his annual premiums for years with the same insurer believing he had the same full coverage summer and winter.this year his lovely big sailing boat went from its storage on the hard back onto its mooring on the river 2nd week of march, almost immediately there was a mighty storm, so mighty it caused the mast to collapse. ‘phew’ said ed, ‘good job i’ve got comprehensive cover. i’ll contact the insurers’.‘yes, ed, you do have insurance for this incident’ said the nice insurance company, ‘but, of course, because it’s prior to 1st april we only cover 80% of the cost and the excess is not £1,000 it’s £2,000’.‘what’? or words to that effect, said ed.ed thought, ‘i’d better tell my sailing chums about this’. ‘blimey’, ed’s chums said, ‘we’d better read the insurance policy’. many didn’t have cover prior to 1st april, many had higher winter excesses than summer ones.all checked their policies and made the appropriate altercations.moral of the story, check what your policy says it may note say what you think it says.by tim baker (checked, and i’m fully insured for full year in commission.)posted 25th april 2024woa yearbook survey resultsplease find attached the results of the recent woa yearbook survey.view attachment posted 26th february 2024gas safety – woa wiki information for gas regulators for lpg systems.the following has been written for our members by nick vass of omega yacht services, a gas qualified marine surveyor. please click below to view the attachment.view attachmentlatest calor gas news – calor reverse decision!!before christmas a notice was circulating on social media stating that calor were to continue the supply of 4.5kg butane cylinders.as pleased as we were at this news, as it could not be confirmed, we didn’t celebrate.i’m pleased to report that hillary corney has now had it confirmed by a very surprised calor distributor following a telephone call by them to calor. when they confirmed they were reversing their decision to stop the supply of these cylinders.thank you to all of you who took the time to complete the woa calor survey and also write to the cma, i’m certain that it was the sheer volume of responses that got their attention.also, a huge thank you to hillary corney for masterminding the campaign.a happy new year to you all.gill clare, commodore, the westerly owners’ association.posted 28th december 2023mrcc visit report – 12 july 2023please find attached the report from the mrcc visit falmouth.posted 25th july 2023go to your woa subscription click here to go to your subscription where you can make a paymentyour subscriptionzoom newscheck out the recordings of our various zoom presentations. they include merlin modifications, crossing the english channel and anchoring to name just a few. click here for zoom recordingspassword resetsour password reset system relies on your account accepting the password reset email. some email accounts will not pass the woa email on. if it doesn’t appear check your junk folders and if you can’t locate it please ask woa admin to change the password for you.failed loginswe have noticed from our logs that many of you are trying to login in with your username.  please login using your email address.membership cardswoa supplies all new members with a robust plastic membership card as part of the new members pack.  if  you have lost or mislaid yours there is an electronic replacement at my account, my membership card. the electronic card is valid for the current year of membership and can be printed or kept on your phone so saving space in your wallet. membership, website, forum and all it helpfor member support issues please contact  the admin office: adminoffice@westerly-owners.co.ukhow to remove old credentials in most browsersmobile device usersif you find the “hamburger” menu is not working clear the cache on your device.  this will solve the problem. more details hereexclusive offers for membersdiscounted imray charts & books & joining offer for the cruising association and discounted marina rates.current special offersspecialist small parts for westerly yachtssee our updated page under member serviceshttps://westerly-owners.co.uk/spares 






area groupssearch the site




placing adverts guidance for placing adverts
sellers beware scammers….small ads on the web are routinely targeted. ours are no exception. fortunately they are easy to spot. read our guidance for placing adverts 

recent adverts






centaur 1976




                            chichester                            

£7,995






2 standard horizon training radios




                            buckfastleigh                            

£100






westerly  konsort bilge keel full survey report available




                            dorset                            

20,000 offers invited as new boat arrived






oceanlord , 41ft , sali num 37 , 1989




                            portsmouth port solent                            

85,000






regatta 260




                            windermere                            

14,500




other searchessearch yearbook
search wikiuseful links
frequently asked questions

boatline

harbour reps

magazine downloads

photo competitioncreate an advert create an ad







terms/conditions & privacy
terms and conditions
privacy policy
cookie policy
forum rules


check current membership
check member


design
designed and maintained by equivox systems (equivox57@gmail.com)


get rss feed for adverts
subscribe


frequently asked questions
faq
contact us
contact us








		
		             	theme by out the box











this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. cookie settingsacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










 
 


















































































