






beachcomber fiberglass technology |



































po box 1015, port salerno, fl 34992phone: 772-283-0200email: sales@beachfiber.com









beachcomber
fiberglass technology, inc.











home
marine products

transom swim platforms


composite sheets & panels
government products
project photos
about us

testimonials


contact












 













































beachcomber fiberglass technology was established in stuart, florida in 1978. since our inception, we have actively solicited suggestions for our designs from such knowledgeable sources as experienced boaters, boat captains, marina and boatyard owners, dock masters, naval architects, sport fishermen and tower builders. our reputation, built through high quality fiberglass composites has evolved into providing products and services for government and defense contractors.
our customer base includes the us coast guard, us navy, lockheed martin, general dynamics, as well as many of their subcontractors. we also offer custom fabrication and subcontract services.
some of beachcombers most popular products include: swim platforms; bow pulpits; cockpit cabinets; dock, deck, and fish boxes; composite fiberglass sheets and panels; and custom fabrication of fiberglass and carbon fiber parts.





transom swim platforms are our specialty





approaching our 45th year in business
as we approach our 45th year in business, one of the things we are most proud of is the referrals we receive from previous customers, boat yards, yacht brokers, and boat builders throughout the us and abroad.
when the owner of this 58′ hatteras my was looking to install a larger swim platform on the boat, he contacted sams marine. sams specializes in after market products for hatteras and cabo yachts. for many years, sams has been referring customers to us. such was the case for the new swim platform on this beautifully maintained motor yacht.
hmy yachts is a highly respected yacht brokerage firm with locations throughout the southeast. they are one of the largest viking yacht dealers in the us. they along with builder viking yachts refer customers to us for swim platforms, bow pulpits, along with other fiberglass composite components.
basin marine, a well-respected boat yard in newport beach, ca, has installed many of our swim platforms throughout the years. when we receive inquiries from the west coast, often the customer will state that basin marine referred them to us. this holds true for other boat yards on the west coast.
other respected yards throughout the country use our products and services. this includes cable marine in ft. lauderdale, seabrook marine in galveston, pilots point in westbrook, ct and viking yachts service center in riviera beach, fl.
along with fabricating the swim platforms, we offer engineering services. this includes the design of the platform for a specific requirement such as accommodating lift systems, davit systems, as well as mounting brackets, ladders, cleats, and staple rails. we offer custom 316l stainless steel mounting brackets to complement the design of the platform. other high quality stainless steel hardware we can provide include ladders, staple rails, cleats and rub rails.













beachcomber’s state of the art manufacturing facility meets or exceed all environmental regulations. it is specifically designed to facilitate the construction of high quality fiberglass and composite components. the facility also includes a 300 sq.ft. showroom. 
beachcomber takes great pride in its reputation for quality. this pride in workmanship is passed on to our customers by guaranteeing our products for two years from date of purchase.

















beachcomber fiberglass technology inc. po box 1015, port salerno, fl 34992 – phone: 772 283 0200 – email: sales@beachfiber.com
































 








copyright © 2020 beachcomber fiberglass technology inc. | site by jh design unlimited 
















