


4 x 4 plus custom classic car and truck restorations





4 x 4 plus llc*


 



4x4 parts plus


custom classic
car and truck restorations

 used 4 wheel drive truck parts
locator 

specializing in new &
used 12 & 24 valve cummins parts

and some mopar parts

 





     
       
      



                                                                      

come see our dodge truck conversion,  chevy van
  conversion and lots more.
  custom classic car and truck restorations. example: 1973 dodge crew cab - 1983 ram charger, 1978 ram
  charger, 1992 dodge truck.  we have  4 wheel drive parts and accessories and specialize in
  custom conversions and are restoration specialists. 
specialty:  repairs on some
  transmissions depending on age and model. custom made to order drive lines. under carriage fabrication and modification
  to meet conversion needs (centerforce clutches) and parts.
rear end gear changes and swaps as well as set ups. master overhaul using
  yukon and dutchman axles. rear disc brake conversions available along with warn and
  eaton products.
lifts for all makes and models, suspension and body lifts. many accessories
  available on most makes and models such as bushwhacker, deezee, grant, smitty
  built, hypertech, lund, skyjacker, superlift, warn, trailmaster, rancho, rcd,
  firestone air ride systems and many more.
performance modifications include advance flow engineering (afe) for
  superior air flow and engine protection, air raid inductions systems, k &
  n inductions systems and volant cool air intakes, bd twin turbo with
  intercooler set      motor accessories on request such as dynamax, gibson, flowmaster, patriot,
  jones exhaust, hooker
  and headman headers, moroso, aeroquip, performance, fitner and taylor
  electrical along with msd ignition systems, accel, pertronix ignitor kits,
  flame thrower.
most after market conversions and custom parts can be obtained through us.
  come join the club. 
 
 


new
  product!!!  big o bushin....cure for dodge 03-07 death wobbles. see us in
  the the january 2012 edition of petersens 4 wheel & off road under 'new
  products'



does your truck wander all
  over the road? have you had it into the shop, spent thousands and it still
  doesn't drive like new? the big o bushin is the answer. it has been designed
  to eliminate the wandering within the track arm engineering. cnc'd from 4140
  tgp. the "bob" replaces factory hardware.
 



new
  product!!! quick six spacer for 1989-1998.5 12 valve cummins. see us in the
  january 2012 edition of 8 lug hd truck under 'new products'


have you ever taken any work to have done at a
  machine shop and been told they are weeks out? quick six solves the problem.
  machine work eliminated for head stud clearance. easy install of the quick
  six and you will be driving your truck the same day.





       why does
your truck look like this?? 
 
     when it
could look like this!!   
 
 
 
 
  van conversion
     
  1982 chevy van 
                                                                                          
  

projects:
   
new   1968
international crew cab to cummins   
   
new  1947
dodge power wagon restoration  
  
1990 dodge
pickup  
 
     
3rd place silverwood theme park coaster classic 2011 modified pickups    
 
 
 
 1992 dodge
puller    

 
              
        


  


1978
ram charger  now mud bogger  
 
    
 1983 dodge
ram charger               finished
 
    
2011 napa off road event custom trophies   

 
  
stuff for sale:  
 
   
1975 dodge dart
sport   
  

   
1965 ford econoline window van  
 
    cummins
stuff   

                           

  custom bumpers  
 
    
 dana
custom differential  covers     

 
 
   2 and 4 wheel drive
suspension products
 
 

 
      powertrax
no-slip      lock
right      eaton
     dana/spicer    
yukon     fabtech    
superlift    rancho
     trailmaster   
painless     
 
visa and mastercard accepted.

you can also pay securely with any major credit card through
    paypal. 



no checks
 
phone
1(208)623-2393 






9 am - 6 pm  pacific time
only
please be advised, if you live in the
eastern u.s. and it's 8 am where you are, it's only 5 am here.
closed sunday
& monday
if you need to know...call.
 emails
are answered as time allows. useful
links


 
 links

   privacy
    policy 

 
     
     







