




checkpoint learning | asce






































contact us



0


login























ways to learn



ways to learn
overview
webinars & virtual conferences
on-demand webinars
self-study courses
seminars
conferences
nano courses
compliance tracking
watch intro video


explore courses



explore courses
accounting & auditing
ethics
management
professional development
specialized knowledge and applications
taxation
technology
yellowbook
view all courses


cpe subscriptions



cpe subscriptions
professional packages
corporate subscription
video network
compare cpe packages


buy for team



buy for team
group cpe subscriptions
firm learning management
custom course development


support



contact us
user guides
system requirements




contact us



    email

    call




0




register | sign in





























 




 


welcome asce customers!
looking for asce? we now welcome you to checkpoint learning, where you will receive so much more!  checkpoint learning provides cpe and training solutions for everyone – ranging from individual learners to firms and teams. our subscription packages, self study and online courses, webinars and cpe network solutions will continue to satisfy all of your professional needs, and are nasba accredited. this means they will not only be accepted by the states that accepted asce credits, but by all regulators that accept nasba accredited courses. you may be especially interested in our print self-study with online grading courses, as they offer a similar experience to asce, with one major advantage – being nasba accredited!
now through december 31, 2022, you can use code asce22 to receive 20% off any of the cpe subscription packages. if you have any questions, please contact our sales department at 800.431.9025 options 1,3.
all asce certificates from the last five years are stored and available. if you need to get a copy of an asce certificate of completion within the last five years, please send an email to trlearning.support@thomsonretuers.com.
if you had hours remaining on your asce block, please call our support team at 800.431.9025 options 2,2.

start earning cpe



useful links
cpe subscription packages cpe conferences accounting and tax seminars cpe webinars self study cpe courses



 



why should customers choose checkpoint learning?



 
learn from industry-leading experts
 reliable and trusted presenters provide insightful application of tax and accounting information.

 
wide range of topics
 our robust selection of courses cover taxation, audit, accounting, ethics, professional development, and more.

 
flexible learning formats
 choose from many virtual learning choices for cpas and enrolled agents, in addition to conferences and seminars.




 
save with a cpe subscription
 get all the cpe you need for one low price.

 
easily track your cpe compliance
 meet your reporting requirements with confidence using our cpe tracker – included with all subscriptions.

 
powered by thomson reuters
 the know-how behind checkpoint, the cs professionals suite, and onvio, serving thousands of professionals like you.



 



how do you want to earn your cpe?







webinars
choose from over 450 live events each year, with nearly 100 full-day live webinars.
 
learn more      



self study
learn at your own pace, on demand, with more than 500 self-study cpe courses.
 
learn more      



cpe network
earn cpe credits through group study videos, offered through monthly video subscriptions.
 
learn more      






live online seminars
attend a live online seminar at a date and time that is convenient to you.
 
learn more      



virtual conferences
attend a multi-day web-based training event with up-to-the-minute expert analysis on key topics.
 
learn more      






 

get thousands of cpe credits for one low price
tired of tackling your cpe compliance piecemeal by taking one-off, individual courses? our cpe subscription packages were designed to provide a comprehensive assortment of cpe for cpas and enrolled agents – from baseline coverage that helps you earn your cpe credits to topics that broaden your skillset to advance your professional career.



premier plus cpe
 
get our most comprehensive cpe package, ideal for industry-leading professionals.
 
learn more      


premier cpe
 
our most popular cpe package. earn your cpe with the highest quality programming, offering a broad range of topics.
 
learn more      


professional cpe
 
meet your cpe requirements on critical topics, with an eye on your budget.
 
learn more      



compare cpe subscription packages


 

questions?
contact our support team to help with cpe certificates and other pertinent information at 1.800.431.9025 (monday-friday 9:00 a.m. – 7:00 p.m. est) or search our customer help center.
 


 





















checkpoint learning
cpe accreditation info
checkpoint learning news
information security policy
sitemap


company
cerifi
terms and conditions
privacy policy


connect with us


                            facebook
                        


                            linkedin
                        








© 2025 cerifi. all rights reserved.

contact us















