











consolidated printing

















































 

















home
services

design services
print services
bindery / finishing services
mail services
digital press services
konica minolta sales / service
fulfillment services
promotional products


upload files
equipment
contact
about
faqs
quote

 



 






phone: 1-800-432-0266 
                    232 north 3rd | salina, ks 67401 



login
register

















 



 





consolidated printing 

>> graphic design 

>> offset printing 

>> bindery & finishing

 

>> mailing services 

>> much more 

providing expert services in: 

welcome to 

 







consolidated printing is an authorized sales and service dealer
for konica minolta digital document delivery systems. 

do you need assistance with 

your konica minolta equipment? 

 







why choose consolidated printing? 

 we have an unrivaled dedication to creativity and craftsmanship. this is our guarantee to every customer. 

 

 

 




 

 

 

 

 

scroll 


 








let's start a new project together.
upload your files to start a new job.




upload files
















bindery
consolidated printing offers complete bindery capabilities to handle the most complex projects.
learn more










promotional products
we can imprint your company name and/or logo on just about any type of promotional item.
learn more










fulfillment
let us store, pick, pack, and ship your products for you to save space, time, and money.
learn more










mailers
direct mail services let you reach customers, members, and targeted prospects with unequalled precision.
learn more














full service printing
custom printing for all your needs.
learn more










apparel
screen printing and embroidery is available for many garments.
learn more










design
from posters to business cards and everything in between, we design it.
learn more










office technology
modern printing technology produces the best results at the lowest prices.
learn more







consolidated printing is where craftsmanship and creativity meet



for all the advanced technology we employ, printing is still a craft, and our greatest asset is our people. our creativity, skills, and dedication to outstanding service are qualities you’ll have to visit us to appreciate – by phone or in person. we hope you’ll do just that by giving us the opportunity to quote your next project.

from our central kansas location at the crossroads of i-70 and i-135, we serve clients throughout kansas, nebraska, missouri, and beyond. call 800.432.0266 or 785.825.5426 and discover what we can do for you.


















	upload art
	


existing customers can login to our ftp site to upload art files. if you need assistance please call 1-800-432-0266.

upload art

	business hours


monday - friday
8:00am to 5:00pm
 


saturday
closed
 


sunday
closed
 


	connect with us






 










copyright © 2019. consolidated printing. powered by   designed by sandhillscreative.com











 






































