














continuing medical education » college of medicine » university of florida










































skip to main content





skip to main menu






uf health






      university of florida
      













        continuing medical education
      



          college of medicine
        










register for an event









open search







open main menu










main navigation




        home
                          - current page











        about us
                              





show submenu for about us




about us overview








        mission statement
                              





        advisory committee
                              





        staff
                              





        scholarly endeavors
                              








        publications
                              








        project grants
                              







        contact us
                              







        find cme courses
                              





        apply for cme
                              





show submenu for apply for cme




apply for cme overview








        hosting virtual events
                              





        cme that counts for moc
                              





        request social media marketing
                              







        conference planning
                              





show submenu for conference planning




conference planning overview








        services
                              





        conference planning quote
                              





        our conference planning team
                              





        client testimonials
                              





        planning services for virtual events
                              





        our conference portfolio
                              





        event gallery
                              







        faq
                              





show submenu for faq




faq overview








        commercial support & exhibits
                              





        general & course participant faq
                              





        course director & administrator faq
                              








        request a consultation
                              







        policies
                              





        links
                              







        podcast
                              





show submenu for podcast




podcast overview








        episodes
                              







        view my cme
                              
































              continuing medical education
            

              uf cme works with uf college of medicine departments to identify educational opportunities, and to design, implement, and evaluate professional development programs.
            



about uf cme











          apply for cme
        

          planning an event and want to offer cme credit? fill out our cme application to apply for ama pra category 1 credit for your program.
        




apply now












          conference planning
        

          uf cme’s conference planning services allow college of medicine departments to focus on the content of their program and leave the logistics to our professional staff. 
        




services available












          need to renew?
        

          access courses in medical error prevention, prescribing controlled substances, domestic violence,  hiv, and dea opioid education to help meet your florida board of medicine licensure renewal needs.
        




view cme courses























required courses for license renewal | opioid education requirements 









            dea license renewal
          


                        8 hours – substance use disorders training
                          



          the mate act requires new or renewing dea licensees, as of june 27, 2023, to have completed a total of at least 8 hours of training on opioid or other substance use disorders and the appropriate treatment of pain in order to obtain a new dea license or renew their current dea license.this is a one-time education requirement for renewals after june 27, 2023.



start now





















            florida license renewal 
          


                        2 hours – controlled substance prescribing 
                          



          physicians have a critical role to play in prescribing controlled substances with care and to use evidence-based guidelines.the following course is approved by the florida board of medicine to fulfill the controlled substance prescribing course renewal requirements outlined in section 456.0301



register now



















required courses for license renewal | florida board of medicine









            required for florida license renewal
          


                        medical error prevention
                          



required number of hours: 2click the link below and enter your ufl email at the bottom to gain access to the course.



register now













            required for florida license renewal
          


                        domestic violence
                          



required number of hours: 2click the link below and enter your ufl email at the bottom to gain access to the course.



register now













            required for florida license renewal
          


                        hiv update
                          



required number of hours: 1click the link below and enter your ufl email at the bottom to gain access to the course.



register now




















featured online learning














              qpsi academy courses
            


            enhance quality and patient safety through expert-led courses designed to be flexible and learner focused with topics including fundamentals of patient safety, caregiving wellbeing, palliative care, communications and infection control.
          






view courses


















              gatordocs podcast
            


            portable, timely, and practical continuing medical education activities for medical professionals that enhance medical knowledge and stimulate practice-based learning and improvement. 
          






view episodes




















upcoming cme events









            february 14-16, 2025
          


                        the 30th annual multidisciplinary symposium on breast disease
                          



          join us on february 14-16, 2025 in amelia island, fl! the symposium provides a multidisciplinary overview of the diagnosis and treatment of all stages of breast cancer. faculty includes experts in the fields of surgical, medical and radiation oncology, pathology, radiology, surgery and patient advocacy.
        


more information





















            march 3-7, 2025
          


                        spring anesthesia ski summit
                          



          join us on march 3-7, 2025 in vail, co for the spring anesthesia ski summit – a combined ski and learn meeting for anesthesiologists. the conference will feature morning and evening cme lectures, allowing attendees to enjoy the ski slopes from open to close.
        


more information





















            march 29, 2025
          


                        uf health stroke conference
                          



          join us on march 29th in orlando, fl! the the 12th annual stroke conference will focus on science, technology and practical applications in order to equip participants with the tools needed to deliver high quality, evidence-based, patient centered stroke care. 



more information





















            april 11-12, 2025
          


                        aya oncology & oncofertility conference
                          



          join us on april 11-12, 2025 in gainesville, fl! discover the profound impact of cutting-edge scientific advances on aya oncology and oncofertility, and gain a deeper understanding of the reproductive risks associated with cancer therapies.
        


more information





















            april 26, 2025
          


                        update in nephrology & hypertension 2025
                          



          join us on april 26, 2025 in jacksonville, fl! this cme program is designed to improve the knowledge, competence and performance of healthcare providers engaged in the care of patients with renal disease.
        


more information





















            may 2-4, 2025
          


                        gulf atlantic anesthesia residents’ research conference
                          



          join us on may 2-4, 2025 in st. pete beach, fl! gaarrc is dedicated to showcasing the research activities of resident physicians in anesthesiology. designed to foster a relaxed and supportive atmosphere, this professional gathering highlights presentations from residents across southeastern anesthesiology programs, providing an ideal platform to share, learn, and connect.
        


more information





















            may 30 – june 1 , 2025
          


                        ultrasound in obgyn 2025
                          



          join us on may 30 – june 1, 2025 in gainesville, fl! ultrasound in obstetrics and gynecology: innovative practice for advancing health is a three-day course designed for all sonologists who use ultrasound for screening and diagnosis in a clinical practice setting, including physicians, fellows, residents, nurse practitioners, physician assistants, nurse midwives, nurses and sonographers.
        


more information





















            july 26, 2025
          


                        update in liver & gastrointestinal diseases
                          



          join us on july 26, 2025 in clearwater beach, fl! the 19th annual update in liver & gastrointestinal diseases will present the latest data and treatment options in gastroenterology and hepatology.
        


more information





















            sign up!
          


                        be the first to hear the latest info for our events!
                          




join our email list

























            connect with us on linkedin!
          


          keep up to date with upcoming events, and see snapshots from what's happening with uf cme and the college of medicine!
        






uf cme on linkedin
























conference planning services









user-network














            services
          


                        overview
                          



          our certified conference manager and experienced event staff at uf continuing medical education will be delighted to help you with the conference planning process. 
        


learn more













send-email-monitor











            inquire
          


                        submit an inquiry
                          



          ready to secure conference planning services for your event or would like more information? fill out our conference planning quote form to connect with our conference manager.
        


request information













social-profile-network











            promote
          


                        social media post request form 
                          



          interested in increasing engagement and attendance for your next event? upload your marketing image for your approved, cme accredited, educational activity, to be featured on all of our major social media platforms!
        


upload media 













rating-star-winner









            review
          


                        client testimonials
                          



          view comments from conference directors on working with uf cme conference planning services.
        


client testimonials
























            florida board of medicine
          

            online educational courses for recertification
          


          access courses to keep you current in medical error prevention, domestic partner violence, and hiv update that will help meet your licensure renewal needs.
        






sip online courses

































        continuing medical education
      



          college of medicine
        















                  physical address
                

                                      1329 sw 16th st, ste 2106                                      gainesville, fl 32608                                  

                  phone
                


352-733-0064



                  email
                


cme-mail@ufl.edu








                social media
              






facebook







twitter







linkedin














university of florida health - home





university of florida - home







log in




website support




sitemap




disclaimer & permitted use




disability services




security policies




uf privacy policy




shands privacy policy




this page uses google analytics (google privacy policy)










      © 2025 university of florida health
    

















