








paypercall.com - 800 and 900 numbers pay per call phone billing solutions








































introduction
testimonials
how to promote
screenshots
blog












                    click audio button for more details
                  


















800 bill to
                      credit card tm









24hr
                      guaranteed setup time







order now
order online for fastest setup












home

800 bill to credit card


advice line
psychic line
adult line
life coaching
technical support
counseling line
fan hotline
consulting line
sports line
lawyer line
international


about us
why us
earnings potential
faq
contact us
login







turn telephone calls into profits!
the leader in telephone billing solutions









































800 bill to credit card tm
paypercall.com offers a full suite of automated billing services that helps you turn the telephone into a lucrative revenue stream.
learn more


the pay per call advantage...

unlimited growth & earnings potential
charge your callers per minute or flat rate
low startup cost 
quick and easy setup for any business
online control panel w/ real-time reports
expert marketing tools & support
build your own business & brand








start your own pay per call line
or create one for any idea






advice line

                offer advice on any topic. help callers while making money at the same time. this type of line generates lots of repeat callers!
              
learn more





adult line

                whether it's adult talk, or a casual conversation. adult lines have always been among our highest revenue producing lines that we setup for clients!
              
learn more





psychic line

                offer psychic readings by phone which gives your callers the clarity, and peace of mind they are searching for. psychic lines have excellent ongoing profit potential!
              
learn more





life coach

                now you can start profiting from the high demand, multi-billion dollar life coaching industry with your own pay per call life coaching line.
              
learn more





technical support

                technical support is the ultimate application for pay per call sevice, and one of the most profitable...
              
learn more







what our satisfied clients are saying about us





not only have you saved us money on setting up a phone system that does all those things exceptionally well, but you have increased our bottom line when before we were giving away calls for free now we are charging for the same calls.





chris gannon




when i was laid off from my company i thought about what businesses i could run from my home. paypercall.com is the main reason why i have been able to make my new business a success. i've been able take calls myself as well as expand the business by hiring others to work for me.





emily larson
impulse entertainment 



your ability to easily bill and collect money from my callers is simply brilliant. my business has taken off since we began using your lines. we have been able to triple our paid callers in under 2 months.





marc cooper




paypercall.com is a company that cares about it's customers. they've given me lots of guidance on marketing my line which has proved to be extremely profitable. i recommend them to anyone who wants to make money charging for telephone calls.





deborah wilson
celestial readings 























honesty. integrity.





27 years
technologyleader


technology leader
we are the industry leader with 27 years experience in the pay per call business.




norton secured
we are a nationally accredited service bureau






share this website





now more than ever
a pay per call number makes sense for business


order now









get the latest details right in your inbox!









                      send me more details about setting up a pay per call line
                    









menu

home
about us
why choose us
testimonials
screenshots
client login
contact us



more

introduction
800 - bill to credit card
international bill to credit card
900 - bill to phone bill
earnings potential
how to promote
faqs
privacy policy
blog
order now






contact



                      order online for faster setup!
                      sales@paypercall.com




share us:
 










© copyright 2025 paypercall.com





























 
