
















backyard workshop - do it yourself projects and tips








































































backyard workshop - do it yourself projects and tips



tips on making your own tools and proper use of workshop tools and equipments.

























































































thursday, november 13, 2008







table saws are an important addition to any workshop





table saws are very important tools in many different woodworking shops and workshops all over the country. there are a number of different types of table saws available. these saws are fairly expensive so it is sensible to spend some time researching the different table saws before you make a purchase. it's a good idea to spend time researching the different types of tools before you choose which one you want to purchase. one good way to find suitable table saws you might like to buy include reading reviews of what other people think. if you know anyone else that has a table saw then ask them for their opinion. by asking around you will be able to make sure that you are purchasing high quality tools. different types of table saws there are a number of different types of table saw. contractor saws are commonly used by professional people and have a 2 horsepower motor. most of these saws come with large work surfaces and high quality reliable fences which means they are very accurate. it's normally possible to upgrade the fences if required. a good saw will last for a very long time as long as it is cared for properly, and these will cut any wood with accuracy. these are not the best for collecting dust however. another option is a bench top saw. these are quite light and portable, these are ideal if you don't have a lot of space in your workshop. they are very easy to move and set up and can even be carried by one person. make sure you check the fence of the machine you are considering buying as it's not possible to upgrade these at a later date. you will have to live with the type you are using. another type of heavy duty saw is a cabinet saw. these are used by professionals who make cabinets. these often have a large table but quite a small footprint. the motors in these are at least 3 horsepower and all require 220v power supply. this means that if you are running these in your home you ma y require an electrician to install a dedicated line for it. you should start by deciding whether you want to use a stationary or portable saw. portable saws use up much less space and are much easier to move from location to location. most portable models are just as good as stationary models as long as you choose carefully. the stationary saws are designed to be set up and left in the same place. these saws are too large to move from room to room but are often much more powerful and come with many extra accessories. stationary saws are often more expensive, so you do need to be careful. these also take up more space than the portable saws. safety tips you should always make sure that you wear safety equipment when using this equipment, this includes goggles and ear protection. these saws can cause sawdust to fly through the air which can cause damage to your eyes. the loud noise an also be damaging to your hearing if you use it for a long time. you should avoid wearing baggy clothing as this can get caught in the blade and cause serious injuries and even death. make sure you keep the area clean around the saw as any mess can be dangerous, this can cause someone to slip and fall onto the saw. don't adjust the saw while the saw is still running. make sure you unplug your saw from the electricity before you carry out any maintenance work on it. saws can quite easily start up without you expecting them to. about the author leroy calstard's papers are found on quite a few online sites tied to information on table saw blade reviews. through his detailed writings like http://www.insidewoodworking.com , the author confirmed his depth of understanding on subjects similar to best table saws.





posted by



chalacuna




at

11:22 pm



no comments:
  













labels:
power tools,
tablesaw,
woodworking tips













older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)










































































ethereal theme. powered by blogger.
























