






the rhodes 22 owners' group



 
 





 






the rhodes 22owners' group


close menu

home
community news
rhodes 22 burgee
rhodes 22 locator

email list▼

charter
usage guidelines
admin
archives
search


about the rhodes 22
general boats

picture gallery▼

general
exterior
cabin
technical
friends


reference pages
document library
cruising tales
video & more











the rhodes 22 owners' group
r22 owners' group















❮
❯








welcome to the website of the rhodes 22 owners' group

rhodes 22 burgees are now available.  go to the 
					burgee page for details. 
				

the rhodes 22 owners' group is a collection of people who either own a rhodes 22 sailboat
				   (in some cases more than one), are former owners of a rhodes 22 sailboat, or are thinking about
				   buying a rhodes 22 sailboat. anyone with any interest in the rhodes 22 is welcome to join us.
this website serves as a place to welcome those who have recently become interested in 
				   the rhodes 22, and as a library of pictures, articles, documents, and links for anyone
				   looking for more information about the rhodes 22.
the real action in our community happens on our email list.
and there's also a facebook group.


	your webmaster (mike weisner) covers the cost of hosting the rhodes 22 owner’s group website and 
					email list out of his own pocket. if you would like to help, please use the ‘donate’ button below. a 
					donation of $10 per year is suggested. thank you.







historical note:
most of the content on this website was created around the year 2000 ... a few years before; a few years after.  
				   after that time, little was added. as a result, a lot what you see here might seem somewhat dated. but that doesn't
				   mean it's not relevant.  the rhodes 22 sailboat is the same boat today that it was in the year 2000.
in 2020 an effort was undertaken to revitilize the website, to modernize the look and feel, and perhaps to 
				   add some new bells and whistles.  if you're reading this, it's an indication that this effort has been at 
				   least partially successful. thank you for your patience.
the email list, on the other hand has been going strong the entire time,
				   so, if you have an interest in the rhodes 22, feel free to hop on board.
 





 


© 2024, rhodes 22 owners’ group



								contact the webmaster
						


last revision: set me












×
message to webmaster:

 
			      		to use your email application to send a messsage to the webmaster rather than this form, 
			      		click here
			      		. 
			      	

your email address:

your message:
 


cancel
send



 



×
sending message:

your message is being sent... 

closing this window will not affect the mail sending process.


 
 
 





