



charlotte ophthalmology center for sight




































































 








16610 birkdale commons parkway, huntersville, nc 28078events & specialscall us: (704) 895-8200order contact lenses onlinemake a paymenthomeabout useye conditionsdry eye treatmenteye procedureslaser vision correctionadvanced cataract surgerymultifocal lens implantsastigmatism correcting lens implantsbotox – cosmetic and medicaloptical departmenteyewearcontact lensesfor patientspatient informationeducation resourcespayment & financing optionslocation
welcome to charlotte ophthalmology






our physicians have helped thousands of people see better, look better, and feel better. 
							
 


charlotte ophthalmology, 
is a leading area practice with over 40 years of experience. 
							 


we believe in one-on-one patient interaction.  
at our office, it’s not about the numbers… 
it’s about treating patients one at a time. 
							
 


we are committed to excellence, and our patients turn to us for the best care available. 
							
 





meet the doctorslearn eye conditionsproceduresoptical departmentpatient informationnow available at our office! call for details.our physicians welcome patients for routine eye exams.
at this visit our experienced team of ophthalmic assistants and physicians will work together to check your vision, determine whether your vision could be improved with glasses or contact lenses and examine your eyes carefully with specialized technology for the presence of any eye conditions or diseases that might threaten your eyesight. many people do not realize that some conditions like glaucoma and retinal disease may create few or no symptoms, especially in the early stages of the disease. early detection of conditions like these allow for more effective treatment and a better prognosis.
advanced technology with personal care
charlotte ophthalmology invests in the latest laser, surgical, and pre-op testing equipment available.  our physicians are always up-to-date on the newest treatments and technologies, all delivered with the personal care our patients have come to expect.
dr. brandon whiteside is our vision correction surgeon specializing in state of the art cataract surgery with premium lens implantation, lasik and treatment of corneal diseases including corneal transplants.
dr. daniela whiteside specializes in medical retina treating macular degeneration, diabetic retinopathy, retinal tears. they are among the most experienced and well-trained in the entire country. together they have performed thousands of surgical and vision correction procedures and work as a team to meet all of your eye care needs. both are board certified by the american academy of ophthalmology, and have completed extensive training as eye surgery specialists and ophthalmologists.
latest announcements 

announcements, blogwhat is the optilight by lumenis & how can it manage your dry eye? 

 


 
 

now is a great time to try lasik!specialslasik surgery is a form of laser vision correction that can correct your glasses prescription.. this surgery works for people who are farsighted, nearsighted and those who have astigmatism. right… 



new sunglass brands availableannouncementswe now carry salt life sunglasses, randolph engineering, and nike suns! come in and check out our latest brands of sunglasses and eyewear today. we look forward to helping you… 

 


 
we are proud to announce the addition of lensx laser cataract surgery. for patients who are candidates, the latest technology for cataract surgery allows our doctors to use a surgical laser, called lensx, for specific segments of the procedure to make cataract surgery more accurate than ever before. this laser system creates incisions without a blade so that the capsulotomy, primary incisions and even astigmatism incisions can be created more precisely.
dr. brandon whiteside is a certified lensx surgeon and will be happy to examine your eyes to determine if this procedure is right for you. more information on lensx
learn more about lensx


phone: (704) 895-8200
fax: 704-946-8956
charlotte ophthalmology center for sight
16610 birkdale commons parkway
huntersville, nc 28078
facebookinstagramhome
about us
eye conditions
dry eye treatment
eye procedures
botox – cosmetic and medical
optical department
for patients
education resources
location
events & specials
© copyright charlotte ophthalmology center for sight. all rights reserved.

 menu

















