










home - greater fort kent area chamber of commerce
























































 
 

















skip to content




































menu 
homemembers member benefits member directory member to member deals member login sponsorship opportunitiesabout us about us board of directors contact us chamber newsletter online store – shop localwhat’s new job postings hot deals news releasesevents events list events calendarjoinmember loginplan your visit lodging dining shopping visitor guide area maps








 







 





welcome to the






greater fort kent area chamber of commerce
















calendar


event calendar 
 














calendar


join today 
 
















calendar


directory 
 














calendar


member login 
 





















promoting and advancing a healthy business environment through tourism, economic vitality, and community development while preserving our rich cultural heritage.

















become a member






the greater fort kent chamber puts a spotlight on our partners. whether it's sharing your news, promoting your events, or highlighting special deals, we're here to amplify your message to the business community and visitors in our area.







learn more


















explore the area





















                                shopping                            














                                eating                            














                                lodging                            














                                events                            























view calendar


















request a ribbon cutting ceremony









ribbon cutting ceremony
embarking on a new journey is always cause for excitement, and what better way to mark the thrill of launching a new business or location than by hosting a ribbon-cutting ceremony?
joining forces with business partners, family, friends, and prospective clients, it's an occasion to celebrate together.
contact us today and let's celebrate your new business!





contact us
































chamber newsletter
we invite you to subscribe to our chamber newsletter and stay up to date!





subscribe now




















growing business. building community.









 












© 2025 greater fort kent area chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












greater fort kent area chamber of commerce













(207) 834-5354 














416 west main street suite 101, fort kent, maine 04743 










facebook



















 © 2025 greater fort kent area chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved. 








 
scroll to top

















