









home • the norwood fall fair, norwood, ontario





























































skip to content






norwood fall fair






menu


home
visitor information
maps
faq
photos
contact us
prize books

school fair
2024 prize book


forms

online entry form
4-h online entry form
baby show entry form
talent show entry form
concession application form


 








the norwood fall fair, norwood, ontario








norwood fall fair














 
homevisitor informationmapsfaqphotoscontact usprize books school fair 2024 prize bookforms online entry form 4-h online entry form baby show entry form talent show entry form concession application form

























thanksgiving weekend
a tradition since 1868!





















 
























schedule of eventsanimal exhibitscrafts & crop exhibitsschool fairhorse & pony eventsantique tractor pullantique car showlawn tractor racesentertainmentfair ambassadororganizers & sponsorshistory of the fairrent our fairgrounds





like us on facebook or follow us on twitter!























online entry form4-h entry formbaby show entry formtalent show entry formconcession / vendor application formexhibitor rulesprintable entry formschool fair prize book2024 prize book











rick mercer at the
norwood fair - video

















cbc's still standing
norwood - video










thanksgiving weekend - october 11, 12 & 13, 2025

"our 2025 theme will be announced soon"










please join us in the picturesque village of norwood, ontario for the annual norwood fall fair. the norwood fair was established back in the year 1868 as a place for area residents to display the fruits of their labours and to provide an opportunity for some friendly competition between friends and neighbours. the fair was also a community gathering where village folk came together to celebrate the harvest, catch up with each other and have a little fun for a couple of days.
the norwood fair has of course grown and evolved substantially in the last 150+ years, our mandate however has not changed, it is and always will be our mission to provide you and your family with a traditional country fair filled with lots of fun and excitement.
we are currently updating our prize books for the 2025 fair and plan to have them available in the spring. we have left our 2024 prize books available for viewing just in case you want to plan ahead and get some ideas on what you would like to enter this year.
2024 prize book
submitting your entries is simple with our online entry form
4-h club members please use our 4-h online entry form
pre-registration is not required for school fair entries. just bring your child’s / student’s work in at the appropriate time with completed school fair entry tag attached. click on the school prize book link below for categories and further details.
school prize book











click here for our2024 prize book





  








click here for ourschool prize book





  











fair highlights 
visit our schedule of events page for a full list of events, times and locations
 
 









 





kouri's kopters helicopter tours on saturday and sunday



 





ontario xtreme cowboy competition



 





antique car show and tractor pull



 





horse shows and competitions



 





plenty of live entertainment












 





goat shows and sheep shearing demonstrations



 





crops and home arts competitions



 





midway, parade and kid's talent contest



 





ontario lawn tractor racing sunday afternoon



 





flyball




















quick facts 
hours of operation:9am to 5pm dailymidway starts at 10:30am
admission:$15 dailychildren under 12 are freeweekend passes:  $25
overnight camping is not available!
 
 










 




free parkingfree parking on the fair grounds. enter via alma st. gate #3 or elm street gate #5 




no pets alloweddue to the large number of animals that make up the shows and exhibits and for the safety of all visitors and exhibitors, no pets are allowed on the grounds. 




weekend passesavailable at hastings, havelock and norwood home hardware stores and at the fair office until oct 12th. 














































































































































 










images and content copyright norwood agricultural society
content by jeff dornan, colleen terpstra and keith hambly. web site hosted by interpool development 
facebook


twitter


email



 




scroll to top






















