












san francisco public schools | sfusd





      skip to main content
    




















more options










information for...




families


students


employees


community


job seekers





employee menu

employee login 















menus


main menu



about


our mission and vision
learn about our mission, our vision, values, goals, and guardrails, and the districtwide plans supporting them



board of education
meet the commissioners and find meeting agendas and schedules



our team
meet the superintendent and our leadership team, and recognize outstanding employees



budget & lcap
 learn how budgets and the local control and accountability plan are created



news
read about what's new at sfusd



contact us
find out how to submit a records request or contact departments and schools







schools


enroll in early education
learn when and how to apply for infant, toddler, and prekindergarten programs



enroll in tk-13
learn when and how to apply for grades tk-13 and how our assignment system works



discover schools
get tips on how to search for schools that fit your child



school directory
view all our schools by grade level



school finder
search for schools by programs, location, and grade level



schools & the community
learn how our schools contribute to the community and how to find resources






learning


curriculum, assessments, and data
see what we're teaching, how we assess student learning, and opportunities for learning outside the classroom



special education
learn about special education assessments, individual education plans (ieps) and more



multilingual learners (english learners)
find out about multilingual learner programs, assessments and reclassification



language pathways
we have language pathways for learning non-english languages and for english learners 



resources
learn more about student technology tools, school libraries, textbooks and classroom materials



new approaches to learning
find out how we're redesigning learning in and out of the classroom






services


student supports & programs
see how we are supporting special education students, english learners, migrant students, foster youth, lgbtq youth, and refugee and immigrant youth



student services
find out how to request a transcript, make up credits, request transportation, or learn about available counseling services



health & wellness
find out how to get free meals and learn about health requirements for enrolling in school



family supports & services
check out our family toolkit for school engagement, learn how to sign up for school and district notifications, request translation or interpretation, or report a concern



safety & emergency
learn about school safety and emergency preparation



know your rights
know your rights as an sfusd family member or student and learn about sfusd policies






calendars


calendars
view the academic calendar, district and school events, and community-sponsored events.



submit an event
submit an event for inclusion on our website calendars






connect


student, family & school resource link
call or email to get help with sfusd resources for students and families



get involved
participate in the sfusd community by investing in our students, volunteering or advising the board



community partners
get a memorandum of understanding (mou) to partner with sfusd or learn about our community partnership network



vendors
learn about the bidding and rfp process and view current invitations for bids, rfps, rfqs, rfos, and rfis



contact us
find out how to submit a records request, view our organization chart, or contact departments and schools



human resources
find links for all hr functions through the employee lifecycle including finding a new role, evaluating staff, and how sfusd supports the needs of employees and their families.








information for:


families


students


employees


community


job seekers




user menu


employee login 









search

site search



search site




















san francisco public schools












 













black history month 


sfusd schools uplift the achievements and history of black americans all year and especially during february. 

black history month resource guide
















national counseling week 


join sfusd staff, students, families, and community members in honoring our school counselors during national counseling week feb. 3-7 and all year long! 

explore counseling resources 
















immigration policy & resources


california, san francisco, and sfusd are and will always be sanctuaries committed to standing up for immigrant communities. 

learn more
















sfusd's bond program


san francisco voters approved a 2024 general obligation bond measure, focusing on safety, modernization, and healthy school meals. bonds fund necessary facilities improvements for san francisco public schools. 

learn more
















student success stories


read about students from all backgrounds from every corner of the city who found a path to success in san francisco public schools. 

student profiles
















expanded free transitional kindergarten


all children born between sept. 2, 2020 and sept. 1, 2021 are eligible for free, high-quality early education for the 2025-26 school year at sfusd. apply today.

expanded transitional kindergarten 












announcements
link to this section










  supporting lgbtq+ students in sfusd



originally posted on jan. 30, 2025: leaning into and celebrating our diversity helps all of our students to feel seen, heard, and respected; this includes our district’s trans-identified students and all of our lgbtq+ students and families. while it is not yet clear how or when developments at the federal level might inform things here in sfusd, commitment to our core values will not change.






posted on
february 11, 2025










  resources for immigrant students and families



originally posted on jan. 16, 2025: sfusd continues to coordinate closely with the city and county of san francisco and california department of education to ensure we have resources and plans in place for supporting vulnerable communities.






posted on
february 11, 2025










  presidents day holiday 



all sfusd schools and offices will be closed on monday, feb. 17 in observance of presidents day. 



posted on
february 13, 2025












view more announcements









        budget development
                  link to this section










superintendent's column: addressing sfusd’s budget challenges









understanding the budget and lcap









frequently asked questions (faqs) 
















        essential resources
                  link to this section










enroll in sfusd schools
learn how to enroll in sfusd schools.








free school meals
free school meals are available for all sfusd students. learn more & access other food resources.








student & family handbook
all the forms, policies and information you need.








how to translate this website
cómo traducir este sitio web. 如何使用網站的翻譯功能. kung paano maisasalin ang website na ito. كيف تترجم هذا الموقع الاليكتروني. cách để dịch trang web này.








parentvue
log in to family portal (parentvue) to access grades, attendance and more.








parentvue resources
get help with your family portal (parentvue) account.








sign up for notifications
make sure you're getting communications from your school or the district.








student family school resource link
contact the student family school resource link for support in navigating sfusd resources.





info for families










        meetings and events
                  link to this section










board of education meetings
the board will meet in person for regular session tue. feb 11, 2025 @ 5:00 pm for closed session and 6:30 pm for public session and regular meeting-workshop tue. feb 25, 2025 @ 5:00 pm for closed session and 6:30 pm for public session








board of education agendas (boarddocs)
active board meeting agendas and related attachments can be viewed on boarddocs. to access the meeting agenda, proceed by selecting the meeting by date.








district calendars
view district and school events and the academic calendar.















        know your rights
                  link to this section







bullying & harassment






cyberbullying






discrimination
uniform complaint procedure





non-discrimination statement






hate motivated behavior






sexual harassment/title ix






suicide prevention






williams complaints






cde bullying prevention resources






immigration policy & resources
















news
link to this section










  sf board of education elects leaders for 2025



the san francisco board of education elected its leaders for the 2025 year. commissioner phil kim was unanimously elected to serve as president, and commissioner jaime huling was unanimously elected to serve as vice president.



posted date
january 15, 2025










  sfusd shares budget updates 



district taking steps to eliminate structural deficit, streamline operational systems



posted date
december 10, 2024










  sfusd bond measure passes, voters elect three new sf board of education commissioners



department of elections certifies results of nov. 5, 2024 election



posted date
december 4, 2024












more news










        we are sfusd
                  link to this section












i've been teaching at tmahs since 2009. we've been through many changes, but true to our mascot, the phoenix, we always rise. i teach senior seminar, so i help all of our twelfth graders with college applications, financial aid, scholarships, and planning for life after high school. every time a student submits an application, they ring the bell, and the whole class cheers. it's my favorite tradition. 



  alexis beglinger



-thurgood marshall academic high school teacher










burton played a pivotal role in helping me dream big. 



  dr. ruby uasami "fanaika" fa'agau



-philip and sala burton high school alum











my xc season has been amazing. every practice and race has shown me how much i’ve improved and grown. i’m grateful for my coaches, teammates, and the fact that i can push myself beyond my limits.



  franny wu



-senior and student-athlete at george washington high school










i’m really excited for this year where we have a new menu for the kids. if they were here last year, this year they’ll see something totally new.



  albert tse



-culinary manager, student nutrition services










i’ve been with the district for 46 wonderful, beautiful, blessed years. i love the warriors and i love the kids.



  brenda ferguson



-instructional aide at tule elk park early education school










i love the people of sfusd: the students, families, and all of us - the staff members that serve those students and families. it really does feel like we are all one big family.



  tyson fechter



-principal, dr. martin luther king jr. academic middle school










i love my work because it allows me to impart the joys to science, art, literacy, and math to my students. they end up learning that every subject is intricately connected in the real world. students feel a real sense of pride and ownership in making those deep connections.



  kaitlyn kraybill-voth



-everett middle school science teacher










i love the numerous opportunities sfusd strives to provide and how distinct they can all be. i believe they really allow for well-rounded students and future workers.



  calianne sok



-senior at george washington high school, summer intern at culinary artistas










i like burton because i feel like it's a really tight-knit community where everyone supports each other.



  juan sanchez



-senior at phillip and sala burton high school, summer intern at junior giants










i love connecting with families and students and supporting them in learning how to navigate the world and each other.



  naroth than



-james denman middle school head counselor










i just love being with kids, being inspired by them. i love their curiosity and i love collaborating with other teachers and staff to help our kids learn and have fun while doing it.



  angelica bohall-ortega



-el dorado elementary kindergarten teacher










my favorite part about my job is seeing the wins. i think we have a population that is underserved. so just someone checking in on you and saying i see you, i care about you, i want you to win, all those things have really long standing outcomes that i think we don’t see in the moment but are huge wins. so when we celebrate that with the kids that’s the biggest win to me.



  wade king-gallman



-wellness coordinator at phillip and sala burton high school










i get to know the families and they love me and tell me i’m their auntie. i love working with the kids, they’re my life. they are our future. i could retire but i’m not going to retire. as long as babies are being born, i want to work with them.



  theresa bryant



-special education paraprofessional at malcolm x academy










i get emails and save all the cards that students have written to me. building relationships builds community and makes society better and stronger.



  kimberly long



-special education teacher at glen park elementary










i’ve wanted to teach since i was in high school. it’s something i’ve always loved doing. getting to be part of the growth of these students is amazing. i love working with the kids and community at glen park.



  nicole majors



-glen park elementary special education teacher 










my favorite thing about being a sfusd teacher is the diversity. i get to meet with so many people and collaborate with so many people across the district. these students and families really remind me of myself when i was younger and that's what makes malcolm x special.



  codion isom



kindergarten teacher, malcolm x academy










i love teaching pe because the kids just run here. this is the best part of their day. you get to be the ambassador of fun and what’s so beautiful about teaching pe is it’s social-emotional, it’s physical, it’s cognitive. there’s so much that you can do to really access and develop those parts of a student's whole experience.



  amy matarazzo



physical education teacher, miraloma elementary school










i think saving the environment is important to our future and something i want to be involved in.



  moyses aguirre



10th grade, abraham lincoln high school










i really love seeing the ‘a-ha’ moments with the kids as they’re connecting things they’re learning or have seen before when i share knowledge about different plants and animals.



  marina krauss



naturalist, sfusd environmental science center










it’s always a trip down memory lane coming back to the schools, going into classrooms, and meeting with the teachers and staff.



  megumi matsuno



sfusd alum (rosa parks elementary, presidio middle, washington high)










we’re trying to get kids out of their comfort zone and have some fun while staying safe.



  andre higginbotham and nicole warner



teacher and program liaison for the beginning riders and aspiring professionals program, june jordan school for equity










learning both spanish and english helped me understand who i am as a hispanic person born in the us, and it helped me grow more as a student.



  daniel alvarez deleon



class of 2023 and state seal of biliteracy earner, john o’connell high school










i help students teach each other about taking care of themselves and their wellness.



  karen tiu



teacher on special assignment, elementary health education, student and family services division










i grew up in the mission and with the james lick community, and there’s a big sense of pride that i’m able to give back to the community that helped raise me.



  liam meisel



soccer coach, james lick middle school










i appreciate the small community here at thurgood marshall and getting to know everyone really well. we are like a family and we all love each other.



  daniela funes



counselor, thurgood marshall academic high school










it’s important to me to be a black male teacher in a school with lots of black and brown kids, so there’s a certain way i carry myself.



  leonard gant



7th grade math teacher, martin luther king jr. middle school










i love seeing the kids progress, get better at their skills, and find things to enjoy that will keep them physically active throughout their lifetimes.



  brian chang



pe teacher, roosevelt middle school










by setting an example of hard work, dedication, and a positive attitude, i hope to encourage my students to become the best versions of themselves and to pursue their passions with confidence and enthusiasm.



  benjamin amezcua



3rd grade spanish dual immersion teacher, monroe elementary school










i’ve had chance meetings with multiple former hoover students, who as adults have told me how much they appreciated their middle school art classes and how it gave them an outlet to be creative and a way to express themselves.



  margaret pai



art teacher, herbert hoover middle school










having a community that stands up for you and really has your back has been the best part of being part of the village.



  sydney dow



4th grade teacher, dr. george washington carver elementary school










what i love is seeing students take their skills to other places that i could not foresee, and learning from them.



  marc bayangos



arts, media, and entertainment (ame) teacher, balboa high school






more we are sfusd











        subscribe to our family email newsletter
                  link to this section

sign up for our monthly newsletter for tips for families, the latest on what's happening at sfusd and more.



subscribe by email





subscribe


















contact
555 franklin street
san francisco, ca 94102
415-241-6000
employee login





information for


families


students


employees


community


job seekers








quick links


family portal


enroll


calendars


school meals


know your rights


report a concern







social links

twitter   
facebook  
instagram   
linkedin   
youtube  










student family school resource link
sfusd's student family school resource link supports students and families in navigating all of the sfusd resources available to them. students, families, and school staff can email requests to sflink@sfusd.edu, call 415-340-1716 (m-f, 9 a.m. to noon and 1 to 3 p.m., closed from 12 to 1 p.m. every day), or complete an online request form. phones will be closed on school holidays, including the fall, winter and spring breaks. callers can still leave a voicemail or send an email or request form at all hours.


athletics participation data
view sfusd's athletics participation data for 2022-23, 2021-22, or 2015-16 through 2019-20.










accessibility


non-discrimination policy


privacy policy


sitemap


website feedback






san francisco unified school district prohibits discrimination, harassment, intimidation, sexual harassment and bullying based on actual or perceived  race, color, ancestry, nationality,  national origin, immigration status, ethnic group identification, ethnicity, age, religion, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, reproductive health decision making, physical or mental disability, medical condition, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, veteran or military status, or genetic information, or association with a person or a group with one or more of these actual or perceived characteristics or any other basis protected by law or regulation, in its educational program(s) or employment. for questions or complaints, contact equity officer: keasara (kiki) williams or title ix coordinator eva kellogg at 415-355-7334 or equity@sfusd.edu. office of equity (ccr title 5 and title ix coordinator). address: 555 franklin street, 3rd floor, san francisco, ca, 94102. if you have concerns related to section 504, you should contact your school site principal and/or district section 504 coordinator, michele mcadams at mcadamsd@sfusd.edu. address: 1515 quintara st., san francisco, ca, 94116. © 2025 san francisco unified school district












facebook



twitter



linkedin





instagram



linkedin



youtube



wechat




carrot-left



carrot-down



arrow-right



close




menu





download



carrot-right



search



pinned






google



translate



calendar



phone



location



chevron-left



chevron-right




opens in new window





map



















