















tractordata.com - information on all makes and models of tractors

















home



tractors
lawn tractors
compare
articles/news
tractor shows
contact








tractordata.com
tractordata.com® is the internet's largest tractor resource with data on  17,788  farm, lawn, and industrial tractors. for 20 years tractordata.com has been providing tractor specifications to farmers, homeowners, and the machinery industry. tractordata.com is a family-owned small business in southern minnesota.



farm tractors
allis-chalmers
case ih
fiat
ford
international harvester
john deere
kubota
mahindra
massey ferguson
new holland
all farm tractors...


lawn & garden tractors
bolens
cub cadet
craftsman
ford
husqvarna
john deere
kubota
simplicity
toro
wheel horse
all lawn tractors...



tractor news
 
upgraded case ih farmall c tractorscase ih is introducing the latest iteration of the farmall c series tractor, building upon the legacy of the popular farmall tractor while elevating performance, comfort and power. on display at the 2025 world ag expo and national farm machinery show, attendees can see how the upsized farmall c tractor series is purposefully designed to meet the varied needs of farmers, ranchers and rural communities across the country.   

new holland upgrades powerstar seriesfor decades, new holland's powerstar series tractors have been synonymous with power, utility and comfort. the next generation is no exception, offering powerful utility along with sleek new styling outside, greater comfort inside and a wide array of productivity-enhancing features across all four powerstar models - the 90, 100, 110 and 120.

new holland updates t4f and t4v series tractorsnew holland announced the t4f, t4v and t4f s specialty tractors are receiving multiple updates for model year 2026. these updates offer owners and operators increased performance and comfort that strengthen new holland's industry-leading offering in the specialty tractor segment.

new holland extends power command transmission to t7.270 lwbnew holland agriculture has extended the power command full power shift transmission as an option for the t7.270 long wheelbase (lwb) tractor. built for row crop applications, this tractor offers customers indisputable reliability and power to tackle the heavy load and demands of fieldwork with ease.

25th anniversary credit river tractor showthe credit river antique tractor association (cratc) is holding their 25th anniversary tractor show at the cedar lake farm park in new prague, minnesota this weekend, july 19 to 21. the show offers free admission, a daily parade, demonstrations, and park activities for the entire family.





©2000-2025 - tractordata.com®. notice: every attempt is made to ensure the data listed
is accurate. however, differences between sources, incomplete listings,
errors, and data entry mistakes do occur. consult official
literature from the manufacturer before attempting any service or repair.




