






land and property auctioneers uk - clive emson







 




































homepropertiescurrent auctioncommerical lotsunsold lots - still availableauction catalogue downloadsebook cataloguebuyingguide to buying a property at auctionlegal documentationbuyers feessellinghow to sell a property by auctionguide to selling at auctionfree appraisaljoint agentsauction infoauction datesauction resultsabout usmeet the teamtestimonialsservice providerscomplaints handling procedurecareers and vacanciesprivacy policylatest newscontact uskent teamsussex teamhampshire teamwest country teamessex teamlondon teamlegal docs 




 sign in
create account











 0345 8500333











skip navigation






 lots still available 
there are unsold lots still available from our previous auctions, click below to find out further details.
 view unsold lots



 inviting entries
we’re looking for land, residential, commercial and investment properties for our march auction.

enquire now




 create an account
subscribe to our newsletter or create an account to access legal packs and book
property viewings.
 create account
















 




detached mixed use property with moorings at rearqueenborough - kent
sold£276,000
view lot details




 




detached cottage on two acre plot with dilapidated barn and hardstandingfaversham - kent
sold£550,000
view lot details




 




vacant ground floor one-bedroom flat in essex coastal townharwich - essex
sold£82,000
view lot details




 




one bedroom apartment for investmentst. leonards-on-sea - east sussex
sold£39,000
view lot details




 




freehold house with large gardenredruth - cornwall
sold£139,000
view lot details




 









welcome to clive emson auctioneers

a very warm welcome to clive emson auctioneers. we are an independent firm, run by auctioneers, and can offer unbiased property auction appraisals for everyone, including executors, power of attorneys, local authorities and statutory bodies, private and limited companies, receivers, and private individuals alike.

founded in october 1989, our ethos was to create an independent high profile auction facility for everyone wishing to sell/buy land and property of all shapes, sizes and values, while maintaining a commitment to quality and service.our first auction in december of the same year offered 42 lots, located mainly
    in kent, holding five auctions in 1990 and offering around 200 lots.
    
over the years we have expanded and now have five offices covering southern england,
    from kent, london, essex and norfolk to cornwall and isle of wight and well
    above the m4 corridor. today, we are one of the leading land and property auctioneers
    in the uk, offering more than 1000 lots from eight auctions each year, with
    a team of over 30 experienced employees with our commitment to quality, honesty
    and service remaining unchanged. 

buying or selling by auction may appear daunting at first glance but we hope
    the links below will help alleviate any worries or fears 
view our:

current land and property auction lots
guide to buying property and land at auction
guide to selling a property at auction
forthcoming auction dates
unsold auction properties
auction results
what our buyers and sellers say - testimonials
useful websites
local auction team detailsservice providers












buying at auction

latest properties
latest catalogue




selling your property

selling at auction
free property appraisal
joint agentsenquire now



information

contact our teamauction dates
auction results
latest newscareers & vacancies



follow us:  





phone: 0345 8500333email:   auctions@cliveemson.co.uk
 sign up to auction updates








our accreditations and associates






















© clive emson land & property auctioneers. all rights reserved.

registered office: rostrum house, rocky hill, london road, maidstone, kent, england. me16 8py.
registered company: 02399687, regional property services ltd.    auctions@cliveemson.co.uk  0345 8500333











home





 back to top

