









key largo resorts | official website | rock reef resort



























































rooms
photos
specials
our resort
groups & weddings
key largo
book now
 


select page


  
 
 











welcome to rock reef resort
the charm of key largo
















a true vintage resort
experience the florida keys charm and unique atmosphere of our 32-year family owned and operated resort in the famed key largo, florida. with nearly 4 acres of lush flora, walk-in beach access, amazing sunsets and all your favorite amenities, rock reef resort is a convenient base for gatherings, fishing, diving, and exploring the historic attractions of the florida keys and the everglades. in just a minutes’ walk, you will be at our local diners and shops. our exclusive boat ramp and docking facilities are suitable for boats up to and including 21 feet long.














waterfront propertyendless panoramic water views with frequent dolphin and manatee sightings.  enjoy exclusive access to our true walk-in beach, a rare find in the florida keys.









stay and playsurrounded with a variety of amenities such as kayaks and paddle boats, no need to leave the resort to find florida fun.









stunning sunsetslocated directly on the bay, indulge yourself with our famous florida keys sunsets.













key largo
hotel specials








florida residents rate



learn more






first responders rate



learn more






stay longer - save more



learn more













perfect vintage keys!“the room was very clean and had a fridge and microwave. small table there as well. the best part was beachfront so a very short walk past the pool was a beach. there were plenty of lounge chairs a small covered area with picnic tables. it was very relaxing. there were small cottages that are closer to the water but none are far. would stay here in a minute! oh forgot the night blooming cactus was amazing! the landscaping here is list and well cared for!”
– 1scrappyrn, tripadvisor








hidden gem in key largo!“this was my first time staying at rock reef resort and i already can’t wait to go back. beautiful property…. there is a bonsai garnden, hammocks scattered around to relax in and you are right on the water. we used the free kayaks on site and took a dip in the pool which was the perfect temp. i had brought my yoga mat and practiced and meditated on the dock (so peaceful). the room was cute and clean and exactly what we needed for our two night stay. everyone who works at rock reef was so nice and informative and made us feel at home. there is a conveniently located gas station in the median right across the street and you are close to many great restaurants.”
-alison m, tripadvisor








charming local atmosphere“my young son and i stayed for two nights at rock reef and it was just so pleasant. a beautiful property. the room was spotless and well appointed. the beds were comfortable. the staff was on point and so courteous. we enjoyed snorkeling and kayaking off of their beach. and the sunset from the dock was magnificent. it was a perfect base camp for a long weekend exploring the keys.”
-roscoe 2019, tripadvisor








a gem!“had a lovely stay here. quiet setting, friendly staff and guests. the owner was attentive to every detail. beautiful grounds. hammocks and swings for relaxing and enjoying the warmth of the sun or the moonlight. the pool was pristine. look forward to returning.”
-jeanniehoosier, tripadvisor








a perfect spot“we visited rock reef again in january. we found the same high standard of care as before. the room was spotlessly clean and very comfortable. linda and her staff make you feel right at home. the pool is inviting and watching the sunset from the dock is the best way to start your evening. when in the keys there is no need to look any farther than rock reef.“
-patricia a, tripadvisor


















the island life
discover key largo

explore more











photos

explore more





























photos



























explore more





 










rock reef resort

phone: (305) 852-2401 fax: (305) 852-5355 info@rockreefresort.com

97850 overseas hwy key largo, fl 33037

follow us:

followfollow



contact us

resort policies privacy policy web accessibility ada accessibilitysitemap

© 2021 rock reef resort. all rights reserved.



sign up for e-news & special offers




success!



name



email



privacy policy agreement


privacy policy agreement


i have read and agree to the privacy policy



receive news & offers from rock reef resort


receive news & offers from rock reef resort


yes, i would like to receive emails with exclusive specials and offers.






subscribe












 




 





























