

gmj harlequins: quality breeders of harlequin great danes























                  as an akc judge and 54 yr. breeder of harles; imo the only 
                  quality harlequins of consistent excellency will be produced 
                  by breeders who 
                  put conformation/soundness first... & color last.

                  my favorite place to spend the day....












54 years 
                        of consistent quality harlequin breeding
homebred champions and bloodline
harlequin and mantles
loving, laid-back temperaments
health and longevity
soundness
                          of body and mind
akc licensed judge

 
                          













 





gmj made harlequin history!
							  3 generations of best in show harlequin boys(grandfather, father, son). never before done. 
 							 we are beaming with pride!








 








home of: bis, biss ch gmj's the five card studd ...''poker'' 
                  gdca hall of fame - # 1 harlequin, # 2 great dane (2005,6) 

home of: multi bis biss hof grchg tandt's gmj's the inimitable ''doc" holliday

                   

                   












                   






                        oct 2002 - sept 16, 2009




                        aug. 2009, poker had an aggressive malignant tumor 
                        removed from his sinuses. in 3 short weeks, it ravaged 
                        his sinus cavity, to where he was choking and couldn't 
                        breathe.

                        sept 16, i put my perfectly healthy, strong, virile, 
                        wagging, kissing , mush face, love of my life...to 
                        sleep. he left me way before his time.

                        ''baby boy, you fulfilled my dreams beyond my wildest 
                        expectations. you gave your ''all" for me . thanks for 
                        the unconditional love, for the sounds you made that 
                        were just for me, for your massive slobbery kisses 
                        covering my face the first of daylight. 

                        i remember the times we spent traveling, dreaming, 
                        drifting, sharing, dozing, caressing side by side. you 
                        are my treasure deep within, a precious gift that will 
                        never fade. you left a huge hole in my heart. you were 
                        an ambassador of goodwill, loved anything & everything, 
                        2 & 4 legged. goodbye my sweet.''
                        mom...

                        "until you are loved by a dog, a part of your being 
                        remains unawakened"


my heartfelt thanks for the 
                        abundance of beautiful sentiments...and... still coming. i wish i could enclose here all the letters, 
                        emails ,2 tables full of flowers, gifts, memoirs, 2 
                        beautiful portraits, phone calls ......from all the 
                        thoughtful people that loved poker, i am so touched by 
                        all the heartfelt thoughts..... and all the people who 
                        contributed to the memorials on the gazette, daneworld 
                        and the gdca charitable trust. 

                        he was a kind, gentle ,devoted, soul, a true ambassador 
                        of goodwill in every way. i would give anything to turn 
                        the clock back a month just to give him one more 
                        embrace......
                        gina

                        i can't thank jp yousha enough for two magnificent 
                        portraits of poker. her talent shines brilliantly, as 
                        she captured his exact loving expression.











 

















                  "p o k e r ' s '' kids join the table.....and are already 
 winning all over the country (see ''up & coming'')





two roads diverged in a wood, and
            i took the one less traveled by...and that made all the
            difference...

 
                


take a walk with us...







 


 
 
 
and see gmj's road...





 


into harlequin history...









see "our veterans" page.......a tribute 
        to our 50 yrs of health & longevity


















 

what is a real 
            breeder

            a real breeder (with a capital b) is one who thirsts for... 
            knowledge and never really knows it all, one who wrestles
            with decisions of conscience, convenience and commitment. 

            a breeder is one who sacrifices personal interests, finances, time, 
            friendships, fancy furniture, and deep pile carpeting! she gives up 
            the dreams of a long, luxurious cruise in favor of turning that all 
            important show into this year's "vacation". 

            the breeder goes without sleep (but never without coffee!) in hours 
            spent planning a breeding or watching anxiously over the birth 
            process, and afterwards, over every little sneeze, wiggle or cry.
            

            the breeder skips dinner parties because that litter is due or the 
            babies have to be fed at eight. she disregards birth fluids and puts 
            mouth to mouth to save a gasping new-born, literally blowing life 
            into a tiny, helpless creature that may be the culmination of a 
            lifetime of dreams.

            a breeder's lap is a marvelous place where generations of proud and 
            noble champions once snoozed.

            a breeder's hands are strong and firm and often soiled, but ever so 
            gentle and sensitive to the thrusts of a puppy's wet nose.

            a breeder's back and knees are usually arthritic from stooping, 
            bending, and sitting in the birthing box, but are strong enough to 
            enable the breeder to show the next choice pup to a championship.

            a breeder's shoulders are stooped and often heaped with abuse from 
            competitors, but they're wide enough to support the weight of a 
            thousand defeats and
            frustrations.

            a breeder's arms are always able to wield a mop, support an armful 
            of puppies, or lend a helping hand to a newcomer.

            a breeder's ears are wondrous things, sometimes red (from being 
            talked about) or strangely shaped (from being pressed against a 
            phone receiver), often deaf to criticism, yet always fine-tuned to 
            the whimper of a sick puppy.

            a breeder's eyes are blurred from pedigree research and sometimes 
            blind to her own dog's faults, but they are ever so keen to the 
            competitions faults and are always searching for the perfect 
            specimen.

            a breeder's brain is foggy on faces, but it can recall pedigrees 
            faster than an ibm computer. it's so full of knowledge that 
            sometimes it blows a fuse, it catalogues thousands of good bonings, 
            fine ears and perfect heads...and buries in the soul the failures 
            and the ones that didn't turn out.

            the breeder's heart is often broken, but it beats strongly with hope 
            everlasting...and it's always in the
            right place!

            oh, yes, there are breeders, and then, there are real breeders!!





visits to gmj since jan 2003 total 
175,000+ 
(average visits per
        day: 40 !)

gmj harlequins/mantles 
reg. llc
gina m. jaeblon phone & fax: 419-261-0809
email located in ohio
copyright 2014 by gmj. all rights reserved. no graphics or pictures may be used without written permission of gmj






