





home - riverside county fire department



















riverside county fire
leadership • competence • integrity • safety • customer service




























                        incidents
                    

incident feed
incident update sheets
incident reports



about us


about us


organization


administration and operations


public affairs and community education bureau


volunteer reserves program


service area


history





                        our department
                    


fire stations

administrative support

law enforcement / records


office of the county fire marshal


hazard reduction


fire planning


operational support


training bureau






                        online services
                    

permits
online payment services
frequently asked questions
disaster preparation and safety
early warning notifications
oss (employees only)
public records request




                        affiliations & links
                    

affiliations & links
cal fire
county of riverside
service area
genasys protect
alert rivco 



















































                    incidents
view active/significant incidents





                    inspections/permits
fees & permits





                    contact us
have questions / need assistance





                    join us
start a rewarding career with us





                    volunteer reserves
provide assistance to your community





                    faq
frequently asked questions








            would you like to thank a firefighter or provide feedback about our service?
        







 riverside county fire incidents


live incidents feed

more incidents






 social media





  x/twitter


 facebook


 youtube







tweets by calfirerru






















incident statistics
statistics for the week of 1/13/2025 to 1/19/2025
606
fire
3,447
medical emergency
65
hazmats/fms
151
miscellaneous
2025 ytd total: 11913


search your evacuation zone
stay prepared and know your evacuation zone. use our 'search your zone' tool to find your address and identify your evacuation zone. visit rivcoready.org to sign up for evacuation alerts and stay informed.
learn more
 riverside county fire chief closes hazardous fire danger hiking areas
perris, ca – riverside county fire chief bill weiser received approval from the riverside county board of supervisors to immediately close six hazardous hiking areas throughout the region effective saturday, june 1st, 2024.
news release
 riverside county fire chief suspends open burning in riverside county
perris, ca –the substantial accumulation of dry grass and intensified heat and dry conditions in the area has led cal fire to suspend all outdoor residential burning permits within the county's state responsibility area. 
news release
hazard abatement complaints
to submit a hazard abatement complaint, please utilize our online form. alternatively, you have the option to download the form, complete it, and send it to us via us mail.
online formdownload form
request a defensible space inspection
on and after july 1, 2021 when you sell property that is located in a high or very high fire hazard severity zone, you'll need documentation of a compliant defensible space inspection.
read more
cooling centers
need a place to beat the heat? follow the link below to find a cooling center near you.
cool centers


fire resources






                            fire safety on, accidents gone!
                        

                            fire safety education programs are key in teaching youths at an early age the dangers of curiosity associated with fire and steps to avoid getting injured or starting a fire; whether accidental or intentional.
                        

watch now
learn more








firewise usa®
join the growing network of more than 1,500 recognized firewise usa® sites from across the nation taking action and ownership in preparing and protecting their homes against the threat of wildfire.


learn more








looking for a job?
are you looking to start a new career? below you will find two separate links that will direct you to job listings within riverside county and the state of california.

riverside county
california state














© 2021 - riverside county fire department



accessibility policy |
                    disclaimers |

                    contact us | 
                    feedback






























