






barrington group australia – best people. best practice. best choice.

















































 









 



 








b1/4 columbia court, norwest nsw 215302 9899 0600contact us 




 


 












 


home
about

about us
our team
our clients
community
contact us


services

aml / ctf
be trained
clubs consulting
corporate investigations
corporate risk
medilife
ravensthorpe estate
smartek
vetting
whs


blog
careers
 








best people. best practice.best choice.customised business solutionseverything we do is directed by the philosophy of "best people. best practice. best choice."
it’s a selection of words that describes not only the path taken as we’ve grown, but the direction we will continue to take to preserve our position as market leaders.
with over 34 years experience, our solutions are customised to meet the needs of your business.
customised training programsfull scale corporate investigationscorporate risk advisorypersonal security vettinghospitality and gaming consultingcompliance & site managementour servicesclubs consultingread morebe trainedread moresmartekread morecorporate riskread moreour historythe best choice since 1991we are committed to providing our clients and business partners with best practice advice and services, positioning barringtons as your best choice.
we are proud of our people, people who have delivered our vision for more than 34 years, ensuring that barringtons is not only the best choice but one of australia’s most trusted businesses.
barringtons was founded in 1991 by allen barry in his home office in north-west sydney. allen was a former detective sergeant in the nsw police force with a history of working across royal commissions and large-scale investigations.
at its employment peak, barringtons had over 400 staff. following the sale of one of the group’s businesses, our staff engagement moved to and has been maintained at a workforce of approximately 120 of the best people.
barringtons’ first client (circa 1991) was nrma insurance, providing investigation services. we are proud to say nrma insurance remain a client today, still receiving the same quality investigation services, the same services that have been shared with a broad section of corporate australia.
over the years, the business has taken many different paths leading to many exciting adventures, creating the history that is our dna today.
our journey now sees our presence in significant industries, business sectors and government, including:
aged careconstructioneducationfacilities managementfederal governmentfinancehealthhospitalitylocal governmentsciencethere are several key landmarks in our journey.  since the early 1990s, corporate risk has helped our clients to plan ahead and be prepared for any situation. even the most secure business can fall victim to unexpected events such as natural disasters, industrial espionage, or terrorism. our team has decades of experience working with clients of all shapes and sizes across a broad range of industries.
in 2001, we became a registered training organisation which is now known as be trained. catering for all levels from certificate ii to advanced diploma level, we have changed thousands of lives through education and provided opportunity. employees within the registered club industry have been the greatest beneficiaries of our education programs.
smartek joined the barringtons team in 2004, providing cloud based customisable compliance and governance solutions to a range of diverse industries. smartek has over 252,000 users australia wide, manages over 31,000 companies and 150,000 compliances daily.
barringtons personnel vetting was established in 2007. this business unit, thanks to the people it employs, is now one of the leading providers of vetting services across all security clearance levels in australia.  the business leaders work closely with the australian government security vetting agency (agsva) who trust our business to  assess employees, contractors and other personnel who may require access to protected or sensitive information held by federal government.
clubs consulting was rebranded in 2021. it brought together our portfolio of services, including risk management, business compliance, and operational services that we have delivered for over 30 years to the registered club industry, including 500 clubs across nsw alone.
in 2022, barrington group australia acquired ravensthorpe estate on the nsw south coast, continuing to service the south coast community with weddings and events.
medilife first aid kits was acquired in 2024, expanding our commitment to providing a comprehensive range of first aid supplies and services, including support plans and training programs.
the barringtons brand represents the best choice.  our focus is on your success.  our commitment is to provide professional, ethical, and efficient services across the industries and sectors that show trust in our brand.
learn moreravensthorpe estatebarrington group australia are proud to announce the purchase of ravensthorpe estate. renowned for its 19th century heritage beauty, ravensthorpe estate hosts celebrations including weddings, corporate functions, and live music servicing the stunning nsw south coast.

we are excited to see what the future of ravensthorpe has in store!
discover morediscover morebarringtons blogkeep up to datebe trainedcustomised training from certificate ii to advanced diploma levellearn morebest peopleour people are the reason we continue to be successful, and their efforts are the reason we keep growing. their commitment to providing professional, ethical and efficient service strengthens the barringtons brand across industries.best practicebecause we supply a diverse service offering across some of australia's biggest industries, barringtons are often benchmarked against much larger companies. despite this, we are used to setting the standard by which our competitors are judged.best choicewe want the barringtons brand to represent the best choice across a variety of services and industry specialisations. by building a reputation for providing quality services, we will continue to satisfy our clients. 



 02 9899 0600enquiries@barringtongroup.com.aub1/4 columbia ct, baulkham hills nsw 2153menuhome
about
services
careers
contact
connectstay connected!
 




copyright 2024 by barrington group australia 



privacy policy
terms of use
 


































