







the knock out® family of roses










































^backto top

































































            about
          

              the family
            

easy care




            inspiration
          

            where to buy
          

            faq's
          





back


            planting
          

            fertilizing
          

            pruning
          












































































aboutthe family
easy care

planting
fertilizing
pruning









roses for everyday. everyone. everywhere.




inspirationwhere to buyfaq's









scroll






  









 







 

which knock out® rose are you?are you timeless and classic like the original knock out®? or do you have a romantic side, just like the delicate petals of blushing knock out®? maybe you're a bold, vibrant spirit who loves the eye-catching hues of orange glow™ knock out®. whatever your style, we've got the perfect rose for you!take our fun quiz to discover your unique flower power and get inspired with fresh ideas to transform your garden into a colorful masterpiece.




    find your flower power
  

 



































































































 

easy to growthe knock out® roses are easy to grow and don't require special care. plant them individually among shrubs, annuals and perennials in mixed beds and borders. plant them in large groups to create a colorful hedge or along a foundation to provide a bright border. for best performance, we recommend cutting them back every year in early spring after the last threat of frost has passed.




    planting steps and care
  

 

where to buyour products are sold at independent garden centers, big box stores, grocers, and many online retailers throughout the u.s. and canada. find the closest store to you!




    find your local retailers
  


















  

have a question?




    see frequently asked questions
  

 





















the knock out® family of roses



home - collection



home - faqs








 

our brands












































about star® roses and plants  | contact us  | star track® | privacy policy | terms of use ©2022 star® roses and plants  | all rights reserved


































  

subscribe to the star® roses and plants newsletter and we’ll send you a weekly email full of tips and inspiration for your garden.















please select your zone
zone 3
zone 3
zone 4
zone 5
zone 6
zone 7
zone 8
zone 9
zone 10
zone 11






 






star® roses and plants
8 federal road, suite 6,
west grove, pa 19390,
united states
6108692426
marketing@starrosesandplants.com


hours
















