


black meetings & tourism - home










































magazine online    the authority on african-american conventions, incentives, & leisure travel












the online edition




	join our e-mail list now! 
	







 
 
 



purchase back issues

		click here to visit our 
		
leisure travel section
	



business travel



airline industry report

canadian connection

cruise news

current events

facilities update

food service beat

tools of the trade

greening of hospitality industry

hospitality heartline

in your own words

industry briefs

marketing tips

meeting planner packages

pacific asia watch




bm&t magazine online 
         



home


about bm&t


publisher's message


meetings & conventions


regional travel guides


subscriptions




bm&t media 

blog
events
past issues
videos

featured articles



telling the stories of a nation
if there were an extraordinarily compelling moment in time for african -americans to tell their own stories, more than ever, it is (b) now(eb) ! on ...





our community must unify to level the playing field in travel/tourism/hospitality industry
the recent riverfront brawl in montgomery, al refocused attention on the racial divide that has infected our nation for centuries. and while i want to ...





caribbean destinations leaving money on table by not pursuing the $129 billion + african-american market
when i am contemplating international travel, i more often than not think of caribbean destinations. why? because the region is close and convenient,  ...





are you behind the curve in your efforts to target the ethnic market
at a time when the industry is still rebuilding from the pandemic’s crushing impact on consumer demand, no destination or travel-related business can  ...





a view from the top
cvb heads annual report on state of the industry by solomon j. herbert as the travel and meetings market responds to world events and an ever-evolving ...





blacks in pr and advertising and their impact on how business is done in the hospitality/travel/meetings industry
the lack of racial diversity and inclusion in the hospitality/travel/meetings industry has resulted in only a handful of black-owned public relations  ...




latest videos 
   



visit dallas





nyc and co





visit phoenix 2



click here to view more videos 

latest gallery



chta marketplace in the bahamas

			bm&t attended the chta marketplace held  in the bahamas


click here to see more galleries.


latest blogs

diverse or adverse?


by r.s. basi


is your organization reaping the rewards of a diverse workforce or are your efforts to promote diversity impotent or, worse, counterproductive?

interactive digital magazine


november/december 2024






read




				share: facebook
twitter



 

regional travel guides


sponsored links






























advertisement




home

terms and conditions

leisure travel

privacy policy 

subscriptions

advertising

contact us
 


