





  


bentley\'s marine seating | boat tops and golf cart enclosures



































 





503-659-0238 | 800-515-1275

home
about
products

golf cart enclosures
marine seating

elite seating
single seating
folding single
single buckets
mariner seats
back to back
seating accessories


boat tops & covers
utility trailer cover


blog
color charts & cleaning info
contact

directions to bentley’s


picture gallery
search
boat tops & coverswhether you are a boater who needs a little shade from the sun or protection from the elements, bentley's has a top or cover to fit your needs. constructed with quality materials - we've got you covered! bentley’s is your source for all your marine products!read moremarine seatingcomfortable marine seating to complement any boat and marine application! featuring fine upholstery, heavy duty brackets and optional seating combinations, it’s easy to see why bentley’s is the premiere supplier of marine seating!read moregolf cart enclosuresperfect for the golfer that has to get out there in all weather conditions! featuring powder-coated steel frames and quality materials, bentley’s is the premiere supplier of high quality golf cart enclosures!read moredeadliest catch seatswatch this season of "the deadliest catch" and see our seats featured on the ramblin' rose and seabrooke vessels.read more2014-15 boat showscheck out our booth at one of the boat shows. talk with a knowledgable team member regarding features & options to meet your specific marine needs!read morecustom coversthink "outside the boat" and use bentley's for your outdoor sewing needs....custom patio furniture covers, custom seating cushions, curtains, or whatever your application may be!read morecomplete boat interiorsfrom simple to intricate in design, let us upholster your boat interior.  we can help you design a completely new look or give your existing upholstery an update. give bentley's a call today!read morebentley’s manufacturing serving the u.s. and canada




marine seating

our quality boat seats feature style, comfort and durability! choose from folding, single, back to back and our popular elite styles!
learn more


accessories
it’s never been easier to get quality pedestals, swivels, sliders and stands. we’ve got every accessory to meet your need.
learn more


boat tops & covers
customize your boat with one of our tops or covers…many custom options…design a top that is functional and matches your style
learn more


golf cart enclosures
we have hard door or soft door enclosure patterns for a variety of carts including ezgo, club car, & yamaha. your golf cart has never looked better.
learn more


welcome to bentley’s manufacturing, inc.
bentley’s serves the portland, oregon metro area as well as the entire united states and canada. bentley’s is a family owned and operated business located in milwaukie, oregon since 1967.
bentley’s is known in the industry for the highest quality marine seats for yachts, commercial fishing, sport fishing, recreational and ski boats. we have a wide selection of folding and stationary back seats. we also are the national distributor of the mariner seat which offers the comfort of a suspension base. we are able to reupholster existing seats as well as entire boat interiors.
top quality boat tops and covers!
bentley’s is also known for quality boat tops and covers. each top/cover is custom made in our shop to your specification and specifically fit to your boat. we specialize in bimini tops, tonneau & bow covers, straight drops, and more. you have the choice of 3 materials: marine grade vinyl, sunbrella, or top gun. our tops and covers allow you to enjoy the use of your boat in a variety of weather situations.
seats, tops, covers, enclosures and more!
bentley’s manufactures golf cart enclosures for a variety of carts including e-z-go, club car, yamaha, and others. we offer two styles of doors which include soft and hard doors. we offer marine grade vinyl and sunbrella for material choices. let bentley’s cover your golf cart with an enclosure that allows you to enjoy recreation regardless of the weather conditions.







 
additional specialties


 utility trailer covers
 custom boat tops
 custom mooring covers
 custom tonneau & bow covers
 bimini tops
 marine/boat seats – new
 marine/boat seats – repairs
 marine/boat seats – reupholstered
 custom marine/boat cushions
 storage bags
 computer covers
 variety of industrial sewing projects 







 bentley’s mfg, inc. 14020 se mcloughlin blvd milwaukie, or  				97267 503-659-0238 | 800-515-1275 moc/gfmsyeltneb//ofni




 

hours of operation
monday – friday – 8am – 5pm
saturday – closed
sunday – closed



 







our reputation and experience allow us to take on any projects that require special needs with technical innovation and superior craftsmanship!




single seating 
tribute
magnum rm
yachtsman
rivermaster
patriot
guide 
firstmate 
cascade
barracuda


folding single 
sportsman
highlaker ii
standard helm 
sport deluxe 
echo 
deluxe cushion 
folding bench seat


single bucket 
low back bucket


back-to-back 
stationary
sleeper


mariner seats 
mariner regular
mariner severe
mariner boot
mariner swivel


elite seating 
admiral
magnum lx
navigator
pacifica


seating accessories 
hd mech susp
swivel – non-lock
swivel – locking
mainstay pedestals
sec gen pedestals
chair slide
swivel footrest
4-legged stands




© 2012 site all rights reserved








