



	wholesale flowers, wholesale cut flowers, bulk flowers | lwflowers.com













cut flowersagapanthusalliumalstroemeriaanemonebouquetcalendulacallacalla - minicarnationcarnation - minidelphiniumfreesiagardeniageraniumsgerberahydrangeahypericumiriskangaroo pawlarkspurliatrislilly - la hybridlilly - orientalmumspomsranunculasrose - gardenrose - sprayrose - sweetheartrose 40 (16in)rose 50 (20in)rose 60 (24in)scabiosasnapdragonspider mumsstocksunflowersunflower - minitulipsveronicafillersasterastilbebells of irelandbranches / bloomingcampanulacornflowercrespediadianthusdusty millereryngiumgypheatherkalelavenderlimoniumstaticegreenscaliforniachristmasfloridazgreenstropicalbirds of paradisegingerheliconialeucadendronorchidproteatropical foliagegrowers & wholesalers136 ~ lwflowers - california 2dfo ~ discount flowers onlinelwf ~ lwflowers - florida 1


















                                            never miss our specials
                                            
                                            











                                            grower 
                                            






                                            florist 
                                            


























cut flowers
fillers
greens
tropicals
growers & wholesalers




home


home










 roses $0.68
 carns $0.39
 poms $3.38
 lillies $11.93










              
            *** click here to order ***


same growers as the major wholesalers.
            we provide the largest and most complete range of wholesale   retail cut flowers, tropicals, fillers, and greens you can get, from any online floral business or wholesaler shipped direct from the grower.
            
            our products come from many growers in many diverse countries. we have growers from all over the world. we offer anyone (public, florists, etc..) the chance to buy from the same growers as the major wholesalers.

cheap wholesale flowers. 
            a simple concept built strictly with putting our clients first in our mind. our mission from day one has been to make the pleasure of quality and freshness a cost effective every day event in your client's home or place of work.
        










custom pack and bouquets.
                        some of our growers can custom pack and some sell flower bouquets giving you access to almost any variety of floral products. our growers can ship them all over the country direct to your home or business for any event.
                        
fresher floral product with less cost.
                        buying grower direct, you will have fresher product with less cost. with the rising cost of inflation, florists will not be able to afford the usual wholesaler pricing and structure.
                        
cut flowers, tropicals, fillers, and greens.
                        we are the #1 for grower direct  fresh cut flowers and wedding flowers online.
                        
                        why buy from different floral wholesalers? you can get all your cut flowers from one place. our growers strive to provide the best service. our growers pride themselves on freshness and quality, and the widest range of fresh cut flowers, tropicals, fillers, and greens.
                        
increase sales and gain new customers.
                        buy flowers cheap saving about 40% over wholesalers on fresh cut flowers. then you can offer your patrons much more product for the same price while at the same time cutting costs and raising profits and gaining new customers.
                    


cut flowers for weddings.
                        our growers sell wholesale & retail wedding flowers to the public, making us the number one wedding flower contact.
                        
                        some of our growers offer premade flower bouquets and mixed boxes. for weddings, brides can buy bouquets flower online or pre-made bouquets. our growers have the largest range of roses and other wedding flowers.
                        
tropical flowers.
                        tropical flowers direct from the largest growers in hawaii offer you a huge range of bulk tropical flowers.
                        
                        hawaiian growers offer the best mixture of discount topical flowers worldwide. you can order your tropical's in bulk or custom packed boxes.
                        
bulk discount flowers grower direct.
                         buy from the same growers your wholesalers are. remove not one but sometimes up to three wholesalers who all take their few percent in mark up.
                        
                        when you purchase grower direct you save not only cash, but also fresh cut flowers will last up to ten times longer!
                    




many shipping options available.




                    our growers can use their own, or your current shipping methods, or we can help you find other shipping methods.
                    

                    we are verified shippers on alaska and horizon air. our growers use the best freight forwarders on both the east coast and the west coast. our growers strive to make certain of the proper delivery of your cut flowers, tropicals, fillers, and greens.
                    








lwflowers.com:

facebook

youtube

twitter

myspace

theflowerguy












customer serv
account
company info
tools
florist



home

contact

faq

warranty


login

subscribe

shipping



about us

media / events

advertising stats

seo rank

site map


how to video

picture library

flower care

search

admin


find a florist






add your shop for free








                        flowers from lwflowers.com









