  broadway rose theatre company | premier musical theatre       
tickets
buy tickets
season subscriptions
groups
gift certificates
ticket info

shows
2025 season of electrifying musicals
grease
waitress
anything goes
triangle
christmas in door county
youth theatre
the little mermaid
les misérables: school edition

events
about broadway rose events
2025 fundraiser gala – prom weekend
2025 trip to nyc

plan
general info
venues & directions
accessibility
dining & more
content advisories

education
2025 education
technical internships

support
ways to give
donor benefits
sponsorship
foundations & civic support
volunteer
join the guild

about
about broadway rose
contact
staff
board of directors
auditions
newsletter – winter 2025
past productions





donate

upcoming shows & events
prom weekend 2025 fundraising galamarch 15 & 16, 2025at the new stage theaterrelive the incredible memories or make new ones with new friends, then sit back, relax, and enjoy an unforgettable musical revue. offering two different gala experiences – a saturday evening event and a sunday daytime event. you decide which one you would like to attend!learn more.
get tickets
greaseapril 10 – may 18, 2025at the new stage theaterwednesday performances added!let’s rock ‘n’ roll with rydell high’s senior class! grease picks up the story of head “greaser” danny and girl-next-door sandy where their summer lovin’ left off: the start of a new school year. get ready to bop along to unforgettable tunes like “greased lightnin’” and “you’re the one that i want!”learn more.
get tickets
waitressjune 26 – july 20, 2025at the deb fennell auditoriumgrab a little slice of heaven with music and lyrics by tony® award-nominee, sara bareilles. this pop musical tells the story of jenna, a waitress and expert pie maker, stuck in a small town and a loveless marriage. when a baking contest offers her a chance at escape, jenna finds the courage to take a long-abandoned dream off the shelf.learn more.
get tickets
anything goesjuly 31 – august 17, 2025at the deb fennell auditoriumwith music and lyrics by cole porter, the voyage of the s.s. american between new york and england is filled with a madcap group of passengers, witty repartee, exceptional songs, and thrilling tap dancing. this musical will have you rooting for true love. it’s delightful, delicious, and de-lovely!learn more.
get tickets
spring classes & campsspring classes and spring kids camps are open for registration. sign up today!
more education
audition registration is openauditions are here! find out important dates and times, instructions, sign up forms, and more.
about auditions
shows for kids & teenssingle and group tickets and are now available for our 2025 youth shows! secure your seats today!
learn more
join our email listget the latest news, information, promotions, and more delivered right to your inbox!
subscribelet’s connect!call our box office503.620.5262
followfollowfollowfollowfollow us onsocial mediaget the latest news, information, promotions, and more in your favorite social media feeds!
follow us on facebook



broadwayrosetheatreprofessional, luminous musical theatre in the portland, oregon area.


happy trails to the cast, crew, musicians, and pro



we’ve got a collection of musical theatre valent


 


broadway rose’s prom gala weekend is a month awa
 


tonight’s performance on february 13 of “8-tra



we’re so excited to announce this electric cast 


 

load more






 follow on instagram


our venues
new stage12850 sw grant ave.tigard, or 97223
venue infonext at the new stage:greaseles misérables (teen summer production)trianglechristmas in door county
deb fennell auditorium9000 sw durham rd.tigard, or 97224
venue infonext at the deb fennell auditorium:waitressthe little mermaid (children’s summer production)anything goesbroadway rose theatre company12850 sw grant ave.tigard, or 97223mail:p.o. box 231004tigard, or 97281box office: 503.620.5262admin: 503.603.9862ticketsshowscontactemploymentauditionsadvertise
sign up for our e-newsletter
followfollowfollowfollow
learn more about our accessibility practices
broadway rose theatre company is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit arts organization.questionpro’s survey software plays a major role in helping us keep in touch with our alumni, volunteers, donors, employees, and other affiliates. surveying them has helped strengthen our relationships.© 2025 broadway rose theatre company
want the latest broadway rose news?get special offers, show and event updates, and more right in your inbox!
subscribe

want the latest broadway rose news?get special offers, show and event updates, and more right in your inbox!
subscribe

                   