 





 




dj services for the chicago suburbs | high impact djs




dj services for the chicago suburbs | high impact djs

























































↓ skip to main content






quick contact info 
708-352-5902
check dj availability
find us on facebook


chicago weddings
uplighting
parties

sweet 16
college djs


school dances

middle school
homecoming & turnabout
prom


music
client login
event payment
contact us
get a quote

high impact djs mobile site





			special event djs / uplighting		

			serving the chicago suburbs		
serving the suburbs since 1997, high impact djs features amazing dj talent, beautiful uplighting, and event production for chicago weddings, prom, homecoming, and private events. 
you set the date.
let us help you create the event.


					get a quote				










 

chicago weddings 
specializing in contemporary & classic weddings, we provide an integral piece to the wedding of your dreams.
learn more

event production 
few chicago dj services offer professional rigging and production-caliber equipment. our team can attach trussing, speakers, and lighting to gym ceilings to completely transform the space.
learn more

more info we'd like to help take the guess work out of hiring a professional dj.  we are competitively priced, prompt, and have been in business since 1997.
we're just an email or facebook message away for instant communications via our contact page.  we also welcome your call at 708-352-5902.
let us help take your event to the next level.





school dances 
middle school dance to high school homecoming, turn about, and prom.  we've got you covered!
middle school
high school

prom specialists 
we help make high school memories one prom at a time. our refined prom dj services are second to none in chicago. follow the link below to learn more!
learn more

connect with us 
like us on facebook for our latest news, exclusive promo codes, and interact with other impact fans!
connect





uplighting & decor 
turn your event into something extra-ordinary with our uplighting, spotlight, and monogram decor options.
learn more

let’s party! 
bring your party to life with our expansive music library, dynamic lighting, and polished dj services.  choose us for graduation, sweet 16, and birthday parties.
learn more



chicago dj blog posts


covid19 update












chicago uplighting
chicago wedding djs
chicago prom dj
homecoming dj & turnabout
middle school
college djs
sweet 16 dj
chicago parties
client login
contact us
 


 




			© 2025
				chicago djs | high impact djs			


↑


				responsive theme
			powered by 
				wordpress










