











adult dog training,puppy training,dog behavior modification





 

 

 ...helping you with your
      dog
      training.  ==> help us improve survey


        looking for someone? ...try our people search












home


live course catalog
dog class schedule
dog
          handler center
online dog training
free training
          course
dog school
          blog
canine arcade
          games
dog photo
          gallery
k9 media center
puppy friends center
pet store














quick answers to your dog training questions...

why does my dog eat
        feces!?
summer cleaning means that there are
        things being moved around and reorganized. it is easy for
        our dogs to get into the wrong items. pet poison prevention
        should always be on our minds. learn about the common items
        that can poison your dog in our pet poison prevention
        chart. this chart contains a list of common
        household items as well as plants that may be harmful to
        our dogs.
and while foxtails may not be
        toxic to your dog, they can seriously injury your dog.
        learn about how to prevent a fatal situation for your
        dog.
warm weather is right around the corner.
        what you don't know could hurt your dog. learn how to
        prepare for the heat with our "warm weather
        tips".
picking the right puppy for your
        situation is easy when you know how to do it. a simple
        puppy temperament
        test can give you the insight you need to find
        a dog that will best fit your families situation.
did you come home to find your personal
        items all chewed up? find out why canine chewing
        occurs and how you can prevent your property from being
        destroyed.
barking problems?
        learn how to get control of this common dog issue.
are you having housebreaking issues?
        learn about how to deal with this frustrating problem.
crate training can
        help with a variety of common house problems.
preventing dog bites
        toward children is every dog owners responsibility.
have you noticed that your dog aggression has
        been getting worse? your dog might be learning this
        behavior by accident.when all else fails it's time to start
        an anti-bite training dog behavior modification
        program.
you just planted your spring garden only
        to come home and find that your dog has done some
        remodeling your beautiful landscaping project. learn about
        why your dog is digging and how to
        prevent it from happening again.
dogs love raiding the trash can, we hate
        the mess. what can you do? or have you ever returned only
        to find your food missing from the table? stealing is a dog
        behavior that should not be ignored.
we all love the happy greeting we get
        from our dogs when we get home, except when their jumping soils our
        nice clothes or frightens our guests.
whenever your dog starts to regress from
        their training it's always a good idea to do an puppy
        training | dog training obedience review.
dog communication
        comes in many different ways.
what is your dog trying to tell you?
        dog to human
        communication can be a challenge unless you
        know what to look for.
take our dog personality quiz
        to learn about your dogs personality.
dog calming signals is one way your dog
        may be sending you a message.
our canine body language
        chart can give you a clue to what your dog is
        trying to communicate as well.

offsite related
      information
      if you buy this from me,  my dogs get treat money (not enough for a dog house).
dog training

 





puppy training, 
        adult dog training,
      dog behavior modification


this is your complete resource for your
      dogs training information. learn about puppy training, dog
      obedience training, dog behavior modification, dog care and
      canine problem solving, clicker training, dog agility
      training, grooming and dog care, canine communication and dog
      training and safety tips.
are you looking to work with a
      professional dog trainer in a live class
      environment?
      in an ongoing effort to provide you with the best information
      about our live dog training services, we've published our
      complete puppy training, dog
      training course catalog on-line. where are the group dog training classes
      located? and what is the group dog training class
      schedule.
we offer a complete range of dog
      training services ranging from behavior modification, puppy
      training through advanced dog obedience, agility and k-9 services as well
      as different levels of tracking and area search to train
      your detection or search and
      rescue dog.
these dog training classes are
      offered for everyone from children through adults.
      you can work in small group dog
      training classes or in private in-home lessons. you can
      find detailed information here: puppy training, dog training course
      catalog.
wouldn't it be nice if you can send your
      dog to dog training boarding
      school and pick him up responding to a higher level of
      obedience? yes, we offer a board and train program for all
      levels of obedience from basic
      dog obedience through advanced dog obedience.
our goal in puppy training is off-leash
      obedience without the use of food in our formal dog training
      program. at dogskool we're helping you with your
      dog training.
animal communication institute dogskool
      quick news:
in our effort to provide you with
      everything you need for training your dog, resolve
      your dog problem
      behaviors and understand
      dog training in the comfort of your own home we have
      expanded our on-line dog
      training resource.
our dog handler
      center section briefs you on the scientific principles
      surrounding dog training and dog learning. how your dog
      learns and stores this learned information in their brain is
      all covered in this in depth study of dog training
      theory.
here is an overview of our dog training
      guides
live course catalog
      this is the listing of all of our live dog training classes.
      they include our group dog training classes, our private
      in-home dog training classes and our board and train dog
      training programs.
live dog class
      schedule
      this is our live group dog training schedule of when our
      group classes meet and where they meet. in the san jose, ca
      area there are 5 locations offering group dog training from
      puppy training all the way up to advanced dog obedience. all
      group classes meet on saturdays and are on-going which means
      you can start as early as this week. see the faq's to see how
      this works.
dog handler
      center
      our dog handler center aka student center hosts our dog
      training theory manual and our free email dog training class
      lessons. here you can learn all the theory behind modern dog
      training. also how dogs learn and remember the information we
      are teaching them. very important information for the
      understanding of what we are doing to train our dogs.
on-line dog
      training
      this is your complete resource for your dog training program.
      you can learn all the skills and information needed to
      pick the right puppy for
      your family, raise your new
      puppy to become a happy member of your family, solve most any problem that
      your new dog or puppy might have and our ever growing list of
      obedience commands
      to teach your dog or puppy how to behave in our complex
      world. you can also learn about clicker training, dog agility training and get
      reviews of the best
      dog training books and dog training videos on nearly
      every dog activity.
these dog training sections gives
      you the solutions to nearly everything your need to raise a
      happy dog from puppy
      raising and puppy
      training to solving
      problems like dog biting,
      chewing, digging, jumping, stealing, barking, and housebreaking. we also have covered
      all your obedience
      commands including; heel,
      sit, down,
      stand, sit-stay, down-stay, stand-stay, come, finish,
      sit out of motion,
      down out of motion,
      stand out of motion,
      down on a recall,
      down out of play,
      right turn, right turn about, left turn, left
      turn about, turn
      against your dog, in place
      turns, send out, drop it, speak, quiet
      and more!
the free email dog
      training course
      this is your obedience dog training program presented in a
      well planned step by step 14 week dog training course. this
      course has been offered online since 1997 and has had 1000's
      of students from all over the world. we are pleased to offer
      this service to all of you, giving you a no cost structured
      dog training class.
dog
      school blog
      keeping you posted on the happenings in the world of
      dogskool.
canine
      arcade games
      you are online and may need a break. our arcade center
      provides some fun games to play, as well as the old standard
      games.
dog
      photo gallery
      show us your dog and we'll show you ours.
k9 media center
      press and news releases as well as brochures and information
      in a quick easy access format.
puppy friends
      center
      we share great sites we use and our friends that use our
      site.
pet store
      what dog training center would be complete without a pet
      store. here we offer the best products that you will need in
      the raising and training of your dog.
do you have any other questions on your dogs training or behavior modification?
contact us by either calling us at +1 (408) 733-2829 or send us a message using our handy contact form.
have we missed anything about your dogs behavior modification?
let us know and we will try to get it to you and post it to our growing dog training resource.
teaching people about dogs and puppies  is our passion
when you like what you do, you have a good job; but when everything you do is the focus of every waking moment and you love it, then you have a great job. 
so put us to the test, if you find anything difficult to understand, let us know so we can clarify it and make it easier for you and everyone else.
questions, comments or just an interesting story about your dog? write us, we want to know.






animal communication
      institute dog school ~ phone # +1(408)733-2829 ~ email:
training@dogskool.com
      
      ~~ ~ ~~
privacy * terms of
      service * customer
      service policy * contact us * sitemap



