






























welcome to lakewood ranch medical center





















skip navigation



 





find a doctor
health records online
physician portal



search


941-782-2100941-782-2100



loading
















menu









back







close






services featured services: telehealth 
breast health center 
cardiovascular services 
clinical laboratory services 
ear, nose and throat 
electroencephalography 
emergency services 
gastroenterology 
medical surgical services 
orthopedic and spine services 
physical therapy 
podiatry 
radiology 
respiratory services 
sleep center 
stroke and cerebrovascular center 
surgery 
surgical weight loss 
urology 
women's services 
wound care 


patients & visitors  patient services: health records online 
patient guide 
phone directory 
your hospital stay 
home health care 
the daisy award for extraordinary nurses 
obtaining your medical records 
no surprises act 
price guide 
patients are our top priority 

visitors: café at the ranch 
directions and map 
visitor information 
send note to patient 

finance, billing and insurance:  financial information 
health insurance marketplace 
online bill pay 


events events: event calendar 
childbirth and parenting classes 
support groups 

programs: senior advantage 
volunteer services 
lakewood ranch foundation 


about about us ceo welcome 
serving our community 
awards and accreditations 
ask the ceo 
news 
hospital leadership and board of governors 
new patient bed tower 
contact us 

health information blog 
care for all the hearts you love 
proper hand hygiene 

community resources emergency management 


careers 




find a doctor
health records online
physician portal
 



search form

search 






































          named a top teaching hospital for outstanding quality and safety lakewood ranch medical center 
find out why 


























	    	find a doctor	    












	    	pay your bill	    












	    	patient portal	    












	    	nurse residency program	    












recognized for excellence


see our awards
 











how can we help you?

search form

search 












  
   
er at fruitville
advanced technology to support a variety of medical conditions; short wait times.
read more


    
   
personalize your birth experience
our birth designer can help you create a custom birth plan that's as unique as you are.
learn more


    
   
breast cancer
the savi scout® system is a wire-free, advanced approach to breast cancer tumor removal.
learn more


 


previous next 








































building for our future – new patient bed tower

building for our future – new patient bed tower
our new patient bed tower is expected to open in december 2025. learn more and see images of our progress.
read 

lakewood ranch medical center foundation to open 2025 nursing scholarship applications on february 1

lakewood ranch medical center foundation to open 2025 nursing scholarship applications on february 1
the foundation provides scholarships to students in college nursing programs at the undergraduate and graduate level who are affiliated with lwrmc.
read 

lakewood ranch medical center earns 2024 leapfrog top hospital award for outstanding quality and safety

lakewood ranch medical center earns 2024 leapfrog top hospital award for outstanding quality and safety
the quality of patient care across many areas of hospital performance is considered in establishing the qualifications for the award.
read 




health news


at the  lakewood ranch medical center blog you'll find information you can use to improve your overall health and well-being, and stories about our amazing patients and healthcare heroes serving our community. 


do you need an ekg? 

do you need an ekg?  january 28, 2025 
	vivek v. kumar, do, general, nuclear and interventional cardiologist, helps explain why this important screening can significantly impact heart health management. read article 
 

is it the winter blues or something more?

is it the winter blues or something more? january 20, 2025 
	it’s that time of year for the winter blues and seasonal affective disorder. here are ways to recognize the differences and know when it’s time to seek help. read article 
 

this simple screening could save your heart

this simple screening could save your heart january 20, 2025 
	according to the centers for disease control and prevention, heart disease is the leading cause of death among u.s. adults. cardiac imaging can help keep your heart healthy – here’s how. read article 
 



all health news articles
 

 









 







careers


 







our awards


 







events



 
















lakewood ranch medical center8330 lakewood ranch boulevard, lakewood ranch, fl 34202941-782-2100941-782-2100 








contact us
about our hospital
careers
news



facebook
instagram
linkedin
youtube









	lakewood ranch medical center® is operated by a subsidiary of universal health services, inc. (uhs), a king of prussia, pa-based company, that is one of the nation's largest and most respected providers of hospital and healthcare services.

	the information on this website is provided as general health guidelines and may not be applicable to your particular health condition. your individual health status and any required medical treatments can only be properly addressed by a professional healthcare provider of your choice. remember: there is no adequate substitution for a personal consultation with your physician. neither lakewood ranch medical center, or any of their affiliates, nor any contributors shall have any liability for the content or any errors or omissions in the information provided by this website.            

	the information, content and artwork provided by this website is intended for non-commercial use by the reader. the reader is permitted to make one copy of the information displayed for his/her own non-commercial use. the making of additional copies is prohibited.





site map
privacy policy
terms of use
hipaa notice of privacy practices
physician disclaimer
nondiscrimination notice
language assistance
financial information
visitation policy
accessibility statement
price transparency
code of conduct
compliance hotline



© 2025 lakewood ranch medical center. all rights reserved.














