



































    an óige - irish youth hostels | best hostels to stay in
  


 

   

  
  













              

     home



  hostels



  membership


   become a member



  hiking group



  photographic group



  conservation group



  cycling group





  group bookings



  about us



  contact us






   

book now








    
 





       
 


 



whether you yearn to release your inner explorer, delve back in time and discover our island’s rich history or meander and wonder at it’s natural beauty, an óige is for you.
proud providers of safe, comfortable, budget friendly accommodation for the young and the young at heart.





    visit the garden of ireland
stay at glendalough international hostel
 come discover “the garden of ireland”

our glendalough hostel is one of our most popular hostels, for good reason. located on the fourth step along the wicklow way, our all en-suite accommodation is ideally situated to explore this stunning area.


the picture postcard setting, in a wooded valley, boasts spectacular views in every direction. the wide variety of activities accessible nearby make it the perfect base.


from fishing to rock climbing, hiking to pony trekking, you’ll find it all here. alternatively if you're looking for relaxation, culture, history or nature you’ll be spoiled for choice. from the famous monastic settlement, bird watching or lazy strolls through stunning landscapes, fear not, it's all on our doorstep.


a warm welcome awaits all who visit, along with safe, comfortable accommodation. there are a wide range of rooms to suit everyone’s needs. from family rooms to double and dorm rooms, each with private bathrooms, we cater for all. breakfast is available, but if you prefer, you can cook up a storm in our full self catering kitchen. there’s access to a dining room, sitting room, games room and gardens. feel free to relax and unwind or if you prefer, mingle with fellow curious travelers.



 



   



    book your stay at glendalough international hostel




     

book now




   



    explore the wicklow way
stay at knockree youth hostel

 come and explore the wicklow way.

we are delighted to announce that knoockree will be back in use as an an óige youth hostel from august 2024. bookings can now be made for august and beyond.

knockree hostel is an 18th century farmhouse located in glencree valley in county wicklow. surrounded by nature from the moment you arrive and with stunning views of maulin and the sugarloaf, a feast for the eyes awaits our visitors.


whether it's hiking, biking or leisurely walking you’re into, all are available on our doorstep, ideally located on the wicklow way. what could be better than having a welcoming cosy log fire and comfortable surroundings greet you after a day of exploration and adventure.


we are very much looking forward to welcoming visitors back to our knockree hostel.




 



   



    book your stay at knockree youth hostel




     

book now




   



   



   
 an óige is part of a world wide network of youth hostel organisations affiliated with hostelling international. hi offers over 3,300 hostels in more than 89 countries offering a vast array of accommodation to suit every type of journey. 


to find out more information on the hostels and locations available through hostelling international, 
click here.


follow us on social media
    

 

 

 

 




   
 one of the cheaper spots to stay along the wicklow way and still great quality. rooms are spacious, bed was comfy & the place is quiet at night which is nice for a hostel. right in the heart of glendalough and great access to nature walks etc. the staff are friendly and helpful and having access to a kitchen is great.
stan from dublin (may 2023)


 
 very popular hostel with trails within walking distance. well equipped kitchen. the garden is also nice to relax.
marie from frankfurt (may 2023)


 
 the staff are friendly. the kitchen is a big space which is very useful for cooking. there is chess and connect 4 and a pool table. this is why could be good if you are bored. the hostel is beside a hiking trail with plenty of different routes.
emma from miami (april 2023)


 
 the best thing about this hostel is its location. only a stone's throw away from the upper lake, it is easy to get around without having any need to drive somewhere. the facilities were good and what you would expect from a hostel, with clean shower and bathroom facility.
eve from dublin (april 2023)


 
 very helpful staff. great for the budget and the location was very central and near where i was hiking.
jonathan from offaly (december 2022)


 
 glendalough hostel is one of the best hostels i have stayed in. the staff were so helpful and friendly. the only bad thing was how cold it was in our room so best to pack an extra blanket or two. otherwise, it was perfect and had everything you could need.
lily-rose from dublin (november 2022)


 
 good hostel with everything you need. parking available. big main area to hang out. toilets/showers in dorm as well as in the reception area. breakfast for €8.
ali from munich (october 2022)


 
 spent a night here with 2 friends and was very accommodating for our stay, even with us coming back late from being outside. staff very friendly and easy-going and rooms in the best condition i've ever seen of a hostel. the only reason it would fall short of 5 stars was that the breakfast was poor despite costing €7 per person.
eoghan from dublin (july 2022)












       


  navigation

    home



  hostels



  group bookings



  become a member



  about us



  contact us






  contact us

the lodge, sevenchurches, glendalough, co. wicklow, ireland a98f576phone:

 

+353 (0) 404 45342email:

info@anoige.ie
  

book now


  hours

make a booking online 24/7for group bookings and other enquiries, please send us an email. we will respond during office hours
mon 
-fri: 9am -5pmregistered charity no.: 20018252cro no:
009072chy no:
chy 7877



     © 2025 
 ﻿ | all rights reserved | powered by cloudbeds



 terms & conditions 
/ 
privacy & cookies




















































































































  
  share by:















