



		wsar 1480 am & 95.9 fm	


























































  

 



















listen live  
  

 

















 


  

 














toggle navigation








home

personalities




			wayne rego		



			scott reiniche		



			pete braley		



			jeff leary		



			jamie tyrrell		



			alan zarek		



			chris carreiro		




about




			fcc link to wsar & whtb public files		



			history		



			contests		



			eeo		



			employment opportunities		



			terms of use		



		photo gallery	




		wsar night at mccoy stadium		



		bcbc live with rob carolyn		



		2010 southcoast health expo (photos by bobby silvi		



		wsar staff photos		







advertise


shows




			baycoast bank on education		



			christopher's hour		



			c u wednesdays		



			cruisin' with bill 		



			education spotlight		



			everything auto		



			the financial planning hour		



			forgotten 45's		



			free talk/sports		



			good news and positive news		



			great music with phil paleologos		



			gun talk		



			hurricane sports		



			jamie tyrrell show		



			jill on money		



			mike's auto body		



			power of life chiropractic		



			real estate today		



			sense or nonsense		



			the ray mitchell show		



			the real side with joe messina		



			the sixth floor		



			total life conditioning with dr. ross		



			view from the hill		



			wsar music hour		



			wsar weekend update		




on air schedule

wsar app

audio on demand




			the holy rosary with bishop edgar da cunha		



			c u wednesdays		



			dr. ross		



			education spotlight		



			financial planning hour with richard basset		



			good news and positive views		



			wsar weekend update		



			baycoast bank presents		



			in honor of thomas hudner		


























 



























					spindle city auto glass studio cam					











  

 











studio: 508-673-1480 | office: 508-678-9727
  

 















 

 










					wsar headlines					


















 

card skimmers found at local supermarket chain in 4 massachusetts cities


law enforcement agencies across massachusetts are investigating after credit card skimmers were found at trucchi’s supermarkets in abington, new bedford, taunton,  ... 



read more  














 

study: ma is the most educated state


a new study indicates massachusetts is the most educated state in the country. 

 

the report from the financial website wallethub-dot-com considered several factors ... 



read more  














 

fall river woman admits to embezzling $87k in social security benefits


a fall river woman pleaded guilty in federal court wednesday to stealing thousands of dollars in social security benefits intended for her child.

 

nancy taylor, 45,  ... 



read more  















 

$220m for washington bridge still in limbo, new court docs show


rhode island officials still don’t know if the federal government will disburse hundreds of millions for the broken washington bridge, according to a new complaint filed in  ... 



read more  














 

record holder: fall river student athlete reaches milestone for stang girls hockey


kacey curran, not only made history during the fall season, she's doing again in the winter.

 

the durfee senior student athlete recently eclipse the  ... 



read more  














 

college scholarships: fall river foundation has over $50,000 to give local students


high school and college students who live in or attend school in fall river can apply for scholarships from the fall river scholarship foundation, which has over $50,000  ... 



read more  















 

swansea is upgrading residents' water meters for free: how it works and what to expect


all water meters in town will soon be getting replaced due to a new program implemented by the swansea water district that seeks to upgrade the water metering system and  ... 



read more  














 

joann moves to close 500 of its stores across the us amid bankruptcy


struggling fabric and crafts seller joann plans to close about 500 of its stores across the u.s. — or more than half of its current nationwide footprint.

  ... 



read more  














 

mbta: unique 'shuttle service' coming to fall river and new bedford


though the mbta has not yet released a timetable for commuters ready to ride south coast rail, on monday the t unveiled a feature they said would make commute times flexible,  ... 



read more  















 

fall river man in deadly construction site accident on martha's vineyard


a 32-year-old fall river man is dead after falling from a ladder yesterday morning at a construction site in edgartown on martha's vineyard. 

 

the cape and  ... 



read more  














 

flu rate spiking in ma


flu cases are surging in massachusetts. 

 

health officials note only about 38-percent of the state's residents have been vaccinated this year.

 

the ... 



read more  














 

man accused of exposing self at fall river mcdonald's


police have arrested a man accused of exposing himself at a fall river fast-food restaurant monday.

 

officers were called to the mcdonald’s on president avenue to ... 



read more  






 
  

 












 

 















					facebook					








 


kplm 106.1

  

 

































































public file assistance:
persons with disabilities who need assistance with issues relating to the content of this station's fcc public inspection file should contact sue nedar at 508-678-9727, or susan@wsar.com.  questions or concerns relating to the accessibility of the fcc's online public file system should be directed to the fcc at 888-225-5322, 888-835-5322 (tty) or fccinfo@fcc.gov 
 
  

 










home  |  wsar public file  |  whtb public file  |  eeo  |  employment opportunities  |  advertising info  |  contests instructions  |  contact us
  

 








©
			2025			wsar-am,
			sne broadcasting		



built on envisionwise technology. administrator login
































