







home | hartford









































our websites may use cookies to personalize and enhance your experience. by continuing without changing your cookie settings, you agree to this collection. for more information, please see our university websites privacy notice.

skip to content




uconn
hartford





search hartford hartford







a to z index






menu



close mobile nav menu





a-z index


search

about

about uconn hartford
campus directory
our facilities
our research
visit campus
directions and parking
transportation
contact us


admissions

prospective students
admitted students
tuition & aid


academics

undergraduate programs
graduate & professional programs
academic resources & student services


university life

events
advocacy and engagement
campus safety
student involvement
student resources
faculty and staff resources


 






aboutabout uconn hartfordcampus directoryour facilitiesour researchvisit campusdirections and parkingtransportationcontact usadmissionsprospective studentsadmitted studentstuition & aidacademicsundergraduate programsgraduate & professional programsacademic resources & student servicesuniversity lifeeventsadvocacy and engagementcampus safetystudent involvementstudent resourcesfaculty and staff resources 






















































welcome to uconn hartford






uconn hartford interweaves top-tier academic programs with unique educational and service opportunities offered by connecticut’s capital city. our campus is integrated with the hartford public library, and the surrounding neighborhood includes the wadsworth atheneum, connecticut science center, connecticut convention center, connecticut's old state house, and hartford city hall. home to a number of unique undergraduate, graduate, and professional programs, uconn hartford leverages its metropolitan setting to provide a remarkable learning environment for a diverse student population.














 










































total students






3,600+


















diverse & inclusive






54% of students are ethnic and racial minorities


















metropolitan






campus setting


















unique






experiential learning opportunities



























university news




















02/17/25
uconn researchers tracking change in precious ecosystems


remote sensing is a powerful tool and can be used as a time machine to track biodiversity loss









02/12/25
uconn waterbury poised for expansion with new building’s imminent opening


‘with the new facilities, we are strengthening our role as an educational and economic driver in the naugatuck valley’ 


category: uconn-edu-homepagecolumns: 4pictures: truenumber-of-posts: 2show-excerpt: falseshow-date: falsesafe-fetch: 1
















  featured video 










more news













































upcoming events






there is always something to do, see, and learn on campus.














                      19                    

                      feb                    

                      12:00 pm                    




                    critical teaching behaviors book club - hartford                  





  we invite you to participate in the critical teaching behaviors book club: defining, documenting, and discussing good teaching!
 









                      20                    

                      feb                    

                      6:00 am                    




                    parking update: flower & garden show: alternate garage!                  





  ct convention center uconn student permit-holders, the annual flower and garden show will be held in the conference center from thursday, february 20th to sunday, february 23rd.
 









                      21                    

                      feb                    

                      all day                    




                    parking update: flower & garden show: alternate garage!                  





  ct convention center uconn student permit-holders, the annual flower and garden show will be held in the conference center from thursday, february 20th to sunday, february 23rd.
 









                      22                    

                      feb                    

                      all day                    




                    parking update: flower & garden show: alternate garage!                  





  ct convention center uconn student permit-holders, the annual flower and garden show will be held in the conference center from thursday, february 20th to sunday, february 23rd.
 














view hartford events











view all uconn events













 








tiktok
facebook
twitter
youtube
instagram
linkedin





discover hartford
about
admissions
visit campus
academics
university life
 

quick links
events
campus directory
directions and parking
contact us
 

resources
academic resources & student services
student resources
faculty and staff resources
 





 

 

 university of connecticut
uconn hartford
10 prospect street
hartford, connecticut 06103
1 (959) 200-3500

 





uconn home


disclaimers, privacy, & copyright


accessibility


© 2025 university of connecticut





 










