


joe contarino - contry homes - rockford home builder


































phone: 8153998100
fax: 815-231-8094
email: click here
address: 6551 e riverside blvd ste 111, rockford, illinois 61114






view navigation 






website menu 




home

about us 

send us your testimonial
history/mission
about joe
testimonials



resource center 

morgtage calculator
financing
sell your home
tips for building



contact us 

employment opportunities
selling land
contact us


virtual tours

our communities 

condos
view all communities



rentals 

rental homes
rental apartments





see what's available
click the links below to see more



what's available 




homes for sale
condos
mls search



floorplan library
click the links below to see more



floorplan library 




floorplan library
floorplan search




click here
to join the contry club











over the years, contry homes llc in illinois has been established as a leading builder and developer of new home communities in the northern illinois and chicagoland area. directly attributed to this growth is our commitment to quality control, customer service, and providing the exceptional value that home buyers are looking for. because we realize that a new home is the single largest investment most families will ever make, our "total package" of outstanding value, quality and service makes a contry home llc a wise investment. we welcome the comparison challenge.

to learn more about contry homes llc, your neighborhood builder, and the wide range of floorplans and neighborhood locations we offer, use the links provided throughout this site.

for more information, give us a call at 815.399.8100 or use the contact form found within this site.



our homes
our communities
resource center
about contry homes llc


by volume building and purchasing, we are able to pass on the savings to the customer. that is why contry homes can continually offer a quality built home at the most affordable price. this "total package" of outstanding value, quality and service makes a contry home a wise investment. we welcome the comparison challenge.

contry has a wide selection of popular floor plans to choose from or we can design and moderately custom build your new home to suit your budget and lifestyle. members of our new construction team who are knowledgeable in the communities and home features will be on hand to assist.
click here to learn more









copyright © 2025 contry homes group - all rights reserved.
information contained within this site is subject to change without notice.

boone county home builder
northern illinois home builder
rockford home builder
sitemap
privacy policy


a rockford website design creation

			















