







misting systems | patio misters | fog effects | outdoor misting systems |koolfog























































koolfog.commisting systemscompany
news
faq
technical support
become a dealer
shop
contact us  760-321-9203


applications

temperature control
animal cooling

dairy farms
equestrian centers
animal shelters
zoos


people cooling

restaurants
resorts
retail centers
schools & daycare
theme parks
water parks
events


plant cooling

greenhouse ornamental & ag
cannabis


humidification
delivery
nutrient delivery
disinfection
particulate control
dust control
air scrubbing


industries

agriculture
greenhouse

greenhouse foggers for humidification
greenhouse foggers for temperature control
greenhouse foggers for plant health


cannabis

cannabis cultivation: understanding vpd
cannabis humidification
cannabis heat stress
cannabis odor control
grow room sanitation
cannabis pest management


dairy
animals
equestrian
animals shelters
zoos
people
restaurants
resorts
retail centers
schools & daycare
theme parks
water parks
events
residential


products

pumps

the mojave
the sahara
the sahara 16
the oasis
the atacama vfd
the atacama standard
chemical compatible


fog

fog line
fog nozzles


misting

misting line
misting nozzles
misting poles
misting fans




architects & engineers

fog systems
designing a fog system
resources
schedule lunch & learn
contact us


gallery
fog special effects

art installations
fog in fountains
fogscapes
theming
steam and smoke
fire and vapor
fog and lighting
nature
water play features
interactive elements


misting systems
fogging systems













































 






latest news




koolfog’s high-pressure misting systems
enhancing outdoor environments for more than 30 years
perfect for both business and homeowners,  misting systems help to provide superior outdoor comfort and instantly enhance any surrounding environment. the key to installing an effective misting system is the type of system you choose and the design expertise of your misting supplier.
high-pressure misting systems systems from koolfog are engineered with your business or home in mind. all our products, from our extensive line of fog pumps to the misting nozzles and misting line are all customizable to fit your cooling needs.
how does a misting system work?
using a high-pressure pump, and stainless steel misting lines installed with specialty nozzles, a misting system works to atomize water that is pushed throughout the line to create ultra small droplets that fill the air. these droplets instantly interact with their surrounding environments to absorb heat and cool the air as the water evaporates.
this streamline process takes effect within moments of activation, and can be designed to cool the surrounding area efficiently to a very large scale. in a more industrial setting, misting systems can also help to minimize dust and pests or control the level of humidity in an enclosed environment.
choosing the right misting system
don’t make the mistake of thinking that every misting system is the same. misting systems are affected by every single part of the overall design of the system. this includes a design appropriate to each target environment, which includes the misting pump, water treatment controls and the distribution line and nozzles. these key areas, thoughtfully combined work to bring you to your end goal and leaves you with a system that does the job that’s right for you.
when you’re starting to design your misting system, it’s important to keep in mind how each one of these individual section affects the other. however, also remember that one of the most important components in this process is the selected misting pump used to fuel the atomizing process. when considering which high-pressure misting system pump is right for you the size of the area, the desired type of mist effect and the time in use are all factors that should be considered before selecting your system.
here at koolfog, we specialize in designing and manufacturing misting systems that are customized to your specific environment. with more than 30 years of experience in high-pressure misting systems, koolfog guarantees to provide you with a system that is both effective and consistent.
contact a misting systems expert
the best way to ensure that you’re maximizing the return on your investment in a misting system is to work with an expert. using a misting systems expert in the early stages of designing can save you both time and money in the long run.
so before you start designing, give us a call. we’re equipped with the best industry resources, technical documentation and digital assets available to the misting system market and are here to answer all of your questions. we work with everyone from architects, engineers and specialty designers to homeowners to bring any misting systems needs to life in the most effective way possible. contact us today to get started.


 shop our misting system store


 
			accessories (11) 


 
			koolfog misting systems (68) 


 
			maintenance items (18) 


 
			nozzles (16) 






 


koolfog headquarters
31145 plantation drive
 thousand palms,  california   92276 | 
        760-321-9203

patio misters | restaurant misting systems | hotel misting | retail misting  | theme park misting | misting fans | misting systems for schools | animal cooling | greenhouse misting systems | misting for dust control | wood product misting | misting systems | misting pumps | shop
visit our other koolfog websites: coachellavalleymisting.com, sacramentomisting.com, sensorycots.com and sensoryco4d.com

copyright koolfog - privacy policy - proposition 65  design by leap online marketing










