






 
focus search, llc – accounting, finance and data analytics
































































skip to content



focus search, llc
accounting, finance and data analytics

hire talent explore opportunities current jobs contact us  









info@focus-search.com




hire talent explore opportunities current jobs contact us 










direct hire and contract recruitment specializing in the fields of
accounting | finance | technology
hire talentexplore opportunitiescurrent jobsfocus
n. fo·cus ˈfōkəs/
the center of interest or activity.need to make a hire?companies like yours drive innovation and improve lives. you deliver a product or a service that people rely on. you are an integral, contributing member of your community. you need the right people - with the right blend of technical competence and cultural fit - to achieve your goals.save time and money through our honest and straightforward approach. we want to understand who you are, what your company is about, and what you are trying to achieve, so that we can represent you to passively seeking candidates and bring you the best talent available in the market.


accounting





finance





technology



	notice: javascript is required for this content.







this is a confidential message.


what we value:01.listeningwhat you say matters. it’s how we help you find what you’re looking for.02.honestywe will always tell you the truth; our relationship is worth more to us than a deal.03.full discretionconfidentiality and privacy are paramount to our relationship.04.doing the right thingwe conduct ourselves ethically, with your best interest at heart.open to new opportunities?





it starts with a conversation.


what are you looking for? what is your expertise? what are your aspirations? why are you considering a job change?


then, it's us working together to pursue that right next step for you.


along the way, count on us to provide helpful guidance – local company insights, industry, salary and hiring trends, interview prep, and resume revamps.
contact us directly, or take a look at the jobs we currently recruiting for.


view jobscontact us




our team





andrew taylorprincipalhi, my name is andrew taylor, principal and founder of focus search llc.you can usually find me outside enjoying nature with my wife and kids or cooking up a storm in the kitchen. “cooking” means me chopping vegetables and being the official taste tester. when i have a bit of free time, i love to play the piano or read a good book.
my passion is people and business. i’m at the intersection of the economy and the people that move it forward every day. it’s inspiring to be a part of many storied organizations that are so integral to our communities – whether a 5th generation lumber products manufacturer, a start-up software provider, or a local non-profit.
i love bringing together clients and candidates. let’s get connected!



email: andrew.taylor@focus-search.com    











kristin mcbrideexecutive coordinatorhi, my name is kristin mcbride, executive coordinator at focus search.i was born and raised in oregon and currently live in the beautiful santiam canyon. helping people connect with new opportunities, answering their questions and helping facilitate the entire process is what really drives me. my hope is that i can provide personalized attention to each client and candidate and that they always feel like we took care of them.
i bring over 30 years of experience to focus search and helping organize your needs. i have a wealth of knowledge throughout my career spanning many industries including architecture, aviation, health care and construction.  i enjoy the hustle and the challenge of meeting both our clients’ requirements and our candidate’s needs. i enjoy meeting new people and learning more about all the industries that focus search has introduced to me.



email: kristin.mcbride@focus-search.com    











wade birdtechnology recruiting managerhi, my name is wade bird, technology recruiting manager at focus search.i’ve been in the pacific northwest my entire life. my favorite things to do are taking my family out to sporting events or camping. traveling is the best education and my family and i strive to travel as much as we possibly can. i can’t wait to see what the future holds! 
i’ve been in technology recruiting for over a decade and i always enjoy building quality relationships with candidates and clients. getting an offer for a candidate at a great client never gets old and is life changing in many ways for everyone involved. that is why i love what i do!
if you’re ever looking for a new opportunity or if you’re just want to go over the current market, please feel free to reach out. i’m here to help! 



email: wade.bird@focus-search.com    





let's get connected!


focus search





visit our linkedin





info@focus-search.com

















					© focus search 2017-2023. all rights reserved.
                

info@focus-search.com








go to top














































































