experience all-inclusive ultra-luxury cruises | silverseaskip to main contentlet our cruise experts assist you. extra savingsrequest a quotebrochuresstoreblogmy silverseaengespañolportuguêsdeutschfrançaisfind a cruiseour cruisescruise typeocean cruisesfor those who delight in discovery and seek truly immersive travel 
expedition cruiseswitness the most far-flung, thrilling, and extraordinary places on the planet.signature cruisesworld cruisesan adventure curated by experts. experience the world’s most remarkable sights.grand voyagesexperience the very best of one region. don’t just go there, get to know there.special combination cruisesthe best of both worlds. two incredible voyages. one unforgettable experience.enriched voyages our voyages not only take you to the four corners of the globe but keep you entertained as you get there.venetian society reunionsmeet up with like-minded travellers for unique events and receptions and a few surprises along the way.

new voyage collection2026/27 new expedition voyagesexplore our thrilling expedition voyages with our new 2026/27 collection2026/27 new ocean voyagesdiscover all the sailings of our new 2026/27 voyage collection2026 new ocean voyagestake a deeper look at the world with our new ocean voyages 2026trending nownew voyage collection - expedition 2026/27our cruises our cruises destinationsafrica & indian ocean11 ocean cruises6 expedition cruisesalaska 73 ocean cruisesantarctica87 expedition cruisesarctic & greenland30 expedition cruisesasia55 ocean cruisesaustralia & new zealand46 ocean cruisescanada & new england10 ocean cruisescaribbean & central america88 ocean cruisesfrench polynesia & pacific48 ocean cruises11 expedition cruisesgalápagos islands109 expedition cruiseskimberley16 expedition cruisesmediterranean224 ocean cruises1 expedition cruisenorthern europe & the british isles 71 ocean cruises24 expedition cruisessouth america18 ocean cruises1 expedition cruisetransoceanic30 ocean cruises3 expedition cruisesdestinations destinations the silversea experiencepre & post cruisehotels & transfersenjoy more time exploring the world’s most fascinating cities with silversea’s optional pre- and post- hotel programmes.land programmesyour thrilling voyage on the high seas blended with an exciting land adventure.private executive transfersour private chauffeur takes you to and from the airport in style and comfort.during cruisepersonalised serviceyour every need anticipated with white glove service including your own butler.onboard areasfrom an ocean view suite to high-end restaurants and bars, the choice is yours.onboard activitiessavour our exemplary spa and fitness services plus iconic s.a.l.t experiences.s.a.l.t.experience s.a.l.t's immersive concept with silversea! set sail on an all-inclusive luxury cruise and discover authentic beauty of the world!ashoreour array of authentic local experiences ashore ensures truly immersive travel.prepare for your journeytravel requirementseverything you need to know about preparing and packing for your voyage.general informationwhether your first silversea cruise or your tenth, you will naturally have questions about various cruise policy regulations.faqyour questions answered in one place. ensure your voyage is truly wonderful.what to packfind out what to pack using our onboard attire guide and expeditions packing list with tips curated by our expedition experts.the silversea experience the silversea experience our shipsocean shipssilver dawn596 guests411 crewsilver moon596 guests411 crewsilver muse596 guests411 crewsilver nova728 guests544 crewsilver ray728 guests544 crewsilver shadow392 guests302 crewsilver spirit608 guests411 crewsilver whisper392 guests302 crewexpedition shipssilver cloud 254 guests212 crewsilver endeavour220 guests207 crewsilver origin100 guests90 crewsilver wind274 guests239 crewonboardluxury oceanview suitesspacious suites with butler service and a choice of lavish amenities ensure personalised comfort and absolute indulgence.fine diningfrom fine dining to informal venues to delicious in-suite service, silversea’s gastronomic options have never been rivalled.public areasthere’s a tremendous variety of public spaces on board, from relaxed bars to elegant restaurants, always offering you the luxury of choice.our ships our ships fares & offersall-inclusive faresdoor-to-doorlet us take care of you during your journey from the moment you leave home.port-to-portmake your own travel plans and we’ll warmly welcome you as you step onboard. essentialfancy a last-minute cruise? travel on these time-limited selected voyages.exclusive offersthe venetian societyvenetian societyjoin silversea’s rewards and recognition programme and enjoy exclusive access, booking benefits and onboard privileges.fares & offers fares & offers why silverseaextra savingsnew 2026/27 expedition voyagesfrom the arctic to antarctic, galápagos, kimberley and northern europe, no other expedition gets you closer to the remote and remarkable.discover more1 of 2new 2026/27 ocean voyagesfrom asia to australia and new zealand, and from south america to the south pacific, explore the wonder of our world with silversea.discover more2 of 2your summer escapemediterranean short voyagesexploreyour summer dreamcaribbean short voyagesexplorefollow the northern lightnorthern europe voyages in 2025explorewild nature escapenew alaska voyages in 2025exploreexplore travel experiences like no other. 
discover your next silversea voyage and prepare to step into another world.over 900 destinationswith over 900 destinations on all seven continents, you’ll explore iconic cities and hidden gems.intimate luxury shipsour ships are simply the beginning. the perfect vessel for the perfect experience. our intimate ships access remote ports. all-inclusive experienceluxury is more than an idea, it’s a feeling. all our ships are all-inclusive and feature 24-hour butler service to every suite. worldwide destinationsto truly immerse yourself in your destination requires a brand-new experience. our tailored itineraries allow you to go deeper.view all destinations1 of 5arctic & greenland30 cruisesthis region at the top of the world is where raw tundra and remote, beautiful landscapes take on a new meaning. have your binoculars at the ready! discover moreget inspiredeach year we create new itineraries for voyages that are always ready to surprise and delight. wherever you want to go, you can get there with silversea.view all cruisessignature cruisessee the world the way it was meant to be sailed. ignite your passion to explore the world and discover exciting destinations.world cruisesa world cruise changes your life. a silversea world cruise changes your life many times over. a unique opportunity. discover moregrand voyageswe believe that in order to understand a region, you need to spend time in it. our grand voyages are perfect for those who want to discover in depth.discover morethree unique fare optionscatering to individual travel preferences, we are pleased to offer our guests the luxury of choice when selecting the perfect fare.discover our faresview all exclusive offers top choicedoor-to-door peace of mind - all inclusivefor a relaxing, seamless journey from the moment you depart home, this fare includes airfare, transfers, and shore excursions.
door-to-door  detailspre cruise benefitsall onboard luxury inclusionsshore excursionspost cruise benefitsport-to-portflexibility - all inclusivefor those who prefer to manage their own airfare and transfers, but still want included shore excursions, this fare is for you.port-to-port detailspre cruise benefitsall onboard luxury inclusionsshore excursionspost cruise benefitsessentialmost affordable - voyage onlyfor those able to travel on limited-time selected voyages, this fare features shipboard inclusions only; shore excursions are not included.essential detailspre cruise benefitsall onboard luxury inclusionsshore excursionspost cruise benefitssilversea exclusive offersour exclusive offer make your all-inclusive luxury cruise even better. learn more below.  discover more  discover more  discover more  discover more1 of 4take a look at the world that awaits youembark on an incredible voyage in summer 2026intimate luxury shipsour ships range in size from 51 to 364 suites to ensure each of our guests finds the perfect balance between choice and intimacy.view all shipsexpedition shipsilver cloudwith 20-brand new zodiacs, four superlative restaurants in antarctica and a pole-to-pole expedition itinerary, silver cloud really does break the ice between expedition and luxury. discover moresilver dawnour tenth ultra-luxury ship joined our fleet in april 2022, sailing a worldwide itinerary that promises authentic, immersive experiences.discover moreexpedition shipsilver endeavourwe’re proud to announce that our newest addition has joined the fleet. silver endeavour revolutionises our expedition voyages, and allows us to travel deeper to some of the planet’s farthest flung coasts. discover moresilver moonbuilt by cruise lovers, for cruise lovers, silver moon will be the epitome of 21st century luxury travel. discover moresilver musesilver muse is without question an inspirational work of art. the best place between sea and sky, 8 dining venues, spacious outdoor areas and up-to-the-minute technology makes her simply divine. discover moresilver novaintroducing silver nova – the eleventh ship to join our fleet. our newest vessel will join us in summer 2023, and will be a home away from home for up to 728 guests.discover moreexpedition shipsilver originthe most elegant ship ever to sail the galapagos. the first destination specific ship built by silversea, silver origin is the height of experiential travel in the galapagos. discover moresilver rayportraying a dynamic and immediate connection with nature, where the touch of light inspires purity and movement, silversea’s second nova class ship will be named silver ray. set for a summer 2024 debut.discover moresilver shadowaward-winning silver shadow has all the hallmarks of extreme luxury at sea. with one of the highest space-to-guest ratios at sea, silver shadow is a firm favourite in the silversea fleet. discover moresilver spiritamplify your experience! the all-new silver spirit has never looked better, nor felt cosier. fully refurbished for a superlative onboard adventure, she retains our world famous standards of service and home away from home feel.discover moresilver whisperour world-cruisers preferred ship, silver whisper sports a relaxing, sophisticated and genuinely elegant atmosphere. a multi-million dollar refit makes her one of the most technically up to the minute ships at sea. discover moreexpedition shipsilver windsilver wind is a perfect illustration of how complete a small-sized ship can be. with just 274-guests, beautiful suites and spacious public areas, silver wind is one of the cosiest and most intimate ships afloat today.  discover more1 of 12get a deeper sense of where you are ranging from the perfect gateway pre or post-cruise to tailor-made adventures in some of the most inaccessible corners of the planet.shore excursionssilversea ships sail to over 450 ports on all seven continents, the essence of silversea travel is not just where you go, but what you do once you arrive. discover moreland programmesfollow your curiosity virtually anywhere on the planet. set out to explore what lies beyond the horizon or around a river bend. discover moresign up for offers and updatesbe the first to know about our itineraries, and receive exclusive offers, destination articles and more.don’t worry, we won’t clutter your inbox and you can unsubscribe at anytime.follow ussubscribe for exclusive offers and newsrequest a quoteview the brochuresabout silverseaabout us30 years of silverseainvestor relationsawardsour partners in luxurysilversea careerspress releasesmodern slavery statementsign up for offerstravel informationgeneral informationtravel requirementswi-fi packagesfaqswhat to packother resourcescontact usbrochuresvenetian society®benefits & faresexclusive offers terms & conditionstravel partner resource centrecharter & incentives cruiseimage & photos libraryblogmy silversea© 2025 silversea cruises ltd.imprintterms and conditionsterms of useprivacy policyunsolicited ideas policycookie settingstype here to search

