










home - wild bird feeding institute





















































 
 



















skip to content















					login				








					join now				








					email				








					(888) 839-1237				














facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram





youtube











































menu 
homeabout us our mission wbfi board of directors wbfi committees wbfi staff wbfi research foundation partners awards quality standards program quality standard amendment or creation suggestion qsp participantsevents events calendar past events 2024 annual meeting 2023 annual meeting 2022 annual meeting 2021 annual meeting 2019 annual meeting 2018 annual meetingmember area membership kit member directory member resources nyjer® seed nyjer® compliant companies exec benefits healthcare coverage find a retailer research market research research manuscripts pulse of the industry reports downloadable logos standards logos quality standards program wbfi awardsresources project wildbird ambassador program #feedthebirds wild bird feed product basics family & class resources create a sanctuary for birds webinars blog submit blog content advertise with us!join wbfi apply here








 















wbfi: growing the wild bird feeding hobby













subscribe to wbfi's monthly message






















find a  retailer 
shop local to find all you need to make your home a sanctuary for birds. enter your zip and we’ll show you wbfi member products and retailers closest to you!
 
 
 
search

 








member details 
join the flock! wbfi is the only trade association that represents businesses that are in the wild bird feeding industry. learn the ways membership can benefit you.
 
 
learn more

 








wbfi resources 
explore the most current resources from the wbfi on best feeding practices, consumer research, videos, and more! join as a member to unlock access to all materials.
 
 
learn more

 












 discover new benefits with wbfi membership!























with our new membership cycle taking flight on july 1st, it's the perfect time to join the flock and enjoy our exciting new benefits! members enjoy enhanced visibility through wbfi "find a retailer" map and project wildbird® website map, amplifying product discoverability. access our photo perch for seamless storage and sharing of bird media, elevating your marketing strategies. and utilize our newest benefit: our holiday gift guide to optimize seasonal promotions and boost sales.
by joining the wbfi, you can grow your business and contribute to a broader cause. click here to become a member today!









learn more here


























birding’s economic impact: a vital connection to nature



				by bmalo 
 | 

					december 12, 2024				


birding’s economic impact: a vital connection to nature the latest report from the u.s. fish and wildlife service highlights the significant role birding plays in both the economy and our connection to nature. economic contributions of birding 96 million americans are engaged in birdwatching. birders spend an impressive $107.6 billion annually on birding-related activities, including…






 

 



celebrating 40 years at wbfi 2024 annual meeting



				by info@wbfi 
 | 

					november 22, 2024				


celebrating 40 years at wbfi 2024 annual meeting view 2024 photos here! photo credit: rl martin. the wild bird feeding institute (wbfi) successfully hosted its 2024 annual meeting from november 12-14 in charleston, south carolina, at the hyatt place/hyatt house in the historic district. this event marked the 40th anniversary of the wbfi, bringing together…






 

 



2024 avian flu –  november update 



				by info@wbfi 
 | 

					november 20, 2024				


2024 avian flu – november update the wild bird feeding institute (wbfi) continues to closely monitor the spread of highly pathogenic avian influenza (hpai) across north america. as of november 2024, outbreaks have been reported in poultry and even dairy cows in the u.s., with agencies working to minimize the risk of transmission to workers…








1
2
3
…
26
next »


























#feedsmart
wild bird feeding institute has created resources to promote proper feeding practices for bird-feeding hobbyists and members. learn about how you can promote smart practices such as properly cleaning your feeders to help prevent the spread of disease:

how to prevent diseases at feeders
avian flu (hpai) updates
create a backyard sanctuary

members of wbfi have access to an exclusive info hub of resources including the latest research on best feeding practices and additional assets that can be customized for your business.
wbfi member info.


































feed the birds. reap the benefits. 
the wild bird feeding institute’s (wbfi) marketing campaign, #feedthebirds is an ongoing marketing initiative to highlight the benefits of the birds feeding hobby.
this campaign focuses on the mental health benefits of bird feeding. several studies prove birds help lower stress, anxiety, and depression. with technology becoming more pervasive, and society’s concern with mental wellness, we think interacting with birds is a natural remedy.
 
get started here with feeding resources:


the art of attracting birds to your yard


why bird feeding is important


find a wbfi member retailer


bird feeding basics


student resources


 
read more

 















upcoming events 


 
view calendar

 
































the only central network of organizations supporting the wild bird feeding industry.










































join the flock! 
mission: growing the wild bird feeding hobby.
wbfi advances this mission and seeks to connect people with nature by serving members and birders internationally through education, awareness, and conservation partnerships. our network of committed members, the quality standards we uphold, our expertise, and positive relationships with key organizations drive our success. we are sustainable through membership dues, charitable donations, and programming revenue. 
 
join today!

 







 












© 2025 wild bird feeding institute
 | 
site by growthzone




































birdfy is a smart birding brand dedicated to making birdwatching fun, easy, and accessible for everyone. launched in 2020 as a sub-brand of netvue technologies, birdfy combines ai-powered cameras with smart home technology to bring birds closer to people’s daily lives. products includes bird feeders, hummingbird feeders, birdhouse and birdbath. we are an pionneer and a caregiver in the industry - not just about our human customers - our feathered friends are just as important! every birdfy product is designed with birds’ well-being in mind. we use non-toxic materials and anti-predator designs to ensure a comfortable and safe environment for birds to eat and thrive.











birdfy is a partnered member of wbfi. interested in advertising with us? learn about wbfi member benefits!































resources









facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram





youtube




















member directory 














member login 










get in touch






wild bird feeding institute













po box 939, britton, sd 57430 














(888) 839-1237 














info@wbfi.org 
































 © 2025 wild bird feeding institute.  all rights reserved. site by growthzone 








 















