









bar-b-ranch, davie florida




















toggle navigation








scenic trail rides
day camp
riding lessons
pony rides
map & directions
home















bar-b-ranch is open for scheduled rides!
to schedule your ride, call 954-424-1060 today.



we offer  scenic guided trail rides, rides on our property, riding lessons, & more. 
 at bar-b ranch we have the right horse for each rider, from beginners to experts, for the best riding experience. enjoy an on-property ride, or a longer ride in robbins open space preserve, a beautiful 160 acre park featuring one of the last remaining oak hammocks in broward county.
our friendly trail guides are attentive, knowledgeable, and always ready to help you guide your horse. you’re sure to enjoy your ride, and discover something new at bar-b ranch.

find out more about our scenic trail rides










every day at bar-b camp is a day of laughing, learning,  and discoving the details of nature on horseback. 
bar-b camp is an all day horse program for children, ages 7 and older. kids & teens ride for hours, and learn about horse grooming, saddling, bridling, horse anatomy, and colors. we include individual instruction time, and more.
forming new friendhips, spending active time outdoors, and having favorite horses create life long memories. our campers’ pride of their accomplishments, and love of riding is invaluable as they discover their identities as teens.
find out more about activities, hours, and rates.









 rent a pony and lead your child   around our 25 acre property. explore a few wooded trails for shade.
leading ponies around our small pond gives your young rider an introduction to the feeling of ascending and descending small hills, while finding some shade in the tall pines. you’ll also find plenty of open space and sights to see, from birds to dogs, to other riders. 
a pony ride is more than a fun experience, it’s a great way to start horseback riding and the exploring nature, with the comfort of a trusted family member.
find out more about pony rentals, prices, and hours.









back to top
 © 2022-2024 bar-b-ranch. all rights reserved.


 







