








show me the law -












































show me the law



menu
skip to content

homeabout
contact
home
privacy
sample page
what to expect from a car accident attorney









get to know about importance of paralegal services




many people mistakenly believe that paralegals are equivalent to lawyers. however, paralegals are not lawyers and do not have the authority to offer legal advice. instead, they perform many tasks that lawyers typically do not. opting for paralegal outsourcing services for legal tasks like drafting documents, performing legal research and writing, proofreading, or bookkeeping to the paralegal, the lawyer can take more time out and concentrate on other projects.
thus the lawyer can devote a maximum of his professional time to more crucial topics. this further helps in saving costs, too, since the paralegal’s time is usually billed at a much lower rate than the attorney’s.
paralegal staffs work for lawyers who cover varied and huge practice areas. law firms and legal professionals who handle litigation, bankruptcy, family law, foreclosures, probate, estate planning, collections, business/corporate, personal injury, and securities law can benefit from hiring paralegal services.
broadly, such services can be divided into two parts based on skills and specialization.
there are certain paralegal tasks that are voluminous but demand low-end skills. on the other hand, certain tasks are of qualitative nature and demand legal knowledge to a certain extent.
a few common paralegal responsibilities include

completion of forms,
document management,
proofreading,
bookkeeping,
data entry,
title search,
and also extending legal editing and publishing support.

some of these tasks may appear very simple, but the fact is that each service demands maximum concentration and seriousness. employees of a busy law firm may find it difficult to handle these responsibilities on their own. this is one reason why the concept of outsourcing certain legal tasks has gained huge support from usa-based law firms and legal advisors.
the recent economic slowdown has led many us law firms to outsource paralegal services.
while the us-based attorney usually charges an approximate of $200 -$300 on an hourly basis, his counterpart from the offshore team charges quite a nominal amount of around usd 75-100 per hour. this straightaway results in saving up to 50%-90% of the cost, which is really an impressive amount!
thus hiring legal attorneys from the outsourcing company seems quite a practical and economical approach. not only the law firm saves money, but it can be sure of the best standard service within a limited time frame.


			this entry was posted in my blog on july 11, 2024 by christine sims.								




what does a paralegal do? 7 insights that aren’t in the job description




choosing your profession can feel like one of the most crucial decisions you will make.
it’s understandable to second-guess yourself. shows like better call saul, law and order and how to get away with murder all feature dynamic law firms and may have piqued your interest in the world of legal professionals.
but is that interest enough to fuel a career? look closely at any of those tv shows involving a law office or law firms, and you’ll notice some background characters who are doing a lot of the work: paralegals and legal assistants.
take a moment to learn some of the gritty details of working as a paralegal or legal assistant—from the mouths of paralegals and the lawyers who hire them.
use this expert insight to help you conduct legal research and make an informed decision, and you may end up in a legal profession, working for a law firm to move the levers of power.
what does a paralegal do? [the basics]
basically, they work with a legal team to keep things organized and running smoothly as their attorneys represent clients.
a paralegal’s day could include conducting legal research, drafting legal documents, and doing important legwork. they track down answers, contact outside organizations, schedule conversations with clients and more.
according to the  bureau of labor statistics (bls), paralegals support the legal system by assisting attorneys, organizing case files and legal documents, preparing trial notes, performing legal research, preparing legal briefs and sometimes conducting client and witness interviews.1
a typical paralegal or legal assistant is usually required to:

collaborate with other legal professionals at private law firms and government agencies
conduct client interviews to gather essential information
review legal material and share insights with attorneys
draft legal documents for administrative hearings and court proceedings
keep clients informed on case progress and field their questions
draft settlement agreements and other legal documents
draft letters and memos to communicate with opposing counsel
conduct legal research to help attorneys gather pertinent information and stay updated on relevant laws and regulations
coordinate with government agencies to obtain necessary permits, licenses, and other required documentation
schedule meetings, court dates, and appointments, keeping attorneys and clients informed of important dates and deadlines

the above list is just a snapshot; paralegals and legal assistants – depending on the law firms that work with – often have other specific tasks. for example, paralegals in corporate legal departments might help draft a company policy for sick leave.
 (if you’re interested in corporate law, check out what does a corporate paralegal do? it’s a very different type of legal environment).
or if you work in family law, you might establish communications with your local department of human services or help clients navigate the legal process to file for divorce.
what does a paralegal really do? [beyond the job description]
if you’re still interested in paralegal studies, you should know those basic job tasks can look way different from workplace to workplace. there are so many types of paralegals and types of law to consider. and ultimately, law firms rely on paralegals in different ways as well—depending on where they have needs and gaps in expertise.
get a better picture of what paralegals do by hearing from paralegals and attorneys themselves.
as a paralegal, you need to…
1. be good at learning
“most paralegal jobs require paralegals to work on contracts, real estate, civil lawsuits and other legal needs,” says kirk olson, attorney and instructor at rasmussen university.
“one case may require multiple areas of law. for instance, a divorce often requires a paralegal to obtain and review real estate, pension, insurance, business and estate planning documents, not just child custody studies.” whatever students take on in their paralegal education programs, there will always be so much more to learn.
on top of that, the law changes constantly. anyone who wants to practice law needs to be adaptable enough to learn and change with it.
2. keep track of every little detail
“there is no room for error in tracking deadlines and working with court scheduling,” says kevin queenan of  the queenan law firm, p.c. “mentoring legal assistants, i hear the same issue every time: i did not know you meant that detail oriented!”
the legal field is famously a stickler for the rules–this is where those rules are made! you have to dot every “i” and cross every “t”.
miniscule mistakes can have big consequences in the legal world, according to queenan. having a bad day won’t cut it as an excuse if your mistake costs the firm a case, or worse, accusations of malpractice.
beyond that, paralegals and legal assistants who take initiative to follow up on research ideas can be worth their weight in gold to law firms. “we are suing a major manufacturer, and my legal assistant found several articles that were helpful to our lack of warning claims,” queenan says. “the information was free!”
3. enjoy variety—or enjoy repetition
paralegals and legal assistants can take jobs in corporate legal departments with varied daily tasks and experiences if that is what they are looking for.
“in a general civil practice… the legal assistant may be answering discovery [requests] one day and driving out to meet a new client the next day,” queenan says.
paralegals working in smaller law firms might take on a broader range of tasks to keep things running smoothly—which means every day might look different than the last.
but some paralegal roles are way more repetitive.
“for those who like more structure or repetition, there are law practices involving cookie-cutter lawsuits and issues,” queenan says, explaining that in some places, you might draft the same kind of legal document over and over.
“i talked to a legal assistant yesterday, and her last position involved filing 1,000 credit card lawsuits per month,” queenan explains. if you like stable, predictable work, there are certainly legal roles that fit the bill.
4. have strong moral fiber
you might picture working in an office full of driven individuals who want to help their clients fix injustices. but unfortunately, it isn’t always like that.
“not all attorneys are nice, and not all attorneys are ethical,” says rasmussen university justice studies instructor julia gordon. “be aware of your ethical rules and guidelines.”
paralegals might find themselves in situations that distress their conscience. you have to have a strong backbone to be able to stick to your principles, even if that means conflict with your law firm or your attorney. “never compromise your integrity,” gordon says. “nothing is worth losing your self-respect over.”
5. stay professional under pressure
every branch of law is different. but some environments can definitely come with high tension and high emotional stakes for clients and even their attorneys.
paralegals who work in community legal service programs, for example, might see a fair share of cases where clients deal with heartbreaking odds and the legal team professionals are there out of genuine passion for the community.
paralegals working in immigration law might communicate with clients whose homes and ability to be with their families are on the line. paralegals in family law might work with clients arguing over child custody. and of course, in criminal law, you might also work on cases where someone’s literal life hangs in the balance.
communicating clearly and professionally, even if a client is panicking or reacting with anger, is extremely important. “you have your clients’ lives in your hands,” gordon says. “treat the position with the highest reverence.”
6. catch errors and manage processes
“lawyers hire paralegals because a good paralegal will find flaws in documents and assist with billing and other detailed functions that keep a law office working,” olson says. “a good paralegal is a ‘deadline cop’ who keeps the law firm on track.”
“finding and warning of a deadline that others missed may prevent a loss of a client’s case and may save a $10,000 deductible in a lawyer’s malpractice claim,” olson says.
all that detail-checking includes spelling and grammar. olson says paralegals and legal assistants often correct citation mistakes, grammar errors and other inaccuracies.
when you start working for an employer, olson suggests asking for examples of finished case files to see samples of what completed and professional work looks like for that firm. “and be assertive. if something does not look right, insist that it be explained or fixed.”
7. develop fluency with computers and new software
most of the research and writing paralegals do will take place on a computer. proficiency with computer programs is important, as well as the ability to learn and navigate new systems.
“a person considering becoming a legal assistant should take the highest level of available training on word®, wordperfect® and westlaw®,” queenan says. “a technologically proficient paralegal will wow their lawyers more often and command a higher salary and raises.”
paralegals and legal assistants have options for getting started
one positive for prospective paralegals is that there’s no “one true path” to working in this field. while some states may require professional certification, there’s a variety of educational paths you can take to finding paralegal work. it is important to check the education and work experience requirements required by the state and employer you hope to work for.


			this entry was posted in my blog on june 6, 2024 by christine sims.								




10 reasons why human rights are important



#1: human rights ensure people have basic needs met
everyone needs access to medicine, food and water, clothes, and shelter. by including these in a person’s basic human rights, everyone has a baseline level of dignity. unfortunately, there are still millions of people out there who don’t have these necessities, but saying it’s a matter of human rights allows activists and others to work towards getting those for everyone.
#2: human rights protect vulnerable groups from abuse
the declaration of human rights was created largely because of the holocaust and the horrors of wii. during that time in history, the most vulnerable in society were targeted along with the jewish population, including those with disabilities and lgbt. organizations concerned with human rights focus on members of society most vulnerable to abuse from powerholders, instead of ignoring them.
#3: human rights allow people to stand up to societal corruption
the concept of human rights allows people to speak up when they experience abuse and corruption. this is why specific rights like the right to assemble are so crucial because no society is perfect. the concept of human rights empowers people and tells them that they deserve dignity from society, whether it’s the government or their work environment. when they don’t receive it, they can stand up.
#4: human rights encourage freedom of speech and expression
while similar to what you just read above, being able to speak freely without fear of brutal reprisal is more expansive. it encompasses ideas and forms of expression that not everybody will like or agree with, but no one should ever feel like they are going to be in danger from their government because of what they think. it goes both ways, too, and protects people who want to debate or argue with certain ideas expressed in their society.
#5: human rights give people the freedom to practice their religion (or not practice any)
religious violence and oppression occur over and over again all across history, from the crusades to the holocaust to modern terrorism in the name of religion. human rights acknowledges the importance of a person’s religion and spiritual beliefs, and lets them practice in peace. the freedom to not hold to a religion is also a human right.
#6: human rights allows people to love who they choose
the importance of freedom to love cannot be understated. being able to choose what one’s romantic life looks like is an essential human right. the consequences of not protecting this right are clear when you look at countries where lgbt people are oppressed and abused, or where women are forced into marriages they don’t want.
#7: human rights encourage equal work opportunities
the right to work and make a living allows people to flourish in their society. without acknowledging that the work environment can be biased or downright oppressive, people find themselves enduring abuse or insufficient opportunities. the concept of human rights provides a guide for how workers should be treated and encourages equality.
#8: human rights give people access to education
education is important for so many reasons and is crucial for societies where poverty is common. organizations and governments concerned with human rights provide access to schooling, supplies, and more in order to halt the cycle of poverty. seeing education as a right means everyone can get access, not just the elite.
#9: human rights protect the environment
the marriage between human rights and environmentalism is becoming stronger due to climate change and the effects it has on people. we live in the world, we need the land, so it makes sense that what happens to the environment impacts humanity. the right to clean air, clean soil, and clean water are all as important as the other rights included in this list.
#10: human rights provide a universal standard that holds governments accountable
when the udhr was released, it had a two-fold purpose: provide a guideline for the future and force the world to acknowledge that during wwii, human rights had been violated on a massive scale. with a standard for what is a human right, governments can be held accountable for their actions. there’s power in naming an injustice and pointing to a precedent, which makes the udhr and other human right documents so important.


			this entry was posted in my blog on february 8, 2024 by christine sims.								




seven types of laws



law is a complex and multifaceted field that encompasses various branches and categories. 
the legal system encompasses seven primary types of law that form the basis for our understanding and application of justice. the seven types of law are constitution (the supreme body of law), statutory law, common or case law, civil law, criminal law, equity law and administrative law.
constitution law
at the pinnacle of legal systems, constitutional law establishes the fundamental principles and rules that govern a nation or state. it defines the powers and limitations of different branches of government, safeguards individual rights and sets the framework for the legal system. a constitution serves as the supreme body of law, providing a foundation for all other laws within a jurisdiction.
statutory law
statutory law, also known as legislative law, comprises written laws passed by legislative bodies such as parliaments or congresses. these laws are enacted to regulate society and cover a wide range of areas, including criminal offences, business regulations, tax laws and more. statutory laws are codified and are binding upon all citizens within the jurisdiction.
common or case law
common law, also referred to as case law, is derived from judicial decisions made by courts and tribunals. it is based on precedents established through prior court rulings, which become binding on future cases with similar facts. common law systems rely heavily on the principle of stare decisis, which means that courts adhere to previous decisions when deciding current cases. this type of law is prevalent in countries with a legal system rooted in english traditions, such as the united states, canada and australia.
civil law
civil law governs the relationships and disputes between individuals or entities that do not involve criminal offences. it encompasses private matters, including contracts, property, family law, torts and more. civil law is codified and relies on a comprehensive set of statutes, regulations and codes that outline the rights and obligations of the parties involved. in civil cases, the aim is to provide compensation or remedies to the affected parties rather than impose criminal sanctions.
criminal law
criminal law deals with offences against society as a whole and establishes punishments for individuals who violate established laws. it encompasses crimes such as theft, assault, murder, fraud and other acts that are deemed harmful to public order and safety. prosecution occurs when the state charges an individual or entity with a crime and if found guilty, the offender may face penalties ranging from fines to imprisonment, depending on the severity of the offence.
equity law
equity law operates alongside common law and aims to provide fairness and justice in cases where the application of strict legal rules may lead to unjust outcomes. equitable remedies, such as injunctions, specific performance and constructive trusts, are issued by courts to prevent harm, enforce rights or provide remedies when monetary compensation is insufficient. equity law is based on principles of fairness, conscience and the discretion of judges.
administrative law
administrative law governs the actions and operations of administrative agencies, departments and other governmental bodies. it regulates the relationship between citizens and the state, ensuring that government actions are lawful, fair and transparent. administrative law covers areas such as immigration, taxation, licensing, environmental regulations and social security. it provides a framework for the exercise of public power and allows individuals to challenge administrative decisions through judicial review.


			this entry was posted in my blog on january 25, 2024 by christine sims.								




what are the different types of law



the legal industry offers multiple types of law for lawyers to pursue. some lawyers pick their area of expertise based on personal experiences, values or a general sense of wanting to serve the public. when thinking about starting your own practice, it’s important to have at least one niche specialization and add other relevant practices to better serve your clients. 
whether you’re interested in learning about different practice areas, new to the legal industry or looking into diversifying your practice, here is a list of the types of law. this is not intended to be an exhaustive list as there are several types of law.
corporate
corporate law includes anything related to a client’s business affairs. corporate lawyers work with a mix of small, medium and enterprise businesses to ensure they’re operating in a way that is consistent with the law. this includes writing contracts, intellectual property, managing and eliminating risk of liability, and staying up to date with regulatory laws. 
criminal
criminal law revolves around individuals who commit a crime and violate the law. this type of law is established by statute. a statute establishes the offense and three elements. the three elements of a crime include the act, mental state of the individual, and causation. there are varying levels of crime; felonies, misdemeanors, inchoate offenses, and strict liability offenses. the level of crime is based on the severity of the crime and varying state or federal guidelines. 
criminal lawyers represent individuals facing criminal charges. this includes bails bond hearings, plea bargains, trial, revocation hearings, appeals, and post-conviction remedies. in general, the criminal justice system is a complex structure of laws that poses several challenges and great opportunities. criminal lawyers often face high levels of stress based on the severity of a crime and often strenuous hours of investigation. 
labor & employment
labor and employment are often grouped together but have distinctive differences. employment law mostly covers regulations or mandates between employers and employees. think, fair labor standards, age discrimination in employment act or family medial leave act. on the other hand, labor laws focus on unions and employee rights bargaining. 
another difference between the two is how lawyers spend their time. employment lawyers may spend more time in the courtroom than lawyers who focus on labor laws. this is because labor lawyers are often dealing with government agencies.  
family
family and juvenile law focuses on issues related to adoptions, child support, domestic abuse, divorse, prenuptial agreements, and more. like other practice areas, it may be in the best interest of family lawyers to specialize in criminal or immigation law. especially, involving domestic abuse or citizenship related to a child. 
healthcare
healthcare is one of the biggest industries in the united states. as such, healthcare law and lawyers are lucrative to regulating the complex system. this particular area of law is very broad and covers a variety of cases. healthcare law includes medical malpractice, abuse cases, insurance fraud, mergers, acquisitions and much more.
lawyers who choose to specialize in healthcare law must have expertise in various regulations and patient rights. healthcare is a unique area of practice for lawyers who are looking to challenge and grow their skill set. in many cases, lawyers must know enough about medical practices to prove or defend a case.
immigration
immigration law specializes in all things related to citizenship or naturalization of individuals coming to the united states. this includes employment, green cards, visa applications and more. obtaining citizenship can be a tricky process and lawyers advise individuals on the steps to reach their goals (permanent or temporary entry), legally. other areas of law that fall under immigration include asylum/refugee law and business immigartion law. in some cases, immigration lawyers will need to specialize in criminal law when an individual violates the law and faces deportation. 
intellectual property
intellectual property law covers issues related to any design, research, inventions, etc. created by a business or author. most common intellectual properties are patents, trademarks and copyrights. 
tax law
tax laws are set in place and regulated by the internal revenue service or irs. taxes can be a pain point for individuals at the beginning of the year but it can be an even bigger headache for businesses who operate within several entities. tax law includes income taxes, capital gains, and tax evasion. this law in particular is heavily influenced by current legislation and regulations put in place by the irs. 
the legal industry is a complex structure that is constantly evolving. it’s typically in the best interest of clients for lawyers to specialize in many types of law. as their practice grows, it’s important for lawyers to create best practices and utilize software to best manage their practice. 


			this entry was posted in my blog on january 11, 2024 by christine sims.								




can a lawyer defend someone who is guilty?



one of the most common questions asked of the legal profession is, how can a criminal lawyer defend someone who is guilty?
there appears to be view that a criminal defence lawyer uses technical arguments or legal loopholes to free persons who are ostensibly guilty of offences. further, a prevailing view in the community is that most accused criminals face serious allegations such as murder or sexual offences.
however, there are strict rules in place that govern the how legal practitioners conduct themselves when faced with such a dilemma.
can a criminal lawyer defend someone they know is guilty?
a criminal lawyer can defend someone they know is guilty as long as they do not lie or knowingly mislead the court.
the law society of new south wales governs the conduct of legal professionals and regulates their ethical standards. you can read the statement of ethics by clicking here.
if you tell your lawyer that you are guilty of a criminal offence, they can still represent you. however, if you wish to plead ‘not guilty’ then your lawyer cannot positively suggest that you did not commit the offence. rather, they can only suggest that the prosecution have not proved the elements of the offence beyond reasonable doubt.
can lawyers refuse to defend someone?
lawyers can refuse to defend someone unless a court refuses to grant them leave to withdraw from the matter.
common reasons why a criminal lawyer would not defend someone are if there is a conflict of interest (eg. the solicitor has previously represented or given advice to the opposite party), or where they have prior commitments or where the case is beyond their expertise.
however, once a lawyer has started acting for a client, they generally cannot stop acting unless they have a sufficient reason. the law society can make a finding of ‘unsatisfactory professional conduct’ and take disciplinary action if appropriate.
the solicitors rules set out that if a client admits their guilt to a lawyer but still wishes to plead not guilty, the lawyer must either:

stop acting for the client, as long as there is enough time for the client to find someone else to represent them, or the client does not insist on the solicitor continuing to represent them; or
continue to act for the client, but they cannot suggest that someone else committed the offence; or set up a case inconsistent with the confession

a criminal lawyer can still defend the client by arguing that the evidence does not prove the elements of the offence beyond reasonable doubt.
if the client gives evidence denying guilt or makes a statement claiming their innocence, the solicitor must stop acting for them.
the nsw barristers’ rules have similar provisions.
how can a criminal lawyer defend someone they think is guilty?
a criminal lawyer can defend someone they think is guilty because there is a difference between “legal guilt” and “factual guilt”. it is not the job of a criminal defence lawyer to make a judgement as to their client’s guilt. a lawyer must provide a vigorous defence regardless of the crime their client is accused of or the evidence against them.
the criminal justice system is built on the concept of a person being presumed innocent until their guilt is proved “beyond a reasonable doubt”. this is a very high standard intended to make conviction difficult. this means that a criminal trial is about whether the prosecution have met this standard, as opposed to whether a person has actually committed an offence.
pleading guilty
if a person decides to plead guilty, your criminal lawyer can undertake the following actions to obtain the best outcome:

negotiating with police to reduce the number charges. this can involve the ‘rolling up’ of a number of sequences;
negotiating with the prosecution for less serious charges. for example, a charge of assault occasioning actual bodily harm can sometimes be reduced to a common assault charge. likewise, a drug supply offence can be reduced to drug possession;
amending the fact sheet to minimise the details of the offence.

by undertaking these actions, your prospects at minimising your penalty at sentence will be significantly increased. outcomes such as a section 10 dismissal or conditional release order – which means that no criminal conviction is recorded – will become much more likely.
a lawyer can also prepare your subjective case by assisting you to obtain character references, an apology letter and any medical or psychological reports.
undertaking a drug and/or alcohol rehabilitation program can also be beneficial. if you have been charged with a traffic offence, you will also need to enrol in a traffic offender program.
pleading not guilty
if you have admitted to your lawyer that you are guilty of the offence, but you still want to plead not guilty, it will usually be in your best interests to retain new lawyers.
this is because for them to continue representing you, they can only argue that the prosecution has not proved the offence beyond reasonable doubt.
this means that your criminal lawyer cannot positively tell the court that you are innocent.
the ethical and professional standards that govern the conduct of solicitors sets out that your lawyer cannot allow facts they know are false to be produced in evidence, nor can they make submissions that they know are false.
an experienced criminal lawyer will generally withdraw from the case if faced with this dilemma. given the significant penalties for criminal offences, it is advisable to be represented by a criminal lawyer who put the defence forward.


			this entry was posted in my blog on january 5, 2024 by christine sims.								




what is business law and why is it important?



usiness law is a section of code that is involved in protecting liberties and rights, maintaining orders, resolving disputes, and establishing standards for the business concerns and their dealings with government agencies and individuals. every state defines its own set of regulations and laws for business organizations. similarly, it is also the responsibility of the business concerns to know the existing rules and regulations applicable to them.
importance of business law
business law plays a vital role in regulating business practices in a country. here are some points that prove why business law is so relevant:

compensation issues – business law is essential to handle various compensation issues in an organization. a professional business attorney in santa rosa can help companies in settling issues related to compensation and salary management. it is the responsibility of the attorney to ensure that his or her client does not violate compensation and benefits laws at any cost. the consequences can be fatal in case of any discrepancies.
safeguard the rights of shareholders – business law plays a vital role when it comes to safeguarding the rights of a company’s shareholders. an experienced business law attorney can successfully handle such issues along with conflicts related to minority shareholders, constitutional documents, resolution by arbitration, and more.
business formation – business law plays the role of a foundation stone for any business concern. establishing a business includes a lot of legal processes, leasing, and permits. a business law attorney is well-versed with all the relevant regulations and can help the concern establish its operations successfully.

what are the functions of business law?
every business concern, either large-scale or small-scale, is bound to comply with their respective legal regulations. here are some significant functions of business law that can help you understand it better.

includes laws related to business ethics, substantive law, procedural law, court system structure, and so on.
business law entails the taxation system for different types of businesses.
the level of competition and antitrust are also involved.
business law also includes regulations about employee rights and privileges, workplace safety, overtime rules, and minimum wage laws.
it strives to alleviate the impact businesses have on the environment and nature. it aims to regulate pesticides, limit air and water pollution, chemical usage, and so on.
business law determines the formal process of establishment of a business organization and regulations related to the selling of corporate entities.
it also includes rights assignment, drafting, and work delegations, breach of contract, transactions, contracts, and penalties for violation of the agreement.
business law defines laws related to business partnerships, entities, sole proprietorships, liability companies, and corporations.
it describes laws related to business and real property.
business law analyses the overall impact of computer technology on other business domains.
includes laws related to bankruptcy and governance of the securities.



			this entry was posted in my blog on november 27, 2023 by christine sims.								




what is the law of attraction?



the law of attraction is a philosophy suggesting that positive thoughts bring positive results into a person’s life, while negative thoughts bring negative outcomes. it is based on the belief that thoughts are a form of energy and that positive energy attracts success in all areas of life, including health, finances, and relationships.
based on these lofty promises, it begs the question: is the law of attraction real? while the law of attraction has generated attention in recent years due to books like “the secret,” it lacks scientific evidence for its claims and is generally viewed as a pseudoscience.
the laws of attraction
how does the law of attraction work? essentially, the energy of your thoughts manifest your experiences. so positive thoughts manifest positive experiences and vice versa. advocates suggest there are central universal principles that make up the law of attraction:

like attracts like: this law suggests that similar things are attracted to one another. it means that people tend to attract people who are similar to them—but it also suggests that people’s thoughts tend to attract similar results. negative thinking is believed to attract negative experiences, while positive thinking is believed to produce desirable experiences.
nature abhors a vacuum: this law of attraction suggests that removing negative things from your life can make space for more positive things to take their place. it is based on the notion that it is impossible to have a completely empty space in your mind and in your life. since something will always fill this space, it is important to fill that space with positivity, proponents of this philosophy say.
the present is always perfect: this law focuses on the idea that there are always things you can do to improve the present moment. while it might always seem like the present is somehow flawed, this law proposes that, rather than feeling dread or unhappiness, you should focus your energy on finding ways to make the present moment the best that it can be.

how to use the law of attraction
so how do you get started with the law of attraction? according to this philosophy, you create your own reality. what you focus on is what you draw into your life. it suggests that what you believe will happen in your life is what does happen.
some things that you can do to incorporate the law of attraction into your own life include:

be grateful
visualize your goals
look for the positives in a situation
learn how to identify negative thinking
use positive affirmations
reframe negative events in a more positive way

while the law of attraction may not be an immediate solution for all of life’s challenges, it can help you learn to cultivate a more optimistic outlook on life. it may also help you stay motivated to continue working toward your goals.
relationships
you can use some elements of the law of attraction to work toward your relationship goals. one way to do this is to become more aware of the things that might be holding you back when it comes to allowing love in your life.
if you notice that issues like a fear of vulnerability keep you from forging strong romantic connections, you can start taking steps to overcome those fears. approaching your relationships with positivity may help you form healthier relationships.
work
the law of attraction can also be useful for achieving your professional goals. while people sometimes mistakenly believe that simply thinking positively about your career aspirations will manifest positive changes, the key is to use your long-term goals to make specific, concrete changes in the present that will help you take steps toward your goals.
for example, simply hoping for higher pay isn’t enough. taking actions such as acquiring marketable skills, seeking promotions, or even pursuing a new position are steps you can take that will pay off in the future. according to the law of attraction, focusing your energy in positive ways will bring positive changes to your life in the future.
money
manifesting financial changes in your life requires small steps and steady progress. instead of simply wishing for more, it’s important to assess your financial life and set goals for what you want to achieve both now and in the future. 
the law of attraction encourages people to shift from a scarcity mindset to an abundance mindset. instead of focusing on what you lack, practice feeling gratitude for what you have. in doing so, you’ll be better prepared as you work toward your financial goals and take advantage of the opportunities presented.
impact of the law of attraction
while the law of attraction lacks scientific support, proponents suggest that it can produce positive changes in a person’s life. some reasons why people may experience benefits from this philosophy include:
spiritual effects
the law of attraction may produce results because it taps into people’s spirituality. spirituality itself is connected to a variety of health benefits including reduced stress, better health, lower depression, and better overall well-being.1﻿﻿
many people believe that this philosophy works by aligning god or the universe with our wishes. this notion suggests that people are all made of energy, and this energy operates at different frequencies. because of this, it is important to change the frequency of energy with positive thoughts, especially gratitude for what we already have.
by using grateful, positive thoughts and feelings and by focusing on our dreams rather than our frustrations, we can change the frequency of our energy, and the law of attraction brings positive things into our lives. what we attract depends on where and how we focus our attention, but we must believe that it’s already ours or soon will be.
better well-being
utilizing the law of attraction may also bring about positive impacts on mental well-being. by focusing on attaining a new reality, and by believing it is possible, we tend to take more risks, notice more opportunities, and open ourselves up to new possibilities. conversely, when we don’t believe that something is in the realm of possibilities for us, we tend to let opportunities pass by unnoticed.
when we believe we don’t deserve good things, we behave in ways that sabotage our chances of happiness. by changing our self-talk and feelings about life, we reverse the negative patterns in our lives and create more positive, productive, and healthy ones. one good thing leads to another, and the direction of a life can shift from a downward spiral to an upward ascent.
one of the foundations of many types of therapy is that changing your self-talk can change your life in a positive direction. cognitive-behavioral therapy (cbt), a widely used and effective treatment for many conditions, is based on the idea that identifying and changing automatic negative thoughts can produce positive effects and help people achieve better mental well-being.
tips for practicing the law of attraction
there are some exercises that can help you learn to put the law of attraction into practice in your own life. some ideas include:

journaling: writing down your thoughts can help you better learn to recognize your habitual thought patterns to see whether you tend toward optimism or pessimism and learn more about changing negative patterns of thought.
make a mood board: create a visual reminder that helps you maintain a positive mindset, stay motivated, and focus on your goals.
practice acceptance: instead of focusing on what is wrong about the present or what needs to be changed, work on accepting things as they are. this doesn’t mean that you won’t continue to work toward a better future, it just means that you won’t get bogged down by wishing for things to be different right now.
practice positive self-talk: if you struggle with being overly self-critical, set a goal to engage in positive self-talk each day. over time, this may come much more easily and you may find that it is harder to maintain a negative mindset.

potential pitfalls of the law of attraction
one problem with books such as “the secret” as well as with some people’s interpretation of the law of attraction is that it suggests it’s the belief that good things will come to us that will bring us all that we desire, without any sort of action behind that belief.
it is the optimistic viewpoint that drives proactive behaviors that, in turn, bring optimists such great results in their lives. optimists don’t receive their benefits from their attitudes alone—it’s the behavior the attitudes inspire that creates real change.
in order for beliefs to affect behavior, it is important to also have things such as:

goals
mindfulness
commitment
motivation
timelines
challenges
support

critics of “the secret” and other books about the law of attraction also point out the very real concern that people may start to blame themselves for negative events that are outside their control, such as accidents and injuries, layoffs due to a financial downturn, or major illnesses.
we can’t always control our circumstances, but we can control our responses to them. in this vein, the law of attraction can provide the optimism and proactive attitude associated with resilience in difficult situations, but it must not be used as a tool of self-blame.
the history of the law of attraction
while the law of attraction has received quite a bit of attention in recent years, the concept is not exactly new. these ideas have philosophical roots that date back to the early 19th-century approach known as “new thought.” there was a resurgence of interest in the idea during the 20th century, particularly with the 2006 release of the film “the secret,” which was then later developed into the best-selling book of the same title and its 2010 sequel “the power.”


			this entry was posted in my blog on november 8, 2023 by christine sims.								




how does law affect our everyday life



some people are affected more and others less. however, the law and government do affect us all in some common ways. most importantly, the law and government affect us by allowing us to live in a society where we are not related to most other people and we generally do not even know who they are.
most definitely the so-called “civil law” or, depending on you location, the “common law”.
the “law” is a set of rules designed to regulate relations (a) between humans and (b) between humans and objects. what exactly those rules are, and how they operate, varies.
typically, when people think of the “law”, they think of circumstances when the “law” becomes visible, i.e. in exceptional circumstances that are potentially life-changing, i.e. criminal law,or when the state makes it’s presence known, by demanding you pay taxes.
however, daily life is usually regulated by a much larger degree by the so-called “zivilrecht”, for lack of a better word, a “law of interpersonal relationships”.
you get up in the morning, out of bed? chances are you bought that bed someplace, so the law of contracts, which governs sales, has something to do with it. the bed is standing in a flat or house, which is either rented → law on lease agreements, or owned → property law. you take a shower → you have a service agreement with your utilities provider, who ensures that there is water in the pipe leading to your domicile.
you get dressed → law of contracts concerning how you bought the clothes you wear, → property law concerning you’re allowed to do with them as you please.
you leave house and walk down the street → traffic laws are designed dot make that a safe and convenient experience: and enter a coffee shop. there, you buy a cup of coffee, a bagel, and an newspaper for your breakfast → depending on where in the world you are, you just entered into, and executed, anything between one and nine contracts governing the passage of ownership of coffee, bagel and newspaper to you, reciprocal obligations (“stuff” for “money) concerning the quality, payment of the items you purchased, and them now “belonging” to you, and not to the coffee shop, any more.
if the coffee shop is part of a chain, chances are you will not be contracting with the guy behind the counter, but with a company (f.e, starbucks?), so laws on representation and agency also apply. in 90% of the cases, if your coffee is cold, you will complain to whoever sold you your coffee if the coffee is too cold → implied terms, coffee is suitable for human consumption and of a “typically to be expected” quality and temperature.
all of this happens more or less “in plain sight”, but out of mind. it is supposed to happen that way. the law is there, more or less invisible to non-lawyers, but it only becomes visible when things go wrong. y our everyday lives are typically enmeshed by legal rules, most of them concerning “commercial” transactions in the widest sense. that is the area of law that most of us will find prevalent in our everyday lives. everything else, taxes, criminal law, etc., is not nearly as prevalent.
side note: a lot of areas are also explicitly not regulated by the law. “social interations”, for example: if you invite someone for dinner, and then let them stand outside in the rain,you will typically not suffer legal consequences (i.e. you will not have breeched a “contract”), but you will suffer purely social consequences (chances are, whoever you invited will not want to see you again).


			this entry was posted in my blog on october 23, 2023 by christine sims.								




why are laws important



there are many important reasons why laws are important. laws keep people safe, keep order in society, and protect the rights of individuals. without laws, life would be chaotic and there would be no way to settle disputes or disagreements. it’s important that all people understand the basics of law so that they can abide by it and contribute to a peaceful society.
contents  show 
we have laws in place to help us live together peacefully, safely, and happily
here are some examples of how laws help us:

laws help us live together peacefully: laws help avoid conflict by clearly stating what’s right and wrong. laws can also help settle disputes when conflicts arise.
laws protect us: laws protect our individual and collective freedoms and ensure that we live in a safe, free, and democratic society. they also protect us from others who might try to harm us or otherwise take unfair advantage of us.
laws keep us safe: for example, rules such as speed limits and traffic signs on the roads make sure we drive safely. they keep pedestrians safe by making sure cars stop at crosswalks.
laws regulate how animals should be treated to protect them from abuse or neglect.
laws enable us to live happily together: without police, fire departments and hospitals, without public places like parks and libraries, without an education system or other support systems in our community, life would be very difficult – and not very happy!

laws can protect people
laws are there to protect people from harm, whether that harm comes from other people, a government or a corporation, or even from themselves.
it’s not uncommon for people to try to hurt themselves and others. laws can help prevent this by setting rules for things that could be harmful.
for example, there’s a law that says you can’t drive a car while under the influence of alcohol. this law helps keep people safe because it prevents dangerous behavior and prevents accidents caused by drunk drivers.
if a driver breaks the law and drives drunk, they may have to pay money for breaking the law. there’s also the risk that the driver will injure themselves or someone else because it’s so dangerous to drive drunk. these consequences help the driver not to do it in the future.
laws exist both formally, when they’re created through legislation, and informally when they’re standards of behavior modeled by society.
laws may exist to:

protect citizens from physical harm (e.g., murder)
protect citizens from harming themselves (e.g., laws regulating drug use)
protect citizens from each other (e.g., laws against theft)
protect citizens from their government (e.g., laws protecting freedom of speech)
protect countries from foreign threats (e.g., counter-terrorism law)
protect a business via business law

stable society
without laws, it would be impossible to have a stable society where people could trust others to do the right thing.
since laws are there to protect our freedoms and provide order within a nation or community, it’s important that they be followed.
if we didn’t have laws to protect us from harm by ensuring that crimes such as murder or assault didn’t go unpunished, anyone could kill another at any time without fear of consequences for their actions. there would no longer be a sense of safety in society because there would be nothing to stop people from hurting each other.
that’s why it’s important that we’ve laws that punish those who commit crimes against others, so as not to create an environment in which crime can flourish. we also need laws to enforce property rights and ensure that everyone has access to the resources they need to survive or succeed.
laws can even out unfair advantages
in most cases, laws serve to ensure that all people are treated fairly – that minorities aren’t discriminated against on the basis of race, gender, sexuality, political views, or physical or mental status.
laws also ensure that people have equal opportunities in education and employment. this includes ensuring that people with disabilities have access to services so that they don’t face additional barriers simply because they have a different disability. in the us, the individuals with disabilities education act ensures that students with a disability are provided a free public education tailored to their individual needs.
for example, it’s important to ensure that all public buildings have wheelchair-accessible entrances and restrooms.
laws can also help ensure that everyone gets a fair trial if they’re accused of a crime. everyone has the right to know what he or she’s accused of and why (this is called due process).
everyone is treated the same way
laws create a sense of fairness by ensuring that everyone is treated equally before the law. that’s, even if a law doesn’t seem fair to one person, it still applies to that person because it applies to everyone else. laws can be changed to be more fair and just.
no one should be above or outside the law. in that way, laws promote a sense of equality – that everyone should be treated equally regardless of his or her gender, sexuality, race, ethnicity, color, or background.
laws provide structure for society
laws give structure to society. they’re a set of rules that we all must follow. these rules help us achieve stability and create a system that works and is just.
laws are needed to show people what’s acceptable in society, its norms, such as not killing or stealing from your neighbor. without laws, there would be chaos! that would mean that no one could live together safely and fairly.
a country with many laws may seem restrictive, but that’s actually a good thing because it gives people the freedom to live their lives without fear of violent crime.
some may say that laws don’t prevent crime, but if everyone knew there were no consequences, crime rates would increase dramatically!

many crimes are committed in haste and when the criminal knows there will be no repercussions to their crime, they are likely to commit the crime again or possibly even commit more dangerous crimes because they will not be afraid or concerned about being caught or punished for their crimes when there are no consequences for their actions.
having laws in place that punish criminals for their actions helps keep crime to a minimum and prevents criminals from committing more serious acts of violence against others because they feel that they can get away with it.

laws are a force that can be used to create social change
laws are a tool that can be used for social change, and protect valuable civil rights.
here’s an example of a law in the united states that was used for social change:
in the past, it was difficult for women to vote because the united states constitution didn’t include them as voters. women fought for their right to vote and then congress passed a law (the 19th amendment) in 1919 that guaranteed them that right.
the 19th amendment states, “the right of citizens of the united states to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the united states or by any state on account of sex.” this is an example of how laws can be used to help people achieve and ratify social change.
if a law is broken, there will be consequences
everyone is expected to behave in such a way as to uphold the law. if a person violates a law, they face punishment, which may include fines or imprisonment. they may also be subject to a court order, such as an educational order or a probation order.
if someone breaks criminal law, he or she’ll be arrested and taken to court, where he or she’ll be sentenced by a judge. if he or she’s found guilty, the judge imposes a sentence, such as a fine or jail time (also called “imprisonment”).
in civil law cases, an order to desist might be issued.
if someone breaks the law and you want him or her to stop, you can report him or her to the police or another responsible authority (such as your community).
making reports on behalf of others is called “whistleblowing.”
laws provide a framework for society to function and interact with each other peacefully
laws provide a framework for the functioning of society and peaceful interaction.
for example, laws prevent someone from murdering another person or stealing their property; they require drivers to obey traffic laws, such as stopping at stop signs and not speeding on highways.
the law requires employers not to discriminate against job applicants on the basis of race, gender or age. it also ensures that consumers aren’t ripped off when buying products such as food or clothing in stores by requiring them to list accurate prices for items sold in their stores (or online).
laws are an important part of protecting human rights
human rights are fundamental. they come before the laws of any country. human rights include the right to life, to education, to work and to justice.
the united nations universal declaration of human rights provides a list of human rights. these rights apply to all people regardless of gender, age, race or ethnicity. they aim to ensure that everyone has an equal chance of living and prospering in society.
laws can be changed to reflect the changing needs of society, which is why they are so important
it’s no secret that the world around us is in constant flux. the needs, desires, and changing beliefs of individuals and groups are constantly evolving, and as a result, laws must be changed to reflect these new priorities.
laws that don’t change with society can be harmful.
that’s why it’s important for legislators to keep an eye on the various changes in their communities and respond with the necessary legislative action. this might mean updating a specific law or drafting a new one that better reflects societal values.
so, by all means, if a friend of yours expresses his or her strong opinion against any type of law change, just gently explain to him or her that laws are important and necessary and that some changes are necessary from time to time as society evolves and changes.
what is the difference between rules and laws and why are you important?
laws are made by governments and enforced by the police. they apply to everyone within the country’s borders.
rules and regulations are made by individuals or groups of people (such as teachers or parents) and also enforced by them. these rules can apply to a school, a family, a workplace, and so on.
a rule could say that students cannot have pets in the classroom, but a rule only applies to students in the classroom and not to teachers and other students outside the classroom.
rules are an important way to give children a sense of structure and to ensure that everyone is treated fairly and respectfully. without rules to follow, children might feel out of control and act out in self-destructive ways or try to take charge of the situation by bending the rules in their favor.
by making rules clear to everyone and sticking to them consistently, schools provide a safe environment where students can learn and cooperate with each other while also developing important life skills like problem-solving and decision-making.
where do laws come from?
laws are created by many different bodies and organizations in many different ways, depending on what type of law it’s.
federal law (national law), for example, comes from:

congress: federal statutes are usually enacted through bills passed by both houses of congress (the senate and the house of representatives) and then signed by the president. if the president vetoes a bill, congress can override the veto with a two-thirds vote.
state legislatures: some states may pass state statutes that contradict federal legislation – for example, laws that legalize marijuana for recreational purposes even though it’s illegal at the federal level. this creates tension between states and the federal government over how to enforce these laws, often leading to litigation in court.
local governments: these local governments include cities, counties, townships, special districts such as school boards or transit authorities, and other local governments (e.g., indian tribes) that have the right to self-government. local governments enact laws, called ordinances, which can regulate issues such as land use and zoning regulations.

international law
laws are also enacted by international organizations, such as treaties negotiated between the united states (and other countries) at summits to address climate change, and international treaties signed by several countries to protect or promote common interests.
federal regulations are also issued through executive orders of the president. however, unlike executive orders dealing with national security issues or defense matters involving wartime military operations (which cannot be rescinded), they can be revoked by a subsequent presidential administration.
state and local laws originate from a variety of sources, such as the state legislature, county courts, municipalities, police departments, and other government agencies that make regulations for their jurisdictions.
common law
common law is established by precedent. that means that a judge must rely on previous court decisions – case law – to reach a conclusion in a case. the judge cannot craft his own verdict based on personal preference or feelings about what the law should be in a case because his decision must be consistent with previously decided cases. judges also cannot overturn laws “on principle” or “on the spot” to create a new result because the law is already established.
the supreme court of the united states also reviews laws passed by state legislatures for consistency with the federal constitution’s bill of rights and the laws enacted by congress. it may declare a law to be unconstitutional and order its removal from the statute books if it violates the federal constitution. the supreme court functions as a court of last resort.
other countries have similar sources of law as the united states, although some have separate systems of civil law and common law.
without law, what would we have?

chaos: you should look both ways before crossing the street because no one else will!
no rules: there’s no code of conduct, so anything goes.
no rights: with no laws to protect you, you’re lucky to make it if different from everyone else.
no justice: if the jury doesn’t know if the law has even been broken, there’s no justice to be had.
no order: get ready for anarchy – nothing stops us from doing what we want!
no protection: there’s no one to watch over us or ensure our safety, so beware of robbers and thieves.
no freedom: without laws to guide us and provide justice, we’re limited in our lives.

in short, without laws and a legal framework in society, we’d have chaos, anarchy … and absolutely no rights, no civil society.


			this entry was posted in my blog on september 22, 2023 by christine sims.								


post navigation
← older posts







search for:



categories

my blog

uncategorized




recent posts


get to know about importance of paralegal services


what does a paralegal do? 7 insights that aren’t in the job description


10 reasons why human rights are important


seven types of laws


what are the different types of law


 




				proudly powered by wordpress			











