



national resource center for paraeducators – resources and helps for paraeducators























































skip to content 





 




menu 
home
training
conferences
nrcp blog
library
national intervener credentialing
related service providers
our storefront
 








welcome to the national resource center for paraeducators, related service providers, & interveners!


mark your calendars!


37th national nrcp virtual conference!!
february 21-23, 2025
paraeducators: where the magic happens!!
register today! 
visit our blog for a review of our 36th national virtual conference!


saturday mornings with the nrcp 2024-25
join us beginning august 2024 on the 2nd saturday of each month for a new round of 2024-25 saturday mornings with the nrcp webinars!
registration is open!
visit the training tab at the top to read more details and session topics!



the nrcp goals are to:

bring together employers, personnel developers, unions, professional organizations, paraeducators, related service providers, interveners, family members and other advocates for improving services for all children and youth to develop systems and personnel practices that will encourage skilled professionals to remain in the field and, if desired, to pursue future teaching careers.
provide training and resources to paraeducators; teachers; related service providers; interveners; policymakers and administrators; other education professionals; occupational, physical and speech-language therapists; early childhood specialists; personnel developers in colleges and universities; and other stakeholders to improve outcomes for all students.

want to know more? check out our about page.


browse posts by categories:
 about us

conference

information

news

other

outdated

para-spotlight



subscribe to our free newsletter! join our mailing list to see news about events, helpful information, and more!
email (required) *select list(s) to subscribe togeneral interest example: yes, i would like to receive emails from national resource center for paraeducators. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: national resource center for paraeducators. you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact



or check out our most recent posts:
36th national virtual nrcp conferencejune 20, 2024this year the nrcp had the privilege to coordinate and host the 36th national virtual nrcp conference. this is the only national conference fully dedicated to paraeducators and those who support the work of paraeducators. we would like to say thank you to our attendees (you), our presenters, the planning committee and support team! everyone … read more
council for exceptional children (cec)august 31, 2023the council for exceptional children (cec) is the largest international professional organization dedicated to improving the success of children and youth with disabilities and/or gifts and talents. cec advocates for appropriate governmental policies, sets professional standards, provides professional development, and helps professionals obtain conditions and resources necessary for effective professional practice. cec is known as … read more
exciting training opportunity! paraeducator behavior modulesjanuary 11, 2023we are excited to announce that paraeducator behavior modules have been developed and released! these modules are based on the training held in june 2021. read more here about that training. these modules are open for registration and purchase, more information can be found here. we hope that you will all take advantage of this … read more
first quarter review of saturday mornings with the nrcpdecember 1, 2022in august 2022 we kicked off “saturday mornings with the nrcp,” a low-cost monthly webinar training opportunity. since that time, we have held 4 of 12 webinars with great success. how do we measure the success of our webinars? participants are asked to complete an evaluation form at the end of each webinar.  once submitted … read more
how to submit a spotlight to the nrcpjune 9, 2022do you know an awesome paraeducator, related service provider, teacher aide, intervener, etc.? we would love to highlight their accomplishments in our newsletters, website and social medias! to submit a spotlight article please see the following parameters and send the spotlight to us via email to laura.lema@usu.edu. spotlight parameters: • an intro of who the … read more
utah paraeducator behavior summit (u-pbs)june 1, 2022achieving your school’s learning mission during these uncharted times requires a lot of things to go right. all too often, what frequently goes wrong is student behavior. instructional teams report significant loss of learning due to students challenging behaviors. increasingly, paraeducators are assisting teachers in supporting the behavior of individual students so they can learn. … read more
2021-22 regional conference leadership meetings summarymarch 28, 2022the 2021-22 nrcp leadership meetings were held prior to each of the nrcp regional conferences and were open to national/state paraeducator leaders. such leaders are people who are engaged in activities to promote paraeducator leadership at a variety of levels within their respective school districts, states, or countries. for example: state staff. state or regional … read more
thank you to our fabulous conference sponsor–the iris center!february 24, 2022free online professional development with the iris center you’ve probably got a lot on your mind right now. maybe your school is open for face-to-face learning, maybe it’s operating virtually, or perhaps moving back and forth between the two. a few of your students have been acting out recently, and you’ve been asked to collect … read more
2021-22 regional conferences summaryfebruary 22, 2022in october of 2021, 225 participants from 16 states registered for our western regional conference.  the central regional conference, held in december 2021, attracted 63 registrants from 10 states.  our nrcp eastern regional conference had 134 participants from 20 states, including bermuda.   in total, 421 participants from 33 states across the nation registered for … read more
amazing feedback from the eastern regional conference!january 31, 2022our third regional conference was held january 12-13th. there were over 130 participants registered from over 20 states including bermuda, california and kentucky. this conference was held in the eastern time zone in the evening hours. here is some of the amazing feedback we received when participants were asked “what they enjoyed most” about day … read more
 











find us on….facebook
twitter
youtube
slideshare
 



nrcp linkscontact
about us
faq
who we are
 






© 2025 national resource center for paraeducators • built with generatepress 














