






goodlife games clearwater




































the good life games 









homeeventsresultsevent photosnew member sign upreturning member logincontact usvolunteer

































                no images    






                you are here:  
            
home 





        welcome to good life games 2025, the premier senior games events in pinellas county, florida.     









welcome letter from the executive director
good life games of pinellas county
welcome to the good life games 2025 and thank you for your support! we would also like to thank our venue sponsors, volunteers, event directors, and staff. please be mindful that the glg is a nonprofit 501c3 organization, and all the people that make these games go are all volunteers, whose goal is to help you enjoy your experience. our volunteers make these games possible. these games are about promoting senior fitness.
what is new in 2025? we are rebuilding the games post covid. in addition to swimming, pickleball, and golf, we have added four new sports. see our schedule below as we have a number of great venues lined up. you can visit our website at https://goodlifegames.com for more details and be sure to check registration deadlines. you can be a multi-sport athlete!
                  2025 good life games schedule
*swimming  january 11  long center, clearwater*pickleball   january 27-30   long center & north greenwood recreation center *bowling   february 5   maple lanes countryside, clearwater                     *archery   february 12   wyoming antelope club, clearwater           *bag toss   march 15   safety harbor recreation center, safety harbor *basketball   march 15   safety harbor recreation center, safety harbor        *golf    april 22   innisbrook golf resort, palm harbor
also new for 2025, are medals and t-shirts. the medal was designed with specific symbols celebrating the nature of the games and florida. the spiritual significance of the seagull represents fearlessness, perseverance, and freedom. the sand dollar represents rebirth, renewal, and transformation while the starfish represents good luck, love, and blessings. all are captured in a setting sun with ribbons complementing the medal colors.
please bring your protein and beverage for refueling and hydration and join us for camaraderie, fun, and friendly competition. share with your family and friends. we look forward to seeing you. it’s time to get your game on!
best to all,
michael r smith
the good life games (glg) is an all-volunteer, non-profit 501c3 corporation. we are dedicated to qualifying seniors to participate in the florida senior games, where they can qualify for the florida state and national senior games. we partner with businesses and cities in pinellas county to provide venues and volunteers.
our annual competitions typically take place in february, march, and april. the good life games currently offer three sports: golf, pickleball, and swimming. ** four new sports will be added for 2025! to be announced in 2025 the glg will introduce four new sports; bowling, basketball, archery, and bag toss! ** please check back for updates. the florida state and national senior games feature similar sports as well as non-ambulatory games such as bowling, cornhole, and shuffleboard.
to make these games a success, we rely on the support of recreation centers, sports clubs, coaches, trainers, and athletes who step forward and become good life games event directors.
in addition to the existing events, we are actively seeking event directors for swimming, bowling, basketball, corn hole (bag toss) archery, and shuffleboard. if you have a passion for any of these activities and/or would like to contribute to our event, we would love to have you join our team.
we are also seeking sponsors who are interested in marketing to active seniors. if you are interested in supporting our cause and reaching this vibrant demographic, we would be thrilled to discuss sponsorship opportunities with you.
lastly, we seek dedicated leaders to join our board of directors. if you are interested in an active senior community and willing to contribute your expertise, we invite you to join the good life games. specifically for 2024/2025, we would like to add a marketing and advertising board member.
thank you for visiting the good life games and to those who participated in 2024! together, let us make 2025 a year to remember!







                    the good life games                
good life games of pinellas county and twenty other regional florida senior games create a series of year-round competitive events, for athletes age 50 and over, culminating at the annual florida senior games state championships that are held each year in december.
the twenty-one regional competitions begin in january and occur throughout florida except for may, june, july, august, and december. to participate in qualifying state events participation in one of the twenty-one regional events is required. open events do not require qualifying at a regional site. all twenty-one of the regional competitions are sanctioned by the florida sports foundation, the official sports organization for the state of florida, to qualify participants for state-level competition. the florida sports foundation (fsf) and the florida senior games state championships are members of the national senior games association (nsga).

national senior games are held throughout the country on a rotating bases every two years in the odd-numbered years for the qualifiers in the state games in the even-numbered years. the national senior games offers competition in eighteen sports. participating athletes must be fifty years old or older and must qualify in an nsga-sanctioned state senior games in order to compete. the top state finishers in the odd-numbered years do not advance to the national games.

the florida sports foundation defines a "limited" event as one in which an athlete may not find suitable opportunities for qualification at a florida local senior games qualifier. softball and volleyball are considered "limited" events. in order to qualify in a "limited" event, one must register for that event at a sanctioned florida local senior games qualifier. if competition is not available, an athlete may request to be included as qualified by that florida local senior games qualifier for which they registered.
good life games is a 501c3 organization
"a copy of the official registration and financial information may be obtained from the division of consumer services by calling toll-free within the state. registration does not imply endorsement, approval, or recommendation by the state." 1-800-help-fla (435-7352)
© 2024 good life games








upcoming events 




mar
15




		                        basketball shooting                            



                                    safety harbor rec center                                

price: $20.00 




mar
15




		                        bag toss (singles)                            



                                    safety harbor rec center                                

price: $20.00 




apr
22




		                        golf                             



                                    innisbrook resort and golf club                                

price: $90.00 





login form 


use this form if you have already registered on this website either in 2023 or 2024





username








password


show password







                        remember me                    



log in




                    forgot your password?



                    forgot your username?





 







