





yaang come village hotel chiang mai | thailand | book now















































































info@yaangcome.com+66 5323 7222 



english


繁體中文


ไทย




 








 



book now


home
promotions
accommodations
gallery
facilities

meeting room


restaurant
events
blog
contact us
 


























book a room













how many adults?
123456














yaang come village hotel in chiang mai, thailand welcomes our visitors with a warm greeting and first class service.

all of our rooms and suites have a decor which has been carefully crafted by local artisans.
our boutique chiang mai hotel accommodation is equipped with travel comforts and modern amenities such as wi-fi, satellite tv, and tea/coffee.
to cater for the needs of business and leisure visitors alike, 
we have a saltwater pool, restaurant, meeting room and library within the yaang come village hotel’s premises.
the hotel’s location offers a quiet retreat despite being a mere 7-minute drive from chiang mai airport 
and less than 100 meters from the busy sridonchai road and chiangmai night bazaar. 
our convenient location, attention to detail, 
and faithful representation of the tai lue homes makes yaang come village hotel the perfect place for a relaxing holiday in thailand.

there is not any packages

			

accommodation 







superior room
all of our superior rooms are 38 square meters in size, and contain either a king size or twin bed for maximum comfort. each room contains a bathroom with a shower, hot and cold running water, and a private balcony. 
details






deluxe room
all of our deluxe rooms are 46 square meters in size, and contain either a king size or twin bed for maximum comfort. each room contains a bathroom with both a shower and bathtub, hot and cold running water, and a private balcony.
details






family room
the largest room available is our family room, which is 66 square meters in size. this includes a king size bed and twin beds which are separated by in-room doors for maximum privacy. 
details






junior suite room
for our guests who require more space, we have a junior suite room which is 60 square meters in size. this room contains a king size bed and a living room, a private balcony and a bathroom with a shower. 
details






yaang come village gallery 



filters

overallinteriorsuperior roomdeluxe roomfamily roomjunior suite room























































































































































































more... 


reserve your room with yaang come village today!
book now







yaang come village newsletter

receive updates for our special promotions







yaang come village awards 



 

90/3 sridonchai rd. t.changklan, a. muang, chiangmai, thailand. 50100
66 5323 7222
info@yaangcome.com







 




home
promotions
accommodations
gallery
restaurant
events
contact us


				© yaang come village. all rights reserved.
website design by ace marketing solutions
















