



taping drywall - step by step instructions - how to tape drywall









 drywall taping & finishing for the do-it-yourselfer


 menu
home page
questions? email me!
tools you will need
cut and install drywall
taping recessed joints watch the video!
taping non-recessed joints - watch the video!
taping inside corners
outside drywall corners
repair large drywall holes 
easy video instructions!
repairing doorknob holes
how to retape cracks
cracks at window corners
wide angle drywall taping
building drywall arches
previous bad drywall job?
bathroom mold on drywall
how to apply texture
repair textured drywall
more drywall tutorials
new products & methods





      this site on how to drywall is for the beginner.  
      the methods involve more steps than what a professional would probably use 
      and the higher-moisture compound i suggest is not what pro's would 
      recommend but here's the good news:  the 
      methods on this site are easy to master, involve no sanding (except 
      minimal sanding at the end), and the results are professional in quality!this site is for the beginner that wishes to redo a room, make a repair, 
      or finish an addition and doesn't have the money on hand to pay a pro.  
      the instructions given on this site assume you know nothing about 
      finishing drywall. there are plenty of pictures and the steps are broken 
      down to include all the subtle (but essential) details. i would, however, 
      recommend that if you need to drywall an entire home or finish high 
      ceilings, you should employ a professional. your best bet to find a good local 
      professional drywall contractor is to seek referrals from friends.



  our website is made possible by displaying online advertisements to our visitors.
  please consider supporting us by disabling your ad blocker for this site.




on this site you will find all kinds of tutorials and videos to show you how to tape and finish drywall. the menu on the left will lead you to those pages. also, there are drywall repair tutorials - who doesn't need to repair their drywall! in addition, there are pages on different varieties of drywall, 
      dust control, 
      drywall faq's, repairing basement water 
      damage, removing black mold in a bathroom, constructing plumbing access panels, and
      other information related to drywall.in response to numerous requests for a video series of a complete 
      job, a 10-part video series has been created featuring a drywall repair of 
      a large hole. click here for 10-part 
      video series of drywall repair! this includes taping, finishing, and 
      painting. read how this site has helped many with their  projects on our comments page. 
i think my biggest error when i initially tried to tape 
      drywall was thinking that taping and finishing drywall is something you do 
      on a single day off or weekend.  i tried to do the job all at once.  
      in reality, taping drywall (and finishing drywall) is something you do in 
      somewhat shorter steps, spanning 3 or 4 days or more.  your first 
      step in doing this right is obtaining the patience needed.  get 
      patience and learn a few basics and you may surprise yourself with the 
      quality of your work. my techniques involve more steps than what many 
      people will recommend - my methods, however, produce nice results for the 
      beginner.
as with any new skill, you should practice a little.  
      do a small job in a closet, garage, basement, or other out of view spot 
      before tearing into your living room.
happy drywalling!
michael sakowski, phd (practicing home 
      drywaller)

check out our partner site: naturalhandyman! also check out our new site rta kitchen cabinets info !
click ctrl d to bookmark 
      this page! tell your friends! click on the share button =>





need help on your 
      project?  comments?  drop me a line -
      click here for email info
want to share your experiences or 
      successes? be part of the projects page!

read about how i am 
      teaching kids how to tape drywall in 4h!. also, 
      take a look at our
      community 
    woodworking shop. 
drywall news and new drywalling products & methods blog
latest posts:
inside drywall corners made easy! 
    - how to do inside drywall corners.
8 ft or 12 ft drywall sheets? 
           - this article discusses the advantages and disadvantages of using 12-ft long drywall hung horizontally.
studthud â® magnetic stud finder review 
           - i was pleasantly surprised by this innovative studfinder!
wallboarder's buddy drywall cutting tool review 
           - this tool measures and cuts drywall in a hurry!
strait flex wide angle tape review 
           - a friend of mine tried the strait flex original tape on his odd angle log cabin walls
strait flex crack repair tape 
           - a new drywall tape i tried is 10x stronger than paper tape!
hercules hooks strength tests 
           - read about my ongoing strength tests, now in month 3!
          
links to more 
      home repair and home related sites - click here

new! "how to" center 
      and home repair news 
      stories
how to level the ground for an easy set pool!
is your home
      hot inside? check out
      this attic gable vents installation 
      guide. is it cold inside? - make your own diy 
      plastic storm windows.
to find used 
      drywall panel lifts and a used drywall lift for sale go to this link.
 
how to drywall - how to 
      tape drywall - drywall repair - drywall installation - drywall finishing


     drywallinfo is a member of  the "a handyman is good to find" web ring!

click ctrl d to bookmark 
      this page! tell your friends! click on the share button =>











search drywallinfo using search box above!

copyright 2014 - michael sakowski -
      more info  -
      privacy policy  
      - decorative wall art












