









home | www.free-minds.org





      skip to main content
    











qur'andiscoverarticlesrecent newsbookspeopleinteractforumlinksrecent pollactprojectsconferencescharter



aren





god alone
this website invites all people of various beliefs (sunni, shia, christian, jewish, buddhist, hindu, bahai, agnostic, humanist, and even atheists) to come and examine for themselves the system of submission/islam which is based on god alone

 


go_to_section



















 





 





 





 





 





 













for people who are ready to allow god into their lives




this website has been created for all people who have a desire to allow god into their lives and follow his path alone.
many of you may outwardly be content with your current faith or that which you inherited from your parents and community...but to some out there, there will always be a tugging at the back of their mind that 'there is something more', and that 'some things don't always make sense'...
if you are one of those people, then open your eyes, put on your thinking cap, and welcome to an open examination of the system of submission/islam which very few know about...


read more about for people who are ready to allow god into their lives 













we are pleased to invite you to download the first ever translation of the qur'an that is written purely on the basis of the original arabic text - with no footnotes, and no opinions inserted by the translator - it is truly a "monotheist translation" for those who are seeking god alone.
















and they said the almighty has taken a son! you have come with a gross blasphemy. the heavens are about to shatter from it, and the earth crack open, and the mountains fall and crumble. that they claimed that the almighty had a son! and what need does the almighty have to take a son? when all there is in the heavens and the earth will come to the almighty as servants.
qur'an 19:88-93




and from among the people are those who say: "we believe in god," but if he is harmed in the sake of god, he equates the persecution inflicted by the people with the punishment of god! and if a victory comes from your lord, he says: "we were with you!" is god not fully aware of what is in the chests of the worlds?
qur'an 29:10




and most of the people, even if you are diligent, will not believe. 
qur'an 12:103




and judge between them by what god has sent down, and do not follow their desires, and beware lest they divert you away from some of what god has sent down to you. if they turn away, then know that god wants to inflict them with some of their sins; and many of the people are wicked.
qur'an 5:49




"shall i seek other than god as a judge when he has sent down to you the book fully detailed?" those to whom we have given the book know it is sent down from your lord with the truth; so do not be of those who have doubt.
qur'an 6:114




as for those who rejected, neither their money nor their children will avail them anything from god. they are the fuel of the fire.
qur'an 3:10





...o people of the book, let us come to a common understanding between us and between you; that 1) we serve none except god, and 2) that we do not set up anything with him, and 3) that none of us takes each other as patrons besides god...
qur'an 3:64











featured articles




 
history / archeologywhere is bakka?“the first sanctuary established for the people is the one in bakka, blessed, and a guidance for the worlds.” (qur’an 3:96)

according to mainstream muslim scholars, bakka is simply an ancient name for mecca—the most holy city of islam, and the fact that god can use different names for the same place is not unusual—open and shut case!read more
 
sciencegog & magog"and they ask you about the two horned one, say: 'i will recite to you a remembrance of him. we had facilitated for him in the land, and we had given him the means to all things. so he followed the means.'" (18:83-85) in chapter 18 of the quran we come across the story of a mysterious powerful individual known as "dhul qarnain"...read more
 
messengers & prophets“obey the messenger” or “obey the prophet”?“and obey god and the messenger so that you may obtain mercy.” (qur’an 3:132)

we have all read the above verse and many like it which command the people to “obey god and obey the messenger,” but how many people have noticed that the commands always use “messenger” and never “prophet”? read more







social news


 


answering the doubters of the qur'an


in browsing through a number of islamicly affiliated sites, i came across one that has a “combat kit to use against the ‘quran only’ muslims” as its title. the views such paper represents is not uncommon amongst the hadith followers who can never be satisfied with the concept of worshipping god alone...


read more


 


death penalty sought for saudi quranic scholar


in october 2018, the kingdom of saudi arabia began its prosecution of the prominent islamic researcher, sheikh hassan al-maliki, in the specialized criminal court in riyadh, which was specially established in january 2009 to handle cases of terrorism and national security.


read more


 


queen rania


a message from her majesty queen rania to arab times:

god, the most gracious, most merciful, insists on making his religion easy, practical and enjoyable for his true believers. god also told us that those who reject him or his books are making life miserable for themselves and for their loved ones who follow in their footsteps.


read more















publications






previous


pause


next







 
the natural republic: reclaiming islam from within


 
the qur'an: a monotheist translation 


 
the message: a translation of the glorious qur'an




 
wife beating in islam? the quran strikes back!


 
test your quranic knowledge


 
peacemaker's guide to warmongers




 
nineteen


 
minifesto for islamic reform


 
exploring islam in a new light: an understanding from the quranic perspective




 
quran: a reformist translation














secondary menu


about us


mission statement




aren


free@free-minds.org










