








our story - reader to reader















































toggle navigation






our story

our team


programs

donations
literacy


support us
 





skip to content




reader to reader 


our story

our team


programs

donations
literacy


support us
 





search for:




 



 




toggle sidebar & navigation












global literacy in action



		donate now	




 

scroll down to content







our story


since 2001, reader to reader has donated millions of books, computers, and classroom resources to schools, libraries and community organizations.

mission
reader to reader, inc. is a 501(c)(3) organization dedicated to expanding literacy and learning opportunities for the nation’s most chronically underserved and vulnerable communities, including inner-city schools, native american reservations, and rural public libraries.







“reader to reader is such a simple idea and such a farsighted one – provide books for students of all ages who don’t have them. i can’t think of a worthier endeavor or one that will have a more profound effect.”
— norton juster, authorthe phantom tollbooth


“bringing books and readers together is, in my opinion, holy work. reader to reader does such work quietly and effectively. thank you.”
— julius lester, authornewbury honor medal & coretta scott king award winner






a special thank you to
w. w. norton & companyamherst collegecarnegie corporation of new yorkthe hiatt familythe posel foundationthe irene e. & george a. davis foundationthe amelia peabody foundationbank of americabarnes & noble booksellersflorence savings bank charitable foundationthe xeric foundationfollett educational services, inc.mo willemsjane yolenscholastic book fairstres chicas foundationfordham street foundationbeveridge family foundationthe posel foundationpritchard family foundationfranklin philanthropic foundationcommunity foundation of western massachusettselkes foundationrowman & littlefield publishing groupjumping cow pressthe willow tree fundthe clorox company











 


instagram
mail
facebook
 



 






				powered by wordpress			


			inspiro wordpress theme by wpzoom














