



surroundings art gallery (center sandwich, nh) - original  new hampshire landscape paintings 























 





















 






























































  











love it now!  love it forever!     art can make it happen























12 main streetcenter sandwich, nhfall  hours
by appointment only  


















news flash:   
the gallery is now open by appointment only.  call 603-476-5942 or email info@surroundingsart.com to make an appointment.
surroundings will be closing permanently at the end of the year.  after 40 years of operation, we are saddened that this has to happen.  we appreciate and thank all of those who have purchased art at surroundings over these past 40 years.  in the meantime, you can still purchase paintings from those artists listed on the “art and artist” page.  we also have an “oldie but goodie” fall sale going on with items on the “fall sale” page.
















hay bales in my field
14x26 - $1700 (sale price - $1275)
ted nichols















surroundings specializes in original fine art produced by extremely talented locally connected artists.  you will see works in a variety of mediums (oil, watercolor. pastels, acrylics, glass, wood, etc.).  most of the subject matter is landscape oriented in a representational style.  we also have beautiful wood carvings and folk art.  you can take a tour of the artists’ work  on the “art and artists” pages














please contact us via email (click here) or phone (603-476-5942) if you have any questions or desire any of the art the gallery has to offer. 
















want to get information about gallery events and artists?  simply click on the go button below and fill out the form.  



























 

















join the surroundings mailing list






email: 














for email marketing you can trust

 













 
 









© copyright 2006-2019 surroundings art gallery, llc










