

  








o'hara township, pa |















































skip to main content








 

home




            keywords          







 


 


 



homeboardstownship council civil service commission	civil service rules & regulationsparks & recreation commissionpark informationparks faqplanning commissionstormwater codesubdivision and land development ordinance and applicationsuniform construction code board of appealszoning hearing boardzoning code, zoning map and zoning hearing board applicationfox chapel authority board (water)departmentsadministration2025 proposed operating and captial budgetact 44 pension disclosureannual comprehensive financial reportassessments & property salesforms & applications - frequently requestedhome rule charterpennsylvania act 13 puc reporttax formstax informationtownship code - ecode360trail feasibility studybuilding official/code enforcementbuilding codebuilding permits  code enforcementpermits & services feesswimming pool requirementscommunity developmentdocuments & formsgood neighbor remindersplan for our future - final editionpool rulesrecreational firestree cutting on your propertyfire & emsdisplay of building / house numberfire regionalization study (powerpoint)fire safetyget involved and volunteer!locations - fire departments & emspublic fire protection studyhuman servicespolice departmentanimal controlcivil service rules & regulationscrime victims' notificationidentity theft informationsoliciting and canvassingvacation checkspublic service2025 residential trash / recycling / bulk item collection holidays2025 wm trash / recycling / bulk item / yard waste collection calendarbrush collectionforms & documentshow do i dispose of . . .?leaf collectionroadssanitary sewer servicessanitary sewer usage rates & connect feessnow removalstormwater informationtrash / recycling / bulk collectiontrash / recycling / hazardous waste faqwaste management yard waste collectiontownship managerabout the township managerstay connected!how do i?businessesdraftshome rule charterschools 
































































 













minutes & agendas
documents & forms
community
contact us
newsletters
stormwater

 







news & notices
stay connected!
leaf collection






 

 
 
 active shooter community educational night » 
        what:understand the topic of active shootercollect free resources to imporve safetymeet with your local policewhen: ...   

 

 
 
 cookies, cocoa and a movie with the cops » 
        cookies & cocoa with the copsthe township of o’hara council would like to invite residents to a fun evening of...   

 

 
 
 congratulations to new township police officers » 
        congratulations to deputy superintendent patrick goodman, officer nickalas hawk and officer carson cornish who were...   



    view all  

 







 


the township of o'hara is committed to keeping residents informed of important community information using the latest technology.  fill out our contact form for any other questions.become a facebook fan of the township of o'hara!visit our new facebook page to keep informed of local events and news.follow the township of o'hara on x today!receive instant updates by adding twp_of_ohara to your list.the callfire system will allow the township to call you at home, work or on your cell phone when a major issue or situation that effects our residents arises. fill out the contact form to sign up for this service.











 


fall 2024 leaf collectionfall leaf collection began on monday, october 14 and is now complete.  any leaves placed at the curb will not be picked up.as in the past, the east and west sections of the township  have been divided into zones.  this enables the public service department to follow a set collection route and better communicate with the residents as to where leaf collection is currently being conducted, where it has been done and where it will be done next. the township website will be updated daily with this information.       please click here for the latest information on where leaf collection is occurring.residents are reminded that leaves must be placed within four (4') feet of the curb, but not in the street. leaves left in the street can create a safety hazard, especially if it rains or snows. ordinance #1378 provides for fines for those who unlawfully and substantially interfere with, obstruct or render dangerous for use or passage any street, road, sidewalk, river or public way or place.remember that no other debris may be mixed in with the leaves. also, placement of obstacles in front of the leaves may hinder collection. a request is made that cars, trash cans or other objects not block access to the leaves. door hangers will be left at residents home if there is a problem with the collection of leaves. this door hanger will give the reason for the non-collection and give a phone number to call for further collection information.please call the township at 412-784-1784, ext. 203 with any questions or comments regarding the leaf collection program.







 












february



« 

» 










          s        

          m        

          t        

          w        

          t        

          f        

          s        





 


 


 


 


 


 


 1  




 2  


 3zoning hearing board meeting is canceled - no minutes7:00pm  


 4council workshop is canceled 7:00pm  


 5  


 6bulk collection is today(all day)  


 7  


 8  




 9  


 10civil service commission meeting6:00pmplanning commission meeting7:00pm  


 11council combined workshop and regular meeting7:00pm  


 12  


 13  


 14  


 15  




 16  


 17presidents' day - office is closed(all day)  


 18fire funding committee meeting6:00pm  


 19  


 20  


 21  


 22  




 23  


 24  


 25  


 26parks and recreation commission meeting7:00pm  


 27  


 28  


 




 



upcoming events



 presidents' day - office is closed 
 february 17, 2025 (all day)  

 fire funding committee meeting 
 february 18, 2025 - 6:00pm  

 parks and recreation commission meeting 
 february 26, 2025 - 7:00pm  

 zoning hearing board meeting is canceled 
 march 3, 2025 - 7:00pm  

 council workshop 
 march 4, 2025 - 7:00pm  




all upcoming events

 



 

 







325 fox chapel roadpittsburgh, pa 15238p: (412) 782-1400f: (412)782-4530monday - friday, 8:00 am to 4:30 pm 

 for non-website related questions, please contact the appropriate department. 

website disclaimergovernment websites by civicplus®
login 











