






fuse advertising – agency









































fuse advertising








 










menu

 

home
political consulting
messaging & media
work
fuse manifesto
fpm
about
contact





















fuse is an agency of change 




 

































						advertising					


						we redefine how multicultural advertising is created. how it is executed. and above all, how it is
perceived.					














						strategic communications					


						research. demographics. psychographics. market segments. all have their place in advertising. none
have a place in ads. people should look at an ad and see a reflection of themselves. not the reflection
of a model who represent an age and tax bracket.
					














						creative					


						multicultural advertising can achieve the same brand-building results as general market advertising.
but not until clients demand it. if multicultural advertising doesn’t do it’s job, it is because clients don’t
ask for it. money cannot be thrown into a secondary budget with little expectation of a return on their
investment.					











































“there is a difference between speaking to someone in their own language and trying to fake their accent. advertising that targets minorities fails when it attempts to get the attention of a faceless crowd labeled “minority” instead of speaking to people.” 



~fuse manifesto 








































 















an agency of change 



we are a team of hard working, focused individuals who understand the premise of emotionally touching people where they live, work, pray, and play. anyone can create ad. but can they create brand experiences? can they bring brands to life? we believe we do it better than most and have been doing this consistently since 1997. from the beginning, we committed to being smarter and reaching higher. reaching higher in gathering and analyzing research. reaching higher in crafting better strategies. reaching higher to uplift and inspire people. fuse is a full service integrated marketing agency that creates digital, broadcast, print,and experiential marketing programs. we plan and place media. we continue to reach for higher ground with brands that want to plant their flag at the summit. this is who we are and this is what we do. 







 










fuse 



fuse creates advertising that touches the soul.
advertising that builds brands.
advertising that will change the face of minority advertising.
advertising that will change everything. 






twitter
 



linkedin
 










links 














• about










• political consulting










• contact











get in touch 














 
address: 802 n. 1st street, 63102



 
email: office@fuseadvertising.com



 
phone: 1.888.409.2220













• about










 


























