













the university of oklahoma

















skip navigation
the university of oklahoma





































search:





search



toggle navigation









about


admissions


academics


campus life


research


news


athletics









there's only one



about ou


admissions & aid


academics


campus life


research


news


athletics







resources for



current students


prospective students


families & visitors


faculty & staff


alumni & friends







the big picture



visit ou


campus map (pdf)


university libraries


photo galleries


calendar & events


museums







good to know



office of the president


university leadership


colleges & departments


access & opportunity


campus safety
















 








there’s only one









the ou impact









        download impact map (pdf)
      



the university of oklahoma's $2.1 billion enterprise represents one of oklahoma's greatest assets. our impact is changing the lives of all oklahomans, through scholarship, research and more.

30,000+ enrolled students representing 50 states, 76 oklahoma counties, and 125+ countries
1,400+ research awards totaling $386 million
80% of oklahoma’s healthcare professionals are ou graduates
#1 in the country for aviation and atmospheric science & meteorology

download the full impact map to learn more about ou's significant contributions statewide (pdf).



 











there’s greatness ahead of you





there's only one oklahoma










for over 131 years, the university of oklahoma continues to stand apart as a beacon of diverse thinking and unbound exploration. by channeling the strengths of the many, here one is empowered to work in any way, become anything, and arrive anywhere.




 









begin your journey with the ou family today.
apply
learn more





see our beautiful campuses in norman, tulsa and oklahoma city.
visit
learn more


 lead on | the university of oklahoma's campaign for the future
give
learn more














3 campuses
  








    31,000+ students


  

$416.6m research expenditures




170+ academicprograms


 















learn about ok-1 cancer drug




learn about our multi-national first-year class




learn about our championship team













-
                
-
                
-
                




                  endless possibilities

when you merge tremendous effort with humility, then infuse that with a healthy dose of resilience, the potential to make an impact is limitless.











news








research



zhu receives nsf career award to advance cardiac arrhythmia research



february 04, 2025


rui zhu, ph.d., an assistant professor in the school of industrial and systems engineering, has received a national science foundation faculty early career development program award to uncover the mechanisms behind cardiac arrhythmias. 




 read more
zhu receives nsf career award to advance cardiac arrhythmia research










research

february 12, 2025


arctic cyclones could be missing link in sea ice depletion models



					read more 
					read article: arctic cyclones could be missing link in sea ice depletion models






read article: arctic cyclones could be missing link in sea ice depletion models






campus & community

february 11, 2025


university of oklahoma earns upcea award for excellence



					read more 
					read article: university of oklahoma earns upcea award for excellence






read article: university of oklahoma earns upcea award for excellence






campus & community

february 07, 2025


ou football star baker mayfield meets high school team he inspired



					read more 
					read article: ou football star baker mayfield meets high school team he inspired






read article: ou football star baker mayfield meets high school team he inspired








        read more news
      

 









research



the university of oklahoma is a comprehensive research university, located on three campuses in norman, oklahoma city and tulsa. ou is designated by the carnegie foundation as a highest research activity institution, placing it in the highest tier of comprehensive research universities in the nation.







read more








 











125+ countries represented





400+ student organizations


 








campus life & community



with over 400 organizations and events to explore, it’s an unrivaled chance to expand your world. at the university of oklahoma, you have innumerable resources, as well as a shared determination of 30,000 others, to find your calling. our nationally ranked athletics program, while an anchor of the university, is another outstanding facet of a vibrant campus life. 







read more








 








our campuses



woven seamlessly, and proudly, into the essence of oklahoma, each of our campuses are centers of innovation and educational excellence. and what sustains this level of achievement is grit and dogged determination. 











norman

the university of oklahoma in norman is the flagship university and research institution for the state of oklahoma.
















tulsa

the university of oklahoma-tulsa offers a wide range of 30+ undergraduate, master’s, and doctorate level degrees.
















health sciences

the university of oklahoma’s health sciences boasts one of the few comprehensive academic campuses in the nation.
















ou online

ou online offers high-quality, affordable, professional undergraduate and graduate programs that are committed to maintaining excellence in an online format.






































oklahoma


the sooner state is elevated by its populous attitude, where opportunity is supported by a nurturing, spirited, and driven community. in the city of norman, located 30 minutes south of oklahoma city, our flagship university flourishes. it’s a vibrant, progressive college town, merged with a diverse, business-forward culture.



visit norman


explore okc


explore tulsa

















follow us


         
                     
                     
            
































 the university of oklahoma 

          660 parrington oval,
norman, ok 73019-0390
(405) 325-0311
        


         





accessibility
sustainability
hipaa
ou job search
policies
legal notices
copyright
resources and offices
ou report it!

        updated 2/13/2025 by the university of oklahoma: marcomm@ou.edu








































