



radical reference | answers for those who question authority































 






search this site: 














about us
local collectives
reference shelf
volunteer
wiki
blog
 





















rad ref online reference on hiatus
submitted by jessal on wed, 10/04/2017 - 6:52pm




since 2004, radical reference has been providing online reference services to activists, journalists and researchers who requested help looking for information and resources. over the years, we've answered questions that have ranged in scope from mail tampering in prison to the history of radical education to the future of librarianship. yet as we’ve evaluated the quality and efficacy of this service, we’ve been confronted with difficulties of providing in-depth answers in a timely way. as a result, we've decided collectively to suspend this service indefinitely.

sex chat

curvy porn makes everyone and is hot. we love your passion to curvy girls porn content and ready to present the sex chat rooms where all this beauties are stripping, performing sexy dances, chatting, answering questions and performing the conversation people tasks. life becomes simpler with this nude chat. it's not necessary to go offline or seeking to fulfill a girl from the website that is dating. get laid back is as simple as purchase pizza. you simply open the chat rooms, see xxx women and choose one to have virtual sex with.

sex in its own attractiveness

occasionally curvy sexual articles is hard to find. it's even harder when it comes to porn webcams. why sexy girls with bodies are rare on some resources, who knows. nonetheless, it's not like that for us. we adore big boobs, huge asses and hazardous curves. and our models are so hot and beautiful you will be totally satisfies with its own content and the chat.


a lot of people watch curvy girl porn every day and be happy. it's just since its genetically demonstrated that man are happier when see a pair of great tits and a good round ass. our women work in hd and all day long without and the nights. you can possess different experience. some women are smart and funny and simply speak with the camera. they function nude only when someone asks them to. and a few are beginning their day on the internet using a great dildo session where they perform anal intercourse for the open cam.


the girls are different and there if no exceptional standard for proper webcamming. all our naked and stylishly dressed at the alluring lingerie beauties are here only to make men happy and fulfilled. we are the sex and entertainment chat so that you don't need to please a female any manner but easy liking her cams making her happy.

curvy and adolescent

teen women can have very cool large boobs and fine curves also. they are funny and just sexy as they're young. and these women are happy to discover a passionate person who will client potentiel them to the area of sexy dreams and kinky stuff. all the girl are telling us chose to be discover no guy in their real lives and webcam nude model because they love sex. or they just need to experiment with different individuals and have fun with no community and no strings.


there are different teens content here including soft and hard couples porn. some teens are prefer to do it not with the man but with the girlfriend and here are the secret why a lot of hot lesbians are there. they have, curvy and are young?


you can see them also in the college women section labeled as curvy. those versions are into role play games. they are able to do anything to you as the person who you may find a sex with and as role game sexy model.


sexy and funny young teenagers are waiting for you at the porn chat and ready to undress, have sexy dance, and man themselves hot and sexy. they enjoying solo and couples and are performing sex shows.


teenaged girls are getting nude and having sex and doing porn with boundaries or no pity they are put on by the society. they're able to do both in the space where everybody could see them for free and at the personal where the alluring magic is created. so if you're fed up with watching skinny teens with no breasts and ass you'll be able to go online and join this porn chat.


do you know what your neighbor is performing at home when she is alone and gets a little bored? yes scrubbing and dished floors are possibly not just washed by her. mature women are love to polish their pearls also and making all the men of the chat horny and hot. you can find the hottest milfs on the porn chat. a number of them simply doing their home jobs but nude, and some of them making males horny all of the time, performing the sex tasks and are enjoying the sex talk. it's possible to make them happy when tip a little. once you give her everything and a little more, it is nothing like the actual life relationships and she is still bored.


curvy mature women do kinky things like domination and entry, function as mistresses and slaves and may do good as a porn chat hostess for bdsm individuals. if you have some needs you can just state and the woman will discover a means for you to become satisfied.

curvy girls and couples

also have sex with their spouse facing the camera and some models really like to perform it. once you direct the sex scene of this young couple, it can be quite specific experience and totally hot. there are lots of couples on the internet all the time and you'll be able to observe the actual difference between those tits readily.


there are the scene for your women that are curvy and various sorts of the appearance here. it is possible to locate blondes and brunettes, and redheads in the porn chat. you also can get a lot of different body types and skin colors.


we adore sex and prepared to give you all of the items for improving your sex life and amusement.



jessal's blog
read more






















starting a local collective
submitted by jenna on wed, 10/04/2017 - 4:52pm
diy
local collectives
reference shelf




radical reference local collectives are independent from one another and from the international group, which admittedly, is mostly dormant right now. (that could change; all it takes is people to make it go!) 
each group can activate/resist/support as it wants, as long as members act by the rad ref points of unity. following this photo of some cuties in the boston collective, here are some general guidelines for getting started: 


jenna's blog
login to post comments
read more






















supporting social movements in nyc: a public conversation about special collections
submitted by mrm on sat, 02/29/2020 - 8:46am
archives
community archives
nyc
university




protest posters. zines. labor organizing pamphlets. new york city libraries and archives house much more than books. join librarians, archivists, and organizers for a public conversation about three local collections focused on social movements, and the spectrum of accessibility to these collections. we will also explore how these collections tell the stories of the social movements they preserve, and how these materials might connect to future works.
speakers:
jenna freedman, barnard zine library
maryam gunja & jen hoyer, interference archive
shannon o'neill, tamiment-wagner collections, nyu
moderated by clara cabrera and co-organized by melissa morrone
supporting social movements in nyc: a public conversation about special collections
monday, april 20, 6:30-8pm
nyu bobst library
tamiment library & robert f. wagner labor archives
70 washington square south

mrm's blog
login to post comments






















organizers with organizers zine
submitted by maura on sun, 05/13/2018 - 9:32am




the nyc local rad ref collective has created a zine! organizers with organizers: a guide for info workers, aims to help us think about how the skills that information workers have can be useful in community groups, organizing contexts, etc.
download two pdf versions of the zine (one to print, one for easy-reading on a screen) here!
shoutout to alex provo of nyc rad ref for conceiving of and wrangling contributions for the zine, and to all of the nyc rad reffers who helped with writing, compiling, printing, pasting up, stapling, and distributing. thank you xoxo

maura's blog
login to post comments






















nyc rad ref supports the humane alternatives to long-term (halt) solitary confinement act
submitted by mrm on tue, 05/08/2018 - 10:29am
imprisonment
nyc
prison




nyc radical reference members have written a letter in support of the humane alternatives to long-term (halt) solitary confinement act, which is pending in the new york state legislature. for more information, see the work of the new york campaign for alternatives to isolated confinement at nycaic.org/legislation.
we are writing as librarians and other library workers in support of the passage of the humane alternatives to long-term (halt) solitary confinement act (a. 3080 / s. 4784). thousands of people, disproportionately black and latinx, are in solitary confinement in ny prisons each day, which means 22 to 24 hours a day in a cell without any meaningful human contact or programs. these conditions are recognized—including by the united nations—as torture. the halt act would include restrictions on criteria for placement in solitary confinement, alternatives to isolation, and a 15-day limit on solitary confinement. advocates note that states that have reduced the use of solitary have seen a positive impact on safety for both incarcerated people and corrections officers.

mrm's blog
login to post comments
read more






















nyc-area radical librarians at women's march nyc
submitted by jenna on sun, 01/28/2018 - 5:56pm
nyc
protests




under the loose auspices of rad ref nyc, we fielded a contingent of radical librarians and their friends & family at the 2018 nyc women's march. here's how we were:


jenna's blog
login to post comments






















 nyc radref meeting: january 23 @ 7 pm
submitted by nicoleghaus on tue, 01/02/2018 - 12:48pm




the next nyc radical reference meeting will take place on:
tuesday, january 23, 2018, 7:00-9:00 pm
center for jewish history (15 w 16th st, new york, ny 10011)
the meeting will be held in the chapel room, which is on the second floor. it is wheelchair accessible via an elevator. just a reminder, there is airport style security upon entering the building.

nicoleghaus's blog
login to post comments






















nyc radref meeting: december 14 @ 7 pm
submitted by nicoleghaus on thu, 11/09/2017 - 12:17pm




the next nyc radical reference meeting will take place on:
tuesday, december 14, 2017, 7:00-9:00 pm
center for jewish history (15 w 16th st, new york, ny 10011)
the meeting will be held in the chapel room, which is on the second floor. it is wheelchair accessible via an elevator. just a reminder, there is airport style security upon entering the building.
we will be also writing holiday cards to lgbtq prisoners, courtesy of black & pink. bring colored pencils and stamps!

nicoleghaus's blog
login to post comments






















nyc radref meeting: november 1 @ 7:15pm
submitted by maura on sun, 10/29/2017 - 12:17pm




the next nyc radical reference meeting will take place on:
tuesday, november 1, 2017, 7:15-9:00 pm
center for jewish history (15 w 16th st, new york, ny 10011)
the meeting will be held in the chapel room, which is on the second floor. it is wheelchair accessible via an elevator. just a reminder, there is airport style security upon entering the building.

maura's blog
login to post comments






















new york capital district radical reference collective
submitted by manycolored on wed, 10/04/2017 - 4:28pm
local collectives
-




please ping manycolored if you live in/near albany, troy, schenectady, saratoga springs... any reasonable distance to travel for a get-together.










1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
…
next ›
last »
  



answered questions






question: wilpf u.s. section executive director during the 1960s and 1970s




question: introverts vs. extroverts




question: sanctuary/religious activism in dallas, tx




question: boycott the palm, homelessness in nyc




question: socially-motivated photo-illustrated children's books (50's. 60's, 70's, 80's)



 


    more...  

 


tags in subjects
activism
ala
anarchism
archives
cataloging
conferences
copyright
feminism
free events
immigration
labor
libraries
local collectives
media
meeting minutes
meetings
nyc
oregon
portland
prison
prisons
radical reference
statistics
women
zines
more tags


tweets by radreference 


user login


username: *



password: *



request new password






navigation
local collectives
dream projects











contact | press | volunteer
hosted by lishost. powered by drupal. all software and art licensed under the gpl.








