gaviscon uk - heartburn and indigestion relief | gavisconskip to page contentsymptomsheartburnindigestionacid refluxinfant refluxgerd7 symptomsheartburn & pregnancyproductsgaviscon double actiongaviscon originalgaviscon advancegaviscon infantguardiumgavinaturadiscover gavisconabout ushealth bloglearn moregaviscondouble actionit’s fast, and is longer lasting than antacids.*learn morethe gaviscon rangeexplore our range and discover the right gaviscon product for you.find your producthow gaviscon worksour main ingredient, sodium alginate, is derived from natural seaweed which is sustainably harvested. it creates a protective barrier or raft over the stomach contents (which is mostly acid, but also pepsin and bile). some gaviscon products also contain antacids, which turn excess acid into water and other neutral substances. learn how gaviscon workshow to take gaviscongaviscon is available in many forms to suit your on the go lifestyle. you can take gaviscon as a chewable tablet, in a liquid suspension, or sachets. it’s best to take it after meals and before bed. if your gp prescribed gaviscon, take it as prescribed.gaviscon provides fast relief for a range of symptomsdid you know that gaviscon can help with these symptoms?frequently asked questionswhat is gaviscon advancegaviscon advance relieves heartburn, acid reflux and indigestion symptoms. its extra strength formula has twice the concentration of sodium alginate and forms a strong and resilient 'raft' in the process.how quickly does gaviscon work?gaviscon gets to work fast. your symptoms will start to ease within minutes, and it lasts up to 4 hours.who can take gaviscon?gaviscon can be taken by most adults and children over 12 if they’re suffering from heartburn, indigestion, or acid reflux. if your baby or young child is having reflux or indigestion, see your gp. only treat your little one with gaviscon if your gp or pharmacist advises.can you take gaviscon while pregnant?gaviscon can be taken during pregnancy or breastfeeding. we recommend gaviscon double action for fast-acting heartburn relief.the gaviscon rangeexplore our range and discover the right gaviscon product for you.find your producthelp and support0333 2005 345addressrb consumer relationspo box 4044, sloughsl1 0ns uksymptomsheartburnindigestionacid refluxinfant refluxgerdpregnancyheartburn & pregnancyproductsgaviscon double actiongaviscon originalgaviscon advancegaviscon infantguardiumhealth bloghealth blogabout usdiscover gavisconcookie policyprivacy policyterms and conditionssitemap© 2024 reckitt benckiser. all rights reserved. uk/g-otc/0219/0009