







dubois formalwear | suit & tux rentals in wisconsin












































































































about us


              locations
            

            online catalog
          



              weddings
            

              prom
            

styles


        submit your measurements
      

            pre-register your wedding here!
          





back


              learn more about us
            

            read the blog
          



back


            tuxedos & suits
          

            vest & ties
          

            extras
          























































































about us

learn more about us
read the blog

locationsonline catalog











weddingsprom
styles

tuxedos & suits
vest & ties
extras

submit your measurementspre-register your wedding here!










































































 

not all tuxedos are made the same.



trust the local experts who can help you find the right style at the right price. our team loves helping guys get ready for their big day!



we’ve helped young men with their first tuxedo for prom. we’ve helped handsome grooms and their groomsmen find the perfect look on their wedding day.



the dubois warehouse is located right in green bay, so if your big day is coming up and there’s an issue, we can make it right very quickly.



update on store operations: for the best service, appointments are required for all registrations, measurements and pick-ups. please call the store directly for an appointment. 

 






browse by style

  






















tuxedos and suits






 

or
















accessories






 

see all styles →








browse by color

  









looking to match your prom dates dress? hoping to find a complementary color for your wedding? need some inspiration?we make it easy by helping you browse ties and vests by color. click on your color below to browse our styles!










































































 








how to rent in stores

  









our rental process is simple 













find us and choose your stylefind the nearest dubois formalwear location to you! call for an appointment to stop by and browse.when you’re ready, set up an appointment. our wedding specialist team will help you find the perfect style and color for your event.













get fittedtwo to three months ahead of the event, stop in to be measured.we measure you in-house for an exact fit and out-of-town groomsmen call measurements in.













pick up your tuxedosour ordering process is simple and only takes a few minutes from start to finish.your tuxedos are available for pick-up two days before the big day. try your tux on to make sure it’s perfect!













return your tuxedoafter your event, return your outfit for a painless and simple return.your tuxes are due back by the end of the next business day. we do allow multiple returns by one person!






 

 











trust us for your tuxedo needsthere’s a reason men trust us! we offer style and selection with a price that fits every occasion and budget.













above + beyond selection
we can help every guy find the right look for their big event. we have designer looks with options for mixing and matching colors and accessories. over 550 separate ties, and over 200 separate vest colors. plus special requests for many more!















quality at affordable prices
it’s your big day! we want you to not only look great but feel great! you should be able to look great in your suit or tuxedo without breaking the bank. our transparent pricing makes it easy to feel great.















caring, local formalwear experts
our team is experienced in helping men put together the perfect look! you can talk with any member of our team and ask them any questions or for honest advice. don’t just rent from an online store and hope for the best!






    find a location near you →
  








new gallery



intro



browse by style divider



style selection



color divider



color selection



rent divider



how to rent



value divider



trust us




























































du bois formalwear
127 south broadway,
green bay, wi, 54303,
united states
(920) 437-9231
svincent@duboisfw.com


hours




homeabout ussubmit measurementsfaqcontactauthorized dealers



stylesweddingpromspecial eventsemployment














































 

need more advice?come into one of our stores! our expert stylists are here to help you find a smart, personalized look at a price that suits you.locations →



dubois inc. 2024 | all rights reserved | site by heipro digital

















