

























salesian sisters of st. john bosco » western province


































































skip to main content









magazine
news
contact us
donate now





 





go
 search *
 
















 



salesian sisters of st. john bosco 



    daughters of mary help of christians  










who we areour spiritualityour historyour mission todaywhere we serveour saintstexas salesian family dayformation resourcesnovena to mary help of christianspilgrimage to italyvocationsconnect with usdiscernmentformationvocation eventsvideosfiat projectmissionary programcamps & oratorycamp auxiliumst. john bosco campcolorado campstexas campsrequest prayerfriend a sistermass intentionsprayer intentionsall souls daysupport our missiondonate nowother ways to give#givingtuesdaychristmas boutiquevolunteer opportunitiescolumbarium project 






















 




      who we are    


we, the salesian sisters of st. john bosco, dedicate ourselves completely to young people, the poor, and women at risk.  together with our collaborators and benefactors, we are responding to the profound hopes of today's youth through education and evangelization. true to our mission of forming good christians and honest citizens, we have made a positive impact in society and are blazing a path for the future. 
learn more











 




      pilgrimage to italy    


you are invited for an incredible pilgrimage from may 22 - june 2, 2025! join us for the jubilee year in rome and the grand feast day celebrations of mary help of christians at the basilica in turin, surrounded by the salesian family! explore the birthplaces of our founding saints, st. john bosco and st. mary dominica mazzarello, in turin and mornese. after a stop in assisi, you’ll discover the wonders of ancient rome and visit the vatican. we can’t wait for you to connect with the roots of our salesian family! 
learn more











 




      joyful habits    


we are thrilled to announce that the salesian sisters are being featured on the tv series titled "joyful habits," produced by catholic television of san antonio. you can see what a day in the life of the sisters is like, learn more about our mission, and hear inspiring testimonies.  click on the button below to view the premier and second episodes.  we thank ctsa for their partnership with us in this and we will keep you posted on future episodes.
watch now











 




      vocations    


is there a deep stirring within you to give yourself to god? are you willing to allow god to use you as his instrument? do you desire to bring the light of christ by serving others? if so, you may be called to religious life.
learn more











 




      support our mission    


thanks to the remarkable generosity of many benefactors, the salesian sisters continue to be a powerful force for good in society. together we are making a difference by forming young people to be good christians and honest citizens. learn how can be a part of our mission that our blessed mother entrusted to us.
learn more





      news & events    





 




 
st. john bosco's tips to grow in holiness
   st. john bosco believed that holiness is for everyone, especially young people. he spent his life tirelessly fostering holiness in the young...read more  



 




 
what is true friendship? st. francis de sales perfectly defines it in 5 beautiful quotes
   sacred scripture teaches that “faithful friends are a sturdy shelter; whoever finds one finds a treasure.” (sirach 6:14)  anyone who has...read more  



 




 
a little girl's 5 ordinary (but extraordinary) ways to grow in holiness
 a good and holy priest once told me that sanctity is serious business.  reflecting on that, i would agree that sanctity (holiness) is...read more  















 

request prayer 

request prayer 
click here for mass intentions, prayer requests & friend a sister
request prayer

  

 






 

friend a sister

friend a sister
experience positive encouragement and the virtue of friendship when you friend a sister!
friend a sister

  

 






 

news & articles

news & articles
stay up to date with our latest happenings...
news & articles

  

 






      mission at a glance    











 






 






 







11,500 salesian sisters in the world, serving in 96 countries
 

83 sisters & 13 young ladies in formation to become sisters in our western province
 

serving youth in 9 dioceses, 12 parishes, and 9 catholic schools
 







      mission statement    


we, the salesian sisters, daughters of mary help of christians, are a religious community of women founded by st. john bosco and st. mary mazzarello. our mission is: to provide christian education and formation to the young, especially the poor, and women at risk; joyfully proclaim the good news to all cultures; and promote the regeneration of a more just and humane society.



 






























 









salesian sisters of st. john bosco
mary immaculate province
6019 buena vista st
san antonio, tx 78237









 

 

















powered by catholicwebsite.com | login 










