








leu jam dj mc weddings parties events seattle wa phoenix az















































skip to content



toggle navigationhomeservicesabout ustestimonialstoggle navigationhomeservicesabout ustestimonialslocationsseattlephoenixcontact usaccountsign instart a projecttoggle navigationlocationsseattlephoenixcontactaccountsign instart a project
 





leu jam homeadmin2025-01-23t21:14:42+00:00 
saving the world one party at a timelet’s talklet us know how we are doing
leave a reviewyour solution to all things partywhat we offerwe’re the first dj/mc service you should call, and the last you’ll ever have to. leu jam entertainment can accommodate any event or party.
corporate eventscorporate events
we are dedicated to helping our clients create events that will provide years of memories. we can produce your corporate events including; picnics, team building programs, award banquets, and holiday parties.
team buildingteam building
not every team building exercise needs to be boring! add leujam entertainment into the mix and have your team building memories last into retirement!
trivia nightstrivia nights
we produce ready-to-go trivia shows for djs! just purchase, download, and play. trivia shows are an easy and fun way to grow your dj business!
wedding receptionswedding receptions
our professional master of ceremonies is exceptionally versatile. in addition to making your formal announcements, he is a talented entertainer and a skilled disc jockey who creates the mood for your celebration with music and lighting.
wedding coordinatorwedding coordinator
we have teamed up with love blooms to help make your special day more memorable. love blooms will coordinate your entire wedding, leaving the only one thing for the bride and groom to do—have fun and enjoy the special day!
corporate events
we are dedicated to helping our clients create events that will provide years of memories. we can produce your corporate events including; picnics, team building programs, award banquets, and holiday parties.
team building
not every team building exercise needs to be boring! add leujam entertainment into the mix and have your team building memories last into retirement!
trivia nights
we produce ready-to-go trivia shows for djs! just purchase, download, and play. trivia shows are an easy and fun way to grow your dj business!
wedding receptions
our professional master of ceremonies is exceptionally versatile. in addition to making your formal announcements, he is a talented entertainer and a skilled disc jockey who creates the mood for your celebration with music and lighting.
wedding coordinator
we have teamed up with love blooms to help make your special day more memorable. love blooms will coordinate your entire wedding, leaving the only one thing for the bride and groom to do—have fun and enjoy the special day!
still have questions?get in touch with uscontact usstill have questions?
get in touchcontact uslearn moreabout us





at leu jam entertainment, we strive to create a unique and memorable event, tailored to match your individual personality and tastes. unforgettable weddings, non-stop parties, and corporate events you’ll actually want to attend are our specialties and we are there each step of the way.
we take the time to understand your unique style and vision for the event to create a personalized entertainment experience. we enjoy working with you to understand your musical tastes and what type of mood you’d like for your event. whether you know exactly what songs you want played or would appreciate some guidance, we are ready to deliver.
leu jam is renowned for creating a unique experience to fulfill your heart’s desires. be assured that you are receiving personalized service for your wedding and reception. leu jam is recommended by the most discerning event coordinators to mc for their most particular clients. click these links to see our listings and reviews in the knot and weddingwire.
our goal is to make your event entertainment as seamless and memorable as possible. if life’s a party, we’re going to make sure it’s unforgettable.






book nowmeet the ownerdavid leudj/mc & owner of leu jam entertainment
david leu is a master of the wedding and event industry who has been saving the world one party at a time for over 40 years. with over four decades of experience, david leu is a true veteran in the wedding and event industry. from intimate gatherings to grand celebrations, david has curated unforgettable musical experiences for clients all across the country. his passion for his craft has earned him a reputation as a master of entertainment, seamlessly blending diverse genres to set the perfect mood for any occasion. david’s extensive experience allows him to read the crowd and adapt to every event’s unique energy, ensuring that each moment is perfectly timed. his attention to detail, professionalism, and commitment to excellence have made him a sought-after dj/mc for weddings, corporate events, and private parties alike. whether it’s a high-energy dance floor or a more relaxed ambient vibe, dj/mc david leu brings unparalleled expertise to every event, making him a true leader in the industry.
want to learn more?we would love to talkcontact uswant to learn more?let’s talk!contact usnotes from happy clientswhat our customers say
“on behalf of the olympia film collective, thank you for such a wonderful event at the lakewood reel life 96 screening event – it was amazing! you all did an amazing job, we were really impressed with the overall event!”
russell brooks, olympia film collective
“we really felt and feel amazing about the whole night. we are incredibly grateful that you were the dj and mc to our party – we wouldn’t have wanted it any other way.”
caseywashingtonseattle arealearn morearizonaphoenix arealearn morewe can’t wait to hear from youcontact us
email usdavid@leujam.comfind usp.o. box 2422
issaquah, wa 98027call usseattle: (253) 537-5955
&
phoenix: (602) 767-1133we appreciate your feedback
leave a review



 
 
leu jam entertainment
p.o. box 2422
issaquah, wa 98027
david@leujam.com
seattle: (253) 537-5955
phoenix: (602) 767-1133
leu jam entertainmenttoggle navigationhomeservicesabout ustestimonialslocationsseattlephoenixcontact usaccountsign instart a project© copyright 2012 - 2025 |   website design by social power     |   all rights reserved   |   powered by wordpress


 
 
page load link

 


 


go to top




