



  
 
emi shielding | advanced coating solutions | vivid inc.




























































 



 











menu
  





close

home
about

our space
terms of purchase
terms of sale
quality policy


solutions

thermal spray
ceramic coating
plasma coating
twin wire arc
cold spray
3d print finishing
class a painting
plastic painting services
arc spray coating
high performance coatings
emi and rfi shielding
class a paint
galvanizing
turnkey
ev batteries
mirror finish painting


industries

medical
batteries
automotive solutions
semiconductor
anti-microbial coating
solar
refurbishment


free consultation
blog
 request a quote 
 













coating automation paint robotics
read more > 







thermal spray coatings coatings tailored to oem application requirements
read more > 







plasma spray versatile coatings at mach 1 speeds








emi shielding coatings to enclose and protect electronics








quality systems maximizing performance through quality analysis
read more > 

























industrial coating services

at vivid inc., we provide superior-quality thermal spray and liquid coating solutions using high-performance coatings for various products and equipment. numerous industries rely on our services to ensure optimal performance and better protection, providing the fastest turn-around through our extensive manufacturing process.






services 


 
thermal spray thermal spray is a process where a melted or heated material is sprayed onto a surface. vivid offers various methods such as plasma spray, twin wire arc, cold spray, and flame spray. 


learn more 



 
emi shielding vivid strives to provide the most effective emi shielding techniques on the market to increase efficiency for our customer's products. emi shielding is a technique used to improve the electromagnetic compatibility of an electronic device.  


learn more 



 
 class a paint vivid provides services within all sorts of solvent based paints for painting plastic. our staff is experienced in painting plastic and metal substrates of all shapes, sizes and chemical make-ups.

 


learn more 







thermal spray services
we have a variety of thermal spray solutions for every application. these are environmentally friendly and an excellent alternative for those who want to cut costs for large production runs. we can keep up with your demands using state-of-the-art technology while delivering consistent results each time.
our range of thermal spray applications:

plasma spray coating: the most popular form of thermal spray application is plasma spray coating. it’s versatile and primarily used in demanding industries due to its wide array of coating materials including ceramic coats. a semi-molten powder coat material is sprayed onto a surface for coating.
twin arc spray: we specialize in twin arc spray coating, where a thermal metal coating spray material is deposited on parts susceptible to corrosion and erosion. we use automated spray equipment to produce this layer of protection, increasing a product’s lifespan while protecting its components.
cold spray: also known as supersonic particle deposition, this high-energy metal coating spray solution uses a heated high-pressure carrier gas to deposit or accelerate metal powders through a supersonic nozzle to facilitate particle adhesion.
flame spray: using a heat source to melt powder or wire form into a sprayable coating, flame spray can metalize a substrate for superior protection on surfaces against innumerable environmental conditions while reducing the need for constant maintenance.

high-performance coatings
for high-performance requirements, our high-performance conductive and class a coatings and paints are used for high levels of protection and performance. these are primarily utilized for emi shielding, protection against abrasion issues, cosmetic appearance, and diverse thermal conductivity applications.
our different high-performance coating services:

emi/rfi shielding: our expansive range of conductive coatings is predominantly used to shield electronics against emi/rfi and can also prevent electrostatic discharge. these paints and thermal coatings are applied on the plastic substrate using air atomizing equipment or thermal coating systems.


class a paint: we paint plastics and metal substrates of various chemical make-ups. it includes preparatory services to ensure the substrate for perfect adhesion. clients can choose from water-based, powder, and polyurethane paints.


thick film technology: an additive process that utilizes conductors, resistors, and dielectric pastes; this process is used to produce electronic modules or devices. the pastes contain a mixture of glass and metal oxides and are screen-printed or fired to form the circuit.

galvanization
using the arc spray process, galvanizing involves applying a protective zinc, aluminum, or a blend of the two to iron or steel for long-term protection. it’s ideally used in applications where these metals are constantly exposed to destructive environmental factors. 
applications of galvanization:

sheet metals
steel beams
iron fencing
machine parts
metal pipes and wires







industries 

medical 
  

batteries 
  

automotive 
  

semiconductor 
  


  anti-microbial 


  solar 


  refurbishment 







1990 year established 

40,000 square feet 

12 fortune 500 companies 

26 awards won 





about vivid inc. was formed in 1990 as three managers from spectra-physics branched the paint coatings division into an independent entity. funded with over one million in environmentally safe painting equipment, vivid began providing wet paint coatings to meet environmental quality requirements of both state and federal regulation. since then our customers needs have grown and so have our services. we now offer multiple thermal spray technology including plamsa, twin wire arc, and cold spray.
​
vivid is iso 9001:2015 certified and we are committed to providing the highest quality to meet and surpass our customers expectations.
today, vivid has grown to be one of the largest materials coating providers in the silicon valley. our customers include a number of the world’s leading equipment manufacturer’s in such industries as semiconductor, telecommunications, automotive and medical. we continue to fuel this growth through our commitment to keeping abreast with the latest technologies and continually improving our automation processes. vivid also prides itself in complying with complex regulations both in the us and around the world.
 



clients 

 

 

 

 

 




contact  

inquiries
for any inquiries, questions or commendations, please call: 408-502-6966 or fill out the following form.




"*" indicates required fields

name* email*

untitled additional informationcaptcha
 








δ

 head office
180 e sunnyoaks ave. building 1
campbell, ca 95008email: info@vividinc.com
office: 408-982-9101
fax: 408-987-0107
employment

to apply for a job with vivid inc., please send a cover letter together with your resume to: info@vividinc.com
get a quote: 408-502-6966

 





we aim to support our clients by eliminating inefficiencies in their final product. our range of thermal spray applications and coatings will ensure success in all your projects. if you’re interested and want to know more, don’t hesitate to contact us today. request a quote, and our team will develop a solution tailored to your needs.











thermal spray cold spray
flame spray
plasma spray
twin wire arc
 

high performance coatings emi & rfi shielding
paint
thick film technology
artwork printing
 

process engineering material process analysis
customized enclosures
ground breaking materials
privacy policy
terms of service
sitemap
 

contact us 


 

 




  



© 2025 vivid inc., all rights reserved | site created by thomas marketing services

























 
