






promotional pens, personalized pens, business pens, engraved pens and imprinted pens, wedding favors, church pens, business gifts - pensrus.com






















call: +1.800.pensrus ( 1-800-736-7787 )

fax: +1.330.800.9177




pensrus

you've made the right choice
pensrus is a leader in providing the highest quality, lowest cost personalized pens, promotional pencils, sticky notes, mouse pads and other promotional products - and we guarantee it. since 2001, we've helped over half a million customers - companies and small businesses just like you - increase customer loyalty, boost sales and brand reach. let us do it for you, too !our pledge to every pensrus.com customer:
call us and a real person will answer the phone. during our extended business hours you will talk directly with one of our product specialists. it's just that easy. call +1.800.736.7787 for personal service.read more...
home pagecontact us
we're a dependable partner.we work hard every day for you and are proud of the service we provide. plus, we're on time. something everyone appreciates. let our customers say it best.read more...
custom quotessamples
we guarantee you the lowest order cost.our buying power assures we receive the best prices from our factories. if you find a lower total order cost for the same product we'll beat it.read more...
catalogsdidn't find "it" ?
we use the latest technologies.our servers and service providers use the latest ssl technologies to assure your transaction is private and secure. we don't require you to create an account, either, and we never store your payment information.
our blog


writing 

promotional writing: imprinted and engraved pens and pencils
pens and pencils continue to represent an excellent value for promoting your business or event. personalized items are a thoughtful gift for church and school functions, too. with the introduction of stylus pens you can double the utility of hundreds of the most popular promotional pen designs.
imprinted pens

stick
retractable
twist
pens with blue ink


engraved pens

megalaser max
retractable
twist
pen + pencil sets


pencils

standard wood
wood golf/bowling
mechanical pencils
design your own





top sellers
slimster colors
paper mate sport
the balboa pen
pentel rsvp
specialty
gel ink
highlighters
markers
stylus pens
color wraps
write + light
pens by mail
design your own



office + home 

customized home and office items
we're more than just pens ! take a look at some of the most popular promotional products that don't write. if you have another idea or can't find exactly what you're looking for, contact a pensrus.com product specialist @ 800-736-7787 for immediate personal service.
note products
sticky notes
note cubes
note pads
scratch pads
all note products
mousepads
fabric
firm surface
ultra-thin
paper
all mouse pads
notebooks
plastic covers
chipboard covers
leather-like covers
other notebooks
 padfolios + jotters 
golf + packaging + pets
golf goodies
bag it ! bags
pet products
home and office
backpacks
calendars
drinkware
everything koozie®
lighters
magnets
personal items
tech goodies
totes
travel/sports
desk accessories
key chains
badge + lanyard
clips
measuring tools



brand names

brand names you know and trust
we've cultivated relationships with the best brands in the world. and not just for things that write. for every type of promotional product you need, we've got a brand name solution.


bic everything
everything koozie®
norwood by bic®
papermate pens




parker pens
pentel pens
pilot
quill




sharpie
liqui-mark
scripto
uni-ball


featured brands





special values

limited time !
special values
hotel amenities
50-piece min. specials
bic/norwood big movers sale
bogo's
blowout specials
closeouts
gift shop
super market





economical collections

we'll save you money !
collections

avenues
best of bullet
colonies - made in usa
colordome
eco - friendly
euro exclusives
ipens / stylus
the mall
megalaser engraved
motivate
originals
penny pinchers
pens by mail promotions



tejas collection
pen + pencil sets


















lowest order cost guarantee (with the same great service) click here






















the stylus pen
has grown up  new stylesfor every taste and budget.
check them all out







drink in style andpromote your business
promotional drinkware
shop all drinkware



stay out front
keep your event/business in front of the right people year round. totes and coolers offer a unique opportunity: they are both affordable and super utlitarian. choose from a number of different styles, fabrics and colors to suit your style or your business image. call +1.800.736.7787 today!
 



imprinted pens
engraved pens
stylus pens
pencils
home + office
note products





hot products
take a look at what other customers are buying. these are the hot   promotional product categories at pensrus. we track and update them   so you can see what changes over time, especially during different  business seasons. but don't forget the ubiquitous promotional pencil. a classic.












top  pens
these are our top selling promotional pens. it's tough not to notice they are all bic pens. that's because of bic's brand strength. great as logo pens. low prices, high quality and a guaranteed lowest total order cost make pensrus the best source for any promotional product that writes.













fast movers
the personalized pens and pencils with the fastest growing audience. many from our economical collections. we've worked with pen manufacturers all over the country to identify best selling items for promoting your business or event. and you're still guaranteed 100% satisfaction.










awareness is an every day event.and we'll help keep it from becoming just another everyday thing.we've got every color of every promo item and specialized awareness ribbon-motif products, too.talk to  a pensrus.com product specialist. they'll help. 1-800-736-7787 (1-800-pensrus)




top office
promotional products  for office use are appropriate for marketing to corporate accounts and small businesses. soho customers will appreciate any kind of thoughtful custom gift. promo items that help with organization and productivity are especially popular. the bic sticky note is ideal for both.









talk to a human being. call us at 1-800-pensrus (1-800-736-7787)
call during our extended business hours (mon - thu : 9:00am - 10:00pm et, fri : 9:00am - 7:00pm et). you won't have to choose a department or know an extension number to talk to someone. you'll get the friendly voice of a pensrus.com product specialist. every time.




top home

choosing a promotional item that's great for use at home makes sure your customers are reminded daily of your relationship. the trend towards reuseable drinkware continues and totes still top the list for the eco-minded and urban shoppers.
but don't overlook the classic fridge magnet for retention and reuse by your customer. plus, we've seen a resurgence of interest in personal items like sun screens, first aid kits and hand sanitizers.











we're a partner you can count on - every timedependable to a fault, over 500,000 customers have decided pensrus.com is a partner to keep. half our business is reorders that's how good we are at this. read what our customers have to say here.we're gloriously on time and do everything to be accomodating of your schedule. every time.




commuters

handy promo products suitable for commuters, students and anyone on the go keep your name in hand and out front of the public's eyes. we chose promotional items that keep your logo prominent and offer the most utility. we have a selection of "anything imprinted" that that will do both, and create a sense of value to the recipients.
this is a category that's grown significantly in the past couple of years and has even expanded to electronic items like usb car chargers.











you're guaranteed the lowest total order cost on every order
find the same product for less, then add up the other guy's total order costs and we'll beat them.we probably already have, but if we didn't, we guarantee we will. here's a link to the details.you'll still get the same great pensrus.com service and quality products. every time.




technology

technology has caught up with promo products !! we're excited, too, and so are our customers. and as the prices drop tech items have become an affordable alternative to many classic promotional item picks. 
we make it easy for you to promote your business or event  !!









high quality brand names you trust at pensrus.com guaranteed low prices


papermate pens
sharpie markers
pentel imprint
waterman pens
scripto pens




pilot pens
uni-ball pens
parker pens
liqui-mark markers
bic promotional







didn't find  the perfect promo pen? design your own ! ! !
design your own pens and pencils at pensrus.com
design your own promotional pen or pencil. full color printing and great colors. click here.
create your own truly custom pens and pencils with pensrus.com.





lowest order cost guarantee details
you are guaranteed the lowest total order cost at pensrus.com
why? because we know the cost of the pen can be just the beginning. many retailers add extra charges that can quickly inflate your total order cost. not at pensrus.com. we add to the value that our products represent with already every-day low pricing by not having hidden costs.
what  does total order cost mean?
you are a conscientious shopper taking the time to find the best prices for what you need, but many times face the unwanted surprise of set-up, screen or even printing charges, and inflated shipping charges. all of these charges make up for that "unbelievably low" pen price.
total order cost = product price + set-up charges + screen charges + shipping charges
pensrus.com will beat the total order cost of any online distributor for any product we sell by not charging you set-up, screen, art or any other charges that artificially make your pens more expensive. use our freeship88 coupon at checkout, and your pens and pencils will get free ground shipping.
how do i ask for a total price comparison?
you'll just need to tell us a few things so we can get it all figured out. we'll need to know about the product(s) you want compared, the website where you found the "other" pricing and how we can get back to you. it's that simple! (link opens in a new tab.)


pensrus.com information

contacting pensrus.com:toll free: 1-800-736-7787 (1-800-pensrus)fax: 1-330-800-9177

email us:general email: info@pensrus.comservice: service@pensrus.comartwork: orders@pensrus.com
terms and conditions:
available here.
regular business hours:
monday thru thursday: 9:00am to 5:00pm etfriday: 9:00am to 3:00pm et


shipping address:1061 hillcrest dr.tallmadge, oh, usa
44278-1115
mailing address:p.o. box 313tallmadge, oh, usa
44278-0313
legal and privacy statements:available here..




custom quotes and samples
we offer a full array of promotional products from the leading  manufacturers across the usa including bags, packs, lighters, backpacks,   note pads, jotters and portfolios as well as seasonal items like   calendars. if you can't find exactly what you are looking for in our   store, please contact one of our product specialists, or use this form,   and someone will work with you to find the perfect item for your   project.
 this service is provided as a means for qualified customers to   receive samples of our products for review prior to purchase decisions.   because of the potential for abuse, we reserve the right to determine,   based solely upon our discretion, whether a submitted request will be   honored.
 samples are not available for waterman or other fine pen brands. 
click here to get quick personal service for samples and quote requests
download our catalog here | download our "best of/vertical markets catalog here



3 easy ways to order
order online: guaranteed secure online ordering
order by fax: fax us your order. download order form
order by mail: mail us your order.  download order form







copyright â©  pensrus.com. all rights reserved.

pensrus blog | articles and press from pensrus | google + | bic website | sanford website | super market
download our catalog here | get our best of/verticals catalog here












