

the ebionite home page


























you
      have reached the ebionite/nazirene spiritual restoration homepage


the
      ebionites are the original and genuine people of the new covenant


unless
      you are an ebionite 

(a poor one to the way of this 
		world)

you
      cannot be a disciple of yeshua/jesus





















 




 

 

 
 








the restored 
												original gospel teachings that 
												were corrupted by the church 








the corruption of 
												the words god spoke to man which 
												created the jesus-god of 
												constantine









the brother of 
												yeshua/jesus website








reincarnation - 
												the key to christianity 









science proves 
												reincarnation








pre-nicene church 
												taught reincarnation









the real facts of 
												life you were never told about









the reality of 
												the original suppressed gospel 
												teachings









the divine 
												marriage







 



  





 

 

 

 

 



 
the ebionites understood the evolution of the soul over the course of many 
lives as demonstrated in the article 
the 
pre-nicene position of the church on reincarnation

https://brotherofyeshua.blogspot.com/2022/04/the-pre-nicene-position-of-church-on.html .  
quoting the zohar (jewish mysticism):  

"according to these teachings, all human souls have a 
common origin in the spiritual unity of the primordial man, sparks of which form 
the individual souls... the sin of adam brought higher and lower souls into 
confusion; as a result, every soul has to pass through a series of 
incarnations... the soul itself has no sex, which is determined by the body and 
may vary from incarnation to incarnation”. ...“all souls are subject to the 
trials of transmigration; and men do not know the designs of the most high with 
regard to them… the souls must re-enter the absolute substance whence they have 
emerged.  but to accomplish this end they must develop all the perfections, 
the germ of which is planted in them; and if they have not fulfilled this 
condition during one life, they must commence another, a third, and so forth, 
until they have acquired the condition which fits them for reunion with god”.  
  
this level upon level of evolution of the consciousness of the soul was noted by 
the pre-nicene church father origen who explained 
in 
de principiis: "the soul has neither beginning nor 
end... every soul... comes into this world strengthened by the victories or 
weakened by the defeats of its previous life.  its place in this world as a 
vessel appointed to honor or dishonor is determined by its previous merits or 
demerits. its work in this world determines its place in the world which is to 
follow this..."   
 every level of soul advancement determines that 
soul's condition of consciousness, which levels of advancement are achieved by 
overcoming the natural laws of creation -- rung upon rung of what is portrayed 
as jacob's ladder (see 
the law of jacob's ladder and mental 
advancement http://thelawofthegospels.com#lawofjacobsladder
  ).  

thus, to develop all the noted perfections, 
certain conditions of consciousness must be met and achieved in order to be 
re-enter and be restored to our edenic kingdom which is our source.  

 these conditions of soul-evolution are brought about by fulfilling the natural 
laws that were put into effect in the alpha of creation, to test and monitor the 
development of each souls consciousness.  the man jesus accomplished all 
that he did, by fulfilling the law (see the law of the gospels
http://thelawofthegospels.com  
).  quoting the witness of those who jesus personally taught
http://thelawofthegospels.com#personallytaught 
: those 
followers and disciples who walked and talked with jesus daily -- the very 
people who he personally taught -- those who could ask jesus any question, and 
have jesus explain his answer in fullness and depth -- all witnessed to the fact 
that jesus was a true holy man who became the anointed (messiah/christ) by 
fulfilling the law of god within his own mind and being.  they affirmed 
what jesus personally taught them -- i.e., that
he (quoting) 
"...was justified by fulfilling the law. he was the christ (anointed) of god, 
since not one of the rest of mankind had observed the law completely. had any 
one else fulfilled the commandments of the law, he would have been the christ, 
for they assert that our lord himself was a man in like sense with all humanity" (see 
hippolytus, refut. omn. haer. vii. 34).   and jesus personally 
taught and guided them into the path where they were in the process of 
fulfilling the law, and themselves becoming the anointed (messiah christ).  
what does it mean to "fulfill the law"?  
why hadn't "the rest of mankind observed the law 
completely"?  if what jesus taught his followers that 
"had any one else fulfilled the commandments of the law, 
he would have been the christ", then the most important question for 
all the followers of jesus is: what must they, and other people do, to fulfill 
the law and become the anointed (messiah/christ)?  and if what jesus said 
with respect to the fact that he (jesus) "was a man in 
like sense with all humanity", then there is no salvation in 
worshipping jesus without doing what he taught to his closest of followers. 

   


if you therefore understand these natural laws, and properly apply them to your 
everyday life, you will then be able to advance through the levels of 
development as jesus taught his original followers.  the original objective 
of the gospel teachings, was to enable every believer to fulfill the law within 
their own mind and being -- thereby achieving the evolution of their 
consciousness -- which enabled them to achieve their soul's reunion with the 
divine mind.   
the torah or old testament employs what can 
be portrayed as extreme allegory using the mythology of the tribes of the 
people, in order to both preserve and conceal teachings on the fulfillment of 
the natural laws of creation.  as noted in the zohar: 

"thus the tales 
related in the torah are simply her outer garments, and woe to the man who 
regards that outer garb as the torah itself, for such a man will be deprived of 
portion in the next world..." 

“the narratives of the doctrine are 
its cloak.   the simple look only on the garment, that is upon the 
narrative of the doctrine; more they know not.   the instructed, 
however, see not merely the cloak, but what the cloak covers”.  
when we say that jesus and 
his original followers fulfilled the law, reference is being made to the inner 
spiritual meaning of the natural law that is allegorically portrayed in the text 
of the torah.   the ebionites did not observe the rituals and 
traditions of the torah in the manner of the jews, and this is why they were 
accused of "blaspheming the law" -- i.e., 
quoting 
censorship of the truth and the facts
http://thelawofthegospels.com#censorship 
: because the gentiles did not 
understand the spiritual meaning of the law -- confusing it with the allegorical 
tenets of the law of moses -- a large segment of the gentile converts were 
unable to understand the teachings of jesus on how the law must be fulfilled. 
that the ebionites had been taught and 
enlightened by jesus as to the spiritual meaning of the law, and they did not 
observe it outwardly in ritual and tradition in the manner of the jews, is the 
reason why the early christian author epiphanius wrote that the ebionites 
"do not accept moses' pentateuch in its entirety; certain 
sayings they reject... stating christ has revealed this to me, and will 
blaspheme most of the legislation" (panarion 
30.18.7-9).      
as the seeker/disciple advances, they are able to be taught directly by 
the divine mind within each of us (see 

the one teacher
http://brotherofjesus.org#theoneteacher  
).  with the ultimate level of advancement achieved when we bring about 
that condition of consciousness where we achieve at-oneness with the divine mind 
(see 
at-onement with the logos/mind of god
http://brotherofjesus.org#atonement  
).     what is portrayed as the end times or the second 
coming, is when each person achieves the final birth and reunion with the divine 
mind.  

<


 



      
		visit the  





  
brother of yeshua blog  





the original followers and 
disciples of yeshua/jesus

those followers and disciples who walked 
and talked with jesus daily -- the very people who he personally taught -- those 
followers who could ask jesus any question -- all witnessed to the fact that 
jesus was a true holy man who became the anointed (messiah/christ) by fulfilling 
the law of god within his own mind and being -- i.e., they affirmed that
he (jesus) was a man who 
"...was justified by fulfilling the law. he was the christ (anointed) of god, 
since not one of the rest of mankind had observed the law completely. had any 
one else fulfilled the commandments of the law, he would have been the christ, 
for they assert that our lord himself was a man in like sense with all humanity" (see 
hippolytus, refut. omn. haer. vii. 34).   and when this gospel fact is 
understood, it confirms the reality that the entrance to the kingdom of god is within 
each of us (luke 
17:20-21) -- at the core of our mind and being -- that each of us is the 
prodigal son/daughter of the most high -- and if we use the scriptures for their 
intended purpose as the key of knowledge by turning them within our own mind, 
that the "narrow gate" will open unto us, 
and we will be able to enter into the edenic kingdom which is our true-source of 
being (see 
the narrow gate and the enigma of the law 
http://thelawofoctaves.com#intro 
).  the virgin birth is an allegorical symbol of a non-physical (spiritual) 
birth that signifies birth from the holy spirit that is the feminine polarity of 
god.  the original followers who walked and talked with jesus daily, 
explained 
that he (jesus) was in 
“...supernatural union of a man and god... in their eyes, 
jesus of nazareth was a mere mortal, the legitimate son of joseph and mary: but 
he was the best and wisest of the human race, selected as the worthy instrument 
to restore upon earth the worship of the true and supreme deity. when he was 
baptized in the jordan, the christ, the first of the aeons, the son of god 
himself, descended on jesus in the form of a dove, to inhabit his mind, and 
direct his actions during the allotted period of his ministry” 
(gibbon; the decline & fall of the roman empire, v.4, p.366).  jesus taught each 
of his followers how to fulfill the law within their own mind and being -- which 
enabled each of them to become anointed (messiah/christ) -- which set them on 
theway to achieving the next subsequent stage of (virgin/non-physical) birth. 



that jesus was the first of the prodigal sons to achieve the 
necessary wholeness and perfection to be restored to the edenic kingdom -- and 
being restored, became the example for all his prodigal brothers and sisters to 
follow -- is why jesus stated: "go instead to 
my brothers and tell them, 'i am returning to my father and your father, to my 
god and your god'" (john 20:17).   that the historical man jesus was 
a true holy man who became the anointed (messiah/christ) by fulfilling the royal 
law within his own mind and being (see 
the 
law of the gospels 
http://thelawofthegospels.com 
), is attested to at acts 2:22 where jesus is portrayed as 
"a man, attested to you by god" -- and this was demonstrated by 
god performing "mighty works and wonders and signs that 
god did through him in your midst".  at his baptism in the jordan, 
the voice of god stated: "thou art my son, this day i 
have begotten thee" -- but these words that god spoke, were changed 
and corrupted by the fourth century pagan church of rome (see
http://thetenwords.com ).  proof that 
the gospels were corrupted by the church you can find at 
the 
corruption of the gospel texts

http://thelawofthegospels.com#gospelcorruptions .  that the soul of the 
author of the original gospel has again incarnated in order to restore the 
suppressed and corrupted teachings, is at the original gospel at
http://originalgospel.ebionite.com 
.  the restored gospel teachings are provided to you free of charge -- with 
no requirement of support or conversion -- because the lord wants you to have 
and know the truth.   

the christian world is following 
the dictates and doctrines of roman emperors and a circus prostitute (see 

the circus prostitute who ruled over church teachings

https://brotherofyeshua.blogspot.com/2021/10/the-circus-prostitute-who-ruled-over.html
) 
that have nothing in common with the original gospel teachings (see
http://originalgospel.ebionite.com 
).  the politicians who ruled over the church, suppressed important 
teachings, hunted down spiritual christians who refused to accept the doctrines 
of a series of roman emperors, who corrupted the scriptures (see 

the corruption of the gospel texts

http://thelawofthegospels.com#gospelcorruptions ).  and this is why the 
original author was sent back into this world at this time, to restore the 
original gospel teachings (see intro to original gospel by brother of jesus

http://brotherofjesus.org#introduction ),  
  







 







 


the greatest error 
								of the gentile-church which portrayed itself as 
								orthodox, was made when they attached their 
								religion to the old testament of the jews -- 
								portraying the jews as the forerunner of the 
								church.  why did the church do this?   to 
								provide the church with a false and counterfeit 
								facade of authenticity -- but what is known as 
								replacement theology has been one of the primary 
								causes of the demise of christianity.   the 
								gospel account of jesus portrays the jews as the 
								offspring of the devil -- i.e.,
								

"why do 
								you not understand my speech? because you are 
								not able to listen to my word. you are of your 
								father the devil, and the desires of your father 
								you want to do. he was a murderer from the 
								beginning, and does not stand in the truth, 
								because there is no truth in him. when he speaks 
								a lie, he speaks from his own resources, for he 
								is a liar and the father of it" 
								(john 8:43-44 nkj).  the chosen 
								people are representative of spiritual israel -- 
								where as the jews as personified in the 
								pharisees and sadducees were representative of 
								counterfeit israel -- i.e., the offspring of the 
								devil.   the authors of the gospels were 
								representative of spiritual israel, who were the 
								people of the new covenant.  the jews were the 
								carnal impostors who were shackled by the old 
								covenant and the literal law of moses.   when 
								the gospel account of jesus spoke of fulfilling 
								the tenets of the old testament, he was 
								referring to the fact that the old testament is 
								an allegorical portrayal of the laws that must 
								be fulfilled within the seeker/disciples own 
								mind and being in order for the lost prodigal 
								sons to be restored to the edenic kingdom of 
								origination.  all reference to a coming anointed 
								one (messiah/christ), portray the anointing of 
								the mind of the seeker/disciple who fulfills the 
								(allegorical) law within themselves.  where the 
								jews as counterfeit israel sacrificed animals in 
								the temple of this world made with the hands of 
								man, spiritual israel transforms the body and 
								mind into the living temple that enables the 
								seeker/disciple to be taught directly by the 
								indwelling logos (see
								
								the gospels and the preexistent soul that 
								evolves to perfection in many lifetimes ).  
								all the references to the building of the temple 
								and the sacrifice of animals, is an allegorical 
								portrayal of what must be accomplished within 
								the body and mind of the disciple of theway.  
								and only when the necessary wholeness embodied 
								in the term spiritual israel is brought about 
								through the fulfillment of the royal law within 
								you, can the kingdom come within the mind and 
								body of the disciple of theway.   and this is 
								why the gospel account of jesus stated:
								"they that are whole 
								have no need of the physician, but they that are 
								sick: i came not to call the righteous, but 
								sinners to repentance" (mark 2:17).  
								




 the 
								true (unknown) nature and reality of the 
								scriptures: if you had an original copy 
								of the gospels, you could use them as a catalyst 
								to achieve an enlightened and anointed state of 
								mind -- prevailing over self, mentally and 
								spiritually evolving to your full potential, and 
								overcoming the division between you and your 
								heavenly father.  if you had an original copy of 
								the gospels and used them as the authors 
								intended them to be used, at this moment as the 
								prodigal son/daughter, you could have been 
								restored to the edenic kingdom -- and having 
								overcome even death, you would dwell with your 
								elder brother jesus -- who, as the first of the 
								prodigal sons to fulfill the royal law within 
								himself, completed the journey in theway before 
								you.  

								critics claim that the gospels are poorly 
								written -- gospels contradict other gospels -- 
								that they contain countless inconsistencies and 
								discordances -- that they plagiarized other 
								religions -- and that they totally lack 
								continuity with the old testament.  yet, these 
								same critics fail to understand that the alleged 
								inconsistencies, discordances and conflicts in 
								the biblical texts were intentionally inserted 
								for an ultra-important reason that both the 
								modern christians and the critics fail to 
								understand.  further, the removal and editing of 
								these alleged discordances, inconsistencies and 
								supposed conflicts in the scriptures by the 
								scribes and translators, has directly inhibited 
								the gospels from fulfilling their intended core 
								purpose as the text-book for the lost prodigal 
								sons/daughters to return and be restored to the 
								edenic kingdom of origination that each person 
								had previously abandoned.  the great looming 
								fact is that the scriptures are not historical 
								accounts -- their authors never intended them to 
								be historical accounts -- and when used in this 
								manner, they are rendered virtually worthless 
								with respect to their original purpose and 
								objectives.  moreover, the acceptance of the old 
								testament as the forerunner to the gospels, the 
								promotion of the jews as the chosen people, and 
								the adoption of replacement theology, has 
								alienated the church from its true source, and 
								has caused the spiritual disenfranchisement of 
								christianity.   the term old testament is a 
								deception, because the gospels are not -- and 
								were never intended to be -- a replacement for 
								the scriptures of the jews.  why?  because the 
								gospels in their original form, better reflect 
								the source than does both judaism and the 
								torah.  the jews were not -- and are not -- the 
								chosen people of god -- and other than the 
								fulfillment of the allegorical spiritual meaning 
								of the old testament in ways that are not at all 
								understood, the gospels have nothing in common 
								with the old testament.  ignorance of the true 
								meaning and purpose of the gospels, has totally 
								destroyed the christian path into the kingdom -- 
								a path that only can be walked while the person 
								is still alive in the physical body.   but the 
								good side is seen in the fact that if you are a 
								sincere seeker -- whether jewish, christian or 
								muslim -- after you understand the true 
								spiritual value and reality of the original 
								gospels, i will reveal to you how to get 
								possession of a copy of the original gospels.   
								why is this important?   because these sacred 
								writings contain invaluable essential wisdom and 
								knowledge that is not available anywhere else in 
								this world.   

 
the above is an 
								excerpt from
								
								http://originalgospel.ebionite.com .   
								as the prodigal sons and daughters, your 
								heavenly father desires your return to the 
								edenic kingdom that you abandoned to travel into 
								this, the far country.  the original 
								gospels were written in order to enable you to 
								travail in theway, and return to the kingdom 
								while you are still physically alive in the 
								body.  in the article (original 
								gospel) i reveal to the reader how to 
								acquire an original copy of the gospels -- how 
								it must be used as the key of knowledge that has 
								the power to transform the mind and enable you 
								to be anointed by the holy spirit -- and why the 
								church has been inhibiting you from possessing 
								the authentic gospels.  


 



 




 
 








												wholeness -
												
"they 
												that are whole have no need of 
												jesus the physician..., i came 
												not to call the righteous..." 
												(mark 2:17).








the 
												facts easily prove that modern 
												christianity has virtually 
												nothing in common with the 
												original gospel teachings of 
												jesus and theway.  











the 
												true (unknown) nature and 
												reality of the scriptures  
												 








the miracle of the gospels








soul-evolution - reincarnation and 
												soul-development








spiritual dna and the allotment of 
												talents to the invited guests 













												original design of the gospels
												










the 
												original spiritual language
												










the 
												essene foundation of judaism and 
												christianity 











the 
												books with the power to deceive
												









												the folly of bad beliefs about 
												god










can i 
												get an original pure copy of the 
												gospels 











the 
												gospel enigma that modern 
												christians can't comprehend
												










the 
												foundation of the soul and the 
												threefold self 











the 
												gospels embody the principles of 
												anamnesis 










the 
												esoteric feminine mystique
												









the 
												folly of original sin: 











												spiritual amnesia 











												organic man ruled over by his 
												lower animal nature  











												animals that walk in the form of 
												man 









animal 
												sacrifice and the living temple 
												









sexual 
												immorality  










the 
												evolving soul  










the 
												holographic mind 










the 
												nazirene vow and the holographic 
												mind 









the 
												removal of the children from the 
												gospels









the 
												paradox of soul-reality 










the 
												religion of roman emperors
												










												biblical foundation mindset
												









the 
												early church on predestination
												







 







 



  





 



 
 







 











































 



 
 




  
 

 



 





  an
ebionite is not a sect or group 
				

but
rather, a spiritual condition


   
				a state  of  body and mind  
				

that
permits entrance into 

the kingdom within





it is not 
				a sin to be deceived by the god of this world

it is only 
				a sin when our heavenly father provides you the means 

to seek 
				the knowledge and divine manna of the kingdom

and you 
				continue to cling to the doctrines of men 

and the 
				ways of this world




 
"if i had 
				not come and spoken to them, they would have no sin, 



but now 
				they have no excuse for their sin"


(john 15:22 nkj)





 
				this day, god has granted you the means and theway 



to find 
				the truth and the kingdom
				 

=== warning ===
if the truths that you 
				encounter herein on this page shock and even offend you, it is 
				because the church has embraced the doctrines of men -- i.e., 
				founded upon the religions of pagan rome -- while suppressing 
				and corrupting the true teachings of yeshua/jesus and theway.   
				seek the truth, and the truth will set you free!   as 
				a prodigal son, it is within your innate power to prove all 
				truths, enter the narrow gate to the inner kingdom, and return 
				to your heavenly father -- just as yeshua/jesus taught and 
				revealed to mankind!



 

 
 



in the beginning all believers and followers of yeshua/jesus were 
called ebionites.   thus, early church authority epiphanius writes that the name ebionite

"...was at first ...a common name for all 
christians" 

(epiphanius adv. haer., xxix. 1)

ebionite
means the 
 "poor ones"

.yeshua
said: "blessed
in spirit are the poor, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven".

quoted
from the gospel of the nazirenes

to
fulfill the requirement to be in the world and not of it, 

one
must be poor in the ways of this world!

the
ebionites are the true disciples of theway

and
the only genuine followers of yeshua






									this web site is for you


									the lost sheep


									the prodigal sons & daughters






why did 
									yeshua have compassion on the common people?




									people who were condemned as sinners by the 
									religious leaders





									while the teachings of yeshua/jesus are the 
									truth


									the way of the churches bring spiritual 
									death





									nothing has changed - history repeats itself


									your choice is to follow the doctrines of 
									men


									doctrines which were/are openly condemned in 
									the bible


									or walk in theway that yeshua ordained and 
									taught





									you can't serve two masters


									you can't be faithful to manmade church 
									doctrines


									and be faithful to yeshua/jesus





									yeshua/jesus came to call 
									

									those who would follow in theway


									but few are willing to 
									

									make the journey

									 


									give me ten minutes of your time


									and i will demonstrate that 


									the doctrines of the church are counterfeit 


									and are in opposition 

to 
									the teachings of yeshua and theway

									 


what was then when yeshua/jesus 
									physically walked the earth, is the same 
									today, and only the names have changed to 
									fool the people who blindly put their faith 
									in the doctrines of men.   
									absolutely nothing has changed!!!   
									in the same way that carnal religious 
									leaders in concert with self-serving 
									government, crucified the messiah/christ at 
									the beginning of our common era, they have 
									continued to crucify the living word in 
									every generation since.   yeshua/jesus 
									had great compassion on the common people, 
									because they were the lost prodigal sons and 
									daughters who were being led in the wrong 
									direction by their religious leaders -- and 
									they were being exploited by the cultural 
									and secular elite.   they were 
									sinners and often unbelievers, because of 
									the manmade doctrines promoted by 
									institutionalized religion.  



the bible is a spiritual book that few 
									possess the spiritual insight to understand.   
									contrary to what christians and most 
									religions preach, all people not only 
									survive death, but the bible itself warns 
									that the fate of the complacent believer, is 
									often worse than the unbeliever.   
									therefore, when the bible portrays those who 
									are dead, it is making reference to the lost 
									prodigal sons who dwell in the
									"outer darkness" 
									under the control of the thinking and 
									mindset of this world.   
									moreover, you will 
									survive physical death whether you listen to 
									me, or reject every word i write.
									  christians have traditionally 
									preached the doctrine of heaven and hell, 
									because the teachings on the journey of the 
									soul has been censored, and they fail to 
									comprehend the teachings of yeshua/jesus 
									with any depth of understanding.


the bible is a spiritual book -- written 
									for the spiritual seekers of theway -- and 
									it's intended application has little in 
									common with the manner in which the churches 
									who have thrown away the
									key of 
									knowledge, have used it.   
									further, while god has little in common with 
									the personification of the heinous beast 
									that is promoted by the fire and brimstone 
									doomsday prophets, neither is the image of 
									god that which is portrayed by the liberal 
									lost.   as the soul who lived as 
									jacob, who people call james, the brother of 
									yeshua who is called jesus, i am here merely 
									to convey to others the knowledge that has 
									been lost and thrown away by the church in 
									the past.   i am here to help the 
									lost prodigal sons and daughters make 
									informed choices.   i don't want 
									your money -- i do not need your 
									acknowledgement -- i do not want you to be 
									my followers -- and my only objective is to 
									convey to you the truth that the very church 
									which today calls itself christian, murdered 
									the true disciples of yeshua/jesus  in 
									order to silence them.   and while 
									it is true that during the reformation many 
									sincere christians attempted to restore the 
									religion of yeshua/jesus, they were defeated 
									by their own lack of knowledge as to the 
									very purpose and objective of the teachings 
									of theway.    in not 
									understanding the original spiritual intent 
									and objective, it was impossible for the 
									framers of the reformation to restore what 
									the church of rome has thrown away and 
									destroyed.   spiritual knowledge 
									can only be received and imparted to those 
									who are themselves spiritual -- and while 
									important sacred knowledge was imparted to 
									the original disciples -- important scared 
									knowledge that yeshua/jesus came to reveal 
									to mankind that has been censored, and kept 
									from you -- inhibiting your ability to make 
									informed and rational choices in your life.   
									in realty, inquisitions not only began as 
									early as the first century, but continue to 
									this very day -- and the war between the 
									sons of light and darkness continues 
									unabated.   
the 
									followers of yeshua/jesus who today call 
									themselves christian, should be the most 
									enlightened people on the face of the earth 
									-- but this is not at all the case.   
									spiritually disenfranchised leaders have 
									shackled them to the abyss of ignorance.   
									yeshua taught that all of mankind were 
									equally the prodigal sons and daughters of 
									their heavenly father -- and he taught 
									theway to return to the edenic kingdom from 
									which we all emerged.  thus, each 
									person reading this web site is confronted 
									with the warning: 
									"he who does not remember history is 
									condemned to repeat it" (georges 
									santayana).    

this web site 
									is for you, the common people who have been 
									victimized, exploited and led in the wrong 
									direction by both your religious and secular 
									leaders, as well as our cultural icons.   
									when yeshua sent his disciples forth to tell 
									the people that the kingdom was at hand, and 
									it could be accessed by those who 

“open and unloose 
									the mind" 
(see
									gate of eden), 
									his disciples were not only sent forth in 
									that time frame, but also into the future in 
									order to guide other prodigal sons and 
									daughters who were striving to escape the 
									clutches of self-serving religious leaders 
									who are wolves in sheep's clothing, and 
									secular leaders who serve the god of this 
									world.  throughout every timeframe of 
									man's past, the disciples of yeshua/jesus 
									have been in the world, guiding those who 
									were truly faithful, into the inner kingdom.   
									we were there in the dark ages, working 
									behind the scenes -- when the church was 
									carrying on inquisitions and burning sincere 
									seekers at that stake.   that the 
									disciples of yeshua were murdered in the 
									first century for teaching the truth and 
									theway, continued right up to the present, 
									when they were perpetually hunted down as 
									heretics and murdered.   in fact, 
									it is only in our present time, when 
									government control over the church has been 
									made unlawful, can the truth that was 
									censored in the past, be openly stated. 
									 


our heavenly father has not in any 
									measure abandoned his prodigal sons and 
									daughters -- and quite the opposite, it is 
									man who continues to cling to manmade 
									doctrines, a cultural mindset, and the 
									traditions of this world.    
									all suffering and hardships, are 
									self-imposed and the result of religious, 
									philosophical and cultural ignorance.   
									while the teachings of yeshua/jesus are 
									true, it is the doctrines of the church that 
									lead men astray into lives of spiritual 
									complacency.   and if you begin to 
									truly understand the timeless message of the 
									gospels, you will come to know that most 
									religious leaders are merely pharisees by 
									another name, and most cultural and secular 
									leaders are very much as the romans.   
									nothing has changed on the stage of life -- 
									the players merely use different names in 
									order to fool you.     


the purpose of this web site, then, is to 
									free you who are the lost prodigal sons and 
									daughters of our heavenly father, from the 
									shackles of the counterfeit leaders who 
									imprison you in this, the 
"far country... 
									outer darkness."  
									and this lifesaver which has been 
									divinely extended to you, can keep you from 
									drowning in the sea of dark ignorance that 
									pervades the thinking of the lost sheep -- 
									and is the same lifesaver that yeshua/jesus 
									provided for those who were wise enough to 
									escape the shackles of the pharisees and 
									romans at the beginning of our common era.  
									"the kingdom of 
									heaven is like unto a certain king, which 
									made a marriage for his son, and sent forth 
									his servants to call them that were bidden 
									to the wedding: and they would not come" 
									(matt 22:2-3 kjv).   as the 
									prodigal sons and daughters of our heavenly 
									father, thecall has been made to each of you 
									to return to the kingdom which you once 
									departed from, before venturing into this 
									world which yeshua portrayed as 
"the far country".   
									and thecall is not to come to a church, 
									synagogue, mosque or temple of this world -- 
									but rather, to return to the kingdom which 
									you can enter by travailing in the
									"narrow way" 
									that yeshua taught (see
									gate of eden).  
									because if you don't hear thecall, and come 
									to the voice of the shepherd of the flock 
									while you are still alive in the physical 
									body, you will not be able to enter the 
									kingdom when you pass from this life.   
									and while you will not perish and cease to 
									exist, you will not go to glory as many in 
									the churches believe, or reincarnate as 
									others believe -- but you will have 
									squandered away an opportunity that may not 
									so readily be available to you in the 
									future. 











click the 
									door to learn about theway 





click the 
									door to learn about theway 


									 



 
 




in
the world and not of it

if
you call yourself a christian, jew, messianic believer, evyonim, nazarene or
muslim, 

then
it is imperative that you learn of the ebionites who are true spiritual israel

--
they are the  poor ones to the ways and thinking of this world -- 

the
ebionites were the israelites of the nazirene vow


they are/were the genuine disciples of yeshua/jesus who are in 
the world and not of it! 


those who continue in the way of sin, cannot
"...inherit that glory of righteousness which 
is spiritual and imperishable in heaven"






 

who is a believer? 

the folly of martin luther






yeshua/jesus taught theway to enter the inner kingdom.   he taught 
respecting those who were worthy to be his disciples: 
"if any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross 
daily, and follow me. for whosoever will save his life shall lose it: but 
whosoever will lose his life for my sake, the same shall save it" 
(luke 9:23-24 kjv).   he called all of mankind his brothers and 
sisters -- fellow prodigal sons and daughters who were lost in this, the far 
country.  he condemned those who professed allegiance with their lips, and 
were not committed to living the necessary consecrated life in theway.   
he taught that his disciples and believers would do even greater works than he 
did.  he taught that you can't live in accord with the thinking, mindset 
and lifestyle of this world, and be his disciple.   and those who did 
not themselves pick up their own cross, and follow in theway, could not be 
counted among those who would be considered believers.   if they 
believed, then they would do as he commanded.  those who do not do, do not 
believe. 





one of the many important teachings of yeshua and theway that was removed 
from the bible is still found in many of the ancient christian writing: 

"though you be gathered 
together in my bosom, if you keep not my commandments i will cast you forth. for 
if you keep not the lesser mysteries, who shall give you the greater."  

these teachings confirm that the above examples 
under original gospel message are correct and true -- i.e., 
"and why call ye me, lord, lord, and do not the things which i say?" 
(luke 6:46 kjv).   the modern church is spiritually disenfranchised -- 
and embraces the blind-faith doctrines of men -- because they reject the 
lifestyle and mindset that yeshua said was absolutely necessary to embrace in 
the believer's life.   and while paul was correct that there is no 
salvation through a ritual and outward observance of the law, it was the same 
paul who commanded to 
"…take captive every thought to make it obedient 
to christ" (2 
cor 10:5 niv) -- and further commanded:
"put to death, therefore, whatever 
belongs to your earthly nature" 
(col 3:5 niv). to the degree that paul warned:


“for if ye live after the flesh, ye shall die: 
but if ye through the spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, ye shall live”
(rom 8:13 kjv).   that more was expected of the 
followers of yeshua is confirmed in the words: "for i 
say unto you, that except your righteousness shall exceed the righteousness of 
the scribes and pharisees, ye shall in no case enter into the kingdom of heaven" 
(matt 5:20 kjv)





the church rejects these teachings, because they have embraced 
both the doctrines of pagan rome, and those of martin luther who was himself a 
priest in the roman church.   martin luther preached a doctrine of 
redemption -- perpetual redemption -- teaching that christians should live in 
sin as seen in his words:
"be a sinner, 
and let your sins be strong, but let your trust in christ be stronger, and 
rejoice in christ who is the victor over sin, death, and the world.  we 
will commit sins while we are here, for this life is not a place where justice 
resides...  no sin can separate us from him, even if we were to kill or 
commit adultery thousands of times each day." ('let your sins be 
strong, from 'the wittenberg project;'  'the wartburg segment', translated 
by erika flores, from dr. martin luther's saemmtliche schriften, letter no. 99, 
1 aug. 1521).   martin luther even went as far in opposition to the 
teachings of yeshua and theway, as to condemn those who strove to live the 
consecrated life that the gospel ordained -- as seen in the words: 
"those pious souls who do good to gain the kingdom of heaven not only will never 
succeed, but they must even be reckoned among the impious; and it is more 
important to guard them against good works than against sin."  
(wittenberg, vi, 160, quoted by o'hare, in 'the facts about luther, tan books, 
1987, p. 122).   
thus, there is simply very little that the modern church holds in common with 
the original teachings of yeshua and theway which was the path of spiritual 
transformation and completion -- and the command: 

"wherefore come out from among them, and be ye 
separate, saith the lord, and touch not the unclean thing; and i will receive 
you" (2 cor 6:17 kjv).





the great question 

the only question that every person 
must ask themselves, is whether they want to seek and know the truth now, while 
they still have the opportunity to make meaningful spiritual change in their 
lives?  or do they want to find out the truth when they pass from this 
life, and they no longer have the same opportunities they do while in the 
body-vessel?   when you build upon the original spiritual foundation 
that yeshua taught, you are no longer shackled by faith and blind belief in 
manmade church doctrines, because as the prodigal sons and daughters of your 
heavenly father, it is within your ability to inherit the promise -- and know 
all things as they truly are. 

 




the ebionites possessed the key of knowledge

having themselves walked in theway, 

they were granted the power to overcome sin and 


"...inherit that glory of righteousness which 
is spiritual and imperishable in heaven"




 

was the ebionites gnostic?

did yeshua teach 
gnosticism?




does man have an inner 
connection

to a higher self, god, and 
the kingdom?





what the scriptures state is that the written word has a spiritual meaning that 
cannot be discerned with man's physical eyes -- or understood with his natural 
organic mind (see letter that killeth - 
see also torah ).   and that the 
physical body-vessel which we presently inhabit, only supports those lesser aspects of mind which correspond to the 
physical, is the reason why the organic 
mind of man cannot comprehend the higher mysteries of god -- and this is why yeshua taught 
the multitude in parables.   and this can be readily seen in the fact that 
in the new testament there are two types of people -- i.e., those who were 
taught in parables because their mindset and lifestyle was too carnal to 
comprehend the mysteries of god (see 
thekeyofknowledge ) -- and those who had abandoned the thinking and 
lifestyle of this world, and become a disciple of yeshua and theway.   and 
speaking to the inner circle who had abandoned the ways of this world: "and 
the disciples came and said to him, why do you speak to them in parables?  he 
answered and said to them, because it has been given to you to know the 
mysteries of the kingdom of heaven, but to them it has not been given" 
(matt 13:10-11 nkj).    what this means is that there was a spiritually 
sustaining knowledge that could only be imparted and taught to the few who had 
detached themselves from the thinking and ways of this world, and had themselves 
commenced to live a life of spiritual transformation.  and this spiritual 
knowledge/divine manna could only be imparted to those who developed the mind 
beyond the physical limitations of the body.   the greek word for this 
experiential direct knowledge of the higher reality of the soul and the kingdom 
of god, is gnosis -- and those who seek the true knowledge of god, are called 
gnostics!





christians don't 
		believe yeshua/jesus







for purely political and 
	doctrinal purposes, the gentile church which came under the direct rulership 
	of pagan rome, has promoted the idea that the 
	disciples of yeshua were too jewish to comprehend his teachings because 
	they (the disciples) did not believe he was god.   when it was 
	pointed out the the original wording of the gospels confirmed the position 
	of the ebionites that yeshua/jesus was a man who became the messiah/christ 
	by fulfilling the law within himself, the fourth century pagans who called 
	themselves christians, changed the words reportedly spoken by god directly 
	to mankind, in order to make the gospels support their pagan doctrines of 
	belief (see the ten words).   
	thus, even to this very day the church continues to preach the doctrines of 
	the pagans, while suppressing the sacred words directly spoken by god to 
	man.   and thus, the warning of paul has come to pass when he 
	wrote:  
	  
“do not be arrogant", warns paul,
	"but be afraid” (rom 11:20 niv).   
	why?   why would the apostle warn the christians they should be afraid?   
	this is an important question for the modern believer who is under the grave 
	misconception that he has automatically inherited group-salvation to 
	understand.   paul not only warned that they should be afraid because of the 
	(1) direct censorship of the very words of god spoken to mankind; (2) and 
	the violation of the covenant with god when the gentile converts ignored the 
	warning of the apostle:  “for if god did not spare 
	the natural jewish branches, he will not spare you either… otherwise, you 
	also will be cut off” (rom 11:21-22 niv) -- be because of their 
	apostasy to the original gospel teachings, they have relinquished any hope 
	of the salvation they believe they have inherited (see
	the lie - ten 
	minutes to truth).    and in perceiving the decline and fall of the 
	church, paul even went as far as to warn that the gospel would cease to be 
	taught, and the the church which calls itself christians would in fact 
	worship satan in place of god (see
	the church of the antichrist).   
	and the fact that the christians have totally failed to heed these warnings 
	of paul, is the reason why the church has been cut off, and the christian 
	world continues to dwell in a spiritual diaspora -- shackled by the very 
	ignorance that they brought upon themselves. 

while the facts are all proven beyond any doubt 
	in the above links, the christian world which dwells in a world of denial, 
	has chosen to totally ignore the facts.   why?   from a 
	church perspective, spiritual knowledge is distained and rejected in order 
	to remain faithful to blind belief -- i.e., the blind belief in the 
	doctrines of men.   paul commanded to  
"prove all 
	things" -- and the 
	fact that mankind possesses the innate ability to prove the truth beyond any 
	doubt -- and this innate ability is in fact part of his spiritual dna -- is 
	the reason why it has been stated: 
"my people are destroyed 
	for lack of knowledge  ...therefore, my people have gone into captivity, 
	because they have no knowledge" (hosea 4:6; isa 5:13) 
	-- and what was true then, remains true to this very day, as presented in 
	the words: 
"those who lead you cause you to err, and destroy 
	the way of your paths" (isa 3:12 nkj).    and 
	because man, as the prodigal sons and daughters of the most high, has the 
	innate ability to prove the truth beyond any doubt, he is without excuse -- 
	i.e., 
"...because that which is known about god ...for god 
	made it evident to them. ...so that they are 
	without excuse" (rom 1:19-20 nas). 
	

did the original ebionite nazirene disciples 
	know the truth that others could not receive?   
to continue to 
	embrace these great dogmatic lies perpetuated by the pagan church 
	of rome, is to promote the doctrine that yeshua/jesus was wrong in 
	the above words that are very clearly stated in every new testament which he 
	conveyed to his original disciples and followers -- 
	i.e.,  "...it has been given to you to know the mysteries of the 
	kingdom of heaven, but to them it has not been given"
.    in the words of the early church writer, the name 
	ebionite: "...was at first ...a common name for all 
	christians" (epiphanius adv. haer., xxix. 1).  and that 
	these original ebionite disciples possess a spiritual knowledge that could 
	not be received by those who did not themselves live the necessary 
	consecrated life that yeshua/jesus ordained as an important aspect of 
	travailing in theway, is representative of a foundational gospel teaching.   
	and this is seen in the fact that while the people of this world seek out 
	other men to teach them -- often what those who call themselves teachers do 
	not possess the knowledge of -- is representative of a total denial of what 
	yeshua/jesus commanded when he conveyed to his disciples to seek out the one 
	teacher which the disciples portrayed as the true prophet (see
	true prophet) -- of whom 
	the apostle peter in the homiles of is disciple clement is quoted as 
	stating:  
“hence, 
	o beloved clement,
	if you would know the things pertaining to god, you have to learn them 
	from him alone, because he alone knows the truth." 
   and herein lies the 
	problem in that not only has the church rejected the mindset and lifestyle 
	which yeshua/jesus taught was necessary to begin the journey in theway which 
	enables the disciple to learn directly from the one teacher which all 
	genuine christians are commanded to seek out and learn from -- but this 
	spiritual knowledge (divine manna) is representative of the very meaning of 
	the world gnosis -- and gnosis was condemned by the church of rome as 
	heresy.   and thus, the warning of peter in the homiles with 
	respect to seeking and deciphering the truth when the scriptures are opened 
	where the apostle warns:  
"...therefore great care is to be 
	taken, that when the law of god is read, it be not read according to the 
	understanding of our own mind. for there are many sayings in the divine 
	scriptures which can be drawn to that sense which every one has preconceived 
	for himself; and this ought not to be done. for you ought not to seek a 
	foreign and extraneous sense, which you have brought from without".     
	and in an absolute total denial of every aspect of these words, the 
	faith-based church rejects the gnosis and sacred manna that can only be 
	imparted to those who can receive it from the true prophet -- even censoring 
	and corrupting the very works spoken to mankind by god -- and preaching 
	instead the dogma of pagan rome.   and because  
"those who 
	lead [the believers] cause you to err, and destroy the way of your paths" 
	(isa 3:12 nkj) -- the very means to acquire the sacred knowledge imparted 
	directly by the true prophet/son of god, has been rejected and condemned as 
	heresy. 

to embrace and promote this grave dogmatic lie in the manner of modern christians, is to spiritually disenfranchise one's 
	own self from the 
	very essence of the teachings of yeshua and theway.   in fact, the 
	disciples asked the above question as to why he taught the multitude only in 
	parables, because yeshua had not only revealed the 
	higher mysteries of the kingdom to them, but had brought them into the inner 
	kingdom where they were able to experience man's higher soul and spiritual reality 
	(see gateofeden ).    as the soul who 
	lived as jacob who people call james, the brother of yeshua (see
	brotherofyeshua.com ) who people 
	call jesus, myself and the other disciples were brought into the inner 
	kingdom which is beyond the barrier of this physical world which 
	is portrayed as the  "far country... outer darkness".    
	paul spoke of a similar journey that he had himself made into the kingdom, as recounted in the words:   
i will 
“...tell about the visions i've had, and revelations 
	from the lord. fourteen years ago i was taken up to heaven for a visit. 
	don't ask me whether my body was there or just my spirit, for i don't know; 
	only god can answer that. but anyway, there i was in paradise, and heard 
	things so astounding that they are beyond a man's power to describe or put 
	in words (and anyway i am not allowed to tell them to others)”
(2 cor 12:1-4 tlb).   
	and it is not so much as paul states that those who make the 
	journey into the inner kingdom can't tell what they witnessed -- but rather, 
	the untransformed organic mind of the people of this world can't conceive of 
	man's own higher soul and spiritual reality.   


when my brother yeshua 
	expressed the need for each believer to pick up their own cross, and travail 
	in theway which would bring about the next stage of soul-birth (see
	knowthyself ), 
	it was in the reality of their own experiences as portrayed in the words:
	
"we must through many tribulations enter 
	the kingdom of god" (acts 14:22 nkj).    
	the tribulations they speak of is the process of severing one's attachments 
	to the thinking and ways of the flesh, and bringing about the necessary 
	transformation of the body to make it a consecrated temple (see
	final temple) of the most high 
	-- i.e., in the words of paul:  "put to 
	death, therefore, whatever belongs to your earthly nature"
(col 3:5 niv). 
to the degree that paul warned: 


“for if ye live after the flesh, ye shall die: but if 
	ye through the spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, ye shall live” 
	(rom 8:13 kjv).   with respect to my above 
	statement pertaining to the actual ability of the disciples to enter the 
	inner kingdom, this is allegorically portrayed in the old testament with 
	respect to the high priest entering within the holy of holies and dwelling with the lord.   
	and while this important teaching became lost when the teachings of yeshua 
	and theway became corrupted under pagan rome, the time has come for the 
	modern church to begin to restore the original spiritual objectives of my brother yeshua 
	--  teachings with respect to being in the world and not of it -- and 
	living the ordained life that permits the disciple to enter in at the 
"narrow strait gate" within, 
	and dwell in the house of the lord while one is still physically alive in 
	this world.   gnosis, then, is not in any manner the knowledge 
	associated with the earth -- but rather, is the experiential knowledge, or the divine manna, 
	that the disciple receives, by entering the inner kingdom as the prodigal 
	son or daughter escapes the physical limitations of this world -- sacred 
	knowledge which can only be imparted to the disciple directly from the
	true prophet/son of god/logos.

 





the great lie!!!

published by the synagogue of satan 

to deceive and seduce 
the church elect!





the ebionites were unjustly condemned as heretics because it was 
said that they were torah observant.  yet, they rejected all animal sacrifice, were 
strict vegetarians, and they rejected the literal interpretation of the law of 
moses.   quoting epiphanius: the ebionites 

"do not accept moses' pentateuch in its 
entirety; certain sayings they reject... stating christ has revealed this to me, 
and will blespheme most of the legislation"
(panarion 30.18.7-9).   epiphanius then quotes the gospel of the 
ebionites/hebrews where yeshua states:
"i have come to destroy the sacrifices"
(ibid. 30.16.5).   they were observant of the law -- but this 
was the royal law that is spiritual.  in reference to the ebionites, 
epiphanius states:

"they
are jews. they use gospels. eating meat is abominable to them. they consider
water to have sacred properties... they often baptize themselves in water,
summer and winter, for sanctification..." (panarion, 19:28-30).  
so to say that the ebionites are torah observant in the manner of the pharisees, 
in view of the recorded fact that they 
"...blespheme most of the legislation 
...they use gospels. eating meat is 
abominable to them" 
-- is a lie that was promoted by the gentile church that was too heathen in 
their mindset to comprehend the spiritual nature of the teachings of yeshua and 
theway -- and the gentile church condemned the ebionites in order to adopt pagan teachings, rituals 
and religious observances which were common to pagan rome.

 












click above to 
										access





the 
										lie of judaism: that yeshua/jesus was 
										not the messiah!


the 
										lie of christianity: that yeshua/jesus 
										was god incarnate!


the 
										lie of islam: that yeshua/jesus said 
										another was yet to come





the inner spiritual core of judaism 
										totally believes in yeshua and his 
										teachings -- and they see him as having 
										ushered in a new messianic age of the 
										final temple which is spiritual and 
										living.   the conflict between the three 
										religions, as well as world peace, 
										cannot be achieved because of the three 
										lies.   that the spiritual core of 
										judaism believes that the historical 
										yeshua as a messiah -- and ushered in 
										the final temple -- cannot be 
										acknowledged because of the paganism of 
										christianity and the idolatry of the 
										church in the worship of jesus as god in 
										accord with the doctrines of the emperor 
										constantine.   moreover, this same 
										idolatry not only was instrumental in 
										the creation of islam, but is the very 
										reason why muslims view christians as 
										worshiping a false god.    yet, because 
										islam itself has become corrupted, the 
										flaw that each sees in the other, is as 
										the beam that is blinding the vision of 
										each of the three.   click the above the 
										three lies graphic to access the article 
										and learn the truth for yourself. 






 

christianity

the apostate church of

simon magus




what was yeshua's crime?

what law did he violate?

christians remain 
totally ignorant of the answers?

like the pharisees, 
they cling to the doctrines of men!!! 




"hypocrites! well did isaiah 
prophesy about you, saying:
'these people draw near to me with their mouth, and honor me with their lips,


but their heart is far from me.  
and in vain they worship me, 

teaching as doctrines the 
commandments of men.' "
(matt 15:7-9 nkj)


the law is spiritual


and can only be fulfilled, by a people who are themselves, spiritual
 


the ritual observance of the torah which yeshua rejected, requires such 
things as the eating 
of meat -- and yet, it is well documented that the ebionites were strict 
vegetarians and condemned all animal sacrifice.   epiphanius quotes 
the gospel of the hebrews at the passover which the ebionites used exclusively:
"have i desired with desire to eat this flesh of the 
passover with you?"  -- and this phrase is not only quoted 
almost word for word in what is now known as the
gospel of the nazirenes, but a more 
important aspect that was deleted from our modern bibles is revealed in the 
testimony of judas to the high priest that the crime of jesus was his rejection 
of the ritual observance of the law which was manifest in the slaughter of a 
lamb  quoting the nazirene gospel 
that parallels the original matthew before being corrupted by the church: 
"for judas had bought the lamb, but yeshua had 
forbidden that it be killed"   and this was the 
crime of yeshua that was set before the high priest: 
"now judas iscariot had gone to the house of caiaphas and said to him, behold he 
has celebrated the passover, within the gates, with the mazza in place of the 
lamb. i indeed bought a lamb, but he forbade that it should be killed, and lo, 
the man of whom i bought it is witness. and caiaphas rent his clothes and said, 
truly this is a passover of the law of moses. he has done the deed which is 
worthy of death, for it is a mighty transgression of the law. what need of 
further witness? yea, even now two robbers have broken into the temple and 
stolen the book of the law, and this is the end of his teaching. let us tell 
these things to the people who follow him, for they will fear the authority of 
the law."


 when paul condemned 
the reading of the written words of the law as the 
"letter that killeth", he was making reference to the fact that the 
scriptures are an allegory -- i.e., the key of knowledge that must be turned 
within self in search of the inner kingdom (see 
gate of eden).   and in making your body into the divine temple, 
the lower nature which is portrayed in the allegory of the written words of the 
scriptures, must be transformed in the life of the disciple of yeshua and 
theway.   thus, yeshua taught: "for they, 
making a god of their belly, sacrificed to their god the innocent creatures of 
the earth, in place of the carnal nature within themselves."   
thus, yeshua was condemned because he rejected the ritual observation of the 
law.   and thus, neither modern jews or spiritually disenfranchised 
christians are able to comprehend how the law is still in effect -- and must be 
observed by those seeking the kingdom -- and must be fulfilled within the 
body-mind of the disciples: "do not think that i came 
to destroy the law or the prophets. i did not come to destroy but to fulfill. 
for assuredly, i say to you, till heaven and earth pass away, one jot or one 
tittle will by no means pass from the law till all is fulfilled.  whoever 
therefore breaks one of the least of these commandments, and teaches men so, 
shall be called least in the kingdom of heaven; but whoever does and teaches 
them, he shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven.  for i say to you, 
that unless your righteousness exceeds the righteousness of the scribes and 
pharisees, you will by no means enter the kingdom of heaven" (matt 
5:17-20 nkj).   


 whatever is of the 
flesh, whether it be a literal/historical interpretation of the scriptures by 
modern christians, or a ritual interpretation of the law by the jews, both are 
equally the way of death -- i.e., "it is the spirit who 
gives life; the flesh profits nothing. the words that i speak to you are spirit, 
and they are life" (john 6:63 nkj).   the ebionites who 
were taught the inner meaning of the scriptures, were torah observant in the 
spiritual essence of what yeshua taught.  but in the carnal blindness of 
the gentiles, they made themselves lawless -- apostates to the law of god which 
is spiritual -- and in the manmade doctrines of the church the reality is 
fulfilled: "whoever therefore breaks one of the least 
of these commandments, and teaches men so, shall be called least in the kingdom 
of heaven."  and because they have made themselves apostates to 
the law of god -- blind to its meaning in the spirit -- the modern christian 
world remains spiritually disenfranchised.   moreover, those who call 
themselves ebionites or nazarenes, and continue to feed dead flesh to their 
bellies, instead of transforming the carnal nature within themselves, are 
themselves the disciples of simon magus.


 while being a 
vegetarian does not of itself fulfill the law, in the same way that paul taught 
that the sons of abraham was an allegorical portrayal of a higher truth, so too 
is every aspect of the word of god -- and every jot or tittle has a deeper 
meaning than what is perceived by those of a carnal mind.  by living the 
consecrated life ordained by yeshua, the ebionites perceived the true inner 
meaning of the scriptures that believer of the simple faith are blind to -- 
i.e.,  "then opened he 
their understanding, that they might understand the scriptures" 
(luke 24:45).  and from 
a literal/historical and outward ritual perception, epiphanius was correct when 
he wrote of the ebionites that  
"...christ has revealed this to me, and will blespheme most of the legislation"
(panarion 30.18.7-9).  therefore, the ebionites could not have been 
torah observant in the "letter that killeth" 
in the manner of the jews, and neither were they lawless apostates in the manner 
of the christians who were too heathen to understand the spiritual essence of 
the teachings of yeshua and theway.   being spiritual, and living the 
proper ordained consecrated life, the ebionites were the fulfillment of the 
requirement to be in the world and not of it.  for yeshua himself concealed 
the mysteries of god from the people of a carnal mind, revealing only to his 
ebionite disciples the truth and the inner meaning of the scriptures and the 
law: 
“the secret of the kingdom of god has been given to you. 
but to those on the outside everything is said in parables so that, they may be 
ever seeing but never perceiving, and ever hearing but never understanding” 
(mark 4:11-12 niv).   and 
this inability for the believers of the simple faith to comprehend the mysteries 
of god was confirmed by paul who wrote: 

“and i, brethren, could not speak to you as to spiritual 
men, but as to men of flesh, as to babes in christ” (1 cor 3:1).   
thus, these believers could only be taught the doctrine of jesus christ and him 
crucified (1 cor 2:2), because they were not yet spiritual men -- but rather, 
they were men of flesh and still very much “babes in 
christ”.   paul then explains that: “i gave 
you milk to drink, not solid food; for you were not yet able to receive it. 
indeed, even now you are not yet able” (1 cor 3:2).

 




ebionites knew the spiritual meaning of the 
scriptures

yeshua condemned the ritual and literal interpretation of the 
scriptures. 

as it is written: 
"he who kills a bull is as if he slays a man; he who 
sacrifices a lamb, as if he breaks a dog's neck; he who offers a grain offering, 
as if he offers swine's blood; he who burns incense, as if he blesses an idol. 
just as they have chosen their own ways, and their soul delights in their 
abominations, so will i choose their delusions, and bring their fears on them; 
because, when i called, no one answered, when i spoke they did not hear; but 
they did evil before my eyes, and chose that in which i do not delight." (isa 66:3-4 nkj)


the jews condemned the ebionites because they (the ebionites) rejected the ritual and historical 
interpretation of the torah/law -- and anyone who states that the ebionites were 
torah observant in the traditional jewish manner, is totally ignorant of what 
yeshua taught and the spiritual reality the ebionites embraced.





foundational
jewish message

the
zohar states that one should perform the will of god like a poor man (zohar 111,
195a). like a poor man, one should always address god with humble words of
supplication (tzava'as harivash 7). the dead sea scrolls demonstrate that
yeshua/jesus was very jewish, and the teachings of theway parallels the path of
jewish mysticism which is taught by many kabbalahistic rabbis today.



disciples
by imitation of messiah/christ

they
often quoted the words of yeshua/jesus (
matt. 10: 24- 25
) as their warrant, and affirmed their motto to be: "we
also would be imitators of christ" (origen, quoted by schliemann).
yeshua/jesus, they asserted, 
"was justified by
fulfilling the law. he was the christ of god, since not one of the rest of
mankind had observed the law completely. had any one else fulfilled the
commandments of the law, he would have been the christ."
hence 
 "when
ebionites thus fulfill the law, they are able to become christs, for they assert 
that our lord himself was a man in like sense with all humanity."
 (hippolytus, refut. omn. haer. vii. 34).  the ebionites remained
faithful to the teachings of yeshua/jesus: that he was our elder brother -- that
as the children of god, each of us has the potential to do what he did -- that
when we receive the anointing (messiah/christ), that we will know what he knew
-- and as children of the most high, we can be at-one with our heavenly father
by walking in theway, and beginning our own return journey of the prodigal
son/daughter back to the edenic kingdom of origination from which we originally
emerged.

and
what was the ebionite nazirene beliefs about yeshua/jesus:   "they revered jesus as the greatest of the prophets, endowed with supernatural virtue and power. they ascribed to his person and to his future reign all the predictions of the hebrew oracles which relate to the spiritual and everlasting kingdom of the promised messiah" 
(gibbon; decline & fall of the roman empire, v.2, p.222).
 



the
essence of theway

yeshua/jesus
did not come to promote belief in the messiah/christ - neither did he come to
promote the worship of messiah/christ - jesus came to teach the people theway to
become messiah/christ, and fulfill the vision of a kingdom of priests and a holy
nation of anointed (messiah/christ) disciples who are set aside for the service
of the most high god that yeshua taught was the father of all of mankind. the
path of theway could not be walked by many jews because they were carnal in
their perception of the law (torah), and could not use the key of knowledge to
open the inner door to the kingdom.  in like manner, the majority of the roman and greek followers who were too pagan to embrace the
teachings of yeshua, were not interested in a life of genuine change and
spiritual transformation, so they made jesus their god so they didn't have to
pick up their own cross and follow in theway. thus, the church itself betrayed
and crucified messiah/christ when it immersed itself in the way of the heathen,
and worshiped the messenger instead of imitating the pattern and example that
yeshua set as the required standard for all those who called upon the name of
the lord. the good news is that once you understand and are willing to live in
accordance with the original teachings of the new covenant, the promise is that
you will know the truth for yourself as you are permitted entrance into the
kingdom within you (lk 17:20-21).
 




a
purely spiritual kingdom

if
you expect to go to glory when you die, you won't! 

if
you are awaiting the kingdom to come, it won't!

if
you don't enter the kingdom (within) while in the body, the opportunity will be
closed to you!

you
must pick up your own cross and follow in theway, to enter the kingdom!

begin
the journey now!  before it is too late!
 

when
questioned by pilate, yeshua said that his kingdom was not of this world: "jesus answered,
'my kingdom is not of this world. if my kingdom were of this world, my servants would
fight... but now my kingdom is not from here'" (john 18:36 nkj).  
the reality of this inner kingdom was further confirmed when yeshua stated to
the pharisees: "now when he was asked by the pharisees when the kingdom of god would come, he answered them and said,
the kingdom of god does not come with observation;
nor will they say, 'see here!' or 'see there!' for indeed, the kingdom of god is within
you" (luke 17:20-21 nkj).   and that this was the
original essene/ebionite teachings on the kingdom is further documented by
edward gibbon in the decline and fall of the roman empire where he writes: 
"among
the christians who were brought before the tribunal of the emperor, or, as it
seems more probable, before that of the procurator of judaea, two persons are
said to have appeared, distinguished by their extraction, which was more truly
noble than that of the greatest monarchs. these were the grandsons of st. jude
the apostle, who himself was the brother of jesus christ.  
their natural pretensions to the throne of
david might perhaps attract the respect of the people, and excite the jealousy
of the governor; but the meanness of their garb, and the simplicity of their
answers, soon convinced him that they were neither desirous nor capable of
disturbing the peace of the roman empire. they frankly confessed their royal
origin, and their near relation to the messiah; but  
they
disclaimed any temporal views, and professed that
his kingdom, which they devoutly expected, was purely of a spiritual and angelic
nature."


in two important recent christian
archeological discoveries known as the oxyrhynchus papyri and the gospel of
thomas, we can see this essential teaching that the fourth century church of constantine removed from the bible
which yeshua conveyed to those who asked him about the coming of the
kingdom: “when the lord was asked by a certain man,
when should his kingdom come, he said unto him, when two shall be one and the
without as the within, and the male with the female, neither male nor female”.  
that this is an authentic saying of yeshua which was at one time in our
scriptures is affirmed by st. clement, the disciple of peter, in his the
second epistle of clement where he writes: “let
us expect, therefore, hour by hour, the kingdom of god in love and
righteousness, since we know not the day of the appearing of god. for the lord
himself, being asked by one when his kingdom would come, replied, 'when two
shall be one, that which is without as that which is within, and the male with
the female, neither male nor female’”.  
what these important teachings convey is the reality of an inner
armageddon, and the spiritual birth of the disciple in the kingdom within (see gateofeden).  
within the allegory of the book of daniel and the revelation of john, lies the
necessary knowledge of the laws that inhibit our entrance into the inner kingdom
-- and this sacred manna is the knowledge that can only be revealed to those who
embrace the mindset, the lifestyle and adhere to the commandments that makes the
disciple of theway a fit vessel to use the key of knowledge to unlock the inner "narrow
gate" that provided entrance into the kingdom of our heavenly
father.


 


ebionites 


the spiritual
foundation of christianity



a
most important thought 

for
all jews, messianic jews and christians 

to contemplate!
 

many
messianic jews attempt to embrace traditional christian doctrine with a jewish
facade in an attempt to convert other jews to a quasi-form of
jewish-christianity with a roman pagan foundation.  in view of the fact that the original
followers of yeshua are historically described as 
“…rejected
from one religion as apostates, and from the other as heretics”
(gibbon: decline & fall of the roman empire, v.1, p.416), this conversion to
jewish-christianity would be a grave error -- as grave an error as embracing
traditional christianity which is fundamentally of 4th century roman origin.   i have often heard it
expressed by both messianic jews and christians that only paul understood the
teachings of yeshua, and his disciples were too jewish.   yet, paul
was the father of christian gnosticism which was a parallel religious path --
and it is
correctly pointed out by prof. hyam maccoby in the
mythmaker: paul and the invention of christianity (see abstract),
that: "the ebionites are thus by no means a
negligible or derisory group. their claim to represent the original teaching of
jesus has to be taken seriously. it is quite wrong, therefore, to dismiss what
they had to say about paul as unworthy of attention."    
prof. maccoby then writes: "consequently, if the
gospel of matthew contains assertions by jesus about the validity of the torah,
this is strong evidence that jesus actually made these assertions, for only a
persistent and unquenchable tradition that jesus said these things would have
induced the author of the gospel to include such recalcitrant material, going
against the grain of his own narrative and standpoint.  if jesus himself
was an adherent of the torah, there was no need for re-judaization on the part
of the nazarenes in jerusalem, who were simply continuing the attitudes of
jesus.  but, in any case, several scholars have now come to think that the
loyalty of the jerusalem movement to the torah is itself strong evidence that
jesus was similarly loyal. it is, after all, implausible, to say the least, that
the close followers of jesus, his companions during his lifetime, led by his
brother, should have so misunderstood him that they reversed his views
immediately after his death. the 'stupidity' motif characterizing the disciples
in the gospels is best understood as a pauline attempt to explain away the
attachment of the 'jerusalem church' to judaism, rather than as historical
obtuseness."   

in
the case of matthew which was rejected by martin luther as the most jewish of
the gospels, matthew himself was a tax collector -- a secular-minded outcast
from the judaism of his day.    so his many statements which
pertained to the observance of the law and the requirement that the followers of
yeshua were required to keep the law to a higher perfected level than was
practiced by the pharisees, can only be attributed to the direct influence of the historical
yeshua and the original teachings of theway.    which means that
the doctrine of faith that was taught by paul (see paul),
has absolutely nothing to do with the static and complacent faith of the
christian church
which evolved out of a failure to understand the gnosticism of paul, and the
corrupted doctrine of faith which was then championed by pagan rome.   as a tax collector, matthew could
only have become torah observant and what has been described as ultra-jewish,
under the direct influence of his teacher and master yeshua/jesus.   
   

prof.
maccoby then states:  "it may well be that
some, at least, of these groups were genuine historical continuations of the
nazarene community led by james and peter, and were thus closer in spirit to
jesus than the official catholic church based on the teachings of paul. if so,
we may be inclined to listen to what they had to say about the background and
life of paul with more attention, since they may have had access, through their
unbroken tradition, with the origins of the christian religion and its earliest
conflicts.".   

  




 










  

				this is the web site 
				


 


*** da vinci code update ***
 





  

				the church does not want you to see 
				




while the 
				popular books 
				the da vinci 
				code, the jesus papers, and the holy grail are all fictional 
				portrayals built upon certain facts that the church is 
				hiding from - and for its own institutional perpetuation, is attempting to keep you from knowing 
				-- this web 
				site represents the 100% essence of fact that these fictional 
				accounts are built off of.   long before the da vinci 
				code controversy, biblical scholars such as 




				a. powell davies warned the christian world that discoveries 
				such as the dead sea scrolls had confirmed what they had believed 
				all along -- that the roman church created the divinity of 
				yeshua/jesus -- i.e., 
“biblical
scholars were not disturbed by what they found in the dead sea scrolls because
they had known all along that the origin of christianity was not what was
commonly supposed to have been” 
				(quoted
by millar burrows in more light on the dead sea scrolls).  worse yet, 


				edmund
wilson, an expert who worked on the dead sea scrolls further raised the question
as to what difference it makes if “jesus...
had been trained in the discipline and imbued with the thought of a certain
jewish sect, and that he had learned from it the role that he afterwards
lived...” (the scrolls from the dead sea).  to the uninformed 
				and unknowing believer, it made all the difference in the 
				world!  if 
				yeshua was an essene who lived a holy and consecrated life, 
				fulfilling the law within himself so completely, that he became 
				one with the logos/son of god at his baptism as stated by all 
				church authorities prior to the fourth century nicene council 
				held by the roman emperor constantine (see
				the ten words), then the 
				adam clark bible commentary is correct when it states that 

"...the whole christian system is 
				vain and baseless"!!!  
 
				

when 
				prof. john allegro was quoted as saying that what has been 
				revealed in the discovery of the dead sea scrolls is a great 
				amount of overwhelming evidence that 
“...may 
				upset a great many basic teachings of the christian church.   
				this in turn would greatly upset many christian theologians and 
				believers.   the heart of the matter is, in fact, the source and 
				originality of christian doctrine”
(august 1966 issue of harpers 
				magazine); what he was in fact stating is that, everything that 
				we now know about christian beginnings demonstrate that the 
				essene/ebionites were not the heretics, as they were falsely 
				portrayed by the later gentile church, but were in fact the body 
				of genuine believers that held fast to the authentic teachings 
				of yeshua/jesus and the new covenant.   
  

 

what did the dead sea scrolls prove beyond any doubt?
  that the ebionites who were condemned by 
	the  later roman church who created the jesus-god myth, were correct -- and that the gentiles 
	were too heathen to comprehend the teachings of yeshua and theway.   
	thus, the encyclopedia britannica writes: 

"most 
	of the features of ebionite doctrine were anticipated in the teachings of 
	the earlier qumran sect, as revealed in the 
				dead 
	sea scrolls. they believed in one god and taught 
	that jesus was the messiah and was the true "prophet" mentioned in 
	deuteronomy 18:15. they rejected the virgin birth of jesus, instead holding 
	that he was the natural son of joseph and mary. the ebionites believed jesus 
	became the messiah because he obeyed the jewish law. they themselves 
	faithfully followed the law, although they removed what they regarded as 
	interpolations in order to uphold their teachings, which included 
	vegetarianism, holy poverty, ritual ablutions, and the rejection of animal 
	sacrifices. the ebionites also held jerusalem in great veneration. 
	(encyclopaedia 
	britannica online). 
 


 
those who condemn the 
				ebionites as heretics, condemn themselves to ignorance: 
				while it is true that the da vinci codes are fictionalized 
				speculation based upon the fact that the dead sea scrolls 
				and other discoveries all confirm the ebionite witness that yeshua/jesus 
				was a true holy man and prophet who so completely fulfilled the 
				royal law within himself, that he overcame the inner division 
				and barrier between him and god, and became one with the 
				indwelling logos/son of god.   those who condemn the 
				ebionites as heretics, in effect condemn yeshua who taught that he 
				was our brother -- i.e., 
"go instead to my brothers and 
				tell them, 'i am returning to my father and your father, to my 
				god and your god'" (john 20:17 niv).   
				and this is what he taught 
				-- i.e., and that if we pick up our own cross and follow in 
				theway, and fulfill the royal law within ourselves in the manner 
				that yeshua accomplished within himself, we will 
				ourselves move into oneness with the logos/son of god.   
				those who are one with god, will know all that yeshua knew, and would do even greater works and 
				miracles than he did.   he said these words because he 
				was a true holy man who himself became one with god -- which is the 
				ultimate destiny of all souls as they evolve from the alpha of 
				immaturity, to 
				the omega of completion and the fulfillment of the command:
				"you must be perfect, as your heavenly 
				father is perfect" (mt. 5:48).   but 
				more importantly, these facts confirm the manner in which the 
				believer is saved, and achieves salvation, as they imitate the 
				pattern of yeshua/jesus, and themselves fulfill the portrayal of 
				the prodigal son/daughter who returns to the kingdom within (see
				gate of eden).



  

where does the truth 
lie?







a world in denial

blind belief vs the facts

the conflict of the 
ignorant

those who condemn the ebionites

condemn yeshua/jesus










break the shackles of 
						ignorance promoted by the church -- seek truth, and the 
						spirit will guide you in theway.



 those who find the truth

can 
				no longer remain in this,  


"the far country... outer darkness"




 



 



 



 


 





 


two wrongs

don't make a right!!!






 
the real reason:



why the right gets it wrong 



and the left doesn't get it 


beyond the liberal limitations of jim wallis


senior editor-in-chief of sojourners


 
			i so liked the title of jim wallis book 
god's politics: why the right gets it 
			wrong and the left doesn't get it, that i decided to use it as part of my response to the 
			christianity today and lisa ann cockrel's interview with brian 
			mclaren on the da vinci code wherein he stated: 

 

												"one of the problems is 
												that the average christian in 
												the average church who listens 
												to the average christian 
												broadcasting has such an 
												oversimplified understanding of 
												both the bible and of church 
												history - it would be deeply 
												disturbing for them to really 
												learn about church history."

		  how disturbed?   
in the words of prof. elaine pagles, in her 
book, the gnostic gospels:  “it is the winners who 
write history - their way.   no wonder, then, that the viewpoint of the 
successful majority has dominated all traditional accounts of the origin of 
christianity… it suggests that these religious debates - questions of the nature 
of god, or of christ - simultaneously bear social and political implications 
that are crucial to the development of christianity as an institutional 
religion.  in simplest terms, ideas which bear implications contrary to that 
development come to be labeled as heresy; ideas which implicitly support it 
become orthodox”.  

and this is why prof. john allegro wrote of the essene/ebionite connection in 
the dead sea scrolls that the facts and truth 


“...may 
				upset a great many basic teachings of the christian church.   
				this in turn would greatly upset many christian theologians and 
				believers.   the heart of the matter is, in fact, the source and 
				originality of christian doctrine”
while sojourners magazine is critical of the religious right, the truth is not 
			in who is right or who is wrong with respect to liberals and 
			conservatives -- but rather, the degree of truth that each side 
			possesses, and how blind each side is in their condemnation of the 
			other.   that the right gets it wrong, and the left doesn't get it, 
			is because each is attempting to create manmade doctrines in the 
			endeavor to explain the great voids created by the church of 
			constantine.   and while the da vinci code has begun to initiate 
			many questions regarding the divinity of jesus -- which has in turn 
			spawned many inquiries into why the original ebionites were 
			condemned by the gentiles who were generally too heathen and 
			pagan to 
			comprehend and embrace the very spiritual teachings of jesus and 
			theway -- eventually the world will begin to take notice that the truth was 
			known all along, but the church (liberal and conservative) chose to 
			ignore what the hand of god provided in answer to their prayers for 
			greater truth and understanding.

why the right gets it wrong 
and the left doesn't get it 

beyond the liberal limitations of jim wallis

two wrongs don't make a right!!!

senior editor-in-chief of sojourners









click above to access article






			 







	 



 


 


click icon






the kingdom is 
		within you
yeshua taught that the kingdom will 
		never come upon the earth in the manner that carnal men predict:
		"now when he was asked by the pharisees when 
		the kingdom of god would come, he answered them and said, the kingdom of 
		god does not come with observation; nor will they say, 'see here!' or 
		'see there!' for indeed, the kingdom of god is within you" 
		(luke 17:20-21). how does one find the kingdom? through the imitation of 
		messiah/christ. by outwardly living the life of the suffering messiah, 
		one becomes the reigning messiah inwardly -- and only the consecrated 
		reigning messiah can pass through the veil of the inner temple and enter 
		the inner kingdom. the historical yeshua therefore fulfilled all of the 
		messianic prophesies in the scriptures by fulfilling the law within 
		himself, and living the life of the suffering messiah outwardly, all 
		those prophesies pertaining to the reigning messiah came to pass within 
		him as he became one with the most high god. thus, unless you become a 
		disciple of messiah/christ, and learn to understand what it means to 
		pick up your own cross and follow in exact imitation of the pattern that 
		yeshua provided for those who follow in theway, then you can never enter 
		the kingdom of heaven. 



 




yeshua/jesus
predicted the corruption of his teachings

quoting
the gospel of the nazirenes

yeshua/jesus
said: "but the time cometh when darkness shall cover the
earth, and gross darkness the people, and the enemies of truth and righteousness
shall rule in my name, and set up a kingdom of this world and oppress the
peoples.... putting for my doctrines the opinions of men, and teaching in my
name that which i have not taught and darkening much that i have taught by their
traditions. but be of good cheer, for the time will also come when the truth
they have hidden shall be manifested and the light shall shine, and the darkness
shall pass away and the true kingdom shall be established which shall be in the
world but not of it, and the word of righteousness and love shall go forth from
the center...."
 

yeshua/jesus
said: "there shall arise after you, men of perverse minds
who shall through ignorance or through craft, suppress many things which i have
spoken unto you, and lay to me things which i never taught....woe is the time
when the spirit of the world entereth into the church, and my doctrines and
precepts are made void through the corruptions of men and women....but the time
cometh when the things which they have hidden shall be revealed and made known,
and the truth shall make free those which were bound"
 

yeshua/jesus
said: "they shall make alliance with the kings and rulers
of the world and seek earthly power, and riches, and domination, and put to
death by fire and sword those who seek the truth, and therefore are truly my
disciples. and in their days, jesus, shall be crucified a-fresh and put to open
shame, for they will profits to do these things in my name. as i shall be nailed
to the cross, so also shall my church in those days, for she is my bride and one
with me. but the day shall come when this darkness shall pass away, and the true
light shall shine.... and my church shall be filled with light and give light
unto all nations of the earth...."










the death of christianity 



      read the eyewitness account about
      the death of the religion of yeshua/jesus (christianity) -- or, the
      destruction of theway and the second fall of man.  the events of the
      fourth century replaced the teachings of yeshua/jesus with a pagan
      religion which is now called christianity -- a counterfeit religion that
      continues to this very day -- and with the death of the living word and
      the worship of a religious corpse, thereby bringing about the rape,
      pilferage and demise of mankind from a spiritual perspective -- as the
      genuine followers of yeshua/jesus were hunted down and killed to silence
      the voice of the truth!










the second fall of man
if
      the original fall from grace was when man was cast out of the garden of
      eden, then the second fall of man was when the religion of jesus which was
      a re-establishment of the spiritual kingdom, was seduced and overcome by
      the satanic forces that the bible warns controls this world.  thus,
      when the church ate the apple of constantine, and entered into a covenant
      relationship with rome, the spiritual fall of man was brought about which
      has caused the christian world being barred from the kingdom of god! 



 






the predicted 


church of the 
	antichrist



christians are warned that the 
	antichrist would rule over the church, and be worshiped as god -- and this 
	predicted reality continues into our present time.  because christians 
	have ignored the prediction and the fact that satan has ruled over the 
	church since the fourth century, the 
	result is that the prince of darkness continues to rule over the hearts and 
	minds of the believers because, in their state of spiritual complacency, 
	they continue to live in accordance with the culture of this world, and 
	never actually take up their crosses and follow in the footsteps of yeshua.   
	and while they think they are different than the unbeliever, often it is 
	found that they are different only in the words they speak.  
	thus, while they believe and have faith, their faith is misdirected.  
	in failing to recognize the warning of paul with respect to the total
“…dereliction 
	of the essential principles of religious truth, either a total abandonment 
	of christianity itself, or such a corruption of its doctrines as renders the 
	whole system completely inefficient to salvation…”, 
as presented in the adam clark commentary, satan successfully alters the 
	believers perception of the scriptures, and induces them to wait -- rather 
	than begin the journey into the kingdom where the son of god awaits them.



 







the absolute necessity

of the 

church of the 
	antichrist



christians will maintain that 
	if god permitted the church to be ruled by the antichrist, then the truth 
	would be defeated.   and they cling to this position only because 
	they are totally unaware and oblivious to higher reality.   in the 
	same way that in the allegory of the torah, it was absolutely necessary for 
	the children of israel to be made the slaves of egypt -- and israel to be 
	plundered and carried away into babylonian captivity -- so too was it 
	absolutely necessary for the church to fall under satanic control.   
	in fact, if this event did not take place in the fourth century, then the 
	great number of souls who can attain salvation today could not, and the left 
	hand power of darkness would have prevailed over the right hand power of 
	light and theway.  
 
paul warned that the mind of 
	the christian faithful could not comprehend their own higher soul and 
	spiritual reality.  paul stated that it was unlawful to reveal the 
	mysteries of god to those who were still immature.  because the 
	believers of the simple faith are incapable of entering into the living 
	temple of messiah/christ, it is necessary for them to worship in the shadow 
	temple of the antichrist until they have been sufficiently matured, and are 
	able to pick up their own crosses and travail in theway.  most 
	christians are in denial of what the bible states -- and they dwell as jim 
	jones kool-aid drinkers who have wrought their own spiritual death by 
	walking the broad-way that yeshua warned the believers to beware of.

 







the epistles of christ



it has been said that the 
	epistles of christ spoken directly to the christian world, can't be repeated 
	in the churches, because the words of yeshua conflict with the doctrines  
	which were first forced upon the church by the pagan emperor constantine, 
	and then made foundational by martin luther.   
	like the sadducees and pharisees, christians today have chosen to be 
	faithful to the doctrines and traditions of men, and reject the requirements 
	of the lord.  they believe they are right -- and they believe they must 
	be faithful to their church doctrines -- and they have themselves embraced 
	the same error as the sadducees and pharisees who condemned yeshua as a 
	heretic who taught against (their perception) of the word of god.   
	the christians, like the carnal jews before them, point to the scriptures -- 
	scriptures that they are blind to because of the filter of their doctrines 
	of belief.   in the case of the epistles of christ, they act as if 
	these epistles don't exist.   and in their rejection of the lord, of the modern 
	christians it can be said:  
"forasmuch as 
	this people draw near me with their mouth, and with their lips do honor me, 
	but have removed their heart far from me, and their fear toward me is taught 
	by the precept of men” 
	(isa 29:11-13).   and because the modern christian world has made 
	themselves apostates to the kingdom, the lord has sent them a 
“strong delusion” 
	as warned by paul. 

 


click on





pres. bush






 divine 
	strategery 





how 
	god fools mankind - keeping him ignorant of the truth: strategery has 
	become synonymous with when what is portrayed as simple, simpleminded, or 
	even self-evident, is able to dupe and thwart an opposing force that 
	perceives itself to be either superior, or to suppose they know the 
	answers.   divine strategery is how god fools all the religious leaders of 
	this world who think they doctrinally 
	know god -- all the would-be teachers and philosophers of this world who 
	think they know truth -- all 
	the atheists and those who criticize and denounce the existence of god by 
	virtue of their limited perception and understanding -- and all the people 
	in this world who think they understand the purpose of life and the world in 
	which we presently dwell.  as prodigal sons and daughters of our heavenly 
	father, if the people in this life knew the answers, then the learning 
	experience of god's schoolhouse of 
	this world would not effectively evolve us to become true brothers and 
	sisters of our elder brother yeshua/jesus.  therefore, in order to 
	insure that each of us is immersed in the necessary learning experience that 
	this life offers, all people are equally fooled into thinking they know, in 
	order for them to be manipulated into embracing a higher agenda that is 
	beyond their ability to even imagine.   thus, divine strategery!!! 





ebionites are set apart for god

being
spiritual israel, they
are neither jews or christians



in
the same way that yeshua warned that his genuine disciples will be rejected by
the people of this world -- and especially those of the counterfeit religions --

the
plight of the true ebionite followers of messiah/christ is perhaps best
portrayed by gibbon when he wrote that they were
“…rejected from one religion as apostates, and
from the other as heretics” (gibbon: decline & fall of the
roman empire, v.1, p.416). the
true followers of yeshua are neither jewish or christian -- the true disciples
of yeshua are rejected by both jews and christians -- having undergone a
spiritual transformation, they are of the
kingdom, and not of this world! this requirement can then be likened to the
words of yeshua where it is written: "when the
lord was asked by a certain man, when should his kingdom come, he said unto him,
when two shall be one and the without as the within, and the male with the
female, neither male nor female” 
from the perspective of the new covenant and the teachings of theway, this can
then be interpreted to mean: "when the lord was
asked when should the kingdom come, he said, when the inner kingdom is manifest
in the outer life, the division of heaven and earth overcome in the body, and when the jew
and christian has been negated, and the disciple is neither jew nor christian --
but one with the lord -- and you live as children of the light -- only then can
the kingdom come within you!"



the
essence of judaism and christianity are one and the same 



the
children of the light who were the disciples of theway, were neither christian
nor jew because they were spiritual israel -- the children of the kingdom that
is not of this world.  this is perhaps best
demonstrated in the words of the apostle peter as written by his disciple
clement:   
“neither,
therefore, are the hebrews condemned on account of their ignorance of jesus, by
reason of him who has concealed him, if, doing the things commanded by moses,
they do not hate him whom they do not know. neither are those from among the
gentiles condemned, who know not moses on account of him who hath concealed him,
provided that these also, doing the things spoken by jesus, do not hate him whom
they do not know. and some will not be profited by calling the teachers lords,
but not doing the works of servants. for on this account our jesus himself said
to one who often called him lord, but did none of the things which he
prescribed, ‘why call ye me lord, lord, and do not the things which i say?’
for it is not saying that will profit any one, but doing. by all means,
therefore, is there need of good works. moreover, if any one has been thought
worthy to recognize both as preaching one doctrine, that man has been counted
rich in god, understanding both the old things as new in time, and the new
things as old.”

while
christians and jews argue endlessly not only with each other, but also among
themselves, each has been alienated from the kingdom by their own creation of
manmade doctrines and traditions that attempt to define and portray the higher
mysteries of god and the kingdom in accord with carnal human reasoning.  and while the preservation of
both judaism and christianity is
necessary to sustain the teachings of theway for the greater good of mankind, the above
also demonstrates that each is equally in error by virtue of their own
blindness.  



ebionites
did not believe yeshua/jesus was god

in
the manner of the pagan gentiles



the early christian writer irenaeus states that they:   “...represented
jesus as having not been born of a virgin, but as being the son of joseph and
mary according to the ordinary course of human generation, while he nevertheless
was more righteous, prudent, and wise than other men. moreover, after his
baptism, christ descended upon him in the form of a dove from the supreme ruler,
and that then he proclaimed the unknown father, and performed miracles”
 (irenaeus, bk 1, ch 26, doctrines of cerinthus).  those who worship jesus as
god, worship a false god.  yeshua commanded to imitate him, not worship
him!  the
      bible teaches that jesus was a man who became the messiah/christ at his baptism,
      and the son of god at the crucifixion. his disciples believed that yeshua
      was a man who was in mystical union with the indwelling son of god. what
      this means is that modern christian dogma which is founded upon plato's
      doctrine of the trinity, and forced upon the religion by the pagan emperor
      constantine is what is believed by christians today? history reveals
      that the followers of yeshua/jesus rejected the name christian because it
      was already used by enlightened initiates into the greek mystery religions
      prior to the advent of yeshua. history reveals that those who were taught
      directly by yeshua, believed that yeshua became the messiah of god by
      virtue of a “supernatural union
      of a man and god... in their eyes, jesus of nazareth was a mere mortal,
      the legitimate son of joseph and mary: but he was the best and wisest of
      the human race, selected as the worthy instrument to restore upon earth
      the worship of the true and supreme deity. when he was baptized in the
      jordan, the christ, the first of the aeons, the son of god himself,
      descended on jesus in the form of a dove, to inhabit his mind, and direct
      his actions during the allotted period of his ministry” (gibbon;
      the decline & fall of the roman empire, v.4, p.366).  which means that in worshiping jesus
      instead of imitating him as the pattern for all to follow, modern
      christian has reduced themselves to a people who worship a false god and
      are turned out of theway.




  
christians reject the father   


christians were commanded to call only god their father,


and in their rejection of god, they were given over to the devil










		under construction


yeshua/jesus 
		taught that we are all brothers and sisters, and commanded that we call 
		no man on earth father.  he taught that as the divine children of 
		our heavenly father, we are not to be called rabbi or teacher -- for 
		there is one teacher.   yeshua taught that god is spirit, and 
		must be worshiped in spirit and truth.   but because the 
		church has rejected the heavenly father, their hearts have been 
		hardened, their minds cannot perceive the truth, and they have been 
		given over into the devil in the same manner as the jews who opposed the 
		teachings of yeshua and theway.  (a work in progress)




 



  
the 10 words!   

from
the bible that prove the ebionites correct

these
10 words prove roman and modern christianity to be in error









click
        bible icon


to
        read 


the
        10 words


there are 10 words
        that were altered from their original context in the new testament that
        have the power to re-establish the essence of the teachings of yeshua
        which was known as theway.   these 10
        words demonstrate conclusively that the text of the new
        testament has been altered and corrupted in order to make it support the doctrines of
        the pagan roman/greek world.   these 10
        words further demonstrate that the essence of the teachings
        of yeshua has little in common with the christian religion
        today.   in fact, these 10 words
        are to christianity what the 10 commandments
        were to judaism -- i.e., the foundation from which every other aspect of
        the religion springs forth! these  10 words prove the ebionites correct,
        and modern christianity which is founded upon 4th century roman
        doctrines to be in error.  these  10 words prove that without a
        return to the essence of yeshua's original teachings, modern  christians
        are neither saved, nor do they have the salvation they erroneously
        believe they do. 




 



  
bible corruption   

has the bible been faithfully preserved?

why
would god ordain and permit its corruption?

why
were the most sacred scriptures never given to gentiles?

the
answers will shock most christians today!










click
        bible icon


to
        read 


bible
        corruption

the
grave christian misconception:  modern day christian doctrine rests upon the premise that god
preserved the bible in an absolute infallible and pure state, in order that all
men should know the (historical) truth and believe in the son of god. their
doctrinal position is that if god permitted the bible to have been altered, then
the present day church could not be genuine. based upon this dogmatic
presumption that the christian church must be maintained in order for man to be
saved, they reason that god would not allow the written word of the scriptures
to be corrupted. thus, modern christians cling to this doctrine -- ignoring
overwhelming evidence to the contrary -- evidence that demonstrates conclusively
that our bible has been severely altered and edited -- because they fail to
grasp the very foundational principles of the new covenant itself -- principles
that are not historical, but spiritual. it is not until we understand that the
bible is a road-map that leads us to the gate of the kingdom, and the word that
is written in our hearts -- rather than a final revelation from god to man --
that we are able to even begin to come to terms with the spiritual gospel of
messiah/christ that can never be corrupted.




 



    
where is zacharias?     








click bible






		to access


yeshua stated: 
"that upon 
		you may come all the righteous blood shed upon the earth, from the blood 
		of righteous abel unto the blood of zacharias son of barachias, whom ye 
		slew between the temple and the altar" (mt 23:35;lk 11:51)
-- yet, the account of zacharias is missing from our 
		modern bible.  the church father origen stated the account which 
		yeshua made reference to in the above, was removed by many of the 
		scribes of the church, but could still be found in non-canonical 
		scriptures that had escaped being corrupted.  read the 
introduction to the gospel of the nazirenes, 
		and see what the account of zacharias and many other crucial teachings 
		that was removed from our bibles looked liked.    








   
the gospel of the nazirenes   












click
        bible


what did the gospels look
      like before being edited and re-written by the church of rome? what were
      the original beliefs of the first followers of yeshua? you will be
      astonished when you read a surviving text of the gospel of the nazirenes
      which was hidden away from the corrupters of the roman church.  are you
      ready for a truly enlightening experience?  in the gospel of the 
		nazirenes all the primary doctrines of the ebionites are confirmed.  
		can you afford to cling to the doctrines of constantine and the pagan 
		church of rome which is the foundation of modern christian doctrine?   
		or are you ready to embrace the truth and the light of theway?








 

   
do pure scriptures exist?   

 


 




 



  there is a law  

 



you cannot be given what you are not prepared to receive -- or understand 
what is beyond your comprehension.  pure scriptures exist, but those who 
call themselves christians, are not able to receive them.   
yeshua/jesus spoke in parables to the masses, while revealing the mysteries of 
god to his disciples, privately in the house, because the multitudes were not 
prepared to receive the mysteries of god.    as stated in the 
epistle of peter to james (see bible 
corruption), the gentile converts were never given the most spiritual and 
important scriptures, because they were not prepared to receive them -- most 
were too heathen and pagan in their thinking and lifestyle.   
by law, truly important scriptures exist which would reveal all truths to the 
minds of the faithful flock -- but these important scriptures are being held back at present from the 
believers, until there is a group of true seekers who both desire to dwell in 
the purity of the living word, and they will truly reverence the spiritual 
essence of the teachings of yeshua/jesus and theway -- placing these sacred 
teachings over the doctrines of carnal men, and put them to good use in their 
search for the kingdom.
			



















click
        bible



the apostle warned to 
"be afraid!"




pure scriptures exist

but god cannot give them to a people 
		who cannot receive them



in the fourth century when 
		the church of constantine did its final edit on the scriptures in order 
		to make them support the doctrines of pagan rome, the elders of the 
		ebionites and the gnostic christians converged a counsel of their own, 
		and laid out the plans to bury seven (7) libraries of scriptures in 
		order to preserve the truth and theway for seekers in the future.   
		as stated in the epistle of peter to james:  
"hear me, brethren and 
		fellow-servants. if we should give the books to all indiscriminately, 
		and they should be corrupted by any daring men, or be perverted by 
		interpretations, as you have heard that some have already done, it will 
		remain even for those who really seek the truth, always to wander in 
		error.   wherefore it is better that they should be with us, and that we 
		should communicate them with all the fore-mentioned care to those who 
		wish to live piously, and to save others."
		and this judgment of the laws embodied in the words that  
"...it will remain even 
		for those who really seek the truth, always to wander in error", has 
		come upon every generation of christians since the fourth century.   
		because the ebionites and spiritual (gnostic) christians were murdered 
		by the church which called itself orthodox, and the scriptures were 
		corrupted to support the pagan doctrines of constantine, the church 
		itself in true old testament fashion, has been plundered of it's very 
		spiritual essence and core, and carried away into bondage and servitude 
		to what paul portrays as the god of this world.   when 
		christians read how the jews were carried off into bondage because of 
		their rejection of god and the commandments, the christians have brought 
		this same spiritual plague upon themselves -- ever to remain unfruitful 
		in their blind wanderings.    
		
		from a biblical perspective, the modern christian should have good 
		reason to believe the apostle's words, and literally
		“do not be arrogant, but be afraid” 
		(rom 11:20 niv).   why?   why would the apostle warn the christian they 
		should be afraid?   evidently he didn't know anything about the modern 
		christian doctrine attributed to him that once you say your prayer, you 
		are saved.   and this warning is an important question for the 
		modern believer to understand.   they should be afraid because of the 
		violation of the covenant with god when the gentile converts ignored the 
		warning of the apostle:  “for if god did not 
		spare the natural jewish branches, he will not spare you either… 
		otherwise, you also will be cut off” (rom 11:21-22 niv).   
		and cut off they were -- and cut off and in bondage they have remained 
		to this very day!   and when they open their bibles, their 
		hearts and minds are hardened, and they remain spiritually blind to the 
		true meaning of the scriptures -- forever apostates to the inner 
		kingdom. 
 
the nag hammadi library 
		represents one of the caches of scriptures which were hidden by the 
		spiritual christians -- and while one library was destroyed, there still 
		exists five (5) libraries of scriptures that will totally reveal the 
		truth and theway.      yes, pure 
		scriptures do exist, but the christians neither want them, or would 
		accept them.  
a work in progress







   
the nazirene vow   












click
        to access


nazirene means 
"keeper of theway' -- and at the time of yeshua, no 
		geographical place called nazareth existed.  what the bible was in 
		fact making reference to was the nazirene vow of separation and 
		consecration that is necessary for the disciple to enter beyond the 
		inner holy of holies of the body-temple, and enter the kingdom of god 
		that yeshua declared (lk 17:20-21).  the necessary transmutation 
		and transformation of the body-vessel that paul spoke of, and that peter 
		and james stated took seven years to accomplish, is one of the primary 
		reasons why modern christians dwell in what yeshua portrayed as the 
		"outer darkness" of consciousness that is incapable of 
		perceiving and comprehending the mysteries of god.  thus, only 
		those who are of the nazirene vow can pick up their own cross and follow 
		in the footsteps of yeshua as his disciple -- and only when they have 
		have proven themselves worthy, and embrace and undergone the process of 
		spiritual transformation, are they able to enter the inner kingdom and 
		receive the sacred manna of the spiritual revelation from the one 
		teacher who is the only revealers of truth and light of theway.




 


 

    
the gate of eden     










click
        gate

why were the ebionites vegetarian? 
        why did they live in accordance with the precepts of the
        torah/law?  why did they live separate and apart from both jews and
        christians?  the answer is very simple: the gate of eden is within
        us, and if we fail to enter therein while we are still physically alive
        in the body, we will have failed in our opportunity to enter into
        life.  and while it can be countered that we are saved by our
        belief in messiah/christ, faith, or the blood of the lamb, the truth is
        that if we were truly faithful disciples of theway, that we would
        experience the opening of the inner door and the kingdom coming within
        us.  the gateofeden article explores all aspects of the need to
        pick up one's own cross and follow the narrow path that leads to the
        inner gate to the edenic kingdom of origination.







    
the consecrated life     












click
        icon

an important element of the 
		consecrated life that yeshua taught, was the cleansing of the body from 
		all defilements which permitted the kingdom to manifest within the life 
		of the disciple.  christians rely upon the teaching at 
		matthew 15:11-20 to negate all requirements of diet.  yet, we know 
		that the bible has been edited (see
		bible 
		corruption) -- matthew and the disciples were all strict vegetarians 
		-- and such texts as the gospel of the nazirenes presents the original 
		teaching in the words: "and yeshua  said, ‘well 
has moses commanded you to be clean, and to keep your bodies clean, and your 
vessels clean, but you have added things which ofttimes cannot be observed by 
everyone at all times and in all places. hear me therefore, not only unclean 
things entering into the body of man defile the man, but much more do evil 
thoughts and unclean things which pour from the heart of man, defile the inner 
man and others also. therefore take heed to your 
thoughts and cleanse your hearts and let your food be pure. these things ought 
you to do, and not to leave the others undone. 
whosoever breaks the law of purification of necessity, are blameless, for they 
do it not of their own will, neither despising the law which is just and good. 
for cleanliness in all things is great gain. be not therefore followers of evil 
fashions of the world, even in appearance; for many are led into transgression 
by the outward seeming, and the likeness of evil" (ng 
43:13-16). thus, the original words of yeshua paint an entirely different picture 
than the corrupted texts of our modern biblical translations.







 

    
why do christians reject     

the doctrine of reincarnation?








click light





to access

the answer is that the modern 
		church adheres to the doctrine and theology of a circus prostitute and a 
		roman emperor who maintained absolute control over what christians were 
		permitted to believe!!!  while this may sound outrageous to the 
		modern believer -- i.e., ascribing to the doctrines of a circus 
		prostitute who married the emperor -- it is nonetheless true -- and 
		christians continue to embrace this prostitute's doctrines of belief 
		even to this very day.   the new testament 
		was founded upon the reality of the pre-existent soul of man that 
		evolves to perfection over the course of many lifetimes -- and the 
		existence of an uncountable number of sects today, is the direct result 
		of the confusion which was brought about when this foundational concept 
		was removed from both the bible, as well as christian doctrine.  
		moreover, it is impossible for modern christians to mature beyond only a 
		very elementary and superficial understanding of the gospel and 
		teachings of yeshua, so long as this primary foundational concept is 
		missing from their understanding.




 






 

    
the christian judas     












click
        

the 
		christian religion that is practiced today not only is pagan and existed 
		prior to the birth of yeshua, but has little in common with the religion 
		of the new covenant and the teachings of the way.  present-day 
		christianity is little more than the religion of mithraism with jesus 
		abducted and installed as its captured object of worship.  genuine 
		religion -- or a true spiritual covenant with the lord -- is synonymous 
		with a genuine spiritual marriage.  in this document you will learn the 
		nature of a genuine covenantal marriage -- the true purpose and 
		potential of sex as a spiritual sacrament -- why the followers of yeshua 
		refused to be called christian, a name that was already in use 
		throughout the pagan roman empire -- and what made the people of the new 
		covenant the chosen of the most high.  perhaps most importantly we will 
		explore why fidelity in a genuine covenantal marriage is absolutely 
		necessary.  

part i:
		the 
		christian judas - christianity crucified messiah/christ

part ii:
		
		christianity existed before birth of yeshua

part iii:
		new 
		covenant vs pagan christianity

part iv:
		the 
		revelation of the epistles of yeshua to the churches

part v:
		how would 
		you recognize the messiah/christ

part vi:
		genuine 
		religion is divine marriage - the dna of god - sacrament of sex




 



    
the letter that killeth     

why bible can't be read literally












click
        icon

 

regardless of the number of 
		times that carnal men are warned that god is a spirit, and can only be 
		sought through man's indwelling spiritual nature (jn 4:24), the great 
		mass of believers perpetually reject the spirit and and turn to the 
		written word of the scriptures in pursuit of the 
"letter that killeth".   the scriptures are the key of 
		knowledge that must be turned within to open the door to the kingdom and 
		enter the true temple.   in a total abandonment of the spiritual essence 
		and purpose of the teachings of jesus and theway, believers have 
		rejected the spirit and adopted the way of the very people that jesus 
		portrayed as blind guides who are making the people the children of 
		hell.   the man known as the apostle paul warned the first followers of 
		jesus that death comes to those who embrace the 
"letter that killeth" (2 cor 3:6) -- and yet, carnal 
		believers continue to conclude that these words don't apply to them.  
		

		that the vast majority of mankind is deaf and blind to the truth and 
		their own higher soul and spiritual reality, is because they are focused 
		in the wrong direction -- i.e., the things of this world -- and this can 
		be readily seen in the words of yeshua: “for 
		this people's heart has become calloused; they hardly hear with their 
		ears, and they have closed their eyes. otherwise they might see with 
		their eyes, hear with their ears, understand with their hearts and turn, 
		and i would heal them.' but blessed are your eyes because they see, and 
		your ears because they hear. for i tell you the truth, many prophets and 
		righteous men longed to see what you see but did not see it, and to hear 
		what you hear but did not hear it” (matt 13:15-17 niv).




 



    
why does god speak     

in allegory and enigma?












click
        icon

 


it's impossible 
		for carnal people to perceive the mysteries of god that paul warns 
		natural man judges as foolishness. they need to be both transformed, and 
		develop areas of mind that are beyond their carnal reach. while the 
		spiritually mature who perceive the inner meaning will be vehemently 
		opposed by counterfeit men who claim to speak in the authority god, 
		condemning the true disciples of the lord as heretics and demon 
		possessed. yet, it is because of their own blindness that causes them 
		not to perceive the inner meaning.




 



   
yeshua taught a spiritual path  

christianity is elementary












click
        icon

 

yeshua taught the 
		spiritual/mystical path, and he revealed to his disciples how to walk 
		the spiritual path known as theway. the true disciples of yeshua and 
		theway are totally enlightened -- they have long evolved beyond the need 
		of elementary faith -- because in following in the footsetps of yeshua, 
		they have entered the inner kingdom and have been taught by the one 
		teacher of truth.   paul warned that believers in their 
		natural state cannot know the truth. modern christianity is necessary as 
		an elementary entry-level catalyst of conveying higher spiritual symbols 
		and concepts to the carnal believer who begins the journey seeking the 
		kingdom.   the true church is spiritual, and can only be 
		entered by spiritual men and women who dedicate and surrender their 
		lives to the teachings of yeshua. everyone else embraces error in the 
		form of elementary symbols and forms -- institutionalized error that is 
		necessary in order to prepare the seeker for true spiritual 
		transformation -- and this elementary error encompasses every aspect of 
		modern life.   




 



  
the key of knowledge  

that the church threw away












click
        icon

 

the fourth century church of
        constantine threw away the key of knowledge that yeshua warned was
        necessary to enter into the kingdom within.   in throwing away the key of knowledge, and living in accordance with their own
manmade doctrines and traditions, christians have made themselves apostates to the kingdom
of god:  
“woe to you lawyers! for
you have taken away the key of knowledge; you did not enter in yourselves, and
those who were entering in you hindered” (luke 11:52).    and
thus, while christians attempt to read the scriptures, they see not!  
and while they hear the oracles of the living word, their ears are
deaf.   and while they attempt to embrace the living word, in the
manner of the sadducees and pharisees they understand it not -- because their
hearts have been hardened from the teachings of yeshua/jesus and theway. 




 



   
darwin kills!!!  

soul alienation & spiritual abortion












click
        icon

 

a child who has been imbued 
		with the darwinist mindset, has been so alienated from his own inner 
		source of self and the kingdom of god, that they can best be portrayed 
		as the walking dead that yeshua made reference to.   modern 
		quantum physics has proven darwin in error, but the evidence of science 
		has been ignored by our secular humanist culture.   the 
		darwinist mindset totally alienates the people from the spiritual 
		teachings of yeshua and theway.   most christians are 
		spiritually disenfranchised from the inner kingdom of god, because their 
		thinking is founded upon a counterfeit foundation that castrates and 
		renders their religion impotent.    christians reject the 
		true prophets of the lord, because their foundational mindset inhibits 
		their understanding of their own true inner soul and spiritual reality.   
		in their daily lives, christians crucify messiah/christ, because they 
		have become imbued with a darwininst mindset that totally inhibits the 
		true practice of their religion.   in truth, the lies of 
		secular schools have made monkeys not only of the people, but also of 
		the christians who fail to realize why their faith cannot move the 
		mountain of atheism that obstructs their understanding of the spiritual 
		meaning of the scriptures, as well as their entrance into the inner 
		kingdom that yeshua declared  (lk 17:20-21).      


 










 the 
		factions 

that destroy us

that make us 
		ignorant



the factions that destroy us, and make us 
		ignorant, will bring about our downfall.   we should be 
		living in a time of great enlightenment -- but we have chosen the path 
		of intellectual poverty.   we have been given great 
		opportunity to make serious evolutionary and meaningful gain, but 
		because we are led by jackals in washington dc who lack the wisdom to 
		lead, we are on the verge of another dark ages where ignorance and 
		superstition prevails.   we are not worthy of the wisdom of 
		our founding fathers who spoke of unalienable god-given rights -- 

these rights 
		have been perverted, crushed, and prostrated. folly has reigned in the 
		place of reason; imbecility has reigned instead of thought; vice has 
		reigned instead of virtue; ignorance has reigned instead of knowledge, 
		and bigotry has reigned instead of benevolence! thus the highest, 
		holiest and sublimest powers of man have been repressed and distorted by 
		the degrading shackles of superstition and false imagination. the office 
		of the mind is to hold dominion where the above evils have reigned. it 
		is to become unchained and free from the prison of both secular and 
		sectarian darkness, and ushered into the light of truth and the 
		atmosphere of liberty.   but this cannot be achieves so long 
		as we continue to shackle ourselves to the abyss of ignorance and 
		unknowing.   it is man's birthright to climb the proverbial 
		jacob's ladder and perceive not only the full dimensions and reality of 
		self, but also that of creator god in whose image and likeness he 
		exists.   but, because we are led by political jackals whose 
		only interests are self-serving, we have chosen the path of poverty of 
		both intellect and spirituality.   


 


click to access

harvard



 
 
 





harvard

the quagmire of ignorance

the boondoggle of anti-knowledge

the epitome of an antipathetic aversion 
		to wisdom



unlike other universities, 
		the vision of the founders of harvard was to explore man's higher 
		realities of mind and being and overcome the shackles of spiritual 
		ignorance.  in the words of it's founders: 
"after god had carried us safe to new england and wee had builded our 
		houses, provided necessaries for our livelihood, rear'd convenient 
		places for god's worship, and settled the civil government: one of the 
		next things we longed for and looked after was to advance learning and 
		perpetuate it to posterity; dreading to leave an illiterate ministry to 
		the churches, when our present ministers shall lie in the dust."
  yet, harvard has not only turned upon its first principles, 
		but has endorsed and even championed the 
equation of absolute ignorance
that pervades our elitist academia today.   send your 
		son or daughter to harvard, or any one of a number of our so-called 
		institutions of higher learning, and you have not only shackled them to 
		ignorance, but brought about what would be called the death of the soul.   
		











greater knowledge is not increased by 
				programming the mind

greater knowledge is increased by 
				expanding the useable potion of mind










because 
		harvard and all of our traditional schools today are attempting to stuff 
		greater knowledge into the mind without increasing the mind's useable 
		potential, harvard and most schools do more to alienate the students 
		from wisdom, knowledge and understanding, than guiding them into the 
		light of the true learning experience which is their birth right.   
		while it is true that a graduate of harvard will appear to know more 
		than the great unwashed of our society, this is an illusion of knowing 
		-- because knowledge is by degree or in comparison to the unknowing.  
		it is our destiny to know -- but, because we think, teach and attempt to 
		learn in reverse of our own true reality, we alienate ourselves from our 
		own source of knowledge.







   
the dead know nothing  

the confusion of the watchtower











click
        icon

 

jehovah's witnesses and other 
		sects quote ecc 9:5 that "the dead know 
		nothing", and because they fail to comprehend the biblical 
		meaning of the dead -- as embodied in the words of yeshua:
"follow me; and let the dead bury their dead" 
		-- these groups fail to understand that when the scriptures make 
		reference to the dead, what is portrayed are those whose thinking, 
		mindset and lifestyle are of this world.  because in their 
		interpretations of what paul calls the "letter 
		that killeth" --  these religious group are themselves 
		blind guides that bring spiritual death to the believers who blindly 
		believe their manmade doctrines of little understanding.   
		from a biblical perspective, the living, are those who have achieved the 
		next stage of soul-birth -- while the dead are the multitude of people 
		who are squandering away their opportunity of life on both the things of 
		this world, or the quagmire of manmade religious doctrines which are 
		embraced by our churches and religious organizations today -- and are 
		thus walking the broad-way of self destruction rather then the
		"narrow path" that leads to life 
		through the process of soul-birth.  from a spiritual 
		perspective, these sects have so spiritually disenfranchised themselves 
		by their literalized interpretations of the written word -- i.e., the
		"letter that killeth" -- that they 
		can be compared to the grim reaper who brings death to the blind 
		believers who embrace their manmade doctrines.




 



   
easter or passover?  

the choice of death or life












click
        icon

 

the rejection of the lord's 
		passover and the adoption of the pagan celebration of easter, is one of 
		many such adoption of heathen customs that has had a dramatic negative 
		impact upon the modern believer.   the primary objective of 
		the scriptures is to prepare the believer to live a life purified from 
		the defilements of this world, in order that they can become disciples 
		who are able to bear their own cross in imitation of the pattern of 
		yeshua, and by walking in theway to bring about the next stage of 
		soul-birth.   but, because the majority of christians are 
		totally ignorant of the natural cycles and laws of creation, and have 
		rejected biblical wisdom, their adoption of pagan creeds, rituals and 
		religious celebrations has inhibited them from bringing about the next 
		stage of soul-birth that would fulfill the necessary requirement to 
		enter the kingdom while still alive in the physical body-vessel.  
		




 




belowb

				 


above






 

 the denial of messiah/christ 

and
the secular seat belt law mindset










click
        icon





seat belts are a secular-humanist religious
        ritual practiced by atheists imbued with a darwinist mindset as their
        holy grail. a man who wears a seat belt either rejects the bible and the
        higher order of man's spiritual reality, or is a babe in christ who
        knows no better. the enlightened spiritually mature disciple dwells in the house of the lord, and
        rejects the unspiritual mindset that is common to those who wear seat
        belts. and while the wearing of a seat belt might be good for the people
        who live in accord with the thinking and culture of this world, a true
        disciple of messiah/christ continually dwells in the protective
        environment of the hands of the lord,
        and the wearing of a seat belt is not only a denial of man's higher
        spiritual reality, but the mindset from which it springs is the
        religious practice of atheism and apostasy to the teachings of yeshua/jesus.






		 

         

		 




 
 



the
ebionites were torah/law observant

but
not
 torah observant in the ritualistic manner of the jews

on the central theme of
the alleged beliefs ascribed to the ebionites, the early church writer
hippolytus tells us: “they live
conformably to the customs of the jews, alleging that they are justified
according to the law, and saying that jesus was justified by fulfilling the law.
and therefore it was, (according to the ebionaeans,) that (the savior) was named
(the) christ of god and jesus, since not one of the rest (of mankind) had
observed completely the law. for if even any other had fulfilled the
commandments (contained) in the law, he would have been that christ. 
and the (ebionaeans allege) that they themselves also, when in like
manner they fulfill (the law), are able to become christs; for they assert that
our lord himself was a man in a like sense with all the rest of the human
family”  (hippolytus; the
refutation of all heresies, bk 7, ch 22, doctrine of the ebionaeans).  

the
ebionites were the believers and disciples of yeshua who were originally essenes,
and came to be called "the poor ones"  (ebionites) with
the advent of yeshua and the charge to be in the world and not of it. gibbon
writes that the family of yeshua were ebionites.  the nazoreans were the
pharisee converts to the teachings of yeshua, and they embraced a more literal
and ritualistic interpretation of the law (torah).  like the essenes, the
ebionites were jewish mystics and gnostics (experiential spiritual knowledge)
who interpreted the law as a living threefold revelation.  they used only
the most ancient and original of the gospels written in hebrew characters, and
interpreted it allegorically as seen in the words of st. jerome: "a
difficult work is enjoined, since this translation has been commanded me by your
felicities, which st. matthew himself, the apostle and evangelist, did not wish
to be openly written. for if it had not been secret, he would have added to the
evangel that which he gave forth was his; but he made up this book sealed up in
the hebrew characters, which he put forth even in such a way that the book,
written in hebrew letters and by the hand of himself, might be possessed by the
men most religious, who also, in the course of time, received it from those who
preceded them. but this very book they never gave to any one to be transcribed,
and its text they related some one way and some another".

this
secret more spiritual version of the book of matthew was referred to by gibbon
where he wrote: "but the secret
and authentic history has been recorded in several copies of the gospel
according to st. matthew, which these sectaries long preserved in the original
hebrew, as the sole evidence of their faith."  
additional
information regarding the original hebrew gospel of matthew is provided by
jerome in his work, o illustrious men, on james the lord's brother: "further,
the hebrew itself (or original) is preserved to this day in the library at
caesarea which was collected with such care by the martyr pamphilus. i also had
an opportunity of copying it afforded me by the nazarenes who use the book, at
beroea, a city of syria".  of the hebrew original of matthew, gibbon writes:
"the
fact is attested by a chain of fathers - papias, irenaeus, origen, jerome,
etc… but this hebrew gospel of st. matthew is most unaccountably lost; and we
may accuse the diligence or fidelity of the primitive churches, who have
preferred the unauthorized version of some nameless greek".

gibbon rightfully calls our copy of matthew the "unauthorized
version of some nameless greek",
because the only true gospel attributed to matthew is the original hebrew
version which was never given to the gentile church, and we no longer possess
today.

the
sacred knowledge entrusted to the ebionite followers of yeshua was kept so
secret, that even epiphanius, writing as early as the end of the fourth century,
confesses his ignorance as to their real doctrine and writes that "they
neither call themselves iessaens, nor continue to hold the name of the jews, nor
name themselves christians, but nazarenes ... the resurrection of the dead is
confessed by them ... concerning christ, i cannot say whether they think him a
mere man, or as the truth is, confess that he was born through the holy pneuma
from the virgin."

on
the gospel of the hebrews: quoting prof. hugh schonfield: "the gospel according to the hebrews is a literary outlaw with a
price on its head; but in spite of the scholarly hue and cry it still evades capture. neither monastic libraries nor egyptian
rubbish heaps have so far yielded up a single leaf of this important document.... 
for behind hebrews lies the unknown potentialities of the nazarene tradition, which may confirm or contradict some of the most
cherished beliefs of orthodox christianity. it is useless for certain theologians to designate hebrews as "secondary" on the
evidence of the present fragmentary remains preserved in quotation.... judged by ancient testimony alone it is indisputable that hebrews
has the best right of any gospel to be considered a genuine apostolic production;...
here is obviously a most valuable witness, perhaps the most valuable witness to the truth about [yeshua]... whom even a jury composed
entirely of orthodox christians could not despise, and who ought to be brought into court. but the witness is missing, and all that we
have is a few reported statements of his taken long ago... it may be argued that there has been dependence not of 'hebrews'
on the synoptics but vice versa -- that 'hebrews' was one of the sources on which one or more of them drew."
(hugh schonfield; according to the hebrews; pages 13-18).   "the appearance to ya'akov (james), ...is not mentioned elsewhere in
the new testament but is reported in one of the apocryphal books, the gospel according to the hebrews..."
(jewish new testament commentary by david stern 1cor. 15:7).

most
important scriptures never given to gentile converts: neither the most
profound teachings of yeshua or the most sacred of the scriptures were ever
given over into the hands of the gentile converts who eventually came to be
called the christian church.  this great truth is demonstrated where it is
written in the epistle of peter to james: 

"hear me, brethren and fellow-servants. if we should give the books to all indiscriminately,
and they should be corrupted by any daring men, or be perverted by interpretations, as you have heard that some have already done, it will
remain even for those who really seek the truth, always to wander in error.  
wherefore it is better that they should be with us, and that we should communicate them with all the fore-mentioned care to those who wish to
live piously, and to save others. but if any one, after taking this adjuration, shall act otherwise, he shall with good reason incur eternal
punishment. for why should not he who is the cause of the destruction of others not be destroyed himself? the elders, therefore, being pleased
with the sentiments of james exclaimed, blessed be he who, as foreseeing all things, has graciously appointed thee as our bishop;" and when they had
said this, we all rose up, and prayed to the father and god of all, to whom be glory for ever. amen.




therefore james, having read the epistle, sent for the elders; and having read it to them, said:
our peter has strictly and becomingly charged us concerning the establishing of the truth, that we should not communicate
the books of his preachings, which have been sent to us, to any one at random, but to one who is good and religious, and who wishes to
teach...  and these are not all to be committed to him at once; that, if he be found injudicious in the first, the others may
not be entrusted to him. wherefore let him be proved not less than six years. and then according to the initiation of moses, he that is to deliver
the books should bring him to a river or a fountain, which is living water, where the regeneration of the righteous takes place, and should make him,
not swear — for that is not lawful — but to stand by the water and
adjure, as we ourselves, when we were re-generated, were made to do for the sake
of not stoning."
  
 




   
obligation to teach children  

secular schools condemned





  
 



















if paul condemns secular courts as seen above.

how much more sending your children to secular 
schools?




dare any of you, [send your children to be 
taught] before the
unrighteous...? 


if then you have judgments concerning things pertaining to this life, 

do you appoint those who are least esteemed by the church to 
[teach your children]? 


i say this to your shame... but [you send your 
children to be taught by the] unbelievers!
now therefore, it is already an utter failure for you that you [permit your 
children to be taught by the infidel]...!


(1 cor 6:1-8)


"these 
commandments that i give to you today are to be upon your hearts. impress them 
on your children. talk about them when you sit at home and when you walk along 
the road, when you lie down and when you get up."
(deuteronomy 
6:6-7) 


 










 

   
the
children of hell!    

yeshua/jesus,
moses, as well as all enlightened jewish and christian visionaries, all taught
that there are two ways -- theway of life, and the "broad-way"
that leads to destruction!  because the jewish sects of the sadducees and
pharisees at the time that yeshua walked the earth were blind to the inner
spiritual meaning of the law (torah), and in their blindness they misled the
people with their manmade traditions and their literal and ritual
interpretations of the written word, yeshua called them the offspring of the god
of this world (satan).  thus, the teachings of theway which were known as
the new covenant among the spiritual israelites known as the essenes, came to be
formalized by yeshua in order to free the people from having to follow the way
of the jewish priests and teachers of the law -- whose manmade doctrines brought
about the peoples suffering and spiritual destruction.  in time a very
worldly and unspiritual group of non-jewish converts arose and referred to
themselves as orthodox christians -- and these worldly believers who lived in
the manner of the heathen, continued to embrace the redemptive philosophy of mithraism,
and condemned the spiritual christians who they labeled as heretics and gnostics
--  and then entered into a covenant relationship with rome that permitted
the emperor to dictate all religious doctrine of the new church which they
called roman catholic, and as a consequence of this covenant with rome, the
ebionite/nazirenes as well as the spiritual christians were all hunted down and
murdered.  the result was that the teachings of theway became obstructed by
the unspiritual mindset that had become foundational to the new church which now
called itself christian.  the result was that the people once again became
alienated from the kingdom within (luke 17:20-21), in much the same way that the
people were alienated from the spiritual knowledge of theway by the priests and
teachers of the jewish sects of the sadducees and pharisees.  in fact, it
was this corruption of the teachings of theway that caused muhammad to create a
new religion founded upon the framework of teachings of both judaism and
christianity where yeshua was no longer portrayed as god in the manner that
pagan rome recreated him.   muhammad's first wife was the
daughter of the ebionite elder of mecca, and he had himself been taught by the
nestorian monks who had been banished from the empire because they being
gnostic, refused to accept the religion of the emperor.  thus, the
foundation of islam prior to it becoming institutionalized, is actually a synthesis
of ebionite and christian gnostic teachings.







click icon
















children
        of hell: every day we crucify the
        messiah/christ in our children when we send them to government
        institutionalized schools that make them the children of hell!  we
        unknowingly do this through the process of spiritual abortion that
        alienates them from their true self and the necessary stage of spiritual
        birth into the kingdom of heaven that yeshua/jesus taught was within
        them (luke 17:20-21).


 


click star parker

to access









letter to star parker on school choice



star 
		parker is the founder and president of cure, the coalition on urban 
		renewal & education, a 501c3 non-profit organization that provides 
		national dialogue on issues of race and poverty in the media, inner city 
		neighborhoods, and public policy.  prior to her involvement in 
		social activism, star parker was a single welfare mother in los angeles, 
		california. after receiving christ, star returned to college, received a 
		bs degree in marketing and launched an urban christian magazine.  
		the 1992 los angeles riots destroyed her business, yet served as a 
		springboard for her focus on faith-based and free market alternatives to 
		empower the lives of the poor. as a social policy consultant, star 
		parker gives regular testimony before the us congress, and is a national 
		expert on major television and radio shows across the country.  
		currently, star is a regular commentator on cnn, msnbc, and fox news. 
		she debated jesse jackson on bet; fought for school choice on larry king 
		live; and defended welfare reform on the oprah winfrey show. 



 


click jerry

to access




preaching in the name of 


simon magus 





jerry falwell


 misguided and 
		deceived 




preaching in the name of 
		simon magus



 

		while jerry falwell has passed on, his doctrines are still being 
		preached by his son, as well as a very large segment of fundamentalist 
		churches.   thus, what was originally written in relation to 
		jerry falwell, remains relevant to a great number of people.   

 
in preparation for a 
		confrontation with simon magus, the apostle peter taught his disciple 
		clement that the majority of gentiles would be greatly deceived by 
		simon, because they did not understand either the traditions of the 
		scriptures, and had themselves thrown away the key of knowledge in the 
		manner of the pharisees.   in their failure to understand the 
		traditions, peter warned that the gentiles would be cut off from the 
		true knowledge and inner meaning of the scriptures, because they 
		embraced and taught unworthy beliefs about god.   in stating 
		that jews have no salvation, jerry falwell not only demonstrates his 
		ignorance, but has caused himself to be cut off from the true meaning of 
		the scriptures because of his unworthy beliefs about god that he teaches 
		to a greatly deceived congregation of blind believers. 











letter
        to the aclj 


save the children  





as a forerunner to a constitutional case which
        would require school choice -- and thereby free the children from incarceration
        in government institutionalized schools that destroy the spiritual life
        of the child -- i have initiated a motion declaring the new
        york state seat belt law unconstitutional because it does not contain a
        religious exemption.  the motion demonstrates that the darwinism
        and the theory of evolution is not only bogus from a scientific perspective,
        but further denies the
        legitimate practice of a spiritual-based religion.   thus far,
        faith-based creationists have all failed in their attempt to oppose the theory of
        evolution, because they have attempted to promote the genesis account of
        creation over darwism.   and while evolution is little more
        than junk-science, you can't attack the counterfeit science of
        darwinism with the bible -- this can only be accomplished by presenting
        a more enlightened perspective of science.   the within motion will defeat darwinism, because
        it not only uses modern quantum physics to prove the defectiveness
        of evolution, but it demonstrates that modern science has proven the tenets of
        spiritual religion and the inner meaning of the
        scriptures.     









the essene ebionite nazirene
        disciples of yeshua were vegetarians.  there still exists a warning
        by the disciple peter that those who eat the flesh of slain beasts, have
        opened the door to demon influence and even possession -- and instead of
        the holy spirit, flesh eating believers are being led down the wrong path by the voice of demons who impersonate god, jesus,
        mary or an angel. this same warning can be found in the words of jesus, and the epistles of paul. to their own spiritual demise the modern christian has continually ignored and even
        blatantly violated these cautions. in view of this total disregard for these warnings, we must pose the question: when believers speak in tongues, or hear what they believe is the voice of the lord speaking in their ear, is it the christ, or the anti-christ? these early church references will greatly disturb you!




 



who
can be an ebionite?

those
who seek truth over doctrine -- knowledge over dogma -- light over darkness --
spirit over flesh -- who live by the vow of the nazirene -- who pick up their
own cross and follow in the footsteps of the master of theway -- who live a
consecrated life in total dedication to the lord -- who overcome their lower
nature through the process of spiritual transformation -- who turn the key of
knowledge which is the law/torah and other scriptures within them, in the
endeavor to travail in the  "narrow path"
 and open the "inner
door"  as they seek to undergo the next stage of birth in the kingdom
within.   an ebionite does not belong to a synagogue, church, temple
or mosque of this world -- because temples of this world being an image and
pattern of what is in heaven, is idolatry -- an ebionite enters the inner
kingdom, and worships in the temple made without hands that is eternal.  
an ebionite is not a religious sect -- in the same
way that spiritual israel is not a nation of this world -- both represent a
condition of mind and being that unites the disciple of theway to the most high
god.   not in belief, faith, rhetoric and church dogma, or genetic heritage -- but rather,
through a consecrated life that permits god to fully manifest in the life of the
disciple of theway.   this total transformation of the historical man
known as yeshua was demonstrated in his baptism account in the gospel according
to the hebrews which was known as the original matthew, where st. jerome quotes
the text in on isa. xi.2. "(the spirit of the lord shall rest upon him)
not partially as in the case of other holy men: but, according to the gospel
written in the hebrew speech, which the nazarenes read, 'there shall descend
upon him the whole fount of the holy spirit'. . . .in the gospel i mentioned
above, i find this written: 'and it came to pass
when the lord was come up out of the water, the whole fount of the holy spirit
descended and rested upon him, and said unto him: my son, in all the prophets
was i waiting for thee that thou shouldst come, and i might rest in thee. for
thou art my rest, and thou art my first begotten son, that reignest for ever." 

all
scriptures are written in a threefold allegorical manner that portray what
appears on the surface as historical accounts as events of the mind and spirit
in the life of the disciple of theway (see why
god speaks to us in enigmas).   thus, the names of angels are
the laws -- the twelve disciples represent the spheres of mind in the tree of
life -- and the cities through which yeshua walked are the spiritual centers of
the body that must be brought into oneness in order to move into abiding harmony
with the essence of god within each of us.   the ebionites used what
is known historically as the original matthew, of which st. jerome writes to the
bishops chromatius and
heliodorus: "a
difficult work is enjoined, since this translation has been commanded me by your
felicities, which st. matthew himself, the apostle and evangelist, did not wish
to be openly written. for if it had not been secret, he would have added to the
evangel that which he gave forth was his; but he made up this book sealed up in
the hebrew characters, which he put forth even in such a way that the book,
written in hebrew letters and by the hand of himself, might be possessed by the
men most religious, who also, in the course of time, received it from those who
preceded them. but this very book they never gave to any one to be transcribed,
and its text they related some one way and some another".  
if the genuine essence of the teachings of
yeshua was little more than belief in the personage of jesus as christians
generally believe today -- and the purpose
of the scriptures was to merely enlighten man with regard to the personage of jesus so
that they might have faith and believe -- which is the root concept upon which
the modern church is founded -- then there would never have been a reason for
the disciple matthew to author a writing that was too secret to be placed into
the hands of either the secular jewish or gentile converts. once we truly begin
to understand what is being conveyed in a statement such as this, then we would
be forced to re-evaluate everything that we presently believe with regard to the
very design and purpose of new covenant teachings.   

a
most important reality: in
the epistle of peter to james it is written: 
"knowing,
my brother, your eager desire after that which is for the advantage
of us all, i beg and beseech you not to communicate to any one of
the gentiles the books of my preachings which i sent to you, nor to any
one of our own tribe before trial; but if any one has been proved and found
worthy, then to commit them to him, after the manner in which moses delivered
his books to the seventy who succeeded to his chair. wherefore also the fruit of
that caution appears even till now. for his countrymen keep the same rule of
monarchy and polity everywhere, being unable in any way to think otherwise, or
to be led out of the way of the much-indicating scriptures. for, according to
the rule delivered to them,  
 they endeavor to correct the discordances of the
scriptures, if any one, haply not knowing the traditions, is confounded at the
various utterances of the prophets. wherefore they charge no one to teach,
unless he has first learned how the scriptures must be used. and thus they have
amongst  them one god, one
law, one hope."   to which james replied:  "hear
me, brethren and fellow-servants. if we should give the books to all
indiscriminately, and they should be corrupted by any daring men, or be
perverted by interpretations, as you have heard that some have already done, it
will remain even for those who really seek the truth,  always to wander in error.
 
wherefore it is better that they should be with us, and that we should
communicate them with all the fore-mentioned care to those who wish to live
piously, and to save others. but if any one, after taking this adjuration, shall
act otherwise, he shall with good reason incur eternal punishment. for why
should not he who is the cause of the destruction of others not be destroyed
himself?"

in
the gospel according to the hebrews this important concept was explored: "it
is written in the gospel to the hebrews that when christ wished to come upon the
earth to men, the good father called a mighty power in the heavens which was
called michael, and committed christ to the care thereof. and the power came
down into the world and it was called mary, and christ was in her womb seven
months. afterwards she gave birth to him, and he increased in stature, and he
chose the apostles, . . . 'was crucified, and taken up by the father'."  
in the gospel yeshua speakes of his mother: "my
mother the holy spirit."   
with regard to the mystery
of the virgin birth, st. gregory writes: “…we
conclude that the power of the highest, coalescing with our entire nature by
that coming upon (the virgin) of the holy ghost, both resides in our soul, so
far as reason sees it possible that it should reside there, and is blended with
our body, so that our salvation throughout every element may be perfect”.  thus,
each of us must pick up our own cross and follow in theway.

those readers familiar with early christian history
know that during the first three centuries there was great strife between
certain groups of believers.   yet,
in not understanding the depth of the apostle paul's epistles, modern christians
generally fail to realize the source of this conflict.  
what is clear in first corinthians was that there were two classes of
christians: those who knew only the testimony of “christ
and him crucified”, and those who went beyond the exoteric doctrine
of christ, and learned the mysteries of god that paul could not speak openly
about.   “howbeit
we speak wisdom among them that are perfect,”
writes paul, “yet not the wisdom of this world, nor of the princes of this
world, that come to naught: but we speak the wisdom of god in a mystery, even
the hidden wisdom, which god ordained before the world unto our glory”
(1 cor 2:6-7 kjv).   



in these words paul is warning the believers at
corinth that he can only speak about the wisdom and mysteries of god to those
who are perfect.  yet, the believer
today totally rejects these words of the apostle.  
contrary to modern christian doctrine, the apostle does not say perfect
faith -- perfect belief -- or some philosophical idea of perfection by virtue of
membership in a religious group.   the
idea of perfection from a biblical perspective, is complete in all its parts --
and because we cling to manmade doctrines, we do not believe that man is capable
of this state of perfection that the apostle speaks of.  in paul’s warning to the believers at corinth, the
apostle then uses a phrase that is found in the old testament, the new
testament, and the writings of the early church fathers, and writes: “but
as it is written, eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into
the heart of man, the things which god hath prepared for them that love him”
(1 cor 2:9 kjv).   this
statement is of course fundamental to a gnostic, or spiritual church.   



what is written by paul is no different than what
origen stated was the primary difference between the gospel given to the
multitudes, and those who were worthy to be in the house with the lord: “then
jesus sent the multitude away, and went into the house: and his disciples came
unto him, saying, declare unto us the parable of the tares of the field”
(matt 13:36 kjv).   in our
quest to understand why there were two doctrines, the bible itself openly
declares in the words of jesus: “unto you it is given
to know the mystery of the kingdom of god: but unto them that are without, all
these things are done in parables: that seeing they may see, and not perceive;
and hearing they may hear, and not understand” (mark 4:11-12 kjv).  




who is permitted to understand a parable? 
only the disciple of the lord.  
all others are said to be “without” -- or outside the house.  
in the words of origen: “i have not yet spoken
of the observances of all that is written in the gospel, each one of which
contains much doctrine difficult to be understood, not merely by the multitude,
but even by certain of the more intelligent, including a very profound
explanation of the parables, which jesus delivered to 'those without' while
reserving the exhibition of their full meaning for those who have passed beyond
the stage of exoteric teachings, and who came to him privately in the house. 
and when he comes to understand it, he will admire the reason why some
are said to be without, and others in the house”.



like the christians today, the believers at corinth
lacked nothing -- possessing all the knowledge that could be given to them
regarding the testimony of jesus, which is confirmed when paul said: “that
in everything you were enriched in him, in all speech and all knowledge, even as
the testimony concerning christ was confirmed in you, so that you are not
lacking in any gift, awaiting eagerly the revelation of our lord jesus christ,
who shall also confirm you to the end, blameless in the day of our lord jesus
christ” (1 cor 1:5-8 nas).  
and yet, to these same believers who possessed “all knowledge”,
paul said: “and i, brethren, could not speak unto you
as unto spiritual, but as unto carnal, even as unto babes in christ. i have fed
you with milk, and not with meat: for hitherto ye were not able to bear it,
neither yet now are ye able” (1 cor 3:1-2 kjv).  




the baptized believers at corinth -- believers who
had the opportunity of be taught by the apostle himself -- believers who could
speak in tongues, had been given all knowledge, and not lacking any gift -- paul
states these believers were too carnal to be given the mysteries of god.  
paul tells the believers at corinth that he could only give them the “milk”
of the gospel, because they were not yet ready to be given the solid food of the
spirit.   why?   because
they were “…not able to bear it”.  




in essence, what paul is writing is no different in
content than what ignatius wrote when he said: “might
i not write to you things more full of mystery? 
but i fear to do so, lest i should inflict injury on you who are babes. 
pardon me in this respect, lest, as not being able to receive their
weighty import, ye should be strangled by them”.  



clement of alexandria states the same thing as origen,
the apostle paul, and st. ignatius when he writes: “for
many reasons, then, the scriptures hide the sense. first, that we may become
inquisitive, and be ever on the watch for the discovery of the words of
salvation. then it was not suitable for all to understand, so that they might
not receive harm in consequence of taking in another sense the things declared
for salvation by the holy spirit. wherefore the holy mysteries of the prophecies
are veiled in the parables - preserved for chosen men, selected to knowledge in
consequence of their faith; for the style of the scriptures is parabolic.
wherefore also the lord, who was not of the world, came as one who was of the
world to men. for he was clothed with all virtue; and it was his aim to lead
man, the foster-child of the world, up to the objects of intellect, and to the
most essential truths by knowledge, from one world to another”.



again we see that the secret christian doctrine is
concealed from the carnal believer so that, in the words of clement, “they
might not receive harm in consequence of taking in another sense the things
declared for salvation by the holy spirit”.  
more importantly, we can begin to get a sense of man's true reality when
we focus on the manner in which clement describes us when he calls us “the
foster-child of the world” -- and depicts yeshua as the savior who
came to lead us “from one world to another”.  




what we are being given here is a genuine vision that
reveals to modern believers the very essence of new covenant teachings -- i.e.,
that we are not of this realm -- and as the prodigal sons of our heavenly
father, yeshua/jesus came to lead us out of this world.  
that we must travel in the master's footsteps if we are to be called a
true disciple of the christ, is confirmed in the words of st. gregory, bishop of
nyssa, who wrote: “…it is imperative on all those
who have an equally earnest desire for the good as he has, to be followers by
the path of an exact imitation of him who leads the way to salvation, and to
carry into action what he has shown them. it is, in fact impossible for persons
to reach the same goal unless they travel by the same ways”.



impossible, because we cannot inherit salvation and be
saved, until we have ourselves followed the lord “by
the path of an exact imitation of him who leads the way”.  
why?   because we are
not of this world -- alien residents -- “foster-children”
-- and jesus came as a guide to lead us on our journey home.  
in this respect it is of the utmost importance that we understand that
belief and faith are indicative of that condition found in carnal christians who
have not yet found entrance into the kingdom.   once we make the journey, and arrive in the kingdom
that is our true place of origin, faith and belief will pass away as we once
again possess a sure and proven knowledge of our true spiritual nature.



in order to begin the process, and commence to follow
in the way, we must be fully cognizant of what the lord taught his faithful
disciples!  in the words of the
apostle paul: “but the natural man receiveth not the
things of the spirit of god: for they are foolishness unto him: neither can he
know them, because they are spiritually discerned” (1 cor 2:14 kjv).  
in view of the fact that by the apostle's own testimony, the body of
believers would look upon the spiritual gospel of christ as foolishness, we must
realize even in our present time that that modern-day christians would condemn
the secret doctrine that yeshua taught his disciples -- and label these
teachings heresy.   

each
of us must accomplish in our own lives what the historical yeshua did in
his.   since mary is a divine force that restores the prodigal sons
and daughters to their original edeninc state, 
each of us must therefore be born of mary
-- i.e., the gospel of the hebrews which teaches:  "...and the power
came down into the world and it was called mary".      for yeshua was a man who had so consecrated
himself and fulfilled the torah/law in a spiritual manner by turning it within
himself, that he moved into  “supernatural union
      of a man and god... in their eyes, jesus of nazareth was a mere mortal,
      the legitimate son of joseph and mary: but he was the best and wisest of
      the human race, selected as the worthy instrument to restore upon earth
      the worship of the true and supreme deity. when he was baptized in the
      jordan, the christ, the first of the aeons, the son of god himself,
      descended on jesus in the form of a dove, to inhabit his mind, and direct
      his actions during the allotted period of his ministry” (gibbon;
      the decline & fall of the roman empire, v.4, p.366).  and while this many seem impossible to the people of
the simple faith, all things are possible because it is the power of the most
high that transforms those who consecrate themselves and desire to be with their
heavenly father.






click icons

to access













the law is spiritual! yeshua commanded his disciples to
        observe and fulfill the law/torah. not in the ritualistic manner of the
        jews, but in a spiritual manner by turning the torah within them in the
        endeavor to open the inner narrow door to the kingdom. by doing this,
        yeshua became the lord's anointed (messiah/christ), and one with that
        principle known as the indwelling son of god. 







the
disciple of the lord is always a nazirene -- i.e., the people of the vow -- a consecrated and anointed
chosen one of the lord who is set apart from the world.  only those who are
      of the vow of the nazirene can know the mysteries of god and the inner
      meaning of the law/torah that is the keys of knowledge that opens the
      inner door to the edenic kingdom of origination.







the
path of the disciple of theway is a personal calling for the more mature
      believer.  the disciple must be willing to make the service to god the
paramount and exclusive focus of their life.  such a person must become a
person of absolute dedication to the lord as a servant in the calling and care of
his flock.







one
      teacher and rabbi in theway:
in
the purity of the teachings of the way, there can be no sects -- no opinions --
no manmade doctrines of belief -- no churches which call themselves by a name
that separates them from another!  in the purity of the teachings of the
way, there is only one teacher -- the messiah -- and all genuine shepherds who
are faithful to the lord are merely guides who point the way to the presence of
the son of god.  the disciple must therefore learn to apply the key of
knowledge in their life so they can use it to open the inner "strait
gate" to the kingdom within.







the kingdom must be
      entered while physically alive: as
the disciple follows in the footsteps of yeshua and journeys in the way, they are
not only able to enter the kingdom of heaven through the "strait
gate", but as they continue to develop spiritually, they are able to simultaneously
exist both in this world and in the kingdom at the same time.  this is the
fulfillment of the commandment of the lord to be in the world and not of it!







the soul that evolves to
      perfection: yeshua/jesus taught that
      the soul of man evolves to perfection over the course of many lives. the
      disciples of theway believed in reincarnation?  you, therefore,
      cannot even be considered a true follower of yeshua/jesus, and not believe
      in reincarnation? click the lighthouse on the left and learn the answer to
      this profound and all-important paradoxical question that jews and
      christians today are unable to answer!  it will shock you to learn
      the truth!







you must be born again to
      enter the kingdom: jews and christians of the
      simple faith are as a fetus when compared to a mature disciple of
      messiah/christ!  are you pro-life?  traditional church doctrines
      abort more christians with respect to entering into life, than does all
      the abortion clinics in the world. more jews and christians die by walking
      the broad-way of destruction because they cling to manmade doctrines of
      belief!  they fail to embrace the words of yeshua/jesus when he
      commanded: "enter through the narrow gate. for wide is the gate
      and broad is the road that leads to destruction, and many enter through
      it. but small is the gate and narrow the road that leads to life, and only
      a few find it" (matt 7:13-14 niv)







how did yeshua become the
      messiah/christ? the
      bible teaches that jesus was a man who became the messiah/christ for the
      first time at his baptism, and the son of god at the crucifixion. 
      his disciples believed that jesus was a man who was in mystical union with
      the indwelling logos/word.  how much of modern christian dogma which
      is founded upon plato's doctrine of the trinity is valid in the life of
      the modern christian today? you will be shocked to learn the truth! 







things christians never told jews
about
the new testament scriptures.  did you
know that the new testament states that g-d did not want the majority of jews to
accept jesus as the messiah? 
not only the new testament scriptures, but this fact is also confirmed in the
epistles of paul, as well as the writings of clement, the disciple of the
apostle peter!  why?  because it was known beforehand that many of the
gentiles would be unable to embrace the higher concepts of the teachings of
theway which came to be called christianity -- and because the teachings
themselves would become defiled and corrupted with pagan/heathen concepts of
religion, judaism needed to be preserved separate, in order to
preserve the bedrock from which truth could once again emerge more easily in the
future. 







the orthodox corruption of
      the scriptures: was the bible rewritten?
      prof. nestle writes: "learned men, so called correctores were,
      following the church meeting at nicea 325 ad, selected by the church
      authorities to scrutinize the sacred texts and rewrite them in order to
      correct their meaning in accordance with the views which the church had
      just sanctioned." to ignore the facts is to alienate oneself from the
      living word of god







the gospel of the
      nazirenes: what did the gospels look
      like before being edited and re-written by the church of rome? what were
      the original beliefs of the first followers of yeshua? you will be
      astonished when you read a surviving text of the gospel of the nazirenes
      which was hidden away from the corrupters of the roman church. are you
      ready for a truly enlightening experience?







the secret doctrine of
      christianity: the original church was
      spiritually wholistic. it served the needs of the sinner through the milk
      of the simple faith - the seeker through the revelation of the minor
      mysteries - the spiritually mature through gnostic revelation. come and
      learn the true teachings of jesus that was taught only to his genuine
      disciples.







lilith - the demonic
      reality of feminism: in the divine pattern of creation man and
      woman are not only equal, but the mental/spiritual level of one polarity
      directly affects and limits the other.  the spiritual ignorance of
      many religious groups today is directly in proportion to the failure of
      men and women to interact and move into a state of spiritual harmony and
      balance. 









anthology
of fools - conflict
of atheist & believer: atheists
proclaim the tenets of a science they fail to embrace as apostates. and while
the criticize religion and the bible, they surrender their own gift of reason to
contend with blind believers of the simple faith. in rejecting their own
science, they are more dead and irrational than the religious people they judge
and condemn!






















the
problem with paul

of
the ebionites it was noted by the early church writer irenaeus: "those
who are called ebionites agree that the world was made by god... they use the
gospel of matthew only, and repudiate the apostle paul, maintaining that he was
an apostate from the law."  but exactly what does this mean?  did
the ebionites condemn paul?  or did they condemn the misunderstandings of the law
that many spiritually ignorant non-jews assumed paul to be promoting?  the
problem is not so much with paul -- but rather, the ignorance of both the jews
and the christians with respect to why the ebionites seemingly condemned
paul.   

to
begin to understand why the ebionites condemned paul, you must first understand that
his epistles were not only corrupted (see orthodox
corruption of the scriptures), but numerous writings attributed to paul
were authored by anti-jewish gentiles who were members of the greek
mystery religions.   yet, paul was not wrong on a number of
points -- but he espoused a very different religion than the historical man yeshua.  this
fact is noted in the 
encyclopedia britannica where it writes: “in
calling paulinism 'christocentric', one raises the question as to its relation
to the gospel proclaimed by jesus... how far he unconsciously modified the
gospel by making christ its subject matter rather than its revealer.... paul...
put all into so fresh a perspective as to change the relative emphasis on points
central to the teaching of jesus, and so alter its spirit. a school of writers,
by no means unappreciative of paul as they understand him, of whom w. wrede may
be taken as example, answer that paul so changed christianity as to become its
'second founder' - the real founder of ecclesiastical christianity as distinct
from the christianity of jesus.  they
say, 'either jesus or paul' it cannot be both at once’”. 
 

 


when
  paul wrote that a ritual observance of the torah equated to the "letter
  that killeth" -- that the law is spiritual, and is not to be 
observed outwardly in the ritual manner of the pharisees -- this rejection of 
the outward ritual observance of the law of moses is also seen in the words 
of epiphanius when he wrote about the ebionites that they 

"do not accept moses' pentateuch in its 
entirety; certain sayings they reject... stating christ has revealed this to me, 
and will blespheme most of the legislation"
(panarion 30.18.7-9).   what does it mean to 
"...blespheme most of the legislation"?  thus, the law has a spiritual meaning 
-- and must be observed by turning the ordinances of the law within the 
seeker/disciples own mind and being by using the
key of knowledge, in order to overcome 
and fulfill the law in the manner that yeshua did.   
on the central theme of the 
alleged beliefs ascribed to the ebionites, the early church writer hippolytus 
tells us: “they live 
conformably to the customs of the jews, alleging that they are justified 
according to the law, and saying that jesus was justified by fulfilling the law. 
and therefore it was, (according to the ebionaeans,) that (the savior) was named 
(the) christ of god and jesus, since not one of the rest (of mankind) had 
observed completely the law. for if even any other had fulfilled the 
commandments (contained) in the law, he would have been that christ.  and the (ebionaeans 
allege) that they themselves also, when in like manner they fulfill (the law), 
are able to become christs; for they assert that our lord himself was a man in a 
like sense with all the rest of the human family”
(hippolytus; the refutation of all heresies, bk 7, ch 22, doctrine of the 
ebionaeans).. 

what this means is that if anyone were to observe 
the law completely, that they would be the anointed (messiah/christ), and they 
would know and could do anything that yeshua/jesus did -- i.e.,
"very truly i tell you, whoever believes in me will do 
the works i have been doing, and they will do even greater things than these, 
because i am going to the father" (john 14:12).   and while 
this statement of fact is true, it is neither understood by jew or christian 
alike -- because, in order to fulfill the law in the manner that yeshua taught, 
it must be fulfilled within the seeker/disciples own mind and being.  
and that the literal written word of the torah is as a cloak for the inner soul 
and spiritual meaning that the people of a carnal and organic mind of this world 
are blind to, is seen in the statement of jewish mysticism in
  the zohar when it warns: "thus
  the tales related in the torah are simply her outer garments, and woe to the
  man who regards that outer garb as the torah itself, for such a man will be
  deprived of portion in the next world." (see
no jew has seen the torah).  which 
is explained in the zohar: “the narratives of the 
doctrine are its cloak.   the simple look only on the garment, that is upon the 
narrative of the doctrine; more they know not.   the instructed, however, see 
not merely the cloak, but what the cloak covers”.   why 
will the man who sees only the "...outer garb as the 
torah ...be deprived of [his] portion in the next world"?    
because unless the seeker/disciple fulfills the law in the manner that yeshua 
did while they are still alive in the physical body-vessel, it will be 
impossible to bring about the next stage of birth that yeshua said was 
necessary, in order to enter into life in the kingdom.   

 

while paul understood that the law could not be 
fulfilled through an outward ritual observance in the manner of the jews, paul 
was not a good communicator -- and failed to explain the spiritual meaning of 
the allegorical text of the written word that must be fulfilled within the mind 
and being of the seeker/disciple.   and this turning of the law within 
one's self and fulfilling the tenets of the written law that are presented under 
the cloak of allegory, is presented in the askmoses.com portrayal of the final 
temple which reads: 


the final temple: with the destruction of the 
second temple, g-d changed his mode of interaction with the universe. until the 
destruction, the temple was the window to g-d; spirituality had a physical home 
in jerusalem. the kohanim offered the daily sacrifices, the daily routines went 
uninterrupted, daily personal prayer was redundant.

with the 
destruction, g-d destroyed the physical temple and made it 
a spiritual place... we cannot find g-d in jerusalem; we must find him in us

with the 
destruction, g-d destroyed the physical temple and made it a spiritual place.
he took that window and placed it within us. 
instead of traveling to jerusalem, g-d wanted us to find 
him in our inner jerusalem. now, our bodies are our temples, our souls are our 
windows, our minds are our kohanim and our animal instincts are our sacrifices. 
we cannot offer physical sacrifices three times a day, but we can pray three 
times a day. we cannot attend temple services three times a day,
but we can tap into our souls three times a day. we 
cannot atone for our shortcomings by sacrificing animals, 
but we can sacrifice our inner animals—our hormones, our lusts, our desires, our 
beastly compulsions. we cannot find g-d in jerusalem; we must find him in us.


this was g-d’s master plan. by exchanging a sweeping, dramatic 
outdoor concert of public spirituality for an internal, personal, private 
experience, g-d was bringing himself even closer to humanity, laying the 
groundwork for the third and final temple—an age that will synthesize g-d’s 
presence inside our hearts and minds and in the world around us in a totally new 
reality: the era of moshiach.  


what this means is that to observe and fulfill the 
law, the law must be turned within one's own self, and fulfilled within one's 
own body, mind and being.   and with respect to the outward ritual 
observance of the law paul wrote: "tell me, you who 
desire to be under law, do you not hear the law? for it is written that abraham 
had two sons, one by a slave and one by a free woman. but the son of the slave 
was born according to the flesh, the son of the free woman through promise. now 
this is an allegory: these women are two covenants. one is from mount sinai, 
bearing children for slavery; she is hagar.  now hagar is mount sinai in 
arabia; she corresponds to the present jerusalem, for she is in slavery with her 
children. but the jerusalem above is free, and she is our mother" 
(gal 4:21-27 rsv).   the jews who observed the law outwardly in ritual 
and tradition, were those in slavery who were of the jerusalem of this world.   
whereas, those seeker/disciples who understood that the written law is an
"allegorical" portrayal of the forces and 
laws that are functioning and operating within our own mind and being, were able 
to fulfill the law in the manner that yeshua/jesus taught, and are those who 
were portrayed as being of "...the jerusalem [that is] 
above [and] is free".    and of those who fulfill the 
law within themselves the revelation states: "he who 
conquers, i will make him a pillar in the temple of my god; never shall he go 
out of it, and i will write on him the name of my god, and the name of the city 
of my god, the new jerusalem which comes down from my god out of heaven, and my 
own new name.  he who has an ear, let him hear what the spirit says to the 
churches" rev 3:12-13).    what must be conquered?  
"...we cannot atone for our shortcomings by sacrificing 
animals, but we can sacrifice our inner animals—our hormones, our lusts, our 
desires, our beastly compulsions. we cannot find g-d in jerusalem; we must find 
him in us".   thus, paul asks the question:
"don't you know that you yourselves are god's temple 
and that god's spirit lives in you?" (1 cor 3:16-17).    
further stating: "do you not know that your body is a 
temple of the holy spirit, who is in you, whom you have received from god? you 
are not your own; 20 you were bought at a price. therefore honor god with your 
body" (1 cor 6:19-20).   

 
   
 

 

it is impossible to understand both the gospel, and 
those points in the original epistles where paul was correct (prior to being 
corrupted), until one begins to understand the teachings of yeshua that the 
kingdom is within -- that each of us is the prodigal son of our heavenly father 
-- and that organic man dwells in what yeshua portrayed as the
"outer darkness" of mind and being (see
outer darkness) -- and 
that only by picking up one's own cross and travailing in theway, can the inner 
"narrow strait gate" be opened unto you, and can you return to your source (see
gate of eden).   
and when yeshua accused the very torah observant (carnal) leaders of the jews of 
throwing away 
the
key of knowledge, it was 
because they were interpreting the scriptures outwardly in ritual and tradition, 
instead of using them as the 
key of knowledge, to open the inner door to the kingdom.   that 
the ebionites were enlightened to the spiritual meaning of the torah, and did 
not observe it outwardly in ritual and tradition, is the reason why epiphanius 
wrote that they 

"do not accept moses' pentateuch in its 
entirety; certain sayings they reject... stating christ has revealed this to me, 
and will blaspheme most of the legislation"
(panarion 30.18.7-9).   for them to be accused of
"blaspheming most of the legislation",  
means that they did not at all observe the torah in accordance with the letter 
of the written word -- but rather, they understood the allegorical symbolism 
that was applicable to unlocking the inner door to the kingdom.   

many modern pseudo-ebionites and pseudo-nazarenes 
focus on the condemnation of paul in the writings of peter's disciple clement, 
but they ignore these same writings which portray the written text of the 
scriptures as the "books with the power to deceive" 
(see 
mystery of the books).    
which means that these pseudo-ebionite/nazarene groups don't at all understand 
why both peter and the original ebionites opposed and condemned paul as the 
proverbial simon magus.    yet, these same pseudo-ebionite/nazarenes 
who are themselves blind to the spiritual meaning of the torah -- and have 
themselves been fooled and seduced by what peter portrays at the
"mystery of the books with the power to deceive" 
(see  an inconvenient 
truth),  remain equally blind to the spiritual meaning of the gospels.      

the problem with paul
from an historical sense is seen in the fact that a number of non-jews authored
  his epistles in his name, and many of them were hostile to judaism.  
  paul, therefore, is the father of christian gnosticism -- which in and of
  itself is not necessarily bad -- but we must also remember that there were
major differences in the greek mystery religions (gnostic) and the system taught
by yeshua and the people of the new covenant.   but since the vast 
majority of modern pseudo-ebionite/nazarenes do not understand the meaning of 
the word gnosis as being spiritual knowledge revealed directly to the mind of 
true disciples and seekers of theway (see
the reality 
of gnosis),  in their ignorance they condemn and reject the divine 
manna from heaven.   and while paul was not wrong
  in his assertion that it would have been a waste of time for the non-jews to
  become ritually torah observant -- much quicker enlightenment was achieved by
  non-jews who converted to a spiritual quasi-buddhist lifestyle which was what
  paul promoted.   but the problem worsened when the carnal non-jewish
  converts who were themselves ignorant of the spiritual meaning of the torah, started writing their doctrines directly into the epistles associated with 
paul.   many of the more anti-jewish pro-gnostic epistles attributed
  to paul were in fact eventually suppressed by the church, because these
  writings demonstrated that they were authored by a non-jewish gnostic.  

as
an example: the second century church father clement of alexandria writes that: “and further, that the same god that
  furnished both the covenants was the giver of greek philosophy to the greeks,
  by which the almighty is glorified among the greeks, he shows.  and it is clear
  from this.  accordingly, then, from the hellenic training, and also from that
  of the law are gathered into the one race of the saved people those who accept
  faith: not that the three peoples are separated by time, so that one might
  suppose three natures, but trained in different covenants of the one lord, by
  the word of the one lord.  for that, as god wished to save the jews by giving
  to them prophets, so also by raising up prophets of their own in their own
  tongue, as they were able to receive god’s beneficence, he distinguished the
  most excellent of the greeks from the common herd, in addition to ‘peter’s
  preaching,’  the apostle paul will show, saying:
  ‘take also the hellenic books, read the sibyl, how it is shown that god is
  one, and how the future is indicated. and taking hystaspes, read, and you will
  find much more luminously and distinctly the son of god described, and how
  many kings shall draw up their forces against christ, hating him and those
  that bear his name, and his faithful ones, and his patience, and his
  coming.’ then in one word he asks us, ‘whose is the world, and all that is
  in the world? are they not god’s?  ‘ wherefore peter says, that the
  lord said to the apostles: ‘if any one of israel then, wishes to repent, and
  by my name to believe in god, his sins shall be forgiven him, after twelve
  years. go forth into the world, that no one may say, we have not heard’”.




these
  words attributed to paul by clement of alexandria, have been suppressed by the church, and the ignorant
  christians are under the grave misconception that the ebionite/nazirenes
  opposed him merely because he condemned a ritual observance of the torah
  -- which the ebionite/nazirenes who were gnostic and vegetarian, did not
  themselves hold to.   


 some of the writings attributed to paul were
  outrageous, but the ignorant christians today know nothing about these.  
  as can be seen in the above words, clement quotes an epistle of paul where he
  (the author) uses the sibyl of the greek mystery religions as an
  authority.   he also quotes hystaspes -- which i will provide a
  research article:  "according to avestan history, vištâspa
  offered asylum to zarathustra when the latter was hunted down by his
  opponents, the priests of the god mithra. later, the king organized a debate
  between the prophet and the priests; when zarathustra had proved that his
  doctrines were superior, vištâspa became an adherent of the new religion.
  legend has elaborated this story and added an intervention by ahuramazda in
  person"  (see
	
	search)     

if
  the ebionite/nazirenes would have accepted the greek gnosticism that was promoted under the
  authorship of paul, they would have totally undermined their own position
  among the essenes and hebrews -- and would not have been able to guide carnal
  jews in theway.   while i understand gnosticism, these writings of
  paul, and most other religious paths as alternative paths for people of
  different paths, i was forced to take a different position back in the first
  century (see brother of yeshua/jesus).   

 because few jews today understand the inner spiritual revelation of the torah,
the great majority of modern jews have been alienated from their own
religion.  and because most non-jews are too carnal to comprehend the very
gnostic epistles of paul -- and in not understanding the inner meaning of the 
	scriptures (see 
	an inconvenient truth) 
	-- and have themselves thrown away the
	key of knowledge -- 

 they falsely believe that yeshua did away with the law.   
	this condition of profound spiritual ignorance is responsible for
the greater number of christians and messianic jews that have in fact alienated
themselves from the teachings of theway that they claim to champion.  
in
the book christ or paul?, the rev. v.a. holmes-gore wrote: "let
the reader contrast the true christian standard with that of paul and he will
see the terrible betrayal of all that the master taught....for the surest way to
betray a great teacher is to misrepresent his message....that is what paul and
his followers did, and because the church has followed paul in his error it has
failed lamentably to redeem the world....the teachings given by the blessed
master christ, which the disciples john and peter and james, the brother of the
master, tried in vain to defend and preserve intact were as utterly opposed to
the pauline gospel as the light is opposed to the darkness."

the
theologian soren kierkegaard, writing in the journals, echoes the
above sentiment: "in the teachings of christ, religion is
completely present tense: jesus is the prototype and our task is to imitate him,
become a disciple. but then through paul came a basic alteration. paul draws
attention away from imitating christ and fixes attention on the death of christ
the atoner. what martin luther. in his reformation, failed to realize is that
even before catholicism, christianity had become degenerate at the hands of
paul. paul made christianity the religion of paul, not of christ paul threw the
christianity of christ away, completely turning it upside down. making it just
the opposite of the original proclamation of christ"

the
theologian ernest renan, in his book saint paul, wrote: "true
christianity, which will last forever, comes from the gospel words of christ not
from the epistles of paul. the writings of paul have been a danger and a hidden
rock. the causes of the principal defects of christian theology."

albert
schweitzer, winner of the 1952 nobel peace prize, has been called "one of
the greatest christians of his time."  he was a philosopher, physician,
musician, clergyman, missionary, and theologian. in his the quest for the
historical jesus and his mysticism of paul he writes: "paul....did
not desire to know christ....paul shows us with what complete indifference the
earthly life of jesus was regarded....what is the significance for our faith and
for our religious life, the fact that the gospel of paul is different from the
gospel of jesus?....the attitude which paul himself takes up towards the gospel
of jesus is that he does not repeat it in the words of jesus, and does not
appeal to its authority....the fateful thing is that the greek, the catholic,
and the protestant theologies all contain the gospel of paul in a form which
does not continue the gospel of jesus, but displaces it."

william
wrede, in his book paul, informs us: "the
oblivious contradictions in the three accounts given by paul in regard to his
conversion are enough to arouse distrust....the moral majesty of jesus, his
purity and piety, his ministry among his people, his manner as a prophet, the
whole concrete ethical-religious content of his earthly life, signifies for
paul's christology nothing whatever....the name 'disciple of jesus' has little
applicability to paul....jesus or paul: this alternative characterizes, at least
in part, the religious and theological warfare of the present day"

rudolf
bultman, one of the most respected theologians, wrote in his significance
of the historical jesus for the theology of paul: "it is most
obvious that paul does not appeal to the words of the lord in support of
his....views. when the essentially pauline conceptions are considered, it is
clear that paul is not dependent on jesus. jesus' teaching is -- to all intents
and purposes -- irrelevant for paul."

walter
bauer, another eminent theologian, wrote in his orthodoxy and heresy in
earliest christianity: "if one may be allowed to speak rather
pointedly the apostle paul was the only arch-heretic known to the apostolic
age."

george
bernard shaw, winner of the nobel prize for literature in 1925; in his androcles
and the lion, we read: "there is not one word of
pauline christianity in the characteristic utterances of jesus....there has
really never been a more monstrous imposition perpetrated than the imposition of
paul's soul upon the soul of jesus....it is now easy to understand how the
christianity of jesus....was suppressed by the police and the church, while
paulinism overran the whole western civilized world, which was at that time the
roman empire, and was adopted by it as its official faith."

will
durant; in his caesar and christ, he wrote: "paul
created a theology of which none but the vaguest warrants can be found in the
words of christ....through these interpretations paul could neglect the actual
life and sayings of jesus, which he had not directly known....paul replaced
conduct with creed as the test of virtue. it was a tragic change."

martin
buber, the most respected jewish philosopher of this century, wrote in two types
of faith: "the jesus of the sermon on the mount is
completely opposed to paul"

in
one of the best books on early christianity, those incredible christians,
dr. high schonfield reports: "it was not only the teaching and
activities of paul which made him obnoxious to the christian leaders: but their
awareness that he set his revelations above their authority and claimed an
intimacy with the mind of jesus, greater than that of those who had companied
with him on earth and had been chosen by him....it was an abomination,
especially as his ideas were so contrary to what they knew of jesus, that he
should pose as the embodiment of the messiah 's will....paul was seen as the
demon-driven enemy of the messiah....for the legitimate church, paul was a
dangerous and disruptive influence, bent on enlisting a large following among
the gentiles in order to provide himself with a numerical superiority with the
support of which he could set at defiance the elders at jerusalem. paul had been
the enemy from the beginning. and because he failed in his former open hostility
he had craftily insinuated himself into the fold to destroy it from
within."

it is important to understand the relationship between
the teachings of jesus, and the theology that has been created from the
perspective of the epistles of the apostle paul -- a man who never met jesus in
his lifetime.   under the
heading of jesus and paul, the encyclopedia britannica writes: “in
calling paulinism 'christocentric', one raises the question as to its relation
to the gospel proclaimed by jesus... how far he unconsciously modified the
gospel by making christ its subject matter rather than its revealer.... paul...
put all into so fresh a perspective as to change the relative emphasis on points
central to the teaching of jesus, and so alter its spirit. a school of writers,
by no means unappreciative of paul as they understand him, of whom w. wrede may
be taken as example, answer that paul so changed christianity as to become its
'second founder' - the real founder of ecclesiastical christianity as distinct
from the christianity of jesus.  they
say, 'either jesus or paul' it cannot be both at once’”. 
 









no jew has ever read
          the law/torah
 the
          jewish world today is in spiritual turmoil.  only a very small
          number of jews are torah observant.  the majority of reformed
          and conservative jews live as non-jews -- neither observing the
          sabbath or keeping the tenets of the written law.  many jews
          consider themselves atheists.  a massive number of jews are daily
          being converted to messianic judaism -- a christian based doctrinal
          system which has cloaked itself in a jewish facade in order to convert
          jews to christianity.  others call themselves nazarene jews or ebionites, but because they have been spiritually
          disenfranchised,  they remain counterfeit with respect to the
          names and terms they espouse.   and while there are the very
          few enlightened jews (spiritual israelites) who know the truth, the
          jewish, christian and muslim world remains ignorant as to the truth
          that is only known by these very few.   








the spiritual
          law/torah
once understood, paul
          taught a parable doctrine with respect to the law as was embraced by
          the ebionites.  the problem is that modern jews remain in bondage
          to the written word, while christians who fail to comprehend the true
          meaning of the law, dwell in lawless abandonment that makes them
          apostates to the kingdom of god.








the law is spiritual! 

 yeshua commanded his disciples to
        observe and fulfill the law/torah. not in the ritualistic manner of the
        jews, but in a spiritual manner by turning the torah within them in the
        endeavor to open the inner narrow door to the kingdom. by doing this,
        yeshua became the lord's anointed (messiah/christ), and one with that
        principle known as the indwelling son of god.








the gnostic paul
the
        above authors and scholars are correct!  because many of the
        converts were of a heathen minset and lifestyle, and they failed to comprehend the essence of a spiritual church vs a
        secularized institutionalized church, their carnal interpretations and misinterpretation of
        paul eventually led to the destruction of the teachings of theway. 
		
faith to the apostle paul meant
        something entirely different than it did to martin luther and the modern
        believer today.   until we begin to understand faith from the
        more enlightened spiritual/gnostic perception of paul, the modern
        christian religious experience will not bring about the results the 
		believers envision -- and
        will in fact lead to their own spiritual destruction.  paul taught 
		to "prove all things", because if you seek the inner kingdom, all 
		truth will be revealed to you in accord with your ability to live and 
		manifest the truth, the light, and theway.    





when
prof. john allegro was quoted as saying that what has been revealed in the
discovery of the dead sea scrolls is a great amount of overwhelming evidence
that “...may upset a great many
basic teachings of the christian church.  
this in turn would greatly upset many christian theologians and
believers.  
the heart of the matter is, in fact, the source and originality of
christian doctrine” (august 1966
issue of harpers magazine); what he was in fact stating is that, everything that
we now know about christian beginnings demonstrate that the essene/ebionites
were not the heretics, as they were falsely portrayed by the later gentile
church, but were in fact the body of genuine believers that held fast to the
authentic teachings of yeshua/jesus and the new covenant. 



the
counterfeit structure of modern christianity

the
profound long-suspected truth about christianity became an indisputable fact
when dead sea scroll expert and 
biblical
scholar a. powell davies expressed the immortal words when he said: 

“biblical
scholars were not disturbed by what they found in the dead sea scrolls because
they had known all along that the origin of christianity was not what was
commonly supposed to have been” 
(quoted
by millar burrows in more light on the dead sea scrolls).  worse yet, 

edmund
wilson, an expert who worked on the dead sea scrolls further raised the question
as to what difference it makes if “jesus...
had been trained in the discipline and imbued with the thought of a certain
jewish sect, and that he had learned from it the role that he afterwards
lived...” (the scrolls from the
dead sea).  to the uninformed and unknowing believer, it made all the
difference in the world!  




what did the dead sea scrolls prove beyond any doubt?
	  that the ebionits who were condemned by 
	the gentiles and later roman church were correct -- and that the gentiles 
	were too heathen to comprehend the teachings of yeshua and theway.   
	thus, the encyclopedia britannica writes: 

"most 
	of the features of ebionite doctrine were anticipated in the teachings of 
	the earlier qumran sect, as revealed in the 
dead 
	sea scrolls. they believed in one god and taught 
	that jesus was the messiah and was the true "prophet" mentioned in 
	deuteronomy 18:15. they rejected the virgin birth of jesus, instead holding 
	that he was the natural son of joseph and mary. the ebionites believed jesus 
	became the messiah because he obeyed the jewish law. they themselves 
	faithfully followed the law, although they removed what they regarded as 
	interpolations in order to uphold their teachings, which included 
	vegetarianism, holy poverty, ritual ablutions, and the rejection of animal 
	sacrifices. the ebionites also held jerusalem in great veneration. 
	(encyclopaedia 
	britannica online)  


at
about the same time the dead sea scrolls were discovered in a cave, a library of
early christian scriptures was uncovered at nag hammaddi in upper egypt.  

because of the nature of these writings, our scholars believe that these
scriptures belonged to a sect of gnostic christians. 
 yet, the understanding that was engendered from the study of these
writings was profound, even from a purely historical perspective.  

what they learned from the study of these writings again confirmed that
the faithful flock had once again for a very long time believed a lie with
respect to the first gentile christians -- a lie that again had been published
by the church of constantine.  

in the words of prof. elaine pagles in her book, the gnostic gospels,
the condemnation of the early gnostic christians by the roman church had 
 

“political
implications”.  

what she said was that the denunciation of the gnostic christians was 
 
“crucial
to the development of christianity as an institutional religion. 

in simplest terms, ideas which bear implications contrary to that
development come to be labeled as heresy; ideas which implicitly support it
become orthodox”.  what
this meant was that what is today considered traditional christian doctrine, was
formed in the fourth century for purely political reasons in order to support
the church that the roman emperor constantine authored and founded.


proof
of just how far the christian church has deviated from its original spiritual
path known as theway, is seen in the fact that throughout most of the christian
world today the words mysticism and gnosticism are words more appropriately used
to describe heresy and heretics -- and yet, in the words of dead sea scroll
expert prof. john allegro in is book, the dead sea scrolls and the origins of
christianity, he writes: 

“it
is a fact that the qumran library has profoundly affected the study of the
johannine writings and many longheld conceptions have had to be radically
revised. 


no longer can john be regarded as the most hellenistic of the
evangelists; his gnosticism, and the whole framework of his thought is seen now
to spring directly from a jewish sectarianism rooted in palestinian soil, and
his material recognized as founded in the earliest layers of gospel
traditions.”   what these words mean is that such common phrases as faith, belief,
born again, and even the manner in which christians worship, must be radically
altered and turned back onto the original course that yeshua/jesus ordained, in
order for the modern believers to even be considered followers, and inherit the
promise of eternal life.  




the
teachings of theway

the
teachings of yeshua/jesus which are known as theway was a purely spiritual
religion -- practiced by a purely spiritual people known and essenes, nazirenes
and ebionites.  these sacred teachings became impure when placed in
the hands of the gentiles, and totally corrupted under constantine and pagan
rome.  




as
essene/ebionites who live in accordance with the vow of the nazirenes, we know that it is sinful and turned out of theway to argue over
manmade doctrines and carnal concepts of the meaning of the scriptures.  as
disciples of the vow of the nazirene, we seek total and absolute oneness with
the lord in the manner that yeshua/jesus taught, and the whole focus of our
religion is to learn what we must do in our lives to bring this intimate union
with our creator/god about.  as the prodigal sons and daughters of our
heavenly father, we seek to release ourselves from the carnal and elemental
limitations of this world, and walk in theway on our return journey back to the
edenic kingdom of origination that we emerged from in the beginning. 





allan_cronshaw@ebionite.com

click
icon



if
you are in search of spiritual truth

then
join our nazirene disciple of theway discussion group


 




blogarama 



main
websites

the
below web sites are written in the name of allan cronshaw, which is my birth
name in this present life.   the manner in which these other web sites
are composed is very different than on this one -- wherein, on these other web
sites there is an attempt to document and demonstrate every proof and concept of
theway using a multitude of resources and biblical verses -- while on this web
site there is no other authority than jacob writing to you as the brother of
yeshua who was the leader of the hebrew/christian movement of theway.  
in the recently discovered  
 gospel
of thomas it is written: (12) the disciples said to jesus,   "we know
that you will depart from us. who is to be our leader?" jesus said to them,
"wherever you are, you are to go to james the righteous, for whose sake
heaven and earth came into being."   so to once again
  restore the teachings of theway which is today known as christianity, the lord
  has sent jacob/james, the brother of yeshua/jesus, back into the world in
  order to guide the faithful flock into the truth, the light, and the kingdom
  within (luke 17:20-21).   it is there that my brother yeshua/jesus
  awaits you.

the
above warning with respect to the predicted corruption of yeshua's teachings is further stated in the
first century writings known today as the
clementine recognitions where it is written: "our
lord and prophet, who hath sent us, declared to us that the wicked one, having
disputed with him forty days, and having prevailed nothing against him, promised
that he would send apostles from amongst his subjects, to deceive. 
wherefore, above all, remember to shun apostle or teacher or prophet who does
not first accurately compare his preaching with that of james, who was called
the brother of my lord, and to whom was entrusted to administer the church of
the hebrews in jerusalem, — and that even though he come to you with
witnesses: lest the wickedness which disputed forty days with the lord, and
prevailed nothing, should afterwards, like lightning falling from heaven upon
the earth, send a preacher to your injury, as now he has sent simon upon us,
preaching, under pretense of the truth, in the name of the lord, and sowing
error. wherefore he who hath sent us, said, ‘many shall come to me in sheep’s
clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves. by their fruits ye shall know
them.’" 

again
it is warned by clement: "wherefore
observe the greatest caution, that you believe no teacher, unless he bring from
jerusalem the testimonial of james the lord’s brother, or of whosoever may
come after him. for no one, unless he has gone up thither, and there has been
approved as a fit and faithful teacher for preaching the word of christ, —
unless, i say, he brings a testimonial thence, is by any means to be received.
but let neither prophet nor apostle be looked for by you at this time, besides
us. for there is one true prophet, whose words we twelve apostles preach"

as
predicted, the ministers of satan have succeeded in altering the teachings of my
brother yeshua, and continue to lead many into the abyss of
darkness.   but have no fear my brothers and sisters, for the
teachings of theway has been restored so that you might be able to overcome the
darkness, and enter the kingdom of light within you (luke
17:20-21). 
 






click
      icon

to
      access
















the brother
      of yeshua/jesus: 
2000 years
      ago i lived as jacob who many all james, and i was known as the brother of
      yeshua and the first leader of the new covenant movement of theway which
      is today known as christianity.  i was sent back into the world to
      restore the teachings of my brother yeshua to their original spiritual
      essence, and to guide you in theway that is "narrow" so
      you will be able to open the "strait gate" within
      you and enter the kingdom that yeshua declared must be attained through
      the second birth.










the ebionite
      homepage: if you call
      yourself a christian, jew, messianic believer, evyonim, nazarene or
      muslim, then it is imperative that you learn of the ebionites who are
      true spiritual israel -- they are the poor ones to the ways and
      thinking of this world -- the ebionites were the israelites of the
      nazirene vow they are/were the genuine disciples of yeshua/jesus who are
      in the world and not of it! 








the nazirene
      homepage: the original
      spiritual teachings of yeshua/jesus as practiced by the people of the way
      who where known historically as the essenes, ebionites, and nazirenes. the
      teachings of the way are spiritual -- and provide a means to open the 
      "strait gate" into the kingdom while still physically alive in
      the body/vessel.








the light of yeshua -- the
      messianic nazirene
      disciple of theway: while
      many teach that believers are saved by faith, the journey of the disciple
      of yeshua is one of absolute dedication to the way. the disciple who
      becomes a brother to yeshua must live as he lived, and become a nazirene
      who is consecrated and wholly set apart as they walk the narrow way, enter
      into the kingdom through the strait gate, and learn directly from the l-rd
      -- the one rabbi and teacher of the mysteries of g-d.








the long island mystic and
      nazirene disciple of theway:  
the
      organizational homepage of the nazirene -- the long island mystic,
      evangelical minister, and prophet of theway -- who god bestowed upon him
      the gift of the recall of his previous life as a disciple and brother of
      messiah/christ -- and thus has re-entered this world at the present time
      in order to restore the spiritual essence and teachings of his master,
      yeshua/jesus. the kingdom is within! and we must sojourn the narrow path
      of theway, enter the "strait gate" to the inner spiritual
      temple, while still alive in the physical body.  thus, modern
      christians have misunderstood the words of yeshua -- he never said that we
      must physically die to enter the edenic kingdom of origination -- but
      rather, we must die to the culture, mindset and ways of this world in
      order to enter the kingdom! 







being of light:
who are we?  what are we? from where have we
      come?  what is our destiny?  to the demise of those who read these words, only a handful of people today can answer these all-important crucial questions correctly!    the rest dwell under the cloud of unknowing -- and if you think you are the person whose reflection you see in the mirror, then you are a stranger to your true self and have made yourself part of the illusion of this world.   with great wisdom yeshua/jesus is quoted in the books of the savior, also known as pistis sophia (faith-wisdom): "do not cease seeking day or night, and do not let yourselves relax until you have found all the mysteries of the kingdom of light, which will purify you and make you into pure light and lead you into the kingdom of light."








gospel of the nazirenes --
      gospel of light: what did the gospels
      look like before being edited and re-written by the church of rome? what
      were the original beliefs of the first followers of yeshua? you will be
      astonished when you read a surviving text of the gospel of the nazirenes
      which was hidden away from the corrupters of the roman church. are you
      ready for a truly enlightening experience?







the gate of eden:
      why were the nazirene/ebionites vegetarian?  why did they live in
      accordance with the precepts of the torah/law?  why did they live
      separate and apart from both jews and christians?  the answer is very
      simple: the gate of eden is within us, and if we fail to enter therein
      while we are still physically alive in the body, we will have failed in
      our opportunity to enter into life.  and while it can be countered
      that we are saved by our belief in messiah/christ, faith, or the blood of
      the lamb, the truth is that if we were truly faithful disciples of theway,
      that we would experience the opening of the inner door and the kingdom
      coming within us.  the gateofeden article explores all aspects of the
      need to pick up one's own cross and follow the narrow path that leads to
      the inner gate to the edenic kingdom of origination.







epistle of light - epistle
      of james to pope john paul ii: 2000
      years ago i lived as jacob the brother of jesus known as james. i was sent
      back to bring about the restoration of the church, and the within letter
      to pope john paul is important for you to read and forward. the pope has
      the power to bring peace on earth if he releases certain early christian
      documents that are in his possession. jesus is calling out to you to help
      make the truth known! will you hear the call?







letter to president bush:
      george bush is a man of faith -- and the lord has called him to deliver a
      message to another man who has the power to begin the process of restoring
      world peace.  will pres. bush arise to the occasion?   the
      conflict between jew, christian and muslim cannot be resolved with guns
      and bombs.   the only solution is spiritual -- and there is only
      one man who can at present begin the process of world-healing.  will
      you write to pres. bush and encourage him to perform the task that god has
      called him to do?







  jesus was a mystic, and he
      taught us how to walk the spiritual path of theway.   paul
      warned that it is impossible for natural man without spiritual
      transformation to know the truth -- and he will look upon the mysteries of
      god as "foolishness"!  
      in vain believers read the bible -- attend colleges and universities -- or
      read philosophical theories.  there is only one source of knowledge
      that nourishes us with the enlightening manna from heaven.   the
      true church is spiritual, is within us, and can only be entered by the few
      who dedicate and surrender their lives to theway of light. everyone else
      embraces error - institutionalized error - in church, school and every
      other aspect of life.










 




 




 
 
 

