


decorative vanity license plates, decals, labels & stickers


















welcome!
your source for vanity license plates & decals, stickers, labels  


30d money back guarantee   
we accept  e-transfer, 
 only
   
all prices in  dollars    
contact us




norton safe web rating


 catalogues:

decals/bumper stickers
license plates
custom decals, stickers & labels








 click here to shop for decals

high quality printing on premium vinyl using the latest in print technology and "kiss cutting" allowing for complicated and precise outline cuts.
wide variety of designs to choose from
great for your home, office, car, truck, rv, motorcycle etc. 
available in 2", 3", 5", 8" and 10" (up to 12" for flag designs).
available in regular vinyl and engineering grade reflective vinyl, to suit your needs.



 click here to shop for vanity license plates 

personalize your car with vanity license plates. 
unique as gifts for all memorable occasions, and for club members.
made of heavy gauge .025" aluminum material for rust free license plates.
 laminated for extra protection against uv, bugs, pebbles and scratches!
photo quality images with high gloss finish for maximum visual impact.
personalized license plates are our forte.
our license plates are fade resistant for up to 5 years!
also available in engineering grade reflective material, like those used by law enforcement, and fire/rescue vehicles!










click here to read more info about our full colour outdoor/indoor vinyl decals, labels & stickers
full color bumper stickers, decals, labels and other stickers

we do full color bumper stickers, decals, and other stickers.
bumper stickers can last up to five years or more.
full color means we can include pictures into your decals, stickers and labels without additional costs.
read more about ordering your full color decals, stickers and labels. 












pci compliant
we are pci compliant. we do not store nor process your credit card or bank info at any point of your shopping. this is done through the pci-compliant payment processing service providers paypal.








faqs
privacy

custom designs
feedback
shopping cart
returns & cancellations
contact us
wholesale
fund raising
shipping




actual product may differ slightly from picture shown on this catalogue. this is due to the variances in (1) different monitors and display cards; (2) the print media; and (3) graphics resolution. there may also be detail loss in converting the graphics into jpg format.



