










galactic civilizations iv: supernova - discover new adventures and rule the galaxy your way in this 4x sandbox game.


















































stardock.com navigation

software




object desktop
                                    windows productivity suite
for home  |  for business





start11
                                    customize start menu & taskbar
for home  |  for business





fences 5
                                    organize desktop apps & files
for home  |  for business





desktopgpt
                                    ai-enhanced workflow tools
for home  |  for business





multiplicity
                                    control multiple pcs seamlessly
for home  |  for business





groupy 2
                                    bring tabs to every app
for home  |  for business





deskscapes
                                    animated desktop backgrounds
learn more  |  buy now





objectdock
                                    animated dock for shortcuts
learn more  |  buy now





windowblinds 11
                                    personalize taskbar & windows
learn more  |  buy now



view all software products
discover our productivity and customization tools.


corporate software solutions
increase productivity, design intelligent controls and reinforce branding with our enterprise products.




games


galactic civilizations
discover new adventures and rule the galaxy your way in this 4x space strategy game.


sins of a solar empire
real-time strategy. unrivaled scale.


star control
the space action/adventure classic returns.


the political machine 2024
win the hearts and minds of america's voters.


ashes of the singularity
massive-scale warfare in an epic rts.


offworld trading company
save humanity. turn a profit. preferably both.


all games
check out our complete catalog of award-winning games.


community
stay up-to-date with game news and dev journals.


metaverse
see how you rank against other players in your favorite games.


wikis
immerse yourself in game lore, tutorials, and more.




community


                                software
                            

                                games
                            

                                discord
                            

                                wikis
                            

                                wincustomize
                            


news
blog
support











search












home
game
media
news

forum
workshop
metaverse
store








































            take command of a civilization that has just achieved faster-than-light travel in galactic civilizations iv, the newest entry 
            in the award-winning space 4x strategy game series. explore the galaxy, colonize worlds, shape cultures, make alliances, 
            fight wars and pioneer new technologies. 
        




dev journals






launch trailer






faq














game features















news and journals








dev journal




galciv iv: supernova dev journal #94 - sneak peek: tales of the arnor



dev journal




galciv iv: supernova dev journal #93 - an essay of the history of the galactic civilizations universe...



dev journal




galciv iv: supernova dev journal #92 - of the nyx



dev journal




galciv iv: supernova dev journal #91 - the yor and the arnor thoughts











media







screenshots
wallpaper
artwork








make trades to attain the resources and alliances that will propel you to triumph.





monitor the progress of your galactic sector, relative to other civilizations.





choose the civilization you will lead as you compete for control and influence.





build up cultural points and explore an enhanced ideology system.





encounter brand-new alien civilizations or create your own with the updated civilization builder.





customize your fleets and wage epic battles using a new and improved combat system.





experience unique adventures with their own consequences.





spread your influence and conquer enemy planets.





strengthen your civilizations' tourism, weaponry, science, and more.





monitor your relationships with other civilizations using a detailed and intuitive diplomacy screen.





build custom ships and easily navigate the ship designer's improved ui.





organize and strengthen your fleets using the starship classes system.




































thank you! please check your email for a confirmation link. once confirmed, you can look forward to receiving exclusive specials and announcements direct from stardock.
need to unsubscribe?




thank you! please check your email for a confirmation link. once confirmed, you can look forward to receiving updates about galactic civilizations iv.
need to unsubscribe?




stardock.com footer















sign up for our newsletter


subscribe









                    © 2025 stardock entertainment. galactic civilizations® is a registered trademark of stardock entertainment. all rights reserved.
                    






























press kits
site map
terms
privacy
dmca
contact us






thank you! please check your email for a confirmation link. once confirmed, you can look forward to receiving exclusive specials and announcements direct from stardock.
need to unsubscribe?























