



custom decks, patios, & porches | archadeck | outdoor living








































		open accessibility menu
	


 skip to content


 skip to menu


 increase text size


clear all 



 
		hide
	






















							work with us 
						


							franchising 
						


find your builder 



go







what we build






decks

fire features

outdoor kitchens

patios & hardscapes

pergolas

porches

redecking

screened porches

sunrooms

gazebos & pavilions 







photos & videos






photo galleries

video galleries







why archadeck






better building

custom designs

our process

our warranty

financing

testimonials







resources






free design guide

choosing a contractor

blog

photo gallery

video gallery

our partners

faqs

financing

contact corporate

work with us

known by the company we keep

pricing







locations














better building by design
decks, porches, patios, and more!
find your builder
schedule a consultation













deck builder and patio contractors




custom outdoor living solutions
welcome to archadeck outdoor living, where we bring your outdoor living
	 ideas to life! we are a deck and patio design and installation company
	 that offers custom designs that can incorporate various amenities and
	 features. we go beyond just decks and patios and can build just about
	 any outdoor structure you have in mind. from screened-in porches to sunrooms
	 to pergolas, our designers and contractors have done them all. simply
	 want to add a fire pit or hardscape to your backyard? we can confidently
	 handle that project as well. if you have an outdoor vision, we would love
	 to make it a reality.

	it all begins with a complimentary design consultation, so
	find a location today to get started!













deck builders with decades of experience
archadeck is proud to be north america’s largest deck and porch builder.
	 since we started in 1980, we’ve built over 135,000 structures nationwide.
	 we set ourselves apart from other outdoor construction companies by offering
	 both design and build solutions. our team first helps you realize the
	 vision you have in mind and then designs a structure that is uniquely
	 yours. only when you are 100% satisfied with our design do we begin construction.
our contractors are all trained, licensed, and certified in their specific
	 areas, and they adhere to our clear job process methodology that ensures
	 a well-built, long-lasting structure. best of all, we are so confident
	 that you’ll love what we create, we back our workmanship and structures
	 with two warranties that guarantee your satisfaction.

find your local archadeck today
to schedule a complimentary design consultation

find your builderget started










custom designs for your outdoor living space









								decks
							
when you choose archadeck, you're choosing a team that has designed and built thousands of custom outdoor decks.









								patios
							
by adding a custom patio to your home, you're creating a living space that will make you want to spend more time outdoors.









								porches
							
we’ll create a porch that’s as beautiful as it is functional so you can enjoy the outdoors without leaving your home.










							more
						
we build a wide variety of outdoor spaces including sunrooms, outdoor kitchens, fire features, pergolas, and more!



















































beautifully enhance your outdoor space
	

our deck builders deliver the service and community commitment of a local,
	 family-owned business backed by the strength of a company that’s
	 built over 135,000 incredible outdoor structures since 1980. we offer
	 you the benefit of an international architectural design center that will
	 custom design your project to complement your home, suit your personal
	 tastes and meet your exact needs for functionality.
view photo gallery







see the difference for yourself find your local builder today


designing and building get started today







go



get started














leave nothing to chance build with archadeck




founded in 1980 with over 135,000 structures built.


north america’s largest outdoor living space builder.


the most expansive customer warranty in the industry.


trained, licensed and certified in all applicable areas.



why archadeck








request your design guide
get your free design guide and start thinking and planning your next outdoor living space.



city / zip
go








hear from our happy clients






							“archadeck built a sunroom addition onto my kitchen and did a fantastic job. we were able to creatively reuse an existing exterior french door and windows which saved considerable money.”
							
								- teresa h.



							“very detailed thorough approach. no surprises. fabulous quality and reliable work.”
							
								- teresa c.



							“exquisite fit with the existing structure and land form. fantastic architecture, carpentry and project management in each project we did with you.”
							
								- marcia o. & maryann w.















				more reviews
			








home

what we build

photos & videos

resources

locations

franchising




find your local builder



go






+1-888-687-3325




+1-888-687-3325


(888) 687-3325

				2426 old brick rd.
				
			

glen allen,
va
23060





















copyright © 2025 | all rights reserved

accessibility
privacy policy
site map


























