














pittsburgh dry bulk trucking and supply service | mcclymonds























































 safety certified by avetta, browz and is networld

 request a trucking or material supply quote




menumenuhomecompanyservices

pneumatic bulk tank trailersconstructiondump truckheavy haul divisionindustries servedoil and gasotr (over the road)roll-offsupply
safetycareersblogcontact 





 welcome to mcclymonds supply & transitwelcome to mcclymonds supply & transitwelcome to mcclymonds supply & transitwelcome to mcclymonds supply & transitwelcome to mcclymonds supply & transit









mcclymonds supply & transit provides dry bulk trucking and supply services to the eastern half of the united states. the fleet includes triaxle (straight truck) dump, tractor-trailer dump, pneumatic bulk tank, roll-off triaxles and trailers, and heavy haul. the company supplies dry bulk materials to commercial, residential, and highway construction companies, landscapers, industrial manufacturers and mills, and the oil and gas industry, among others.
the trucking operations are headquartered at the main terminal located in portersville, pa, approximately 40 miles north of pittsburgh, pa. mcclymonds operates a full-service truck garage, body shop, weld shop and three owned and operated wreckers out of the portersville terminal to maintain its fleet. a central dispatch operation, also located in portersville, manages all trucking operations.
the company maintains three aggregate, construction and landscape supply yards in the pittsburgh region, which provide materials such as limestone, sand, and gravel, salt and mulch at primarily wholesale prices. materials can be sold as one packaged rate to a job site through furnish and place deliveries.
mcclymonds supply & transit provides other integrated transportation services, such as third-party logistics.











supply 

decorative stone
view our
dirt & topsoil
view our
gravel
view our
limestone
view our
salt
view our







affiliated brands you can trust








servicesbulk tank
construction
dump truck
heavy haul division
industries served
oil and gas
otr (over the road)
roll-off
supply
supplycoal
decorative stone
dirt & topsoil
gravel
landscape supplies
limestone
mulch
miscellaneous
salt
sand
contact 
mcclymonds supply & transit co., inc.
                296 currie road
                portersville, pa 16051
main office: 724-368-8040
contact us

 





copyright © 2025 mcclymonds supply and transit., inc. all rights reserved. website design by higher images, inc.
	
    



we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept




















