









home | windham hill inn | boutique hotel in west townshend vt
































































skip to content





windham hill inn
boutique hotel in west townshend vt


 
 







rooms
amenities
explore


local events
state parks


logo
gallery
about


contact us
faq
policies
things to know before you stay


book now





 




home

















 







								welcome to windham hill inn							

								west townshend, vermont							




























availability













adults
12345


 search 


book now




















windham hill inn
west townshend, vermont.
tucked away on 160 rolling acres in southern vermont’s green mountains, the windham hill inn is a tranquil getaway for all ages. our country-chic accommodations and panoramic views of the west river valley make this vermont hotel the ultimate retreat throughout the year.


our uniquely designed rooms and suites are arranged in two buildings: an elegantly repurposed 140 year old dairy barn with 8 beautiful guest rooms & multiple common areas, as well as a three-bedroom cottage with an attached kitchen and living area. both capture the essence of vermont country living with period antiques, oriental rugs, and furnishings handcrafted by local artisans.


our inn is a place to recharge & refresh amid the hustle and bustle of everyday life.  the grounds offer beautiful hikes you can make year-round, whether that be on foot, snowshoe, or cross country ski.  we are also a twenty-five-minute drive from the mount snow ski resort, and just forty minutes from the designer outlets and quintessential new england village of manchester, vermont, as well as forty-five from the renowned stratton mountain village and ski resort.


when you stay with us, you'll discover the luxury of complete relaxation and remote beauty.












know before you book!


























relax 

















explore 

















find us 


































luxurious and comfortable rooms













king loft suite






view room













queen with fireplace






view room







































 






windham hill
 311 lawrence dr west townshend, vt 05359

 innkeeper desk phone: (802)874-4046 
 main office phone: (802)874-4046 


email: booking@windhamhillinn.com








privacy policy.
ca privacy notice.
website accessibility.

created by travel media group ©  all rights reserved. 












rooms
amenities
explore
logo
gallery
about
book now



copyright © 2025 windham hill inn — ascension theme by godaddy




this website uses cookies to improve your experience. by continuing, you consent to our use of cookies. click here to learn about our policies.    accept & closeprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept























skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset






accessibility statementaccessibility statement 







