








the men's doc – dr. will courtenay | expert on the health & psychology of men & boys



















































 (415) 346-6719 
*protected email*















home
psychotherapy
websites
research
publications
articles in the press
television & videos
radio
speaking
about dr. courtenay
google scholar
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 













“a leading psychologist in the field of masculinity.”
the american psychological association






a trusted media source.
seen in and heard on…
















 








 








 








 








 








 








 








 








 








 








 








 








 








 








 








 








 








 








 








 








 








 








 








 








 






























dr. courtenay is an internationally recognized expert in helping men and boys, a psychotherapist, a distinguished author and researcher, consultant, speaker and radio host.
“the men’s doc” is vocal spokesperson about the lives and experiences of men and boys, and fathers. he has dedicated – and continues to dedicate – his life’s work to improving the physical and mental well-being of men and boys, and to shattering outdated myths about men and manhood.
as a social scientist and researcher, dr. courtenay is committed to bringing to the public what science can tell us about men and masculinity – and about how to improve men’s lives. he has a clear, no-nonsense style and translates scientific findings into everyday language, and into practical, useful information.

“a powerful scholar and effective leader . . . successful in bringing the psychology of men to audiences such as medicine, public health, and even government policy makers . . . with a focus on real-world problems.”the american psychological association, society for the psychological study of men and masculinity









after being selected for inclusion in who’s who in america for the previous 9 years, who’s who announced in 2018 that dr. courtenay was being awarded a lifetime achievement award. the award honors those who have “demonstrated leadership, excellence and longevity within their respective industries and professions.”









 
dr. courtenay hosts a variety of websites for men. for more information and to find links to these websites, click here.
 



 








© 2025 dr. will courtenay | privacy policy | information on this web site is for educational purposes only. it may provide some self-help relief. however, it should not substitute for a comprehensive evaluation by a licensed mental health professional. 
























share this





the-mens-doc-book-dying-to-be-men





themensdoc





willcourtenay

















