




soundvision productions presents the dna files


























the dna files
presented by soundvision productions






home
about the dna files
radio programs
community outreach
explore by keyword
 





podcast













if my genes are 98.8% chimp, am i just 1.2% human?

what makes us human, and what makes a chimp a chimp? in this discussion, visitors to our web site had the chance to ask two researchers who have studied our simian relatives about the similarities and differences between the species.


producer commentary
reporter julie caine takes us on a visit to maycoba, mexico, where technology is bringing big changes.
more 




community outreach

bringing the dna files closer to you
from philadelphia to fresno, our community partners are putting a local spin on the dna files —  through radio coverage, hands-on activities, town hall meetings, a summer science lab for kids, and...
 more  about the dna files





 




may 2008: transcripts available!
now you can download complete program transcripts. go to the radio programs page, click on the program you want, and then choose "audio & transcripts" from the blue bar at the top.






 explore by keyword 

animalsbasic biologybusiness & economicsclimate changecommunityculture & scienceecology & environmentepigeneticsethicsevolutionfood & agriculturefundinggene-environment interactionhealth & medicinehuman genetic testing & dna analysisinternationallaw & public policymind & memorypublic response & participationresearchsafetysocial justicesystems biologytechnology 



 big ideas 


the story doesn't stop with dna — genes are part of many complex systems. and the more we learn about how they work, the more ethical, legal and social issues we face.






 


soundvision productions


the dna files is produced by an experienced team at soundvision productions, inc®. more







 



distribution: national public radio 


us and international development & marketing: schardtmedia


 


 







 



the dna files was an award-winning series of radio programs hosted by john hockenberry and guided by an outstanding panel of advisors. from 1998 to 2007 soundvision researched and produced 19 one-hour radio programs, exploring not only the science of genetics, but its ethical, social and legal implications. more







home
about the dna files
radio programs
community outreach
explore by keyword


        soundvision productions :: 2991 shattuck avenue suite 304, berkeley, california 94705, usa :: 888-303-0022 :: contact us


        copyright 1998-2008 soundvision productions, inc. ®
        
        |
        
        terms of use
        









